@_author: eitauisunity
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:19:31
There's your problem. Don't use Windows. Also, with the spectre exploit floating around, it might be pretty wise to keep the network from being accessed by public IP.
@_date: 2018-01-07 01:37:56
It's like buying a European vacation with your credit score. 
@_date: 2018-01-30 17:04:57


Lol. There are a fuck ton of promising altcoins that have reached a pretty sizeable marketshare that are still under a dollar. I'm not going to list what I'm invested in specifically, but I've established a set of criteria for white papers and for stated directions that I see value in. I don't see a need to mention them here because I'm just trying to encourage people to do more research into crypto in order to take advantage of the opportunity that is still out there and not be so down on missing the btc rise. Crypto will change the world, just like computers did. Crypto will be ubiquitous like computers are, but it will be in ways no one can predict yet. Learn about some of these possibilities, invest in the possibilities that pursue endeavors you find worth investing in, and take an educated risk. Hedge that risk with other things, and hope your decisions net you enough value to live the life you want.
There's no need to have a repeat of the 1920's because people get swept up in the fever. Don't focus on being rich tomorrow. Money comes and goes, but real wealth takes time, attention, and patience. 
So however much the 10-15 cryptos each person considers buying is up to them based on their personal financial situation, and all I can advocate is doing that responsibly with the understanding that putting aside a little bit frequently and in a lot of places is more likely to make you wealthy than thinking you can out-trade the market. And to be fair, some people can, but unless you have the resources and influence to do that, dreams of buying an altcoins today at a penny and then having it buy you a house in a month is toxic and unrealistic.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:06:57
Hundreds of millions were held accountable for the "mistakes" of a few. See, the system works. /s
@_date: 2018-01-30 14:41:51
I'm in a similar boat. When btc hit 10k all I could think about was how different  my life would be if I held, but I had no way of knowing what it would be, and what the actual implications of crypto would be.
The good news is that btc isn't the end all be all of crypto. We're living in a time where the lightbulb was just invented and everyone is getting their houses wired for light without realizing the value of the electricity that runs that light. There are plenty of opportunities to make plenty of money if you do your research and spread your risk around.
Think of it like the stock market. The people who ended up jumping out of skyscrapers were the traders. Yeah, everyone hit hard times, but the people who invested in various stocks and just held on to them or didn't think about the massive crash, sure, some of their stocks went under, but they had enough diversification that the winners they picked more than made up for the losers.
I see that crypto might be similar. No one can tell the future, but the technology behind crypto makes automating the various costs of human trade and making them virtually unbound by time, distance, and identity.  Just like manufacturing automated the production of goods, and email automated the sending of information, crypto will automate the financial institutions (among other things). The best part is that it will do it in a decentralized and distributed way.
What I'm saying is there are plenty of opportunities still in this space. Don't get down on yourself about making a completely rational decision with the information you had at the time, and don't let that discourage you from ceasing the vast amount of opportunity that currently exists. Pick 10 or 15 crypto currencies based on what type of niche they fill and make it a financial goal to throw an amount you are willing to lose in each one. Then put them in cold storage and forget about them. Still follow the news and updates about the coins your purchased, but resist the temptation to sell until the day comes where trading them out to be wealthy in fiat is an obsolete concern.
And if they all tank, then you didn't put more into them then you could afford to lose. It's also important to hedge your bets in fiat as well and make other investments. No one knows what the next 10 years will bring.
@_date: 2018-01-08 21:04:58
Been into btc since 2010...still working full time. SO...HARD...TO HOLD....NNNNGGG!!!!!
But yeah, not cashing out into fiat. If it reaches a certain point I might hire a lawyer and a money guy to cash some of it out to invest it in some actual capital, but until then I will continue suffering with every new celestial body btc reaches.
@_date: 2018-01-13 20:36:12
I'm not worried about it. This is a world changing technology, and society has yet to comprehend.
I see it as being a gradient shift, and that will mean that people will try to interface with it in a way they understand. Right now that means centralization. The important thing is to adopt as many people into it so they at least have exposure to how to get it and the new features I'm their money they have as a result.
As the implications of the old system start coming to a head, that will be the time they start to appreciate the decentralization, and it will be there waiting for them when they are ready.
In the mean time, it's just a matter of exposure and getting it into as many hands as possible on terms that people are comfortable with.
That being said, it is still really important that there is some voice reminding people of the power of decentralized money, and that is why it's good for you to bring it up, but don't stress, and know that good things will come of this.
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:06:43
Hahaha, my mistake.
I thought you were calling me a complete and utter noob.
I apologize for misunderstanding. This sub's discourse has gotten a bit poor lately and people exchanging insults is pretty common.
My approach is to just ignore it and try to reply in good faith.
Now that I understand what you meant, I'd be happy to discuss some of my criteria and a few coins that meet them, but I'm at work right now, so I'd have to PM it to you later when I had the time to expand a little more.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:40:40
It needs to be proved to work first. After that, then it can be polished for the masses. We are in a new frontier with this technology. We have no way yo model what is happening yet, everything is just a hypothesis. What is i.portant now is that people just start something to show it can work. Then come the improvements necessary for mass adoption.
@_date: 2018-09-05 13:54:33
Everyone is in the 1% down there now. The bottom 1% of global wealth, that is.
@_date: 2017-12-29 15:06:35
Butbutbut! MSM says that bitcoin crashed. I lost my life savings because I bought at $19,500! /s
@_date: 2018-09-05 13:58:18
Poor economic policy. It takes effort to create, harvest, transport, deliver, stock, prepare, and serve food.
There might be a few hundred people in all of that, and if their currency is literally worth nothing, why would any of them have an incentive to work.
Inflation allows the state to absorb everyone's wealth and destroy any incentive to be productive.
Even if there were plenty of food to harvest, if all of those peoples incentives do not line up to provide the labor and capital necessary, it wont get done.
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:41:09
For me, I noticed that my life was increasingly stressful and full of distractions. After a lot of stress, I realized I never take the time to just sit and let my mind wander. I've never been a religious or spiritual person, but taking even just 10 minutes out of every day to just sit alone and be bored, my mind wanders to some pretty useful places. I guess you can call it meditation, but my pursuit isn't to reach some higher plane of enlightenment, but I could definitely see how religious practitioners of meditation would feel like it does.
Solutions to longstanding problems have come to me by just sitting without stimulus and letting my consciousness drift. So many good ideas, ways to approach conflict,  noticing who around me might be suffering, and how to be more sensative, or even help them in some way.
I don't play music, or tv, or be on my phone. I just lay down in front of a fan with my eyes closed and have a 10 minute timer on.
I don't know if this will work for everyone, and I only have a tenuous grasp on the psychological mechanisms behind it, but since doing it, I've noticed that tome has stopped racing by, I have developed a better awareness of the here and now, and come to realize who is important in my life, how I can be there for them, what my needs, wants and incentives are, and how to meet them, and who to ask for help with those things.
It is definitely a habit to be formed, and at first, I would beat myself up for not making the time for each day at first, but the more I did it, the more I realized that I'm not perfect, I'll miss things from time to time, and each day is a new opportunity to do it right. 
Realistically, I probably do it 3-4 times a week, with my goal being every day, but even that has been a huge help.
The other part of this is to either journal right afterwards so I can preserve the results of the experience, or (if I have the privacy for it) to just put on a recorder and try to speak what comes to my mind. It's very freeing to have a place where I can be open with myself about who I am, and put that into reality so that I can reflect on it. 
It's nice to just have a few minutes of calm each day, without screens, or people, or work, or any demands placed on me. It helps me focus on what I want to get done that fay, and what I can realistically accomplish.
Like I said, this is just my experience, so I don't k ow what kind of effect this would have on everyone, but maybe it would be worth a shot to see what happens.
@_date: 2018-09-05 18:38:46
I have some questions:
 * What do you think the causes of income inequality are?
 * How will state manipulated currency *end* it?
 * What are the downsides of ending income inequality as opposed to not interfering with income inequality?
 * Do you see any upsides to not interfering, or is it just down sides?
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:08:59
I plead the 5th (like constitutional rights are a thing anymore.)
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:03:07
The state cant manipulate monitary policy to rob people of their wealth by devaluing their past efforts.
Additionally, it would be very hard for a state like Venezuela to tax or seize crypto if proper opsec is used.
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:52:31
Lol, not for $25M. Not in a sustainable way, at least. You'd burn through that money with all of the costs that come with that lifestyle. It would be gone in no time.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:34:40
Everyone decries the poor independent artists, but fails to actually see how copyright is used to stifle it. Only recently with the advent of youtube, torrenting, and other various forms of direct creator-to-user channels has independent music (and therefore artists) been able to flourish.
Prior to those channels, independent artists would be edged out by large corporate production companies, because they are the ones who have designed copyright over the years.
The fact of the matter is that musicians seem to do better when people can listen to their music freely and develop a very large fan base very quickly (the costs of experiencing their art is very low, which means people are more likely to give it a chance), and then come out to concerts, spend money on merch, talk about them in social media, share the content with their friends, families and co-workers, etc.
The corporate model for media is dying and the corporate part of that industry is in it's death throws.
New musicians that understand how information technology has changed the game will end up ahead, and those who have to resort to using the law to grasp on to their living will fail with time.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:21:21
I think that is one of the worst things about the state monopolizing currency. People seem to have lost the ability to wrap their mind about what it represents as an abstraction. All currency does, in theory, is keep track of who has produced, and who has consumed.
In theory, if someone has money (assuming they have acquired it via legitimate means), then that means they have provided some value to someone else, and that money gives them some limited entitlement to goods and services from someone else (obviously not an entitlement to a specific person's labor or goods, but some entitlement as to the ability to trade).
Nothing is ever free, and on things like private trackers, the service you are exchanging is uploading content you have downloaded to some ratio. If you add a payment layer to that it will only get better because people who value bitcoin more than they value not uploading will be more inclined to increase their up time/bandwidth, which will make the system far more stable and far more usable. Someone who is in search of really rare content might be willing to pay a lot more to get it sooner than have to wait ten weeks for it to download from one seeder and put out a bounty to give an incentive to other's who have that content but aren't uploading to do so.
@_date: 2015-12-23 23:31:49
It does matter though. They basically fabricate a number which the state is indebted to, and then the tax payers are forced to pay it back. We are binding people who have not even been born yet to a life of interest and indebtedness. 
You are right in the sense that it is not like private debt. Private debt is more ethical, as it is recognized that you and I can't make an agreement that will put our progeny in the bondage of that contract.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:36:39
It is quite an ambitious project, but their compsci seems pretty solid. It's just a matter of implementing it. I think if something like that were to come to fruition (which it appears close) projects such as yours would work extremely well.
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:00:57
Someone suggested a monopoly set with bolivars. I would definitely be interested in that.
@_date: 2018-08-04 13:12:20
It belongs in a museum!
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:22:42
"What? We just have to print more money to reduce the actual liability of the debts we incurred previously?" -~~US Government~~Every Government
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:26:58
Haven't governments outlawed piracy of copyrighted content? The point is that the broadband providers will not likely be able to do anything about it provided people who are uploading are being smart about it (eg using a vpn or offshore seedbox). They won't be able to see that you are being paid for the bandwidth.
You can argue the morality or legality of that, but the point is if they can't tell, it is about as moot as the moral/legal arguments about piracy. The fact of the matter is it is possible, it is safe, it is easy, and a large number of people are doing it.
I personally care very little about the concerns of the broadband carriers since they are state protected and sponsored oligopolies anyway.
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:49:43
Making the same mistakes as DPR. I hope they at least encrypt their wallet so that the FBI cant seize them when they come shot down the heinous act of having a lemonade stand in the US.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:12:39
Have you taken a look at I know it's not quite out yet, but [here]( is a link to the developer api.
@_date: 2018-05-27 16:15:20
Exactly what DPR should have done.
@_date: 2018-08-07 14:02:26
That wound is still fresh. I dont know that it will ever heal.
@_date: 2018-05-09 14:11:59
They already have and probably learned a lot from Ross's mistakes.
Face it, buying drugs online is as easy to do technically, and safe to do legally as pirating copyrighted material.
@_date: 2018-05-09 14:08:16
Actually, online drug markets probably did a lot more harm to drug cartels by breaking up the local and regional monopolies they had. He introduced black market globalization to every person with an internet connection and computer.
Every actor in the drug war was perfectly happy with the way things were going until he changed things, and it made the state appear neutered and the cartels see a massive increase in competition.
I'm actually more surprised he made it to trial alive than the fact that he was ever prosecuted.
I hope one day he sees his freedom, or at least a fair trial.
@_date: 2018-05-27 17:38:24
Yes. Hence going to a country that doesn't extradite to the UK.
@_date: 2014-01-15 07:54:45
Hocnet is basically a project that would require a meshnet, but adds the proper incentives for that meshnet to grow to a sustainable level for people to use it to the same degree that they use internet now. It's basically taking the idea of the meshnet and adding in the benefit of the bitcoin protocol. Working on one is not mutually exclusive of working on the other, and in fact, working on the meshnet is still working towards hocnet since hocnet would be a layer on top of the meshnet.
@_date: 2014-01-15 07:55:05
@_date: 2014-07-22 07:25:55
They are obviously appealing to someone. I'm not here to judge, just simply point out that there is probably money to be made in industries where business are blacklisted from banking.
@_date: 2014-12-13 17:34:02
It's easy to rub something in someone's face when they are wrong, but the real way to win hearts and minds is to graciously kill them with kindness. I'm mobile right now, but when I get back to my desktop I plan on tipping them.
@_date: 2014-03-26 02:18:42
So, basically, the reality of the situation illustrations the futility of their legal fictions. If you are cautious they would literally have no way of proving or even knowing what you are doing with bitcoin. Technology is slowly chipping away at the foundation of the king's castle.
@_date: 2018-05-09 13:59:25
He has more than real estate. He owns vast amounts of productive capital that will still continue to generate wealth regardless of the medium of exchange.
He's a smart and talented man, and I really doubt he'll have issues whethering the crypto storm that is about to hit the modern fiat monetary model. He has something that most people don't: the resources to be flexible with social and economic change. He does not seem like the type of man who will stick his head in the sand when the obvious is knocking on his door.
@_date: 2014-10-26 04:26:19
So pretty much the only safe way of transporting large amounts of wealth anywhere in the country is on a USB flash drive. If it is encrypted and you have backlups. Even if they seized the flash drive they can't really touch your wealth. I know brain wallets are a thing too, but some people don't trust the security of those.
@_date: 2014-08-12 03:11:59
I find it so interesting that people see bitcoin as a mechanism for removing the state from fundamentally free market endeavors, but then fail to realize that the free market for currency can be a good thing. Who gives a shit if there are ton of other currencies. That's how it *should be*. The currency that offers the best store of wealth, the fastest transactions, the most flexible development, etc *for the individuals using them for the transactions they are using them for* will be the currency used for that transaction. There will always be people interested in trading one cryptocurrency for another, and as long as that fact remains true, it will be advantageous to have multiple cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:54:53
But that doesnt factor in what fees they pay to coinbase.
@_date: 2014-01-10 04:11:19
Oh, sweet, I didn't know that. That is mighty kind of them.
@_date: 2014-10-26 08:42:32
You keep one of the backup's on you. So if you spend any money on that back up, and it gets taken/destroyed, once you recover your wallet, your expendatures on the block chain will update. The only draw back to that type of backup is if you add money to your wallet -- those increases will not be reflected in something that is cold storage, but that is solved by the fact that backups are easy and cheap to make.
The other thing to consider is that this security measure makes keeping savings easier because it is harder to access/spend those coins (in the case that you don't keep your backup on you to spend). So if you are someone who is worried about having your life saving seized or stolen, and don't want to keep it under the mattress due to the risk of it being completely gone if your home were to get burglarized or burn down, then keeping it in cold storage with this method is actually significantly more beneficial than banks or cash.
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:27:47
The problem with that is that the state doesn't only protect capitalism, it protects a status quo that benefits those who posses power and wealth. The state does the same thing in a socialist society as well. The problem with having a monopoly on law in a given geographical area (aka the state) is that as society progresses it must meet the force of the state in order for that progression to occur. Statism gives socialism and capitalism the same bad name because it mortgages the benefits and value of voluntary exchange with the veneer of maintaining the status quo of one particular economic system rather than society having the ability to fluidly move between which ever economic system works best for that context.
@_date: 2014-10-26 05:55:53
And you can be subjected to the same brute force if you refuse to turn over the cash. Unlike cash, there are tools that protect you from rubber-hose cryptanalysis that can be used against accessing bitcoin that can't be used to protect you from armed robbery of physical currency.
Let's assume you have $10,000 worth of bitcoin wealth you wish to protect. The most secure setup would be to have at least 3 flash drives where you have back-ups that are configured as followed:
 - Each backup will be kept in a secured, trusted location
 - Each backup will have a hidden volume on it
 - A small amount of bitcoin would be stored in the unhidden volume
 - Most of your bitcoins would be kept in a hidden volume
If you were ever caught with a flash drive where the attacker knew you had bitcoins, but unsure of the amount, and was willing to use RHC on you, you can give up the password for the unhidden volume with plausible deniability to the rest on the hidden volume. This will satisfy the attackers inquiry without putting you in danger, and even if the drive is kept, gives you the ability to still access your wealth via your other backups. The most the attacker would be able to seize of your wealth would be the small amount you kept in the unhidden volume.
EDIT: This setup would be extremely secure against theft (seizure) and destruction. You get stopped by the cops and they take your shit, you still have (most of) your wealth. Your house get's burglarized, safe; Bank where you keep a flash drive in a deposit box, safe; Have all of your assets seized by the IRS, safe. Goes on and on.
inb4 "Truecrypt is not secure anymore!" 
It's the best tool we have, and while the circumstances surrounding it's demise were obvious, they were suspicious and unclear, and previous versions have done well in security auditing.
@_date: 2014-01-18 09:44:51
PUT THAT COFFEE DOWN!
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:08:25


 * Ammunition Sales
 * Cable Box De-scramblers
 * Coin Dealers
 * Credit Card Schemes
 * Credit Repair Services
 * Dating Services
 * Debt Consolidation Scams
 * Drug Paraphernalia
 * Escort Services
 * Firearms Sales
 * Fireworks Sales
 * Get Rich Products
 * Government Grants
 * Home-Based Charities
 * Life-Time Guarantees
 * Life-Time Memberships
 * Lottery Sales
 * Mailing Lists/Personal Info
 * Money Transfer Networks
 * On-line Gambling
 * Payday Loans
 * Pharmaceutical Sales
 * Ponzi Schemes
 * Pornography
 * Pyramid-Type Sales
 * Racist Materials
 * Surveillance Equipment
 * Telemarketing
 * Tobacco Sales
 * Travel Clubs
Sounds like a lot of booming opportunities for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-22 17:32:22
\&gt;implying anarchists don't care about property rights.
@_date: 2014-11-22 19:13:36
Corporations who use the mechanism of statism to acquire property do not, in my opinion, acquired legitimate property rights (there are always exceptions, however). Your statement about not respecting property rights was a blanket one, I was simply suggesting that not all anarchists have a wanton disregard for the means of production or personal property, and respect the fact that humans do have material needs, and in order to meet those needs, a framework of property rights is necessary. Different folds of anarchy may disagree on how that framework should look, but a regard for some framework is very typical in the type of anarchists who are more than "I'm 14 and want to live in GTA because I'm edgy and lobbing Molotov cocktails is fun oh and fuck the capitalistpigswhotramplemyrightstodyemyhairandwearblackmakeupadararrhrhhhghghgghgh!!!!!"
There are very legitimate philosophical groundings for many forms of anarchism, but I've rarely seen a rigorous one that disregards property rights.
@_date: 2015-01-13 02:46:28
The printing press was the end of the church as cryptography is the end of the state. Both items were used by the institutions they destroyed very early on, but eventually got in the hands in the people. They became so available and easy to use/build that they got beyond the grasp of the institutions that developed them. Statelessness is still a bit of a taboo, as was atheism, but we have managed to make up our minds about religion without man devolving to the state of animals in the absence of religion, to the contrary. We will probably fare better still once statism goes the way of the church.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:58:22
You dont need to keep it in a jar, you just cant put it in a bank, or go buy a sports car. Even then, as more companies start to accept it, and even hold on to it because more goods and services can be purchased with it, we are approaching a likelihood that people won't cash out into dollars. If you don't cash out it is extremely hard for the irs to tax you. 
I don't know what happened to you to where you need to express such hostility, but I hope those issues get resolved. Living life like that must be miserable.
@_date: 2015-01-02 18:11:51
I care little of Mark's reputation, but I figured I might also point out that it could also be a case of "I'm in Japan and cannot afford to make it to France to defend myself." Or "I was in Japan at the time and wasn't aware of the charges." There could be known info that rules out both of those, so I am not sure, but I think it is a bit disingenuous to make conclusions about someone until you have all the facts.
@_date: 2017-02-05 18:23:34
This is what people fail to realize about "tax evasion". The IRS doesn't give a fuck and they really just want your money. They'll put a few prime examples behind bars to keep the threat of being imprisoned keeping most people paying. In reality, you really only end up in prison for doing massive tax evasion (in the millions or billions arena) or flat out refusing to pay if they bust you for not paying.
If you are a wage earner and the IRS calls you up to settle unpaid taxes, just comply, don't be an asshole to the IRS employees, and you'll be fine.
@_date: 2015-01-13 02:51:56
I doubt the government will stop using encryption...
@_date: 2015-01-13 02:40:23
I gotta tell you, the US's constitution *is* written down and doesn't appear to be "legally binding." So, I don't think there is much of a difference. Shout out to [Lysander Spooner.](
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:28:16
The technology (being cryptocurrencies) doesn't allow for more state control, but bitcoin may if used in that way. The thing people fail to understand is just like torrenting, just like online porn, just like 30 printed guns, it reveals the legal fictions the state imposes as just that. Sure, you can refuse to participate in actions the state tells you not to, but the real question is if you do, can they do anything about it. Things like crypto currencies make it much more obvious that they can't enforce the ridiculous laws they impose. And eventually, they will get so far behind that society will see engaging in unlicensed commerce and tax evasion just as safely and easily as we pirate porn on our computers while smoking a joint.
Statist apologists in this sub don't see it that way because they just want bitcoin to be seen as legitimate, and being legitimized by the state is one way to achieve that. However, that way is shortsighted and neglects to perceive crypto currencies as what they are and can be and demonstrates a failure to see the forest for the trees. Don't uncle Tom out on us and start understanding the beautiful implications of free, peaceful, productive lives and the way in which crypto currencies can enable that.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:52:13
Using bitcoin what it was intended for. Good man.
@_date: 2019-03-19 16:01:05
Do you have a lot of confidence that as the Venezuelan economy starts to slow down from losing faith in the fiat currency, productivity could still grow as people switch to crypto.c (crypto currency)?
Is adoption growing quickly enough down there to migrate people quickly enough to prevent an entire economic collapse and the horrors that come with it?
What do you think the implications would be for VZ in regards to taxation and regulation if everyone were to move to crypto.c?
Is the VZ govt reacting to crypto.c in any kind of authoritarian way? Meaning, is the state enforcing any punishments or seizures if someone is found out to be using crypto.c?
Do you think there will be regional implications for neighboring countries with similarly structured governments if the VZ people are successful in transitioning to a crypto.c based economy?
Are you hopeful that mass adoption will bring a new era of economic productivity for your people?
What can people from other countries do to help develop or accelerate adoption? Are there avenues of trade for getting goods and services to the VZ people using crypto.c that are safe?
What kinds of resources exist (or could be developed) that would help others in VZ adopt? Maybe like a donation faucet, or simple instructional pamphlets that could be printed and distributed in mass.
Thanks for your time and any replies! Good luck, stay safe, and god speed!
@_date: 2019-03-19 16:07:08
It would be kind of funny, but if someone developed a way to exchange crypto.c via smoke signals and all other obsolete forms of information transmission, it really would be the most resilient form of economic transaction possible.
Someone then needs to etch those instructions on granite tiles and distribute them across the globe randomly.
@_date: 2019-03-19 16:03:54
I think the term you are looking for is "life", lol.
@_date: 2016-06-29 16:37:39
The young innovate, the old legislate.
@_date: 2019-03-19 16:05:04
This is the real gift that the Silk Road bestowed on humanity. RIP.
It showed us how, now all we need is *to do*.
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:45:25
The beauty of it is that the same underlying properties of blockchain that enables political corruption also enables the populace to withhold their productive wealth from the state.
IMO, let the state be corrupt with blockchain, as it will be no different than how corrupt they are with fiat. The only difference is when the state steps out into the realm of cryptocurrency, they abandon their corrupt control on the monetary supply defacto.
The more states encourage people to use cryptocurrency, the more stabilized and useful it will become.
I see it as a similar concept as the Catholic church's pursuit of scientific knowledge during the middle ages and Renaissance is what massively contributed to the development and spread of the scientific method, which then proceeded to start the process that undid a majority of the church's power and belief structure in the west.
@_date: 2016-06-29 16:33:37
Implying he is stupid and just doesn't have an ulterior motive.
Politicians are typically smart people. They will definitely play the fool when it suites them, but it is folly to underestimate those who stand against your incentives.
@_date: 2018-10-18 18:41:59
I know and understand that. What does it have to do with this?
@_date: 2018-10-16 14:07:45
You do realize that China couldn't possibly sell off *all* of their reserves at once, right?
They've been trying to exit the debt loop for probably 10 years now, but they can move a lot more usd at a time sinking it into crypto than they can selling USD on the open market.
If they offloaded $200M in USD on the open market beyond just pegging the yuan, the global economy would be flipping its shit.
If they do it anonymously by offloading those dollars into crypto, they can move a lot more and exit the debt loop faster.
China is a big enough player that they could offload fuck tons of USD, jack the price of crypto up, then sell off crypto reserves at a massive profit into other foreign currency until crypto crashes back down.
@_date: 2018-10-19 14:49:55
Bulk discount?
@_date: 2017-01-30 19:44:29
Let them pass it. They are so out of touch with how much power they have actually lost that it really doesn't matter. It just creates an incentive for people to open their eyes to a better way and disregard their bullshit.
@_date: 2018-10-16 06:28:03
My guess would be a state actor, maybe China trying to leave the debt-loop without crashing the value of their own reserves of USD.
@_date: 2018-10-17 21:43:00
But for this one avenue. There are several things they are doing to exit the debt loop. The more assets they can use for that purpose, the faster it happens...
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:50:27
To be clear, you are saying that using crypto will not allow them to exit the debt loop faster?
I'm interested in why you think so.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:49:34
I'm not pretending to do anything. Right from the get-go, I mention this is my guess, and saw it as pretty obvious that we can't actually know what the transaction was.
I'm not trying to draw a link, I'm simply speculating, like you. My guess is informed by the fact that the Chinese have been trying to get out of the debt loop for like 30 or 40 years now, but can't without bankrupting their state. But, even that is really no information at all.
They *have* come up with pretty clever ways to try to leave, they are limited on how much gold they can acquire, but still do it little by little, as much as they can pseudo-anonymously. 
Crypto allows them to continue doing that, but faster since they now have a myriad of other assets to drop their USD reserves.
It would make sense that a state actor, like China, could easily cause an accidental massive bullwhip effect in crypto by overdoing it a little.
I think that due to crypto currency's inherent value as a form of money has roughly supported the growth caused by state actors. But the nice thing with crypto is that it is the freeest market for an asset we have ever seen.
So when things get too built up, instead of a state bailing it out like they do with industry, it's allowed to fail and rebuild. The crashes are built into the expansion and force the market to correct its mistakes before it gets too big to support itself.
On top of that, there is the fact that I missed initially, which was that the wallet only ended up sending about $35k worth of btc to another wallet.
So it really is anyone's guess, but whenever I see something with 8-10 significant figures, I feel pretty safe in assuming it is a state actor. In general, maaayyybe a dark market proprietor, but probably less likely, maybe a really early miner, but even less likely.
@_date: 2017-01-29 06:17:32
Why not?
@_date: 2018-10-13 04:09:26
But you don't get to hold the keys to the wallet, so people should know that before  "investing" with them.
@_date: 2018-10-17 02:20:49
Your point? They know they won't exit the debt loop in a day. It will take time and their interests seem to be to do it as quickly as possible. It could still take years and years.
@_date: 2018-10-18 14:21:26
So there are only 25k drops in the ocean?
The point is crypto is the best avenue for them to exit the debt loop without spooking the herd until they are ready is to broadly invest in crypto.
It is the fastest way they can exit the debt loop, which theyve been trying to do for decades.
@_date: 2017-01-30 19:51:09
So what you are saying is we just need to stare at the goats harder?
@_date: 2017-01-06 18:55:16
I guess it depends on what she needed.
Liver transplant? Hmmm -- yeah, maybe. Depends on your relationship.
Cartier necklace? Fuck off!
@_date: 2017-01-06 20:08:59
I am also overlooking a woman's ability to make your life a living hell when you don't give her something she thinks she needs. LPT: Don't stick your dick in crazy.
@_date: 2018-10-17 21:41:57
Can you clarify?
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:13:10
IMO, the inconveniences of bitcoin completely outweigh the harm that can be caused by a central bank or the federal reserve. 
I would never want to use a state issued crypto, just as I don't want to use state issued fiat.
People are overlooking the entire point of crypto, and that it divorces the state from its monopoly on money and finance.
@_date: 2017-08-19 19:47:45
Indeed. This is why I shouldn't reddit so early in the morning.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:38:40
I guess inhadnt considered the sheer number of orders of magnitude involved. They aren't kidding when they say humans can't comprehend exponentiation worth squat.
That being said, I still think there are far more fundamental problems with the current monetary structure than simple inflation can account for. And the current status seems to be a historical powderkeg for runaway inflation. To some extent it's death by a thousand papercuts. We keep bailing these things out, but no one seems to be asking the question about why so many things need the state to intervene? These problems aren't getting fixed, they are just festering like using water to address a mold problem. The more resources the state puts into failures, the more damage those failures can do. The monetary system seems to have steered itself onto an evolutionary edge that it can't return from, and the presumptions seem to be a very rapid market correction so that the broader distribution of productive people (e.g., working class, middle class, etc) are allowed to keep more of the economic pie that they've earned. There will always need to be resources making their way to people who are involuntarily unproductive (for example, children, maming victims, severe cognitive or physical disabilities, etc) and so far the state is the best mechanism that has been formalized. I think that the current state is obsolete and vestigial to how society has been changed by technology. We can solve the problems that the state claims to with new technologies and better engineered systems. I see a decentralized, open-source, private structure as a monetary system as being one of the pillars to whatever comes next to govern ourselves with all of the new capabilities our species has gained in the last 40 years.
There are other pillars yet explored (although they are rapidly approaching with smart contracts), and the rest hasn't even settled on this one. Society is still figuring cryotocurrency out and there will be a lot of mistakes, bumps, and bruises along the way. Those mistakes will inform the rest of the community on how best to move forward to make it a system that is not only easily adoptable (over time), but also durable in our new world.
Hence my opinion as to why I think day trading crypto is a bad idea, but to some extent, day traders are needed so that the system can be fueled by those mistakes. Eventually it will mature, just like the stock market did when we caught up to the deeper implications of the industrial era. People went haywire, lost a bunch of momey, cried afoul, the state came along to regulate, and then that system got out of date, unfair, and poorly distributed to the people who keep it moving. It will be replaced, and that is likely to be the result of the state trying to use obsolete methods ("let's just print our way out of debt!) to keep the status quo, but society will have engineered its way out of that scam by then. I mean, it's right there in the intent, these technologies are intended to be anonymous, state-proof, and censor-proof. Why do you think that intention is there? Forward thinking people is my opinion. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 22:10:14
Sounds like politics.
@_date: 2018-06-17 16:49:28
Pretty sure it's in the constitution that if you did it for the lolz and lolz were had, you're good to go.
@_date: 2018-06-10 18:53:16
Wouldn't printing all of that money just devalue the dollar and cause prices to go up? Pretty much the resolution from the housing bubble.
The best option seems to be dealing with crypto as far away from the state that you can get it.
It always seemed odd to me that people are more concerned with exchanging fiat for crypto, when they could just find a way of offering something to trade for crypto.
@_date: 2018-10-16 14:12:20
You are absolutely correct about it being an informed guess. I don't think the US and China are cooperating over it though.
We do not want China to exit the debt loop. When that happens, they will be able to nationalize all US and Foreign built capital in one fell swoop.
The US would lose the most important 3-5% of our manufacturing base over night and it would probably deliver a more severe blow to the US than a nuke.
The economic damage from that would sink the west for years.
We'd probably still recover, but it would make the great depression look like child's play and the US would no longer be a global economic super power.
@_date: 2018-06-17 21:49:40
But that is exactly my point, we can't have either system because the state will always decay into tyranny. It has gotten humanity pretty far, but it's time to get off at the next station. Once a system exists long enough for the pattern of that system to be common knowledge is usually when things start to go wrong and we need to find a new system with what we've learned. That is why history is so important. It documents the biggest mistakes that humanity has made so future generations and entire societies can recognize that pattern and learn from them.
So my advice is to forget everything that system has taught me, strip my mind down to first principles (e.g. what my senses detect right in front of me) and use what I have access to to build up my own life and make it as stable as possible.
All land may have been conquered and we may have only touched space enough to realize that we haven't even scratched the surface and won't for many generations, but maybe we have to explore and know ourselves before we can venture out into the final frontier. The exploration of our generations is to figure out who we really are, solve as many problems as we can, and build from there.
The best way I see to do that is to reject relying on this system as a matter of principle, but understand that I will have to rely on it at first. All of the technology to stop exists, and if the conclusion of our generation's exploration of the self is to determine that total self-reliance and independence is the true path to peace, it would seem advantageous to be out ahead of that as far as possible.
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:54:12
And here's the thing. I agree completely with what you are saying, but the distinction I make is one between capitalism and corporatism. Capitalism is just an economic system where exists the private ownership of capital. My understanding of this is that private ownership means the right to exclude, and capital, of course is good that make other goods or (more recently in our society) allow the provision of service for economic exchange.
We were raised in a capitalist society, no doubt, but we are rapidly moving away from that at an alarming rate.
A perspective I want to interject here to clarify my position, I think the biggest mistake that the conservative "mainstream" libertarians make is to hold the left to task for claiming "this isn't true communism" whenever a socialist state fails. I think this fails to recognize the role that statism plays on bastardizing an economic system.
I too would argue that the state we currently live in, while started out capitalistic, has evolved into totalitarian corporatism. Just as the totalitarian leftist state devolves into things like Venezuela, Cuba, and the USSR, the US (and much of the west) is devolving into corporatist totalitarianism.  This is a radical departure from capitalism to the extent that it is very hard to argue we do live in a capitalist society today.
Think about it, you can't "own" a home if you have to pay what is essentially a quit rent to the state. You can't own a business if another party is entitled to an every increasing portion of your wealth, not only through taxation, but also all kinds of bullshit, monetary cup games that are so unbelievably complex that starting any commercial endeavor does not guarantee you will be able to make reasonable predictions about your potential future success, because the foundation of that measure of success for the business (the unit of currency) is constantly being manipulated by massive state and corporate interests, especially that ends up being adverse to economic diversity of ideas. I think your observation of mega-corporate consolidation speaks to that very succinctly.
The thing I think people fail to realize is that corporations are creatures of the state. It is a "soft" subsidy to protect commercial endeavors from full liability, and in a very realistic sense that is somewhat a good thing and has been responsible for a massive growth of economy. I think the reason for that is because it doesn't judge commercial attempts too harshly on their failures, which allows the people engaging in them the opportunity to try again. This is important and profound. However, this can definitely be abused, as many large corporations dedicate massive legal resources to finding ways to leverage "limited liability" for profit, which will necessarily be harmful to society.
So how do corporations get so large that they can do this? This is where I see the flaw inherent with corporatism: perpetual increases in profit. This is one incentive I see as being particularly destructive once the economy gets to a certain level of complexity. The problem with it is there is no such thing as increasing profits in perpetuity. Markets are only so big, and once they are saturated, the incentives to keep increasing profits leads to some very corrupt and destructive things.
Now, I'm not a huge fan of the state, and I see it as somewhat vestigial at this point, but I'm not ready to throw the baby out with the bathwater. Statism has accomplished some amazing things, and is, despite its inherent parasitic nature, has been a good incentive to guide us to where we are now. The problem I see with statism is just as monarchies were not suited for the complexity of the industrialized economy (hence the unimaginably brutal conflicts that most of the monarchies couldn't survive), the current structure of the modern Democratic state is not suited for the complexity of the information age.
So, I see society's current problem as humans not being suited to deal with paradigm shifts this fast, especially the state structures that have served as the scaffolding of the petridish of this experiment in freedom.
So, I think capitalism is not to blame here and I see it as a very dangerous thing to peg it as the source of the issue, just as communism was pegged as the cause of the failures in the societies that experimented with it.
I see the fundamental problem as too rigid and totalitarian of a state, *regardless of the economic system it purports*. 
And when one has a good understanding of the history of the third reich, and the ideological underpinnings it abuses, you come to realize that Nazism prior to the third Reich is ideologically very similar to what the US has developed into. Corporatism keeps economic endeavors under the close watch of the state, and that closeness is used to the ends of having nationalized industry, controls on immigration pegged to economic capacity, the ability to bail out certain industries deemed prerequisite for state existence, etc. We basically accomplished what the third Reich attempted ideologically, but without killing as many people in the transition. This is fundamentally dangerous, however, because using this sytem, the state has still managed to amass too great a portion of the resources necessary to have a stable society.
I think we will see some pretty massive conflicts in our time while we all adjust to the implications of new technology. I see the antidote to that as getting as many people to understand and implement these new technologies in their life in as private, decentralized, and anonymous as they can. And by "use" this technology, I don't mean merely to be on Facebook, use Google, Twitter, and other social media platforms, because *you* can't use *them*. They are using you to inform their model of the world in a way that is shackled by corporatist confines. Society needs to learn how to use information age capital to provide these resources as an extension of themselves to serve their purposes and the purposes of others, rather than be used by them in exchange for fleeting convenience to fuel massive state and corporate interests with all of society's data. I don't think the two Google guys realized how much power they were talking into when they set out to catalog the world's information, but they were a bit naive when they stepped on that ride with the mantra of "do no evil". Evil is rarely the driver of most tragedy. It's underprepared "good intentions".
@_date: 2018-06-17 16:52:14
Nah, normally they post their outrage to Facebook and get the government to pass some law subsidizing the effort it takes to pick up the penny. As usual, the central bank's figure out how to make that legislation a scam that makes penny-pinchers think that picking pennies up is a good idea, but when they go to retire on those pennies, they will have another thing coming.
@_date: 2019-02-13 20:29:02
Ross is in prison for life x 2 + 40 years not because he was an online drug market proprietor that used principles that made sure that people received safe, pure, and inexpensive drugs delivered right to their door. He's in prison for the unspoken crime of undermining and threatening "Democracy." It's right there in the presiding judge's sentencing remarks. There is no due process, and the system is a sham. If you prove to threaten it, it *will* make an example out of you.
Let this be a lesson to all you would-be crypto-anarchists out there.
ENCRYPT AND BACKUP YO' SHIT, AND FOR THE LOVE OF DPR DO NOT ASSOCIATE YOUR ONLINE IDENTITY TO YOUR STATE-GIVEN ONE!!!!
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:07:42
Or OP could just read through some of the Paradise papers for some advice on not getting taxed.
@_date: 2019-02-02 01:12:47
Not everyone can. That's why we hold on to assets, for *future* spending.
Sometimes the future can be harsh and you are happy to have the assets to jettison to hold you over to more prosperity.
I do see your point in that a deflationary asset will tend to only appreciate as no one has the desire to spend it, and this is also true as the number of bitcoin decay over time through lost wallets and what not.
So it is actually quite deflationary, but the market corrects for that as points out. People will just trade it for time value rather than actual value. Discounting something now to get a deflationary asset, if it can stabilize, seems like a good thing to do if the discount doesn't set you back too much.
@_date: 2019-02-07 08:46:34
Just remember how few people actually understand banking and finance and still seem to use it in some manner to meet their needs.
The real trick is those who do understand it will end up wealthy.
@_date: 2019-02-17 02:52:54
Wouldn't that just lead to the same kind of inflation that occurred in Europe after explorers and merchants started bringing gold back from the new world?
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:04:07
Which part are you confused by?
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:59:37
That's actually a great situation to be in.
Just dollar cost average your mortgage payment over each week instead of paying your mortgage.
If you are diligent about that, there should be no reason to kick yourself :)
@_date: 2017-11-17 02:10:09
1 satoshi = 1 candy bar. Extrapolate from there.
@_date: 2017-11-24 14:52:00
Which is exactly what the state forces on the economy when they keep interest rates artificially low and let inflation get out of hand. The reason why this is done is due to a conflict of interest.
The state needs you to spend money because taxes tend only to be collected when money changes hands.
If you earn money, it gets taxed, and then it just sits under your mattress or in you bank account, the state's bottom line is affected. The fact that you aren't spending that money to be received by someone else, and then taxed by the state, they make no money on you just letting your money sit around.
Historically, the signal to save is high interest rates. By saving, you are reaping the benefits of a promise for having greater capital in the future. It is worth it to save because your returns will be worth the wait to spend the money.
However, if society has too much socked away, then deflation becomes an issue because the availability of currency becomes lower with respect to demand, which is then signaled by a decrease in interest rates, which is the market's way of saying "Okay, we don't *need* any more money to lend, so we aren't going to pay as high of a premium on it."
This shifts the consumers incentives from saving to spending and investing.
The incentive to just have the money sitting around if it isn't working for your future becomes less appealing. Once enough spending/investing have occurred, less money is going in to savings, and the market will signal this by raising interest rates again. This all happens as a result of individuals pursuing their own self-interest in optimizing the value of what they have earned. 
When a central authority such as the federal reserve come along and start dicking with the market's signal for savings/spending, it creates an incentive where consumers are acting counter to their own incentives. This is the fundamental problem of state-controlled fiat. The people leveraging labor as their primary means of capital are robbed of the incentive to save, because the state has made it not worth it for them by encouraging more transactions (and therefore more opportunities to collect taxes). By keeping interest rates this artificially low, it is signaling to the market "Don't bother saving, it will just become less and less valuable over time due to inflation (that we also create) so you may as well get out there and spend your money so you see the maximum value." This is destroying our economy and our society, but it's all for a quick buck for a massive empire that can is struggling keeping up with their debts. Enter cryptocurrency: a meaningful way for the average person to check out of the ponzie scheme. The implications of this will echo through generations to come. It will mark a true change in the potential that humanity can achieve when each individual has a meaningful right to protect the results of their productivity. Yes, it's turbulent right now, but if or when it makes it through that, it will be something we have never seen as a species before.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:12:57
This is why holding is the only option for me. I'm not holding out for my bitcoin to be worth $1,000,000/btc so I can cash out. I'm waiting for $1 to be worth 1/1,000,000th BTC because at that point fiat will be worthless and cfyptocirrency will replace it.
The current financial system is ripe for collapse and I don't want to be stuck being a "millionaire" that needs to burn is wealth to stay warm.
I cryptocurrency as a hedge against the government's financial bullshit and just one way of protecting myself from hyperinflation.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:34:28
I misread your initial comment. Yes, in a society where smart phones are still a luxury, cryptocurrencies are not likely an option. That being said, it's much harder for a government to completely fuck up the financial industry when they don't have the benefits of the Information Revolution to do so. I see cryptocurrency as a defensive response to the dangerous and destructive financial industries that have used Information to abuse the societies they exist in. It's a way of objecting to having our financial information used against us to bilk us of our resources.
There are still high levels of disenfranchisement in societies who have not seen the inforev or even an industrial revolution. It is easier to suppress that populace, but they will need to use different tools that are appropriate for their situation.
I'm actually shocked that this is in Texas. This kind of situation seems ripe for investing and turning something like that around.
There seems to be a growning handful of cities who become bankrupt, and this actually makes sense. The next big bubble will probably be caused by unfunded municipal financial responsibility like city employee pensions. There will be a municipal bubble, and unlike the other bubbles we've experienced since the turn of the century will be too big for the government to bail out.
@_date: 2017-11-24 14:25:31
And those people who have those incentives will continue to harden cryptocurrency use under the pressure of state force.
The state can't even stop casual piracy -- specifically because it is decentralizaed and anonymous enough that even catching low-hanging fruit is difficult and isn't worth spending resources on.
The crypto battle will definitely swing between victors, but history has seemed to show that the overall trend in humanity is that we value freedom, and ultimately will get it. It may take a while, it may come at great cost, but freedom to humans is as fundamental a need as love, fraternity, and community -- that is to say, we can go a long time without it, but we crave it and will feel the pangs of being starved of those things to motivate us into action to foster it.
@_date: 2017-11-24 14:31:06
Inflation and deflation are the market's way of regulating when it is better to save or consume. The problem is that we are so used to states artificially controlling that through interest rates and other central banking policies that we don't really have any models to make predictions about a completely free market for mediums of exchange.
This is a completely new and groundbreaking area of economics.
We will wonder how cryptocurrency will contend with all of the known issues with finance, monetary policy, and economics, without any clue how crypto will resolve those issues, only to realize that they issues don't apply to an open-source, decentralized, pseudonymous technology that proves to be very durable against attempted state influence.
People need to consider that the very fact that we don't know what cards are in this deck make it worth fleshing out the implications to their entirety just to see where the chips fall.
My bet is it will be a paradigm change on the scale of the industrial revolution or the internet. It will mark the point where future society will point back to Satoshi's whitepaper and appreciate that as the turning point responsible for what their current reality entails.
EDIT: Thought of a good analogy after I posted this and thought it was worth the edit.
Just as Galileo's major insight was that falling bodies must uniformly and universally accelerate towards each other, but the thing fucking up everyone's intuition about that was the fact that we were trapped in atmosphere which had an influence over resisting bodies of different densities. It took over 300 years to build a vacuum to prove he was right. The major insight from cryptocurrency will be how an economy works without the state having a practical monopoly on the medium of exchange. Once people can see the practicality of cryptocurrencies with the state sequestered from influencing it in any meaningful way, people will quickly see the obvious value in removing the state from such controls over the money supply.
People will suffer as *heretics* at the hands of the current system, but ultimately it will win out.
@_date: 2017-11-24 14:56:21
I agree with this assessment, but just because the value comes down, doesn't mean it will stay down. If the state all of a sudden became really successful at dissuading people from entering into cryptocurrency, it will only be a matter of time until the black-market develops another safe and easy way to access the currency that the state will then have to figure out how to unwind.
It ***will*** be a cat and mouse game for a while, but I think the ultimate winner will land on the side of the decentralized, pseudonymous masses who yearn for freedom. The ones who will truly bear the cost of that freedom are the blackmarket 2.0 operators who take the risks flying in the face of the state's whims. They will take it in the teeth for the rest of humanity, but once they make it through that wall, the floodgates of freedom will rip the luxurious rug of taxation the state has rested its laurels on since the dawn of civilization.
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:29:22
Yeah, those resources are "free", but good luck getting any.
@_date: 2017-11-17 02:18:57
Yeah, and the government uses their monopoly on the money to swindle the wealth created by those goods and services by fucking with the value of the dollar to serve themselves and the corporate interests that can afford to join the gangbang. What BTC offers is those who are productive in the economy to protect the wealth they actually create. This is BTC's inherent value.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:55:36
I think this is demonstrably false. Smart Phones are ubiquitous and we are already seeing massive shifts to cryptocurrencies in some of the poorest countries in the world.
@_date: 2017-11-06 18:03:06
Absolutely evade your taxes.
Fuck them. They take your money and piss in your face. 
You can't match the state's violence, so outright revolution won't work.
They have the media locked down to spin any meaningful use of force against the state, and let's not forget about the 50,000 nukes they have laying around.
Violence is not going to accomplish anything for freedom.
The only meaningful way of objecting to this system is to end their entitlement to your productive labor.
We need to get passed the *scam* that taxes are for *your* benefit. The schools are shit, the police are thugs, the roads are decrepit, the hospitals are bound up by red tape, corporations have near monopolies in any industry where they cooperate with the state's regulatory efforts, and they make us less safe by pissing everyone else in the world off.
Now is the time to understand that the state is not here to help you. It's here to help swindle society of its resources under false pretexts.
You can blame that on capitalism, you can blame that on socialism, you can blame the white supremacists or the BLM, I don't care, as long as we can all start agreeing that it is either 
1. The government causing this
2. The government is unable to prevent it
Therefore it is not fit to exist.
There is no fixing this system, but it is abundantly clear that it does not work for the majority of people who are working to prop this system up.
Don't eat the rich, don''t occupy wallstreet, don't riot or violently revolt. Vacate the State. Stop letting them put their fucking hands in your pocket and removing the gains of the value you offer to society.
Fortunately, we live in a time where tax evasion is easier than ever. The trick is to divorce your personhood from your state documented identity. Anonymity is easier than ever, and there are more tools now to make tax evasion and unlicensed commerce safer and easier than ever before.
It's time to say ***ENOUGH IS ENOUGH*** and meaningfully starve the state of ***OUR*** resources. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:16:25
So you're not confused, you just disagree with what I said.
You assume that just because things are tending to improve, that that rate isn't lower than it would be without all of the financial fuckery the state imposes on the rest of society.
Where do you think people get the money to invest if not from savings?
What do you think happens when interest rates do not incentivize savings, but actually heavily incentivizes spending (especially consumer spending)? Not to mention the fact the state wants the money supply to circulate as fast as possible because they skim a portion of productivity off the top of every transaction they have incentivized through keeping interest rates low.
This creates a situation where eventually the only people who have excess capital to invest are the central banks, who then lend it out to the plebs while siphoning the wealth they create from the business loans.
Cryptocurrency destroys all of that and let's productive people have better control over the wealth they produce.
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:30:18
Being desperate just means you have less to lose by experimenting with what you do have access to.
@_date: 2017-11-17 02:17:15
How can the state, which historically relies on a monopoly on tender, compete with a decentralized technology that will allow anyone to create a better medium of exchange?
Our financial system is an unintended scam for the state to sap resources from society. They will enter the cryptocurrency industry with the intent to do this, but when everything is open-source, psuedonymous and decentralized, why would people let the state take advantage of them by fucking with the value of their currency? States will lose this game. 
For most of our history, we have gotten used to the idea of the state having a monopoly on our money. We are on the cusp of seeing the implications of having a truly free market for money. This will be a paradigm shift the likes of which society saw with the printing press, the internal combustion engine, and the internet. Hold on to your fucking seats.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:40:40


If the government creates a situation where the only people to borrow from, you still see that as voluntary? Yes, you agree to the terms, but you have no other options. This is the opposite of a free market in lending. This gives central banks (as opposed to other forms of banking) a huge advantage by removing other options to borrow money, and thus removes the competitive incentives for lending institutions to offer the best terms to their borrowers.
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:06:10
The longer the state takes to crack down on crypto, the harder it will be for them when they finally do try to, and the destruction from the state's despotism as a result will be minimized.
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:30:25
No, money will still exist. It's fiat financial and banking system that will collapse.
I don't know if it will be BTC, which is why I said cryptocurrency. I hold a handful of cryptocurrency as that I think are likely to outlive fiat, and btc is only one coin in that profile.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:39:11
Yeah, and when they do, people will go back to buying contraband with it until people realize the true value of cryptocurrency is to empower society to take monetary policy away from the state because they have proven they will only fuck it up.
As long as you can buy drugs safely online, cryptocurrency will always have a value.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:23:54
They will trade it. The thing that people forget about currency is that it is an abstraction to keep track of who has produced and who has consumed.
You can't eat bitcoin, USD, or debit cards. Currency is valuable because it allows us to exchange what we have produced for what we need to consume.
Another little known fact is that the market has a built in mechanism (when it isn't being fucked with by Luddite banksters and the state) for determining when to save and when to consume, it's called interest rates. Bitcoin seems to have a way of balancing this without an interest rate, since it is being compared to fiat.
The price of BTC going up reflects two potential facts: the value of BTC has gone up (eg, more people are desiring bitcoin and see the utility in it) or the value of the dollar has gone down (eg demand for dollars has gone down). It's hard to tell which is which, but the price of BTC in USD is a reflection of one or both of these facts.
When BTC has too much demand, it creates an incentive to hold, because already having bitcoin means that the price will go up with respect to the USD, and since you don't know when it will peak, you have an incentive not to buy more, and hold as long as you feel the price will increase.
If everyone who has bitcoin just held it, it would be worthless as a medium of exchange, so what happens to the price if too many people are holding, and new people can't acquire BTC? The price of BTC goes down and causes people to shake some of their BTC loose to new participants in the market either by trading it for USD, or consuming goods/services. If the value of BTC gets too low, then people start buying it at a faster rate, which increases the demand, which drives the price back up.
I don't foresee this being the permanent state of bitcoin. It has yet to reach it's market clearing price (the price at which people buying in is saturated, and the true value of bitcoin becomes apparent as a currency.
Right now it is treated as a speculative asset because no one really knows its actual potential as a currency.
The dust will need to settle before BTC (or any cc) would be valuable as a currency, but one thing is definitely true: BTC has already proved its value as a currency that can challenge transaction censorship.
The black market was the perfect place for BTC to cut its teeth, because if the state can only make an example of a few people, but those examples allowed everyone else tot harden against state attacks, then it is a pretty solid demonstration that you are in complete control of your cryptocurrency. It's not impossible for the state to take it from you, but it is much much safer than dealing in USD.
As long as the blackmarket sees a value in cryptocurrency, it will always have inherent value.
@_date: 2016-02-11 05:07:32
Meant to say "tarnishes", but was on mobile, so it auto-corrected to "tarnished." It seems like an irreverent typo, but the distinction in what I was trying to communicate is that I don't think bitcoin's reputation is irreparably damaged (tarnished), but this kind of behavior does reflect poorly on the bitcoin community by outsiders (tarnishes).  I think that the more paypal tries to fight this, the more it will make mainstream headlines, and thus introduce people unfamiliar with bitcoin to the issue, and thus to bitcoin as well. Their first impressions of bitcoin will be that it is a knock-off of paypal that uses shady advertising practices, rather than it being a wholly different concept all together.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:49:17
I currently use coinbase and have noticed how much their fees add up.
What do you use?
@_date: 2016-02-10 17:26:02
See my comment [here]( for a reply to your first paragraph.
I agree it's not a good thing to do. I think it's kind of trashy, actually. I think in general, it tarnished bitcoin, and at the very least, it is so unclever. 
There are so many ways bitcoin is different than paypal, and there are already plenty of people who couldn't tell you the difference between the two. All this will do is create confusion that bitcoin is essentially a "competing product" with shady business practices, when bitcoin and paypal aren't even the same sport.
If they wanted to parody this add, they should have focused more on how bitcoin is different (opensource, decentralized, etc) rather than just literally showing how paypal and bitcoin are the same.
That being said, the reality of the situation is that it is out there and the more paypal tries to suppress that, the more out of hand it will get.
@_date: 2016-02-11 05:03:05
The point I'm making is that unlike a company that would make a "parody" ad like this, that can be sued and essentially forced to stop through legal means, isn't really recourse in this situation.
Bitcoin is not a centralized entity, and an endless number of anonymous users can keep uploading and sharing the video.
Ultimately, they will not be able to find every individual who participates in the perpetuation of this video, and therefore will not be able to take it down.
@_date: 2016-02-11 06:21:29
I'm not talking about people who knew what bitcoin was previous to hearing about this video. I'm talking about people whose first introduction to bitcoin is hearing news of paypal pursuing the shut down of this video. This relies on the assumption that paypal will fight this and attempt to remove it in a significant way. Often times when large companies spend a lot of legal or financial resources to fight something, it gets discussed in the news. The general public who watch the news are more likely to have their first introduction to bitcoin be in the context of paypal trying to shut down this video. Many of them, curious as to what the controversy is, might try to find the video and see it (even despite paypal's wishes). It's a classic Streisand Effect. The harder paypal tries to fight this, the more drastic the effect will be, the more people will hear about it, the more people will see the video, the greater likelihood of people who are not familiar with bitcoin will be introduced through it. Again, this all relies on the assumption that paypal aggressively pursues the issue.
I'm not saying that this has done any real damage to bitcoin yet, I'm simply speculating that it *can* given a direct correlation between the effort paypal puts into the fight, and the amount of publicity the issue receives.
@_date: 2016-02-10 17:20:37
I'm not saying that there won't be individuals who get caught up in that, but they will be able to get an infinitesimal fraction of people who actually do upload it and share it.
My point is if paypal's goal is to scrub this video from existence off the internet, they have literally no recourse. Legal recourse will likely only draw attention to the issue.
All it will take is someone to put it on a few torrent sites and it will indelibly be on the internet. The more PayPal does to fight that, the more headlines they will make, the more curious users will go searching for the video, the more it will be seen.
@_date: 2012-09-20 23:17:41
Well, sure, when you take that comment out of context of everything I said, and my over all point. However, when you actually read what I said, you'll understand that my point was that it doesn't read like a sob story, what he says matches up with all of the court documents (I can't find the place where *he* scammed a bunch of elderly people out of their savings as I've seen claimed in a couple of places), and he ended up being *offered* (not ending up getting off on a technicality) a deal that was 14 months as opposed to life. So, comparing his story to the government's the facts seem to be lining up, and there are a ton of examples of the government charging people for mail fraud in cases like this (or really whatever they can get). Again, this isn't proof that he isn't scamming people and there are more things to factor in, but the narrative of "He's guilty because this story is exactly what a scammer would do" is complete bullshit. If you are going to be sceptical (as opposed to just acting so) you can't let your narrative direct your interpretation of the facts. You need to have a reasonable amount of consideration for *all* of the facts. 
I personally am not convinced of any position one way or another yet because I don't know all of the facts, but shit like your comment are just wholly unproductive.
@_date: 2012-10-04 19:27:42
I understand your point, but I really only wanted to make a rhetorical quip rather than sit down to have an extended discussion to convince anyone of anything for the time being.
@_date: 2016-02-10 15:22:14
The reality is that it doesn't matter. PayPal can go to the ends of the earth to shut this down, but who are they going to sue, bitcoin? They will have to hunt down each individual user who puts this up, and that is just not feadible. The copyright laws are only as effective as the legal fictions that perpetuate them.
@_date: 2012-09-20 21:48:23
I don't think this is a sob story.  In fact, given how the US Government tends to react to people who find ways around their laws (especially when it comes to unregulated interstate gambling) this sort of trumped up claim actually seems kind of expected. If you actually read the account he explains things quite well. He was facing life in prison without possibility of parole with 23 counts of mail fraud, and then ended up being offered 1 count with 14 months IIRC and this is with a public defender according to him. Prosecutors don't just offer this kind of deal unless they can get info from you (and from the looks of it they already had his father dead to rights) or they know they won't be successful in court so they make a plea quite a bit more attractive. He also mentioned being broke and not being able to fight. This indicates a couple of things to me. First, that the prosecutor didn't have a strong case to implicate him in anything, and two his attorney told him to take the deal instead of going to trial regardless of his innocence. Shit like this is abundantly common in our legal system where people get victimized by the state.
Now, given all of this, it may still be likely that BFL is operating as a scam and their history should be considered. But from what I can see in various threads and third party coverage of their products they seem to have a history of providing the products they are promising. This certainly is a shake up and it will be interesting to see how it resolves but the claim that this is a sob story and that it supports the case that he is guilty of defrauding people is kind of a stretch. If it did happen, then certainly there is better evidence of this.
@_date: 2012-09-05 10:09:06
This is a brilliant scam. So, assume the guy doesn't have the tax returns and his intent isn't to actually extort Mittens, but instead just to get a bunch of random "activists" to make a bunch of small donations worth $1M in bitcoin to his account. Then, of course, he doesn't deliver and makes off with a shit-ton of cash. What a clever bastard.
@_date: 2012-11-19 20:43:54
I didn't submit they were wrong; in fact I suggested the opposite. You can define a word to be whatever you'd like and, provided people know what concept you are pointing to, communication is effective. However, that being the case, it adds little, semantically and rhetorically speaking, since bitcoin is a different form of currency than what we have so far considered to be fiat. You also have to consider the rhetoric entangled with the words that you use, and fiat currency typically has negative connotations ascribed to it because of the failing monetary policies surrounding it. 
Ultimately, you can use whatever words you wish; I can't make you do anything, obviously. However, consider that language is a voluntary process and if you find my reasons to not regard bitcoin as a fiat currency compelling, consider adopting my position. If you don't, that's fine too. Ultimately, if it can be shown (which it can) that bitcoin is fundamentally different as a method to transact wealth than previous currencies (fiat or otherwise) we've used thus far, I think it is fair to classify it differently as well.
@_date: 2012-09-22 10:45:54
Might want to check [this]( out before you mine. 500 Mh/s probably won't even turn a profit at this point.
@_date: 2012-10-30 14:52:53
how would you know that?
@_date: 2012-11-19 14:24:56


I hate to be nit-picky, but bitcoin is not a fiat currency. [Fiat money is defined as "money that derives its value from government regulation or law."](
@_date: 2012-10-04 18:19:57
Maybe against the law, bit it is not a *crime*. Rape is a crime; assault is a crime; theft, murder, and kidnapping are crimes. Exchanging outside the context of the state is just against the law.
@_date: 2012-09-05 17:46:59
I was suggesting that since your proposition relies on a larger number of assumptions it is less likely.
@_date: 2012-11-19 18:46:47
You can use whichever words you like to point to a concept, however, bitcoin isn't currently manufactured or regulated by any government, and it isn't the main currency of any country. It's not fiat. You could define fiat as any man-made currency, but that would depend on your definition of man-made. Raw gold hardly is used as a currency and only until it is minted or stamped. The purity of the gold is often certified by a trustworthy firm that backs the guarantee of that purity. By the time gold is in a condition to be used as a currency, I would say that man has interfered with it to an extent that it that the word "fiat" would apply by the standard of "man-made" currency. So, being that you can define words to mean whatever you wish, it isn't very helpful to consolidate words in such a way that it removes distinctive meaning of those words, since clearly gold and government-created paper currency , and even bitcoin are all separate things. Usually in speech it is helpful to have words that categorize things in such a way that we can, both, describe how they are the same and how they are different. Gold, USD, and bitcoin are all currency, however, they are all also different in their own distinct ways, hence I reject your definition of fiat since it obfuscates meaning, and therefore would submit that bitcoin is not fiat.
@_date: 2012-10-07 14:35:26
Says the person who believes rhetoric is useless.
@_date: 2012-10-05 04:08:58
The idea of crime predates the state, just as the idea of "homesteading", "property", and "social security." The state doesn't predate society, as society would have had to existed before people, you know, formed a state.
@_date: 2018-11-14 23:27:44
But aren't they predictably producing far more big macs than coins?
It would be like having a negative reserve. For every oz of gold, you can only issue 10% of it's value in currency.
But I guess in this case, it wouldn't be the bigmacs themselves that are backing the currency, but the capital and labor producing the stated value of the coin.
I wonder how they are going to protect against counterfit.
Maybe someone should show them that they could do this same thing with blockchain to protect them from counterfit and they can stick it in an app. McCoin.
ICO tomorrow at 2:00 AM GMT. 
@_date: 2012-10-04 19:24:58
Yes, the state can be successful in destroying the meaning of words, but if you consider the history of what *crime* is you'll understand that the concepts of "illegality" and "criminality" are different. 
I expand on this point [here]( in response to another comment.
@_date: 2018-11-14 23:32:49
What's really gonna fry your noodle later is if this post is just some genius guerrilla marketing by some ad agency mcd hired.
@_date: 2018-11-02 16:46:02
A lot of buses are built on the F350 chassis/drivetrain, so you are quite right.
@_date: 2012-10-04 19:23:05
I'm simply making a point through rhetoric. The state often destroys the meanings of words and I think that crime is an example of this. The state has essentially made "crime" and "illegal" interchangeable when they are, as you point out with the difference between malum in se vs malum prohibitum, distinct ideas. The ideas of "government" and "society" have suffered a similar destruction in meaning. The point in illustrating this is to suggest that just because the state says something is *illegal* doesn't mean that it is necessarily *wrong* as the word "crime" or "criminal" would imply. 
@_date: 2012-09-05 10:44:34
[Maybe, but less likely.](
@_date: 2012-10-30 10:01:26


[Apparently this is already happening in Argentina]( and [Business Insider cites the CIA World Fact Book to rank Argentina as the 6th fastest growing economy with GDP growing at a rate of 9.1%.](
@_date: 2012-10-04 19:19:59
Given a statless society, I'm sure the idea of crime will still exist. Crimes are actions that are unethical and create some victim and have the implication of some sort of intent.
I think the word "crime" is like many other words that the state has co-opted and distorted the meaning of.
@_date: 2012-10-05 20:58:00
I didn't say "the word crime" I said the idea of crime. The idea that a person can commit some wrong against the members of the society or culture. This idea does predate the advent of the state.
@_date: 2012-10-06 14:20:43
[Semantics]( [rhetoric]( and [logic]( are things you should consider spending more time studying before following the following line of reasoning:
The idea of solving the problem of having large groups of people living in a common area didn't come about *before* the idea of realizing those problems. People who murdered, kidnapped, and stole (which was a much more severe trespass then than it is today) were a problem before people decided to establish an overriding force over that geological area to dispose of some monopoly on law and "just" force. The *idea* of committing what we now refer to as a *crime* was well considered a problem before people came up with the "solution" to that problem known as a state. The idea of a criminal code was enforced by whatever governing body was established (often influenced by religion which significantly predates the state) for that geographical area is essentially the precursor for law and legal theory. The fundamental problem that I see with this is the establishment of a monopoly on that force and "law." Pretty soon laws can differ from actual crime and you can legislate into the legal code to punish things that are significantly different than the class of things that describe murder, rape, kidnapping, theft, etc.
@_date: 2018-11-14 23:18:02
Or maybe the sub has a sense of humor and self-awareness that they can make a joke like that in jest of what others think of them.
@_date: 2017-09-09 21:37:26
Holy hell there is so much red tape now...I feel like bitcoin has become off course from its original use.
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:16:41
I would if I didn't have so many btc.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:05:55
It'd be pretty hard to do anything about it if you left the country.
Also, it's a parody.
@_date: 2017-09-01 17:25:07
As long as you can safely buy drugs with bitcoin, it will have an inherent value.
@_date: 2012-09-05 22:55:03
Granted, however, it still relies on more assumptions than my proposition.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:27:55
I can agree with that assessment.
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:38:26
And awaayy we go!
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:21:11
More like what piracy did to the entertainment industry. Decentralized anonymous technology will disrupt central holds of power, and it couldn't come soon enough.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:31:46
Bit that's just semantics. Obviously "intrinsic" can have a meaning under subjective circumstances. Food has the intrinsic value created by the fact that they need it. Is it objectively intrinsic? No, I'm sure there are cases where food is not valuable. Would it matter if food didn't exist? If the scope is a universal truth, then no. Maybe life does not matter to the universe and nothing of consequence would change if food didn't exist.
So what is bitcoin's "intrinsic value that causes people to demand it?
Well, like most money, the value is in its ability to operate as a medium of exchange. What is better about it that makes it attractive as an alternative to fiat? It gives the possessor far more control over their privacy, and makes spending inherently censorship resilient.  
There is value subjectively inherent in bitcoin and that offers more subjectively inherent value to it than fiat.
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:34:02


-satoshi-wan kenobi 
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:38:48
Friend of mine was mining bitcoin very early on. By the time it hit $30, he had mined a few thousand bitcoin.
His wife never cared, or understood what he was up to because, come to find out years later, she was cheating on him. In a classy move, she leaves him and takes pretty much everything. Bitcoin isn't mentioned once during the proceedings. She files sometime in fall of 2013 when btc was racing up to $200. It was a really nasty divorce. She tried to take everything from him. Thank God they didn't have kids, because she probably would have gotten them too and it would have broken his heart even more. Anyway, by the time the ink has dried on the divorce papers btc hits its high of $1200. He moves back to chile to be with his parents and uncle since he has nothing here. He sold about 100 btc when it hit $950 on its way back down from $1200.
He lives like a fucking Columbian drug lord and had most of that 95k invested in mining right when the Asics arms race really ramped up. He only pulled out enough btc for his family and his operation to live a comfortabke life on, amd reinvested the rest in mining. He's got well over 4k bitcoin at this point with mining operations I'm China and India. That cheating bitch didn't see a single satoshi because it was a completely invisible asset. He never talked about it with afk friends or family, and he travels the world, lives on the beach on a 40 acre property in the dream home he built, has a new wife, and just had a kid about 6 months ago.
I hope you liked my btc fanfic. Lesson of the story is don't tell people about your btc. /s
@_date: 2018-07-04 02:15:30
Good, that only makes the network more resilient and proves as much.
@_date: 2018-07-04 02:11:53
Probably something along the lines of "I'm a voter!"
Sweet, summer child.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:24:31
Wow. It is insane how much the cost of tech has come down so much. Too bad the days of the Wild West in that industry are practically over.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:02:17
Damn. Too rich for my blood currently. Do you use it commercially, or is it just for private storage?
@_date: 2015-09-01 16:22:32
What does the rack space cost you, if you don't mind me asking? I was looking to set up something similar.
@_date: 2011-10-29 00:56:01
Then according to you, science would be invalidated. It, too, is based on fundamental axioms, like the scientific method being the best way to introduce new knowledge or overturn poor knowledge. Or what about geometry? Or large portions of mathematics. An axiom isn't simply a statement you make and take for granted. It is found to be a fundamental truth. Keynesian economics doesn't adjust based on how individuals in a society behaves, and doesn't take into account actions of individuals that are made without perfect knowledge. The method in which Keynesian econ is applied is, if society isn't obeying the rules of economics, then obviously the government isn't using enough force in the right places to incentivize them to behave according to the rules of economics. 
The only things Austro-econ posits is the idea that individuals own their bodies and have a right to property as a result of just labor, and *tend* to make decisions that serve their best interests based on the information they have. Everything else that is derived from this school of thought is a logical deduction, which are subject to peer review and scrutiny, as well as repeatability. You can't subject the rules of mathematics to experimentation. We take the idea of a point, and define it, and use the idea that two connected points make up a line segment, and so on. You can't refute that people (as individuals) exist, and that by definition, they are individuals. With perfect information, you can observe that they will tend to behave in their best interests, and if they are unable to, they are, by definition misinformed or have erred. But if they seem to, from time to time, act as if they are not behaving logically, wouldn't it seem more rational to assume there is something you don't know about their decision that only made them appear to act illogically, rather than having perfect information of the circumstances of their decision?
You also use 'heterodox' as if it is an insult, but all that simply means is that it is not in academic vogue at current. To that I say, Economists in the main stream have no incentive to adopt Austrian economics in this given climate, because most econ jobs are government funded (either working for the administration or working in academia where a large portion of funding comes from government). The government has an interests in serving itself (as it too is comprised of individuals doing what is in their best interest) to the ends of getting more money, more power and more control. They may not do this with malice, but it is shown over and over that it causes harm.
In regards to testing Austrian Economics, it is simple. You test it the same way you would any social science. You have to account for as many things as you can about a given circumstance, and make a prediction of how that circumstance will end. 
Keynesians were unable to predict the great depression, nor were they able to correct it after it occurred. They weren't able to predict the .com bubble, or the housing bubble, or stagflation in the late 1970's to the early 1980's. This is something that Austrian Economists such as Milton Friedman, Ludwig Von Mises, Friederich Hayek, and even business men who simply understand Austrian Economics like Peter Schiff were able to do. Accurately predict financial crisis based on the actions of the government on behalf of advice from the Keynesians. Not only are they able to call out when things are going to go bad, but also determine how things get better when things move in a more austrian direction. Take India and Japan moving out of their isolationist economies and using things like comparative advantage and free trade during the middle of last century, or Hong Kong industrializing and having free trade through it's ports. These weren't cases where the government used more force to ensure Keynesian economic policies. These were often cases where the government didn't even have enough resources to control the economy.
We could argue about the value of which school of economics for literally decades, as has been done with still no resolution. Simply put, I tend to subscribe to austrian economics because it allows much more freedom for the individual, and that is important to me. There you go; that is my bias. Even aside from all of that being said. Bitcoin is simply a currency, and people shouldn't get all pissy about who with what political ideals is using it. If it benefits you, then use it. 
@_date: 2011-10-26 04:21:54
Why Austrian economists in quotes?
@_date: 2016-10-13 23:10:07


Emphasis on *Manager*...so probably not the CEO.
@_date: 2011-08-30 04:28:19
Not to mention the sunk costs of getting into mining into any meaningful capacity. Most people don't have the computer hardware to mine even an infinitesimal amount of bitcoins, given a difficulty of 1.8 million. I have a couple of 6970's that I bought a few months ago to start mining, and I mint about 15 bitcoins a month, but I easily pick up an extra $100-200/mo just from day trading alone, which is way more than I get from selling the coins I mined.
@_date: 2016-10-13 23:08:49
Death by [Snu-snu!](
@_date: 2011-10-26 10:57:42
Then why not Austrian "economists?"
@_date: 2018-04-25 01:51:09
Yeah, the global, agorist crypto economy would like a word with you.
Just because *you* don't use it as a currency doesn't mean it isn't used that way.
Crypto is a class of its own. It has properties that are similar to currency, investments, and commodities, but it also has properties that is different from those things.
This is uncharted territory, and our current culture has yet to develop a good grasp on the underpinnings of the implications that crypto will have on society.
We are living in a time where we now realize a new possibility and like with pretty much every modern field of science, are approaching the realization that our current models of economics and finance are incomplete.
I also do not use it as a currency, and I also don't solely hold bitcoin.
I think of Crypto as the financial instrument that is emergent from the information age, just like stocks (or at least common stocks) were the financial instrument that emerged from the industrial age.
People will probably lose a lot of money, but the ones who lost the most during the crash of the 20's were the people day trading.
Most of the people who invested in a diversified portfolio of stocks in the 20's, and managed to hang on to them through the depression might have had a few stocks end up being toilet paper, but many of the companies weathered the depression and ended up being very valuable.
I can't tell the future, but that pattern seems too close to be coincidental, especially when you saw similar things happen when humanity transitioned from an agrarian economy to an industrialized one.
My plan is to do my research, invest widely, in small amounts, and frequently, and then not really think about it until it's time to retire. I have other investments as well to rely on for that in case crypto doesn't pan out for one reason or another, but I really doubt smart contracts aren't going anywhere, so my money is on shit be changin', yo.
@_date: 2016-10-07 07:09:34
No, because the data is still stored on central servers. Accepting bitcoin doesn't automatically make a resource decentralized.
@_date: 2011-10-26 04:49:15
I don't see why there is so much contention about what "types" of people use bitcoin. If any given individual user sees a benefit in using bitcoin, they should use it. This is akin to saying that you shouldn't use cash because someone you politically disagree with uses cash. It's simply a medium of exchange, and granted it's not useful for everyone right now, but that is what the community should be focused on, not which political factions find use out of it currently.
Full disclosure: I am a libertarian, and believe that commerce is the truest and most practical way to peace and productivity. People will fight for many reasons, but they are much less likely to do it if they are financially interdependent with the person they want to swing the axe against. With this in mind, there is no reason why the bitcoin community can't pursue their own individual interests to allow bitcoin to  evolve into a platform that many many more people can find use in, and even to such an extent that it becomes a mainstream currency. 
@_date: 2011-10-30 11:20:52
TL;DR "STOP LIKING THE THINGS I DON'T LIKE!!!!!" is childish. If you get utility out of bitcoin, then you should use it regardless if people you disagree with politically use it as well.
@_date: 2015-11-12 22:12:17
The problem is that this would probably only create a really large incentive for the state to make sure no one is every found innocent. Keep in mind that the same organization that is charging you is also paying the Judge's salary. This is something that is not often discussed, but it is the definition of *conflict of interest* and is an implication you are stuck with when you have an organization that has a monopoly on law in a given geographical area.
You'd think it would only make the state more selective about the cases they take, but the incentives against prosecutors for career purposes will probably override that.
@_date: 2015-11-12 22:08:46


-Judge Katherine Forrest
This was never going to be a fair trial since what he created challenged the state's authority. This is one of those cases where any link in the chain of justice is going to contort jurisprudence with an astounding level of legal gymnastics to make an example out of him. If he ever is heard by the Supreme Court it will be just as disappointing and only serve to have a negative affect on future cases like this.
The good news is it doesn't matter because the bell he sounded cannot be unrung. People know what's up. The first through the wall always takes it in the teeth, but they leave behind an indelible opportunity for all of us.
@_date: 2015-11-12 21:52:27
I used to work for a PD as a 911 dispatcher. I often did ride-alongs with various different units. The Drug Enforcement Unit made me fucking sick. They were all full well aware that it costs about $20K to fight any civil asset forfeiture case. They targeted people who could clearly not afford to fight that and tried to take things that were not quite worth that $20K value, unless it is a very clear cut case like a drop house or a drug bust.
When I saw this in action I couldn't fucking believe it. I knew about CAF but not enough to see how egregious it could be. I was incredulous and asked about it further -- "What kinds of checks or oversights are there to prevent a cop from just taking whatever they wanted for the department?" "What recourse other than hiring an attorney and going to court does an *innocent* person have to get their property back?" Etc.
I was pretty much told that no such oversight existed, and they pretty much had free reign. There is also no such formal recourse, and a person who has been the victim of CAF may not ever be proved innocent, since there is no requirement for the police to charge the person with a crime, so there is no determination of their innocence. I've seen traffic stops where the driver was politely refusing to answer questions that turned into Drug Enforcement coming out, "searching" the car with a K9 that alerted with a lead positive and all of a sudden the police are the proud owners of a relatively new, slightly used Honda Civic.
I have a lot of minarchist libertarian friends who believe that they have rights when it comes to the police. I tell them to be cautious with that because you have just about as many rights with the police as you do your local friendly neighborhood gang. The best thing to do when dealing with the police is surreptitiously record (if you state legally permits it), be very polite and do what you can to give away as little information as possible. Don't incriminate yourself, but don't come off as unresponsive. Pretty much lick their fucking boot because you will regret it if you don't. Unless you are willing to stand up through a legal fight, have the resources to support that fight, and are willing to end up in prison with nothing, you are better off just trying to avoid them like you would a Crip. You will not win on the side of the road. All you can do is hope that if a cop does violate your rights, is that they don't kill you, and that you have solid, irrefutable evidence that they did so.
@_date: 2015-11-12 21:56:17
That isn't going to stop the state from punishing you either way. Having two wallets, one that contains your actual wealth, and one that contains a small amount, will give you plausible deniability. But at this point most state agents aren't expecting people to have a majority of their assets in cryptocurrency, so they would probably just look at you like you are poor and treat you like scum anyway.
@_date: 2015-10-10 00:13:06
How have you been?
@_date: 2015-11-12 22:00:03
I'm really bummed that Ross wasn't better with opsec. How awesome would it have been if all the FBI was able to seize was an encrypted drive with all of his bitcoins on it, and then he had an encrypted backup stored elsewhere that his attorney could access as needed.
It would have shown the state to be entirely ineffective in controlling his assets and that would have probably been the best advertisement for bitcoin you could have gotten.
"Oh, yeah, you got me! Anyway, let's talk bail. $50 Million!? Oh darn, I don't know how I'll ever come up with that. Oh, my attorney just posted that bail from all of my "anonymous supporters throughout the globe."
\&gt;smuggled out of the country the next day.
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:46:04
Making tax evasion and unlicensed commerce as safe from prosecution as a speeding ticket, and as simple as sending an email will likely bring the state to their knees. Hope it pans out.
@_date: 2015-11-24 13:47:36
I guess for me, it is nice to know these things exist. Part of how societies descend into chaos when the state they live under gets financially unstable is that they stop having incentives to be productive because the currency they work for is no longer worth anything. People stop being productive, it becomes harder for individuals in society to meet their needs. Needs become harder to meet, people get more violent to meet those needs. People get violent, chaos ensues, there is now a demand for a new state.
If people were able to skip that stage, and still have a convenient and safe way to transact, they might still have an incentive to stay productive.
Early adopters are going to take in it the teeth in terms of volatility and inconvenience, but they are laying the groundwork for everyone else to be able to jump the fiat ship when it sinks.
@_date: 2015-11-12 21:28:27
This is why property should be considered to be an extension of a person. 
 If you believe the following:
 * that a person owns themselves (meaning they have a right to exclude access to their body) 
 * and by extension, a person owns their labor (meaning they have a right to choose what endeavors they apply their efforts towards)
then the following would also stand to reason:
 * that a person who endeavors to either improve something from a previously unowned state in nature (homesteading) 
 * or engage another person (who has the same rights) to exchange their efforts or the products of their efforts,
would have the same rights to choose access of their body and their labor over the property they have acquired by using either of those rights.
This gives you a solid foundation for each type of crime that can be committed:
 * Murder, assault, battery, etc are all crimes that violate the right of self-ownership by interfering with a person's right to choose who has access to their body
 * Kidnapping, slavery, coercion, fraud, etc are all crimes that violate the a person's right over their labor by forcing them to endeavor in efforts they would not otherwise take on voluntarily
 * Theft (and theft through fraud), trespassing, burglary, vandalism, etc are all crimes that violate a person's right over property by withholding their access to it (either through rivalrous possession or destruction) or interfering with a person's right to exclude access to that property.
There are obviously a lot of other things that are illegal and considered "crimes" by the state, but then you get into a very ideologically inconsistent (and most often flat out contradictory) mashball of bullshit. I pretty much only stick to these three categories that are logically implied by those three basic rights. 
That being said, Asset Forfeiture that is beyond any scope other than making a victim whole (eg I stole $10,000 from you, and those assets were seized from my control and placed back into yours) is essentially theft, and in many cases fraud, kidnapping, extortion, etc.
Any property in your possession, as far as the state is concerned, should be considered your property until *they* can prove otherwise. This is just a bullshit loophole where they get to violate your rights through semantic games. It's wrong, it's destructive, it undermines pretty much every personal right an individual can have, and it needs to stop.
@_date: 2016-05-10 00:01:09
I was mostly being tongue in check, but don't get me wrong: people do end up getting punished by the state. A lot, in fact! However, if you were to take the percentage of people who ended up in prison compared to the number of people who use an illicit substance on a frequent basis, the state just does a very poor job of enforcement. Obviously that percentage gets much higher if you control for things like race, socioeconomic status, etc.
Things in life get much easier when you realize that not only is the state terrifying, but also incompetent and inefficient.
@_date: 2011-10-26 11:13:55
I think not only have Keynesian's not proven to be stable, but they have proved not to be stable. Keynesian econ was founded and based on models that completely disregard individual preference and places an emphasis as to "what would be most efficient for society to do." The extrapolation of this is when society doesn't behave according to the Keynesian model it gets "corrected" to those models using government interference and force.
Austrian econ is based on Praxeology which uses a set of definitions, logical axioms and theorems to talk about and analyze human behavior, without trying to predict or influence it. Like anything that starts with axioms (take geometry for instance) it's based on several starting points that are inferred to be universally true (like self-ownership) and those starting points can be debated, but usually comes down to semantics. Similar to geometry, you can argue whether the concept of the point is a useful thing for reality (like self-ownership) but it can't be soundly argued that nothing useful is derived from the idea of the point, even if it can't be demonstrated to exist.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:36:01
Sorry in advance for the wall of text. This topic is something I'm very passionate about.
Probably, but that assumes the state can maintain a monopoly on money. The other thing to consider is when it comes to technology, the state often acts far too late. By the time they try to fix the problem they are running into, they will have lost such a grasp. 
It takes resources (which USD currently translates into) in order to collect taxes and enforce tax compliance.  Ultimately, the forces acting against them that will probably end up bankrupting the US Gov't (and whatever smaller layers of government that are heavily subsidized by it)are three fold:
1. More than likely, what the state will do is what they always do -- try to inflate their way out of the problem. They pump more money into the economy to try to wiggle out of debt they have accumulated (like social security, medicade, medicare, treasury bonds, foreign debt, etc). The problem with that for them is that when they go to collect those same dollars in taxes, they are worth significantly less, and therefore do not provide them the same resources as in previous tax years.
2. As the dollar becomes weaker and weaker, people will likely be using it less in cases where they have more secure, convenient, and reliable forms of currency. I know cryptocurrencies are unstable now, but when inflation gets bad enough that your savings is wiped out, or you simply cannot conveniently purchase anything with it, the alternative will either stabilize, or simply seem still a better alternative despite stability issues. The state will then have to very rapidly raise other forms of taxes which will become very difficult to collect. The reason why the state heavily relies on income taxes is because of the witholding system. This was designed by Milton Friedman himself to solve the costs of tax compliance during the war. It is far more expensive for the state to rely on people to pay them after they receive that money because more than likely they will value their money more than they value whatever services the state claims to provide. So, the costs of enforcing tax compliance go up, and tax evasion becomes even easier for the typical American.
3. As of current, the US govt's budget is about 50% income from taxes, tariffs, and investments, and the rest is borrowed. Governments get their ability to borrow money because they are seen to be a very secure form of investment. After all, they are one of the only institutions you can invest in that will return your money from a guarantee of force. However, if a government is seen to not be able to force its population to pay taxes very effectively, people will be less likely to lend money to that government, which then, in turn fuels the acceleration of their difficulty to afford tax compliance, and it turns into a feedback loop until they are effectively broke. They will have trillions upon trillions of greenbacks -- but won't be able to garner any resources with them, which is why money is valuable.
So, to recap if the state can't maintain a monopoly on the money supply, they will try to inflate it at first to make up the difference, cause fewer people to use that currency, thus devaluing it more, have a more difficult time collecting taxes, which makes it harder to borrow money, which makes it even harder to enforce tax compliance, which will likely cause them to inflate even more, thus repeating the cycle. Eventually they may see that they can no longer garner tax compliance through typical means, so raise it in other areas, but those areas are *even more expensive to collect*, and by the time they try to ban cryptocurrency, it will be like trying to enforce against media piracy, there will simply be too many individuals participating in it that they will never be able to strike an effective blow. Even if you take out the added security and anonymity that cryptocurrencies offer.
The only real power the state has against an individual is their identity, the ability to seize their assets, and the ability to seize their freedom. The fewer resources the state has to control those three things, the harder it will be for them to do so, and eventually they will lose enough power that they will cease to possess control over the geographical area.
@_date: 2016-05-09 20:30:14
And how would this be any different? It would give the state another imperative that will end up lining political pockets while actual users of encryption will carry on, business as usual.
@_date: 2017-07-26 06:49:42
It wasn't crowdfunded, so no ICO took place.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:26:31


Ha. I totally missed that you were quoting me and injected your own frame of intent into my quote.
I just read it as "you" (meaning me) being sardonic.
Long day.
Anyway, cheers.
@_date: 2016-05-09 20:31:00
That is probably the one consistent stance she both preaches and practices...which is why she may get indicted.
@_date: 2017-07-26 16:21:23
I'm not saying it doesn't, but you asked how bitcoin was different than ETH, and I stated the difference.
EDIT: Additionally, as pointed out in the definition, let's look at the elements of the definition of a security:
 1. a fungible, negotiable financial instrument
 2. that holds some type of monetary value
 3. It represents an ownership position in
    a. a publicly-traded corporation (via stock), 
    b. a vreditor relationship with a governmental body, OR
    c. a corporation (represented by owning that entity's bond
 4. or rights to ownership as represented by an option."
Bitcoin definitely meets elements 1 &amp; 2, but does not meet elements 3 or 4.
Based on the structure of the definition, it appears that 1 &amp; 2 *must* at least be met in order to be considered a security, but also at least 3 *or* 4 (but not necessarily both).
So, I'm not a lawyer, and my legal conclusions are probably not valid, but based on *this* definition, bitcoin *may* not even be a security.
This also relies on the government to consistently apply their own definitions, which they don't, so i don't expect them to. At the end of the day, if they say it's a security, they will treat it as such, and there is little else anyone can do, except develop proper opsec when handling their crypto's, which, actually, turns out to be a lot you can do about it.
So, I'm not saying the state won't treat it like a security, I'm just saying based on *my* interpretation of the definition (for what that counts for), it doesn't appear to be.
Either way, what I pointed it is one difference between ETH and BTC.
@_date: 2017-07-26 05:56:19
It makes me happy to still see this voice in this sub.
@_date: 2017-07-28 08:06:14
You're right, it did fail me. I remember the losses in dollars (about $50) better than I remember the number of coins and their price at the time I lost them.
Either way, it was just enough lost to impress a valuable lesson on me.
@_date: 2017-07-26 20:21:37
Wow. Your replies make sense now. I didn't realize the intent you were assuming on my behalf.
I don't really have a view point that I'm trying to force, but I do kind of see it like this:
 * Cryptocurrency in general is great, because anyone can use various properties to try to solve different market problems.
 * People are used to having a near monopoly on currency, so they get weirded out by the idea that any schmuck can just start up his own currency, but I see this as a valuable property of cryptocurrency. It's the first time common people have had a free market for currency.
 * The SEC, definitions aside, are pretty much going to do whatever they do. They will try to regulate things they don't understand the implications of, and fail to realize that this regulation is futile. I've even so much as said this in my prior comment


I genuinely did not reply with any sardonic intent.
I was earnestly answering what I thought was a genuine question.
Maybe I'm naive, but I really did not see your question as simply rhetorical to point out why was over simplifying it. Maybe it's less that I was being cynical, or forcing a viewpoint, and more that your rhetoric was just not obvious enough.
I cite others' replies to the same comment as evidence of this, as they too tried to offer a genuine answer.
As far as the SEC is concerned, I'm sure they will make whatever generalizations or distinctions that best serve their interests and will probably do so at the expense of consistency or logic without any hesitation. My point is, is that the nature of cryptocurrency allows us to not really give a shit what the SEC thinks, because the underlying technology of cryptocurrency was specifically designed *not* to be regulated. It is decentralized, anonymous, and open-source for a reason. These are the three pillars of a truly free society, and cryptocurrency rests on those three pillars.
@_date: 2017-07-26 06:59:23
At the end of the day, cryptocurrencies are a way of the masses keeping wealth  that the government isn't guaranteed to get its hands on in some way.
For every regulation they throw at it, people will just create new tools to get around it. 
Your identity is the leash that the state has to keep people in check. If you can act separate of your identity, the state will be unable to pursue you. If assets can't be tied to your identity, the state can't force you to turn them over.
I say let these despots play in their legal fictions, crypto currency is here to stay and it is the beginning of the end of their bullshit.  
@_date: 2017-07-28 07:42:45
Because if you rely on someone else to hold your wallet, they may as well not be your coins.
I was bitter when I lost 5 btc at like $10/btc went mtgox went under. I could not imagine how pissed I'd be if I lost what I had now because I let some other company hold on to them for me.
@_date: 2017-07-26 19:31:48
Yeah, I've read it.
is saying that ETH is like buying a stock, and that they are hoping it will increase in value.
You replied asking how bitcoin is different.
In the context of what appears to be relevant, the difference is that ETH was structured in a way that the SEC believes subjects it to regulation. 
What I understood your reply to yoda meant was that by his interpretation, how is bitcoin different, in that it is subject to the same regulations that the SEC is "warning" applies to ETH.
My response was an explanation of what that difference was.
Maybe there is something I am missing? 
@_date: 2016-07-27 22:44:10
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Based on how you've replied, I feel like we aren't actually communicating. How you've expressed your interpretation of what I said seems very different than what I'm stating.
For instance, I haven't said we aren't better off now than we every have been, and tend to agree that things in most areas of are life are considerably better for the average person. That doesn't mean there isn't room for improvement.
I also haven't said that crime isn't a problem, just one that it is one that could be solved without a monopoly on law. Look into Polylaw, if you are interested in some examples of what I am referring to.
I never claimed to have a plan, but I am also skeptical of anyone who claims to have a plan for society. There are far too many individuals with their own needs, wants, and incentives to calculate which direction to move society into. That leads me to the conclusion that people pursuing their own needs and wants according to *their* incentives, rather than the incentives that a centralized organization provides for them, would be a worthwhile thing to achieve for society.
@_date: 2016-07-27 02:19:57


There are certainly things the state does that benefit some, but it's usually at a disproportionate cost. The mechanisms of the state are really good at hiding the costs of externalities. Again, I don't think this is a nefarious thing. I just think that we expanded the concept of a system that worked at the time too far. Now that it is obsolete, *and we have the technology to solve pretty much all of the coordination problems the ideas of statism set out to resolve* I advocate moving away from it.
The problem is that because the state is structured on non-voluntary participation within it's claimed geographical area, and moving to another geographical area only binds you to a different states rules, the trick becomes how to do that.
The best way I've seen is through trying to live under a state that permits the most freedom for the things you are interested in, or good at, and do the best you can to participate in agorism in a safe manner.
@_date: 2016-07-27 17:47:13
You could say the same of slavery as a human institution, but once the west hit the industrial revolution, slavery fell away. At a certain point, it just wasn't as efficient to have to board, feed, and control men as though they were cattle. When the productivity of one man using a machine was 10-fold that of a man working by hand, slavery just kind of slipped away.
That is why you still see slavery in parts of the world who have either barely just started their industrial revolution, or are still decades away from it.
Slavery, like the state, worked at the time lacking any better options. The philosophical rigor for *why* slavery is wrong goes back at least to the time of Aristophanes (~400 BC). It wasn't until technology took root to change the incentives of men to use a more efficient option.
And like the state, the philosophical rigor exists for why *it* is wrong, and like the reasoning for why slavery is wrong while it was still widely used, that rigor is ignored.
We live in a time where the technology exists to move away from the state, and even today are doing so very rapidly, even if it is not something that is seen or acknowledged by most people, and even if the state is seen to be something that is becoming more an more powerful.
Also, I agree with you that society has improved immensely, and even state institutions have improved. An individual living today has far more access to their government today than most humans living under a state at any point in human history. That access is mostly a charade, and relatively meaningless when trying to gain traction within the state, but it is still *vastly more.* This, to me, speaks to how disconnected the state is from the needs of society, but I can't deny that it definitely has improved.
The current state has permitted more individual's control over their lives than at any point in history through some form of democracy, because the state holds the ideals of individual liberty up to some level of importance. I think this is good, but the ultimate goal would be to permit absolute autonomy of the individual, and all individual interactions are done on a voluntary basis, absent of systemic coercion.
Obviously there will still be crime in any society, and those are obviously not voluntary transactions, but dealing with an individual thief is easy to resolve. Dealing with a thief who has systemic control over the economy you function in, the currency you use, the blanket laws, too numerous to count, too complex to interpret, that you must live by, that entrenches their entitlement to school your children to perpetuate its religion. A thief who holds monopoly on the mechanisms of redress and justice, and whose armed forces hold a monopoly over your "protection"...That's a tough thief indeed.
@_date: 2016-07-25 22:56:32
At which point you point to bitcoin and suggest that you earned your wealth by mining or speculating. Taking a few reasonable and cautious actions would not leave any evidence to the contrary, and it is not illegal to have made money from bitcoin.
That being said, the authorities are going to do whatever they want anyway, so it is best not to draw their attention.
@_date: 2016-07-25 22:38:18
Probably not without a paper trail, but if that paper trail doesn't lead anywhere meaningful, or really anywhere towards you, then 6 of 1.
@_date: 2018-12-22 01:28:17
I second tails. It feels a bit primitive since it skimps on a lot for the purposes of security, but it does come with electrum, it is fully encrypted when you set up persistence, and comes with a lot of really handy security tools, that are all very well audited, open-source, and secure.
I've even migrated managing my fiat finances from a separate tails live usb. I have different, randomly generated passwords for all of my financial accounts stored in keePassX, and it makes it very easy to change them every 3 months.
I also have multiple backups on other usb drives, so in the event my primary gets lost, stolen, or destroyed, I am protected against unauthorized access, and can't be deprived my data either.
I'm also able to keep a private ledger of my finances, so when I do banking, I can easily do my finances real quick while I'm on that tails usb. It took me a couple of weeks of a learning curve, but once I got it set up, the habits sank in, and now it is very easy to manage my fiat and crypto finances very securely, and with much less effort than before I organized them.
@_date: 2016-07-26 19:18:57


The post was already pretty long, so I was trying to avoid writing a dissertation. I think the quoted section above did a pretty adequate job of indicating that different actors operating within the state all have different incentives. It may have been a bit hand-wavy, but again, I was already trying to keep it short while representing a complex idea.
I believe that generally you can attribute the general goal of state leadership to more money, more power, but obviously each individual person is going to have their own incentives. And I don't necessarily assume this to be a nefarious thing. I believe that people in state leadership *believe* that what they are doing is truly best for society, and that if they *just* had a bigger budget and more authority over their scope of society, they could *truly* be the ones that make society better.
There definitely are corrupt politicians who scheme and plot, but I don't need to develop conspiracy theories to show that the state is harmful when the fact that the "angels" of government are harmful enough with their good intentions. It's easier to just take it as a given that they truly want to help, because it is still so easy to show why even that is destructive.  Misguided and good-hearted can be just as dangerous as self-centered and evil, if not more.
@_date: 2016-07-25 22:52:55
Only if you are depositing it into a bank, not if you are keeping it as cash.
The laundering would be selling $1,000,000 worth of heroin in bitcoin, and then turning small bits of it into cash and telling people that you got it from mining or speculating bitcoin. Since there is a plausible deniability of the paper trail that demonstrates this, you are probably pretty safe.
The structuring is more to do with depositing funds to a federal bank or credit union with the intent of avoiding the &gt;$10,000 deposit reporting requirement. Someone who deposits $9,999.99 every week for a month is going to require their bank to fill out some forms to notify the IRS of "suspicious activity." The IRS then may work with various law enforcement agencies to look into you to try to get a warrant to seize your funds. By law, your bank is prohibited from notifying you of any of this.
This often results in money laundering convictions, but is not technically one in the same.
So a drug dealer who just sold a million dollar shipment of heroin, and is stupid enough to try to deposit it into a bank in chunks &lt;$10K at a time, is still going to draw attention to themselves. A drug dealer who sold a million in heroin for bitcoin in an online drug market, but is cautious, can probably just deposit a couple thousand every week, and use cash for everything else, and it probably won't be seen as too suspicious.
This will only permit you to enjoy a certain percentage of your wealth. You aren't going to be jet-setting at this level, but you are also not a drug dealer who would be low hanging fruit for the DEA to pick off.
If someone got suspicious about where you got your money, you can just point to bitcoin, and assuming you have tumbled your coins, and taken a fair number of reasonable steps to keep your illegitimate activities away from your legal identity, there is no real way to determine where you got the source of your income and any lawyer worth his salt can probably get you walking from any accusations to that effect.
@_date: 2017-06-10 15:22:57
The period of time humans will remain interested in buying safe, clean drugs from reputable sources in a manner that is anonymous enough to prevent them from being thrown in a rape cage.
It's clear that bitcoin has a lot more to offer than that, but think of online drugs as the gold that backs the value of bitcoin ;)
@_date: 2018-12-07 23:27:24
Same thing happened in 1929.
@_date: 2016-07-26 04:11:37
Essentially. A mafia sanctioned by the religion of democracy.
@_date: 2018-12-31 15:20:53
I would say cryptocurrency in general. Bitcoin has huge infrastructure flaws, and there have been much better coins that have come along that solve those problems and use compute power as something of value rather than just turning electricity into heat.
That being said, I do see a place for Bitcoin, it just won't be for daily transactions. I would never sell my bitcoins, but for now, I'm investing in other CC's that actually directly solve a problem other than just being a medium of exchange. That is where I see a free market in currency ultimately heading. Think of it like the advent of stocks where each corporation could raise funds for an agreed upon set of operational rules with the intent to generate wealth.
I see cc as operating the same way, except it lacks the statist constraints of stocks based on fiat, does not require incorporation, and can be held and traded anonymously. The rules are programmatically certain and conflicts can be arbitrated with very few resources.
Bitcoin is to cryptocurrency as dialup is to the internet. Better things are coming.
@_date: 2013-04-07 15:49:29
You did read the part where I prefaced my statement with "I'm sure if bitcoin ***GAINED MAINSTREAM USE***" didn't you? Provided it did, I'm sure insurance companies would see a way to make profit off of insuring it like they do now with cash on hand with businesses.
@_date: 2013-06-04 12:43:55
I don't mean to generalize blame on everyone in previous generations. This is the perverse nature of conflating society with government. In reality, those at fault are those in government who made these decisions. The real solution to this is our generation creating enough independent wealth (meaning wealth the state can't steal and squander) to take care of ourselves and our elders. It's a shame that you were forced your whole life to pay into a giant ponzi scheme and you won't see anything from it. That is just the nature of government.
@_date: 2013-04-16 04:36:26
I wish more people in this community understood futures and options (maybe some other derivatives). These are things that really help to stabilize prices.
Here are a couple of videos from Salman Khan explaining options:
@_date: 2013-01-30 11:45:54
How would you propose making them do that? The state forces companies to comply in pretty much one of two ways: They threaten to seize their funds and assets, or they threaten to start throwing members of that corporation into a cage.
If there is no identity required to be attached to bitcoin, it would be quite difficult to force them to do anything. However, many large corporations may elect to do this simply for the sake of their share holders, but that doesn't mean you couldn't operate a rather large entity under the state's nose without registering it. It would still have to be laundered once you actually use those bitcoins and expose that wealth buy converting currency into goods, but even then, it might be difficult for the IRS to get a hold of you if you avoided banks.
@_date: 2013-12-11 00:54:32
And even if that were the case, it's not like it would be easy to apply patent law to something like bitcoin anyway. Who are they going to sue? It would end up exactly like p2p file sharing did and there isn't really shit that can be done about it.
@_date: 2013-08-27 19:30:21
I can't think of a better opportunity to demonstrate how vapid their legal fictions are. Let them regulate it so we can shovel a metric fuck-ton of egg on their face when real bitcoin users fly in the face of those regulations and show how naked the emporer actually is. 'You can't do that! That isn't regulatoraly compliant!" Well good luck finding out who I am to effectively enforce your rape-cagey fairy tails against me.
@_date: 2013-04-16 18:36:09
Unless you are in Heyooo.
@_date: 2013-08-07 17:34:59
"If you believe man needs government because he is morally weak, you must reject the idea of government on those grounds alone. Where are these angels -- these men of a finer clay -- that will come govern us despite our flaws."
I'm sure I'm botching the quote, but similar sentiment and too lazy to look it up.
@_date: 2013-04-07 03:23:18
In the US FDIC only guarantees bank deposits, not cash on hand in a business. Maybe they have insurance for that kind of thing, but the main difference from having your bitcoin stolen and being robbed of cash is the imminent threat that the gun poses.
@_date: 2013-05-17 10:53:42
[Here]( is a PHD from MIT explaining bitcoin. This might be a good start. I think he does a pretty decent job of explaining it.
@_date: 2013-11-26 21:31:57
I don't know why people shit on investors and speculators. They serve a very important function on the early adoption of pretty much any new adaptation. They are the ones taking all of the risk and building all of the infrastructure necessary for mass adoption. The reason why they take that risk is because there is a lot profit potential to offset that risk.
Extreme volatility while bitcoin is still cutting its teeth is a sign that there are a lot of opportunities for error correction when trying to day trade. If you miss the highs and lows this time around, you will have another chance to correct that in a few days. What speculators do is essentially help taper off those period shifts over time as the adoption of the technology becomes more and more wide spread. Then you see less investors/speculators because the volatility goes down.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with picking up some bitcoin and keeping it until we are out of this speculator phase. There is nothing wrong with picking up bitcoin and trying to day trade to make some profit. There is nothing wrong with buying bitcoin as a method to transact with other parties. Bitcoin is a tool that is gives a lot of people new avenues for economic liberation and it seems premature to judge them for using it how they see fit.
@_date: 2013-08-07 17:28:26
Lawless, but not stateless. There is still a very heavy influence of warring and destruction. My fundamental position isn't necessarily anti-statism per-se, it's anti-aggression (meaning don't initiate coercion or force) and I reject it regardless of who is committing it. It turns out that governments tend to be the biggest perpetuators of aggression. Society has many problems, but the most significant one is the state, and it will be very difficult to solve the other problems until the problem of the state is resolved.
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:41:09
Except the disillusionment with the current system is rapidly increasing and in accordance with that so are underground markets. What people are forgetting about corporate structures like walmart is that *they rely on the statist system in order to maintain themselves*. When that system invariably collapses, so will many of those large corporate structures. However, just because Walmart has found a way to offer really low prices for many goods in a statist system doesn't mean those items couldn't be offered even more efficiently when society in general starts being armed with the ability to ignore the very same statist system that enables something like walmart to function.
Of course, right now most people aren't tuned into those trends, but people also forget how paradigm shifts tend to occur. There are always a very small amount of early adopters who pave the way for the rest of society to adopt that paradigm in a series of waves. Once the amount of early adopters reaches a tipping point it gets adopted very quickly and everyone is incentivized to very quickly learn how to adopt to the new standards. This is pretty much how every paradigm change in history has ever occurred -- from how languages are adopted, to the printing press all the way up to the internet. 
When you insist that the status quo neuter a technology like bitcoin of it's true capacity and intention, you are simply stifling that paradigm shift and robbing society of something truly great. Don't seek validation from a shitty system. See the forest for the trees and understand how much of an upset (to society's benefit) to a shitty system this technology will be.
Cryptography went through a similar war in the late 90's and the system lost to the benefit of everyone else. Since then they have realized their mistakes and are going to be better armed to fight this battle. Don't let them do it by sheepishly seeking their permission. Don't sell out the hard work that went into building the scaffolding for something amazing.
EDIT: just came across [this comment]( Very apt to the discussion we are having.
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:09:11
"People might do things I don't like or want them to do. So I want to use men with guns to stop them from doing it, even though it will probably be very ineffective and simply a waste of money. However, I will feel much better about myself having gotten involved in the lives of people I had no business getting involved in."
@_date: 2013-08-27 19:34:50
Cue the credit card processing lobby to hack-job anything beneficial for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-29 21:02:43


For the sake of survival it's best not to directly contend with the monopoly holders of force in your given geographical area.
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:20:47
What a pathetic mind game you are trying to play. "Oh, yeah, I am going to tell you to respond so that you don't out of some insecurity of me validating some superior position I perceive myself as holding." I don't accept your frame, but I will respond to your point, because even though you are tragically trying to mask your own insecurity, you can't help but engage in the discussion.
Yes, the poor world must deal with my *idealistic ramblings* (any of which you have yet to be able to respond to, btw). What a classic tragedy. If only they had some ability to decide for themselves to just move on instead of reading. What a cruel world we live in. 
To address the subtext of your poorly constructed sarcastic point:
If you need a demonstration that bitcoin is perfect for "sticking it to the man" (which wasn't my claim, btw -- it was more about how it can be used to keep the man from sticking it to us -- but I can see how such a vastly nuanced point could escape even the most astute observers such as yourself) you need look no further than the crucible of the black market that a majority of the bitcoin solutions have been forged in. Long before bitcoin was making news or anyone knew about it pioneers in contrarianism were using this technology to sell every form of contraband that exists, and to virtually no affect imposed by the state. Your claim is akin to saying that technologies like VHS, the camcorder, and the internet were not built and developed around people's insatiable apatite for pornography.
Of course, just like bitcoin, the internet serves a lot of "legitimate" uses as well, and has even become so pervasive towards those ends that it has at least matched, if not surpassed, the use of that tool for porn. Of course there will be "legitimate" uses for bitcoins, but my point is not that it will stick it to those people. My point is that those legitimate services can continue offering legitimate services despite the guise of statism because that is an ability that the technology of bitcoin enables. Anyone who doesn't see that underestimate the true value that bitcoin offers. 
I'm glad I was able to tease at least some semblance of discourse out of you. Hopefully you realize how silly your original approach to trying to shut out discourse is and will continue, as my only interest is developing my own perceptions and offering a greater range of opinions to the community. I sincerely invite you to join me (and anyone else in that endeavor) because something clearly needs to change from the old way of doing things, and the first step in that process is fishing for ideas to try out. Experimentation is the most fundamental step to improving anything.
@_date: 2013-12-02 23:40:01
Cell phone video uploaded to youtube.
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:13:33


You made a statement, I responded it to and instead of furthering the discussion you simply replied with sarcasm. It would appear that you are the one who is falling into the pitfall you are projecting on to me. If you read my post history you will see that I go through great lengths to facilitate discussion with others about a range of topics. The fact that you express that you need to protect your id because of some threat of getting worked up only represents you as someone who is very insecure and immature. There is nothing to get worked up about here, and there is no reason why two mature individuals can't have a civilized exchange about ideas on the internet. 
I certainly am not entitled to having a discussion with you -- you are capable of making your own decisions about what you'd like to discuss and to what degree, however your behavior indicates a lot more about you than I think you were comfortable displaying. 
Furthermore, since this is a public forum I am less interested in convincing someone like you, who is clearly uninterested in developing ideas through civil discourse, and it is more intended for passerby's who read the interaction because they are interested in the subject matter of the discussion.
It's okay that you are insecure in dealing with your cognitive dissonance -- many people are. I am still interested in hearing your genuine reply to my statements in furtherance of actual discourse, if you wish to get back to that. Or you can continue your insults and sarcasm as you please, either way, the interaction is still public and people will still probably read it.
@_date: 2013-04-07 03:42:15
I'm sure if bitcoin ***GAINED MAINSTREAM USE***, there would probably be similar services offered to insure bitcoin. That would destroy some of the anonymity, but I'm sure a brick-and-mortar business would probably already be forgoing a large part of that anyway. 
In reality, there isn't much difference between cash and bitcoin in respect to being robbed. Assuming someone knows you have something of value, knows that you have immediate access to it, and knows that you value your life or not being in pain, they could probably get both from you. The one key difference is if they kill you, they can still get the cash (assuming they know where it's stored) but they couldn't get the bitcoins.
EDIT: For students of Derick Zoolander's Center for Kids Who Can't Read Good.
@_date: 2013-06-16 23:05:50
Well, you were either implying an inclusive "or" in which case both could be going on, or you were implying an exclusive "or" in which case it is a false dichotomy. In reality, both things are going on, and I was giving you the benefit of the doubt.
@_date: 2013-10-12 17:46:53
Just because SR is gone doesn't mean that the people who engaged in that market just disappeared; they just moved to other markets.
@_date: 2013-04-07 16:11:28
That documentary is pretty much based on first, second (and mostly), third hand accounts (ie they know a friend of a friend who had another friend who was a victim of its use). Some of the well known effects of scopolamine are hallucinations, delerium, excitement, and restlessness. It is a dangerous drug, and it there definitely are people who use it against others to get them to become docile and suggestive - but I doubt you could successfully get someone to go into a bank and get something out of a safety deposit box. 
@_date: 2013-08-27 22:12:49
I said what I said.
@_date: 2013-05-23 17:08:13
From my understanding, throughput is the rate at which information is being transmitted (whereas bandwidth is the maximum amount of throughput the transmission medium could handle). So, in a case where the rate of throughput is very high (ie peak hours when you go from very low transmission volume to very high transmission volume in a short space of time) parallel processing would be able to handle that far better than serial processing since data transmission doesn't take a lot bits/clock cycle, and given that you would have multiple different sources for transmission requests, you could break those up over several parallel processors at the same time, as opposed to having the requests que in a serial process. So theoretically, a parallel processing router would have a much greater transmission rate. The other benefitof parallel processing for hocnet would be the available processors for handling payment in a different parallel process than that of data throughput, as well as any encryption that would have to be done. It would be even better if we were to start seeing mobile devices start being developed on parallel processors (although I think there are a few power issues that would need to be solved for mobile devices before that could happen).
@_date: 2013-03-04 11:30:05
[Just started making bitcoin keychains]( I was also thinking of producing [these]( "Bitcoin Accepted Here" plaques.
Just on my own I've done a couple of bleach shirts [[1]( [[2]( but would definitely be willing to make custom bleach shirts to sell for btc. 
I will also be collaborating with a lot of local artists and telling them I accept bitcoin, and introduce them to the whole concept. 
I'm currently talking with one artist, [El Vaquero Muerto]( (***Possibly NSFW [Toppless Models]***), into letting me post his stuff up on bitmit as well, although he is still thinking over the "waiting to be paid from escrow until the item arrives" since he does a lot of very time-intensive work, and is used to getting paid up front before he ships. But he also does a lot of smaller projects and we'll see. He's on board with accepting bitcoin on his website, but his web guy claims he doesn't know how to implement it, so I'm learning html and css so I can just build websites and do it for him (and hopefully other artists as well).
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:30:41
Not unless they are terrorists, terrorist associates, terrorist supporters, terrorist sympathizers, suspected terrorists, suspected terrorist associates, suspected terrorist supporters, or suspected terrorist sympathizers all of which must be non-citizens. Then the CIA can spy in the US. Then there are other special cases where they can spy on a US citizen in the US but only if they meet the very special classifications of either terrorists, terrorist associates, terrorist supporters, terrorist sympathizers, suspected terrorists, suspected terrorist associates, suspected terrorist supporters, or suspected terrorist sympathizers. Also, they have the discretion to redefine all of those words to give them the proper agility to fight terrorism.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:37:59
I don't think bitcoin equates to napster in that analogy -- paypal fits much better. Napster and paypal were both centralized and only as anonymous as an IP address. Bitcoin is more like limewire in that it is p2p and decentralized, but doesn't have as strict of protections for anonymity and fungibility as it should. Bittorrent addressed a lot of the problems that things like limewire experienced by massively decentralizing and distributing it's networks and making the protocol open source. While bitcoin is very distributed and based on an open-source protocol, it lacks the important changes necessary for dealing with transacting wealth, which is anonymity and fungibility of coins. My suspicion is that there will probably be an improvement to where ever bitcoin fails if the regulation neuters it too much. People have had a taste of true economic freedom, and that typically doesn't just go back to the way things were.
@_date: 2013-03-04 19:05:28
I just bought a sheet of black acrylic. I'll do some testing and post pics of how it turns out.
@_date: 2013-10-08 08:23:47
I've seen worse cases walk for simply keeping their mouths shut. I worked in law enforcement for 5 years and have seen some pretty solid cases get fucked up because LEO's pretty much rely on confessions/admissions and prosecutors rely on pleas from those confessions/admissions. You would be surprised how many chain of custody issues police avoid simply by scaring the suspect into copping to what they are charging them with before even talking to an attorney.
Policing is a very complex line of work and many of those police are not very well trained. Like I said, I'm hoping they can't nail this case down and he walks. He would have to play it right and lawyer up. It would help if he audio or video recorded the arrest. We'll see how it goes, but that's all we can really do short of expressing our hopes.
EDIT: Just to expand on the implication, in cases where LEO's fuck up chain of custody and don't have admissions from the suspect, lawyers are usually really good at pulling that shit apart, however if you've made an admission it matters little how much the police fuck up chain of custody. They can often get a conviction with an admission alone provided there is no evidence to suggest they got it improperly (which is where making your own recordings come in handy if you happen to live in a state where that won't land you in a cage).
@_date: 2013-02-19 08:44:55
Haha, I haven't gone to google image search for porn since like 2005.
@_date: 2013-08-07 17:30:15
It comes down to taxation. Just like if you run a business and you need to maximize your profit from square footage, a state needs to maximize the tax density, so that if ever anyone decides to do something productive there, the state is right there with them to make sure they have plenty of money to bomb children in other countries and have plenty or rape cages to lock up non-violent offenders.
Like many industries, Government is just about getting your money, but at least in most other industries they have the common fucking decency to not lock you in a cage if you don't support their product or service.
@_date: 2013-11-27 20:53:05
But how else will they get a delivery of anthrax?
@_date: 2013-09-11 18:27:46
I think there is and going to continue to be a trend of countries trying to take up alternatives that get them out of the trouble they foresee the dominant fiat currencies (the USD and Euro) causing them. A large part of the financial prowess for the US comes from its ability to hold the world's de facto base currency.
@_date: 2013-03-05 01:01:59
It would probably have to be something that was hard to counterfit - like a holographic, tamper-evident sticker. [Probably something along these lines]( but with a significantly lower cost for purchasing them so people actually buy them to use.
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:33:20
Which is also funny since it seems impossible to turn off moderate safe search now, even if you are logged in. I had to go to bing to get the results I was looking for. Maybe there is something I am missing, but I googled for a way to completely turn off moderate safe search and yielded nothing.
@_date: 2013-03-04 19:07:04
Thanks! You're my first customer. Just about to cut them out and package them up.
Edit: since you plan on giving them away, ill add an extra one in there for you. If you send me your bitcoin address ill engrave a corresponding qr code on the back.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:26:20
Well, if they just seized the media that those coins were being stored on there are a number of outcomes that would prevent them from actually removing them from the bitcoin economy. For instance, in DPR's case, if HD's that the gov't seized are encrypted (which I hope they are) and he has a brain wallet that he doesn't give up, then the second he gets bail, or gets out of jail, or even just escapes from custody, and gains access to a computer and an internet connection, he can liquidate a small enough amount to just leave the country, escape, and then have plenty of wealth to live abroad and get set up in another venture. So those bitcoins have some non-zero chance of not being lost forever if DPR wasn't as stupid with his bitcoins as he was with the SR and his personal data.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:40:54
Voluntarism. Also known as don't use aggression to solve problems. In other words, don't *initiate* violence and coercion against others to solve problems.
I think the technology to make that ethic easy enough for people to adopt is already here, but it will take a large event to move people from thinking in statist terms. I can go into great detail of how a stateless society can emerge from the collapse of a state, because it certainly isn't a given, but it is quite lengthy of an explanation. It examines why states fail (which everyone that has ever existed up to this point has), why the "power vacuum" occurs, and why we tend to accept a new state emerging to fill that "power vacuum." I also go into how to quell that vacuum so that a new state not only doesn't have the opportunity to emerge, but one wouldn't even be able to if it wanted to.
EDIT: Spelling
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:02:28


You said that in response to a question. Not to put words in your mouth, but how is asking a question putting words in your mouth? I'm confused. Please explain.
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:54:29
In all reality, they wouldn't shut it down, they would just make it inaccessible or irreparably altered for anyone who doesn't have the cash to pay tribute to the state. This is why I think projects like are so important.
@_date: 2016-07-25 22:35:41
Basically, it is hard to categorize bitcoin because unlike fiat, gold, airline miles, etc it is a new concept that the law has not yet clearly defined.
That is why I distinguish between social definitions and legal ones.
Socially and culturally, there is no doubt that Bitcoin is referred to as money and currency. It has fundamental characteristics of money, currency and commodities. 
Legally, the definition is still being worked out. Some state actors want it classified as money or currency for various reasons (most likely so it can be regulated as such). Some state actors want it not to be classified as any of those things for various reasons (probably because they understand the implications it has for society, and you can't very well go banning an officially recognized currency). Some state actors don't even know what the fuck it is and are still amazed by the $5 pocket calculator their grandkid got for back-to-school.
So at this point, bitcoin exists in a kind of legal superposition. I think this is kind of exciting, but also kind of dangerous. On one hand, you have a state that has no idea how to regulate or control this completely new economic concept. They see how easily any attempt to regulate or control it can so easily be undermined. As a result, society sees either a state unwilling to take a position out of fear of the implications of trying to classify something they don't completely understand, or a state incapable of doing so. Either way, it shows that the emperor has no clothes, and I think this is a good thing.
The dangerous part is that because things are in such flux, you will have people who face serious legal issues because of arbitrary decisions their specific local governments have made on the matter.
While this is dangerous, I think there are so many important lessons for society to learn through this process. Primarily, why *your individual privacy and what you are up to* are **SO** important to preserve. Secondly, that the state is not some all knowing demigod equipped with infinite wisdom to solving all of our problems. It shows them for the humans they are. I think to some degree people have an intuition about this, but find it hard to put it into words succinctly, and often end up just dealing with it because it's not like anything will change.
This is an active and on-going example of governments flubbing it and it is poetic that it is regarding a medium that has so much potential for social freedom. All considered, the state has two ways to get what it wants: force and economics. Any state can always just resort to violence if it doesn't get its way, but people who are under fear of violence will eventually meet a threshold where they put their foot down.
Manipulating people through economics is far more effective. If you keep people just wealthy enough that they have something to lose, but keep fucking with the value of their money to keep them just above that point, you probably won't see the boat rocking much. But if you were to have society be able to get out from under the economic thumb of the government and see what true economic freedom is, that will be a force that has never been seen on this planet before. The best part is that those who know this aren't taken too seriously by governments, and those who don't will underestimate it to the degree of the states undoing. And at this point, even if they did know, there is little they could do about it anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:34:52
He just said he created a wallet in 2010. He didn't say he created a Blockchain Wallet in 2010. I'm sure he has it in blockchain now after he recovered the wallet. He tells the story [here.]( I'm sure he just recently uploaded it to blockchain to take a screen cap.
@_date: 2013-06-23 20:33:48
It doesn't matter.
The Statist Razor: Logic and reason are only valid if it serves the interests of the state.
@_date: 2013-10-07 23:10:21
I understand that is being alleged, but what I am saying is that I think is referring specifically to the service of escrowing a drug market.
@_date: 2013-10-02 06:20:19
[That's what you think.](
@_date: 2013-02-19 21:50:26
No, no, no. I mean, I haven't used static images as a form of porn since 2005. Torrents all the way. Although bing video search is waaaayyyy better for porn than google video search.
@_date: 2013-11-06 01:33:44
Maybe it was, maybe it wasnt, maybe we will never know what actually happened. Given that I think modern states commit enough atrocities that they admit to the public to create enough of a push that we don't need to just say "hey, these people everyone thought was crazy turned out being right on something they were talking about, we should listen to everything they say now!" Firstly, even a broken clock can be right twice a day, secondly it would seem to be common counter intel practice to leak trivial details of some serious shit to people who are known to be whackjob conspiracy theorists in an attempt to discredit any investigation or questioning of that subject by the general public. Let's not just buy everything the CT camp is spouting.  
@_date: 2013-05-23 08:42:46
Also, the private individual is the one liable for the effects of fractional reserve banking in bitcoin. When there is a government backed currency that enforces legal tender laws and they are the one that make central banking an institutional requirement, the implications of that system are very different than the ones in the former case. As the gentleman in the video mentions, it's a matter of moral hazard.
@_date: 2013-11-14 17:36:05
We are getting to a point where technology is enabling us to not care about what is legal or not. Frankly, innovations like bitcoin aren't so you can spend them at walmart -- they are to free us of the tyranny of the state. People don't yet recognize the paradigm change technologies like this are enabling, and I can't really blame them for trying to bring this into the fold of the status quo, but things like bitcoin are just another straw on the back of the camel that is statism, and it is only a matter of time until those technologies will enable the society to sidestep the collapse of the government and carry on without it.
The other aspect of this is that there is a function in the market that seems to allow for new startups to dominate established large businesses. The mechanism works because very large companies (especially public ones with shareholders) have so much more to lose by trying risky new business endeavors. Because of things like loss aversion, they stagnate over time. This enables something like google to topple things like Alta Vista, just as one day something will come along to topple google (although they seem to be pretty market flexible because of the amount of money they generate). When you have a very large organization that has to compete with a bunch of new risk takers with far less to lose, it will only be a matter of time before one of those risk takers lands on a massive paradigm change.
Bitcoin is just a tool that enables those new risk takers to succeed. Bitcoin enables a few design elements that are trending very deeply and rapidly. Things like anonymity, open source design, decentralization -- things that add stability and openness to systems and make them hard to shut down, but still give them the ability to be flexible and experimental. Consider how linux develops (or any open source software project, for that matter): If you don't like the current flavor, you can change it and release it. This doesn't stop people from having access to the previous flavor that they may have liked, but it adds more options to the market so that more people are able to enjoy something that suites them slightly more.
Bitcoin, along with many other technologies, enables us to be able to liberate the necessary supply chains that the state insinuates itself in and takes regulation from a necessary annoyance and hindrance to deal with to a laughable attempt at a power grab from the government that can be trivially ignored.
Regulation is not the answer to any problems with bitcoin -- technological advancement and innovation is, and that is exactly what technologies like bitcoin enable.
TL;DR Fuck da police.
@_date: 2013-02-19 02:06:46
But that only causes a fluctuation since the value of bitcoin is related to what you can spend it on. Typically if you hoard something, you are constricting the supply of that thing, but you are also creating opportunity costs which is what causes the price of the good you are hoarding to go up. Things are valuable because we get utility out of them. Bitcoin is pretty much backed by commerce, insofar as it enables you to commerce in ways you couldn't do with other currencies. So, as people start hoarding bitcoins they become worth less, as a general hoarding trend devalues bitcoins since their value is directly related to the commerce you can do with them, and that devaluation causes the price to come down and then makes people feel a bit easier about parting with them. 
It seems counter-intuitive from just the supply/demand interpretation of things, but there is another dimension here and it is that you specifically can't use bitcoin for anything other than commerce, and it is valuable because of the kind of commerce it enables. Right now a large part of what bitcoin is essentially backed up by the illegal internet drug trade. However if people were less willing to part with their bitcoins, drug sellers might not see the value in taking the risks and spending the capital to set up those businesses, which reduces the value of bitcoin because it then becomes harder to safely acquire illegal drugs, which is what makes bitcoin valuable in the first place. As more markets develop (both legal and illegal) the ease of this technology will cause the market to stabalize, but it will also distribute it into more hands, since those hands are needed to partake in order to expand the markets to stabalize bitcoin. Prices come down, people are looser with their bitcoins, sellers see opportunity, the price goes back up, people are reluctant to part with their bitcoins, etc. This is essentially a pattern of the business cycle, and left unchecked it is theorized that that business cycle tappers off (meaning the amplitude gets smaller and smaller after each cycle) and the market eventually stabalizes. 
So, worry not, as I think bitcoin will also go through this process, but because it is very difficult to meddle with and regulate, it will be allowed to go through these process naturally and hit a stable equilibrium as the market gets built and matures.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:36:12
Is there any sort of escrow system for that sub? If so, how does it work? I checked out the sidebar and didn't see anything mentioned. The things I am selling are physical goods that would need to be shipped, so escrow is kind of necessary to protect both parties.
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:26:10
They are pretty nice firearms. I like that they are glock based, but have a more comfortable grip and cleaner fit-and-finish. Very reliable and accurate as well -- the two most important characteristics of a firearm.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:42:24
The fear of where they will crack down will only inspire a better armament of technologies for us to protect ourselves from them. When the government cracks down on brick-and-mortar and makes that too costly all they are doing is making something like an automated, decentralized, anonymous quad-rotor shipping network (or some other extremely elegant and unknown solution) profitable to build. For the first time in the history of our species we have the tools at our disposal to simply step out of the way of the state. We don't have to fight back, we don't have to placate them, we don't have to play by their rules -- we just have to use the resources at our disposal.
The paradigms that will enable that are decentralization and anonymity. These two paradigms are pretty well locked down. Every system that gets crushed by the state eventually moves to those paradigms and the state can't do shit about it -- pornography, drugs, file sharing, finance. The remaining industries and supply chains that are still beasts of burden for the state will eventually move to those paradigms too and by then it will be gg statism.
We *don't* have to do shit, and the perception that we do only comes from those who call themselves our masters. Don't believe them. They are liars and cheats and their incentives are transparent.
@_date: 2013-11-23 02:53:18
Very tech savvy libertarians/cryptoanarchists.
@_date: 2013-05-23 16:26:53
I'm not quite sure, but building a router from scratch that is based on a parallel processor would probably vastly increase the amount of throughput a router can handle, and seems like it would be able to handle a significant amount more requests at one time than a standard router would. Rewriting things for a parallel processor would probably be tricky, but that's the nice thing about this project: it's cheap enough that you can get your hands on the device (when they start selling them commercially) that anyone would be able to experiment with it.
@_date: 2013-07-07 09:49:29
"I'm old and can't understand new things. This makes me uncomfortable, which I don't like, so I am going to try to ban them." - Congress
@_date: 2013-06-04 12:01:28
Change is happening either way. It's the early adopters of the technology that will benefit. I see bitcoin as one of the few ways of gaining back the wealth for the younger generations who have had it stolen from them through all of these loans and inflation. The idea that we should be held liable for loans we never agreed to is sickening. We never look at a non-government contract and say that the father is able to bind their son to a contract, but for some reason it is different with the "social contract." It's because the *social contract* isn't a contract, it isn't voluntary, and it is coercive in nature. Having a meaningful way to stand against that, and non-violently  as well, is probably one of the most empowering ways that our generation can continue a productive society.
So let those who don't want to adopt it realize their mistake later.
@_date: 2013-11-14 20:45:15
So in other words, you don't really have a response, you'd rather just tap out and protect your ego with sarcasm. Fine by me.
@_date: 2013-06-17 00:01:20
Why u heff be mad? Its only Reddit.
@_date: 2013-03-04 12:40:17
Unfortunately the laser can't *cut* metal (I'd need a plasma cutter for that) but it can etch it.
Here is a table of the materials that it can cut/etch:
    Material|Etch|Cut|
    :---|:--:|---:
    Wood|x|x|
    Acrylic|x|x|
    Glass|x||
    Coated Metals|x||
    Ceramic|x||
    Delrin|x|x|
    Cloth|x|x|
    Leather|x|x|
    Marble|x||
    Matte Board|x|x|
    Melamine|x|x|
    Paper|x|x|
    Mylar|x|x|
    Pressboard|x|x|
    Rubber|x|x|
    Fiberglass|x|x|
    Painted Metals|x||
    Tile|x||
    Plastic|x|x|
    Cork|x|x|
    Corian|x|x|
    Anodized Aluminum|x||
@_date: 2013-10-08 08:19:29
@_date: 2013-08-07 10:03:55


Pretty telling when you think about it. Government, like any industry is about getting *your money*. The difference is that most industries beyond government have the common fucking decency to not throw you into a rape cage if you don't support their product or service.
@_date: 2013-10-05 00:28:25
BUT MUH SOCIAL CONTRACT!
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:30:18
I think you are overgeneralizing the ideology of libertarianism. For instance, I am a voluntarist -- a type of individualist anarchist. I hold the Non-Aggression Principal as central to how I interact with people, and how I advocate others to interact with each other. I view corporations for what they are: vestiges of statism that enable certain groups of people to benefit at the costs of others, rather than typical commerce whereby people develop wealth through voluntary interaction. Like anything, there is a gradient, but I tend to think that libertarians that are statists are not going far enough in their conclusions. From my analysis, if you don't like that commercial interests are using corporations and lobbying to get things that they want from the government, that should be an indictment of the government system and not of the people that are acting in compliance with the incentive that governments and statism create. For every interest out there like the Koch brothers out there, there are just as many that are lobbying in the opposite direction of them (unions, anti-gun people, anti-drug people, etc). At this point you can't fix the problems that government has created by making it smaller because there are too many vested interests that rely on government as it exists to let that happen. The only way you can deal with the government as it is to just try to be prepared for it to collapse and develop technologies that will allow others to do the same. These technologies are things like PGP, Tor, Bitcoin, hocnet, and many other open source technologies.z
The system is not going to be fixed with different people at the helm, it is not going to be fixed by using the system itself, and it certainly isn't going to be fixed by using violence. I see technology as the only method of transcending statism, just as technology allowed us to transcend the institutions of slavery.
It might be useful to do some more research and broaden your scope of your understanding of libertarianism instead of just condemning people who identify as a word that you associate as something you don't like.
EDIT: Also, just to contend your point that "Libertarian think tanks are seeded with...etc" you should check out  for an example of a libertarian organization that has no interest in lobbying anything or even participating in this shitshow of a system.
@_date: 2013-09-16 01:41:24
I'm making a hand stitched leather belt for bitcoin. Also a watch band, and various other leather goods. I usually offer a 10-15% discount for using bitcoin (especially for international clients). This is how I make my living. I think if anything, being willing to accept bitcoin is just as valuable as being willing to pay people in it.
@_date: 2013-08-07 10:05:14
The practicality of the state is that *we* keep buying its legal fictions. It has nothing to do with law, rights, protection, or governance. It's a fucking racket to fleece society of its productivity and hand it over to psychopaths and narcissists.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:53:44
ITT: Uncle Tom level apologetics. 
People seem to be forgetting that bitcoin is a response to an overbearing and authoritarian political environment from the very same people you are getting on your knees to beg for mercy from right now. Develop some god damned self-respect and stop asking your herders to build an even higher fence to keep you tax-cattle in check. Don't squander a good tool for true freedom.
@_date: 2013-07-04 09:54:03
My house is closing next week. I hope the prices stay this low for me to pick some up at a low price with the proceeds from that sale.
@_date: 2013-10-07 21:54:59
It's going to be interesting to watch the prosecution try to explain bitcoin and tor, fail, and then have the defense bring up bitcoin and tor experts to completely undermine their bullshit and discredit their case to the jury.
Also, now would be a good time to start making a push for spreading the word about jury nullification. How cool would it be if DPR was one of the first nationally headlined cases in our generation to have his trial nullified by a jury.
@_date: 2013-04-22 04:12:06
"Has everyone downloaded their copy of LOIC?"
EDIT: Spelling
@_date: 2013-10-08 01:08:48
Yeah, *if* those are true that is a shame, however I am reserving judgement until I see what information comes out in the trial.
@_date: 2013-03-04 19:02:34
I know that the macbook pros use aluminum, but I'm not sure if it is powdercoated or anodized. Maybe I'll put mine under the laser and post pics of how it turns out.
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:22:42
I was toying around with the idea of making a tyvek bitcoin bill, but there would have to be a tamper evident way to cover the private key in a durable manner though.
@_date: 2013-05-23 12:12:46
    &gt;tfw bought 25 at $4 and sold at $5
@_date: 2013-07-12 22:44:38
We've got a server at mumble.voluntarist.net now. Default port.
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:22:44
Meh, it's like 5 years old. Plus I planned on engraving it anyway. Also, I wouldn't really be risking the whole laptop since I would take the case off before I tried it.
@_date: 2013-01-30 12:38:46
Keep an eye out. I'll probably make a post about it in a couple of places. I recently lost my job so I'll probably get pretty shameless about promoting. However, I definitely will be accepting bitcoin and likely will be offering discounts for those who pay in bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-14 23:23:32
Just because you are participating in the discussion, does not mean that this is about you. I'm replying to your points for the sake of public discourse. 
Bitcoin won't supplement the dollar on a long term basis because whether bitcoin is successful or not the dollar won't be around for long. It is over-leveraged and all evidence points to a collapse. The chinese debt loop alone is enough to demonstrate that, to say nothing of the massive inflation, the crumbling financial system, the irresponsible fiscal policy by the central authorities that issue the dollar. Bitcoin will not supplement the dollar because bitcoin is too structurally sound to be brought down with a sinking ship.
Don't kid yourself, you are doing little for bitcoin. Do you produce any goods or services in exchange for bitcoin? Do you develop solutions or protocols? Or do you just play from the sidelines on the basis of bad advice and malformed intentions?
It is likely that bitcoin will operate along side the dollar and it would be great to see large corporations overcome their fear of regulatory battery enough to decide to nut up and use it. Honestly, if someone like google endorsed and was prepared to legally defend their use of bitcoin, I think it would have a profound impact. Alas, the incentives are not aligned for that because companies like that have shareholders whose intentions are to turn a profit (which there is nothing wrong with), but they aren't liable to take wanton risks involving waltzing into court with the US government. That is why they are unlikely to try something new.
I am unable to listen to your reasoning simply because you have chosen not to provide it and in lieu of have only resorted to snarky ad hominems [mom's spaghetti] and sarcasm. If you want people to respond to your reasoning you are going to have to represent it.
Your insecurity is so glaringly obvious because even the intentions of continuing to reply don't make sense. You are wasting my time so that other redditors don't get caught in the web of my thinly veiled attempts at trolling? If that was your goal, then firstly I'd need to be a troll (which I think given the case I've made and time I've spent as well as my post history is easy enough to debunk) and secondly, it would be far more advantageous towards that goal to simply stop responding instead of "feeding the trolls" as they say. That is under the assumption that you truly believe I am trolling, and you are trying to prevent me from ensnaring others in that web. It makes far more sense that you are simply feel caught on the stage of your own insecurity and were called on it, and now you are trying to construct how that isn't the case, and like anyone scrambling, your story doesn't line up. Obviously you aren't going to own up to that because the narrative I've constructed is too accurate and god be damned if I happen to be right about you. Of course, you won't be reading any of this, so it's not like you would know whether to confirm this through your following reply anyway.
@_date: 2013-06-26 19:58:22
Cool. I look forward to it.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:46:44
Bitcoin is perfect for disregarding the state. Some of those activities involve withholding resources from the state (or "tax evasion") and some of them involve acquiring contraband that the state has no moral or ethical right to prevent people from buying in the first place. Good. Technology is the bastion of freedom our and future generations will need in order to climb out from the overbearing, authoritarian fat that previous generations have lumped on our heads. Let's not give up that bastion to suffocate under the behemoth of the state. 
@_date: 2013-08-21 07:30:30
Giants aren't notoriously good at fighting a swarm. That is to say, decentralization and pseudoanonymity will go a long way for those of us on this side of the battle. There are reasons why the world's largest and most resource rich military in the history is unable to defeat farmers in shithole, third-world countries. It's one thing to fight bannermen who wear their colors and tell you to your face you are their enemy, it is entirely another to have your enemy smile and shake your hand in the day and fuck your shit up in the muck while you are sleeping in the night. Also, before anyone says it's cowardly to do so, remember that it takes balls to go up against such a large enemy to begin with, and it's also approximately how the founders won independence from the brits.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:27:12
No worries. Also, I'm a different person than who responded to you, I was just pointing it out. 
While I think you raise some interesting points, I think you are overlooking how quickly technology is outrunning the government. I think bitcoin is a tool that will profoundly change the paradigm of how we transact and it is a tool that was forged under the pressures of the state and is a solution for keeping wealth from being destroyed by the state. If your assumption is that taxes and the government are good institutions in society, then I'd be interested in why. If you do believe that the government and taxation are bad institutions in society, then your concern shouldn't be how much negativity bitcoin will attract by enable tax evasion, but instead should be how to develop easier and safer ways of doing it.
@_date: 2013-05-28 20:44:00
[Follow This Link](
Select which OS you are using and download the corresponding bundle package.
Run the app. Keep in mind tor tends to be a bit slower, so be patient with it.
@_date: 2013-10-05 00:31:06
God I hope this project continues to develop.
@_date: 2013-08-24 04:57:29
It's nice to know Armenia can't do it on their own.
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:45:12
And that is why the true effectiveness of bitcoin hasn't yet been realized. Bitcoin has the potential to make it so you can, but it takes time to build an economy. More and more businesses are adopting bitcoin every day. Let's give ourselves the benefit of the doubt that with time it will be what we need it to be and not sell it out to the very same overlords that bitcoin can deliver us from.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:32:05




@_date: 2013-06-26 09:26:30
I own a laser cutter. If you are interested, I can make you something like this. I made a bitcoin keychain with my key on it for when I am out and about. [Here]( is a photo of it. I've been toying around with the idea of having a "Bitcoin Accepted Here" sign with the merchant's address engraved into the sign so it would be as simple as snapping a picture from a smart phone to enable a transaction. In conjunction with the customer having a keychain or something with their address engraved on it, it would be just as easy to get the customer's address for the transaction as well.
Edit: I saw further down you'd be willing to offer .4 bitcoins for a sign. I could do one for you that was up to 10"x10" and split the shipping with you, assuming you are in the US. It looks like domestic shipping would cost less than $5 for first class shipping.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:50:19
A better solution to this than regulation is let those businesses adapt and embrace the black market. A robust black market that the state cannot participate in, control, or extract wealth from will be the best way to check the state. "No, you are not entitled to ever increasing amounts of my productivity on a whim of your terrible spending habits. It will stop now."
@_date: 2013-07-12 13:46:24
So are they doing a credit check then? That is a bit much. I don't know if I want them to have that much data about me.
Also, holy shit -- it's chrisrico. How have you been?
@_date: 2013-06-17 06:37:17
@_date: 2013-04-07 03:37:50
I think the effects of those drugs are highly over-estimated. There are drugs that can increase suggestiveness of basic actions and can decrease stress and *flight-or-flight* responses (making someone very susseptable to a rape or mugging), but drugging someone and having them go to into a bank to access a safety deposit box would not only be extremely difficult to get the person to do (they might be unable to remember details like the location of their key, or bank, or passcode), but the person would probably be in such a state that it would likely make them suspicious and delay access to the deposit box until the police showed up.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:31:17
The harder the government tries to come at bitcoin, the better off it is in the long run. The tighter they try to grasp, the quicker people wake up from their delusions of legitimate government and the faster we slip through the state's hand like sand.
Bitcoin is one of the first technologies where we can legitimately say "Come at me bro" to the state and have something to back it up with.
The simple point is that statism is a failing paradigm and whether it is bitcoin or some other cryptocurrency, the foundations of statism are being exposed to being as flawed and cracked as the institution of slavery, which society also eventually abandoned. There are no solutions with statism, only illusions. Those illusions are being exposed for what they are as technology develops and enables more individualism.
@_date: 2013-08-27 22:54:20
Then businesses have a framework in which they can not only continue to participate in bitcoin, but then start evading taxes as well.
I think just as the Porn industry developed the home movie-watching industry and large parts of the internet, the drug industry will create models for people to start keeping more of the products of their commerce away from the state. I think silk road has created a really good model for doing that, but just as porn (which was also a controllable contraband at one point too) paved the way for VHS and internet videos to be adopted by other non-porn related businesses, silk road will pave the way for other business models to develop ways of disregarding the regulatory and taxing nature of the state. Porn became so uncontrollable and ubiquitous that the state eventually just had to stop trying to throw people in a cage for producing and consuming it. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:46:18
Care to provide any counter example? Dotcom, Housing, particular financial securities, stocks, bonds, properties in various countries? Shit, let's go all the way back to tulips or Kipper und Wupper. I'm more than happy to take your eloquently brief word for it, but I would like to have some examples for my own personal benefit -- because this is obviously not something I've read up on in length.
@_date: 2013-06-16 23:00:53
@_date: 2013-02-28 16:38:08
Well, until there is a good derivatives that offer futures and options, bitcoin will be a bit unstable. That's pretty much the same pattern for all emerging markets.
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:28:31
I have an etsy shop as well. I looked into how to accept bitcoin but the page that I found seemed to have outdated instructions. [This page]( gives instructions to selection options that don't appear in my shop options. Any clues? What process did she use?
@_date: 2013-11-08 02:30:09
I don't want the government to consider bitcoin a currency. I want them to leave it alone and just let it grow to a point that it is too late for them to fuck it up. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 01:26:24
Would you even say *par*-annoyed?
@_date: 2013-09-14 07:31:00
Poor little feller.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:34:37
FDIC is not private insurance, it's public insurance. Businesses can, and often do, insure their business receipts in the case of a robbery. If the business can shoe there was a robbery and prove their receipts for the day, they can recover that amount from insurance. Also, I'm not talking about insurance for deposited financial assets, I'm talking about cash on hand in the business. However, none of this matters since it is beyond the relevence of the point.
@_date: 2013-08-07 10:02:03
The Statist Razor:
*Logic and reason are only valid if it serves the interests of the state.*
EDIT: For those downvoting, the sentiment is sarcastic and points out that the state will simply behave this way. However, it does give some accurate insight as to how the state tends to operate. 
@_date: 2013-09-14 07:06:21
But I call it a kaiser blade. Mmmm-hmmmm.
@_date: 2013-06-04 11:57:44
That is one paradigm change that I see most important about society evolving beyond states: the recognition that government is only an institution in society; not society itself. When people abstract government and society as one in the same, it's easy for governments to be destructive force for the collective of society. When the state is rendered as a separate entity in society, we see it for those tricks and decide to not put up with them any more. Currency is simply one of those tricks that has been figured out.
@_date: 2013-11-12 17:10:27
The value of bitcoin is fundamentally backed by the commerce that it enables. As long as there is a healthy drug market (along with other contraband markets) using bitcoin, it will have value. Given the outcome of the fed's recent attempt to shake that market, my guess is bitcoin is here to stay.
@_date: 2013-03-05 01:02:28
My first bitcoin tip. Thanks! :)
@_date: 2013-08-27 19:25:59
I for one welcome our new regulatory overlords. The US government has an astoundingly good track record for pretty much everything they do, so it is unlikely that they will fuck this up. Every time I see a potentially global paradigm changer I think "you know who could make this better? The US Government."
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:39:18
Lax regulatory practice, or a massive subsidy of lending rates for programs to incentivize banks to lend money to people who were not in a financial position to purchase a home?
It's easy to spin the housing bubble as a result of "lax regulation" when that regulation was intentionally made lax by the government in order to regulate other aspects of that industry. The economics is as simple as government subsidizes home ownership&gt;subsidizes banks against risks of foreclosure&gt;banks have opportunity to essentially make risk free interest&gt;banks give mortgages to people who are in financial position to purchase a house&gt;demand for houses rise&gt;housing prices go up rapidly&gt;supply of houses goes up to cash in&gt;foreclosures start happening because of the number of people who were not in a financial position to buy a home turn out not to be able to afford home ownership&gt;fresh new supply of houses available on the markets that are bank owned&gt;government pays out against forclosure risk through HUD programs and MIP&gt;banks keep lending money according to subsidies&gt;more forclosures&gt;greater supply of houses&gt;price of housing hits a tipping point and crashes&gt;Millions of people left underwater on their homes&gt;investors who lent money to banks for mortgage backed securities start seeing their investment tank and start to try to cash out&gt;roll results into financial derivatives and repeat.
@_date: 2013-02-09 10:47:25
Out of curiosity, do you think that not deriving our morality from the state is a good thing or bad thing? Also, do you  think that not deriving morality to the state means we are becoming amoral, or simply deriving it elsewhere? If so, from where?
I think you make some interesting points and am interested in hearing you expand on them.
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:06:33
Yeah, he had to convert bitcoin to bitcoin...you know -- just to be sure.
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:53:21
Been a while! I'll probably be on mumble in about 2-3 hours. You should swing by.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:09:51
The assumption you are making is that the only reason why bitcoin has developed into what it is today is because of that white paper. Satoshi was a necessary but insufficient element of bitcoin's development. The fact that a lot of anti-state interests got involved to help develop bitcoin into something viable is what I was referring to. In all honesty, to keep a more accurate analogy, Paypal is to napster, as bitcoin is to limewire, as some other futer crypto currency is to bittorrent. I think that it might be necessary for the state to show their prowess in fucking things up, and doing so with bitcoin for this community to learn it was a bad idea and develop something better. I had hoped it would be bitcoin, but you can't discount the value of the lessons learned by the mistakes of large groups of people.
EDIT: Also, since satoshi is anon, I'm interested in seeing what source you have to claim to know about his politics? Has he mentioned somewhere that he isn't anti-state? 
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:13:28
I doubt the service that was referring to was the attempted murders. At least, what I understand him to be referring to was the drug service he offered, and that is not a ghastly service.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:18:04
Damn. That is a shame. All well. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:22:52
I find it interesting how people are calling bitcoin a bubble simply by looking at the short term data of just one speculative cycle. Of course the price will rise and fall, and in bitcoin's case, drastically so because it is very new, has very serious implications to the status quo, and cut its teeth in the black market. Yet, this does not mean it is a bubble. Historically bubble's are created when the market is manipulated through government influence to inflate the value of a good (usually because governments are directly trying to do so, or indirectly trying to affect the price of another good^1). If you look at any bubble in history it is characterized by some government fucking around with the aggregate market forces trying to reconcile incongruent government actions. You can look at pretty much any historical bubble and see some underlying government action that was the causality behind that bubble. Bitcoin may very well be a way to inoculate itself against government interference, even given the recent news of attempts to interfere.
@_date: 2013-03-04 21:55:14
Once I get all of the experimenting done with the qr codes (mostly finding a repeatable process for accurately centering it on the back that is efficient) I was considering offering it for a small additional fee, probably just another couple of bucks or something.
@_date: 2013-01-30 10:46:22
I am getting an industrial laser cutter (hopefully) in about two weeks. I am looking for as many things as I can get into and may consider doing this.
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:01:05
Honestly, I am hoping that they will have too hard of a time actually proving it was him, you'll have a jury baffled by how the prosecution explains bitcoin and tor, and a competent defense expert on those topics to undermine the prosecutions case by demonstrating their incompetency to explain those topics. If DRP is smart enough, he will keep his mouth shut, lawyer up, and hopefully walk.
It would also be a good idea to start raising some awareness of jury nullification.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:27:50
You are right, but there is a difference between a gun and the social contract. I also want to clarify what I mean by "it's the fault of the social contract." The difference between the gun and the social contract is that the gun actually exists, and the social contract doesn't. And when I say that the social contract is at fault, what I mean is it is a bad model and it is the fault of those who purport and teach that model who are at fault for it's bad results. They may be doing so out of ignorance, but just as those who forced the idea of the earth being the center of the solar system, and used force against those who rejected that flawed model, those who do the same with the social contract are just as wrong. The reason why the social contract is a bad idea is because it frames the act of theft and coercion as legitimized through voluntary action, which it is not. The premise of a contract is that it is agreed to, explicitly, after a clarification of terms by both parties to enter into. It cannot be agreed to by the simple fact that you happen to be born and remain in a given geographic location regardless of you not actually agreeing to the contract, it can not be forced onto posterity, and unlike actual contracts it requires a monopoly on law in that given geographical area in order to enforce. Most other contracts can be resolved through many different channels and still be considered to have been legitimately enforced; the "social contract" cannot be enforced by anyone other than the state that requires compliance with such a "contract." 
It's perverse in it's implication that it is voluntary because the speaker is usually trying to justify why the state is voluntary in a post-hoc manner. But no matter how you look at it the state is simply not voluntary. It was a group of men who rocked up on some land, kicked whoever lived here already out, and then claimed all of the contiguous land on practically the entire continent. They didn't make any actually legitimate homesteading claim, and they wrote some legal fiction that people believed that entitled that group and their associates to collect taxes from the people who happen to live inside of their bullshit imaginary line. Me showing up and claiming a vast body of land that I simply laid eyes on doesn't entitle me to that land any more than it entitles our current government. And it certainly doesn't entitle me to fleece the people who happen to have been born and exist on that land to a portion of their productive labor. Those who purport this fantasy try to do so by implying that it is voluntary by calling it a "contract" but any any sort of rigorous and honest analysis calling that process a contract is a farce. It crumbles under any sort of scrutiny. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 05:25:00
I didnt make the claim that everyone was a libertarian. I don't know what your source is on your claim that libertarians would be a minority, but I know quite a few early adopters who were mining in the cpu days and pretty much all of them are ancaps, voluntarists, or cryptoanarchists and have hung on to their bitcoin for the most part. You can look at a sub like or and see how popular bitcoin is over there. You can probably also find a large number of other libertarian communities that are heavily involved with bitcoin. They probably aren't a minority, especially for early adopters.
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:04:20
That may be true, but I wouldn't consider drugs to be a ghastly service. SR has removed a lot of violence from the black market and shown that people can responsibly transact to get the things that they want and paid for in a safe, anonymous, reliable manner.
@_date: 2013-08-21 07:31:46
If they want an accurate analogy, they should liken Paypal to napster, and bitcoin to torrenting. Paypal made people aware of the paradigm of spending money online, as napster did for getting media online. Bitcoin realizes the benefits of that awarness in a safe, easy way, just as torrenting did.
@_date: 2013-08-21 07:24:33
According to governments and financial institutions? Yes, however I'm reluctant to take their word for it. If the master's tools will never dismantle the master's house, then it will have to be some other tools; this doesn't mean the master won't resist, nonetheless.
@_date: 2013-03-04 19:03:10
Haha, yeah. M&amp;P 40 sub-compact. I love living in a state where I can conceal and open carry without a permit.
@_date: 2013-06-04 12:04:01
It can save society. The government of the US is doomed when a currency that makes it impossible to regulate and tax productive commerce is the standard. Governments get their power over society by having the ability to take and squander a portion of that society's wealth. It gets the power to borrow by how effectively it can tax the people living under that system. If a government is seen to be unable to tax its "citizens" it will not effectively be able to subjugate those people into tax compliance, and it won't be able to borrow the money it needs to operate. It will go under and that is probably the best thing that could happen for society in the case of the US.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:57:55
The political elites would have treated the printing press (and did once they realized the impact of it too late) with a large amount of hostility. What you seem to fail to realize is that government is in the business of keeping the costs of compliance low so that they can profit off of systematic aggression. They even often do this with the genuine belief that they are doing it for society's own good. 
Decentralized systems that make it hard to control education, information, wealth, and productivity are dangerous to any state, and the sooner they realize how much of an undoing bitcoin can be to them, the more likely they are to want to neuter it's profound implications, or (if it gets bad enough for them) to simply take up policy in an attempt to shut it down altogether.
Mark my words: Making a deal with the devil of statism and inviting them into the progress this technology has made will be a mistake that will set back the profound paradigm changes that bitcoin can make, or snuff it out completely. That doesn't mean the paradigm change won't happen -- that can of worms is opened. It simply is a matter of whether it occurs in our time or not. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 01:44:41
Those kids overseas aren't going to drone-bomb themselves, you know.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:07:08
Voluntary commerce raises the cost of violence such that it is cheaper to commerce voluntarily than suffer the costs of the consequences of violence. I believe that this simple fact supports the idea that people are more likely to resort to violence if they feel like their needs aren't being met. A thought experiment that would tend to support this would be consider a situation where there are a group of people, and there is only enough food for *n-1* people in that group per day. You are much more likely to see people get violent over how food is dispersed than if you had the same situation but had enough food for *n+1* people per day. The reason why is because food is a very inelastic and urgent need, and if people perceive there to not be enough, then the costs of violence are worth the price of continuing to live in the first scenario, but the costs of violence are not worth worth it if food is abundant. 
Obviously people have more needs than just food, and as the more basic needs are met, the more abstract and complicated peoples' needs become, but they also become less urgent and more elastic. When you have a system in society that creates a context where the incentives of those individuals are to cooperate and avoid violence rather than be adversarial towards one another and encourage violence, then it's obvious which society will be more dangerous to live in.
The problem that the state creates is that it relies on the perceptions of fear from those it claims to govern, and it profits by making the markets for security, law, education, regulation, and many other services it claims to offer scarce. It gets this incentive by having another incentive to constantly be increasing the amount of wealth it absorbs from society. If you're a member of the state, and your income directly relies on that state getting money through taxes, if you want a raise, or better benefits or an additional colleague to lighten the work load, you need to convince society to fork over more money. If you have a monopoly on certain services that is a very easy thing to convince them of, since society has very little choice in the matter.
The way I see taxation is a group of individuals in society who possess a systemic monopoly on Law and a few other services in a given geographic area demand that their services be funded according to rules that they make up, and whether you use or are even interested in using those services is regardless of the fact of you having to pay for them, or face consequences for not doing so. This is contrary to how people pay for pretty much everything else in society, so there has to be one hell of a line to sell people on to convince them to do so. I think the line, "If you don't pay we'll send a man or woman in an *off-the-rack* suit to come to your home and tell you how much you owe us. If you still refuse to pay, we will send men in blue costumes to come take you from your home and throw you in a cage. If you try to protect yourself from them accomplishing that, then you will be killed." Of course, the prettier the veneer you doll that sentiment up in, the more likely you will get compliance, and the more empty rhetoric you give to people to sell themselves on that lie, the more likely you will get stockholm-compliant tax-cattle.
Regardless of how you try to dress it up, when put under scrutiny, taxation is aggression. It is initiating coercion against individuals in order to intimidate them into paying for goods and services that are being provided to them through force. When you have transaction on a voluntary basis you can expect the results of those transactions to improve each party's position, and if that is the system that is used, then you can expect society to improve in aggregate. If the system that is used is on the basis of aggressive transaction, then you can expect society to decline over time. We have a mixed society that started with very little of the latter and a lot of the former. We've seen the implications of that manifest by having a society that has so vastly and quickly improved it's standard of living. Faster and vaster than any society that has yet existed. As we see non-voluntary transactions systemically spread and increase, we see society start to decline. The reason this is the case is when you transact with someone on the basis of aggression, there will be an amount of frustration that they feel from that. They will feel slighted and angry. The clever trick of the state is that it is able to aggress against society but misdirects that frustration away from the state. This frustration manifests in many different places, but it is usually against others living in that society. Now you have a scenario where peoples' incentives under the system are non-voluntary transaction (if I can lobby the government to require you to pay for my service, then why would I care if it is voluntary on your part or not), adversarial competition, and ever increasing scarcity for needs being met. 
Another problem of the state is that it isn't voluntary, and therefor you can't simply elect to not be a subject of its aggression. This is where technologies like bitcoin, tor, pgp encryption, and the slew of other technologies that are based on those technologies comes in.
Take Sillkroad, for example. The black market for drugs is notoriously violent. The state uses that fact to take more of our money and freedoms to fight that violence, but I propose that violence is a result of the state making that market illegitimate. Consider transacting for any legitimate good: If I sell you Good A in exchange for Good B, but you don't follow through, I have the ability of legitimate recourse through the state against you. I can call the police, I can take you to court, etc (at least that is the idea, this is rarely the case if you are actually the victim of theft). However, since the state has declared drug sales to be illegal, if there are disputes that arise from a drug transaction, the parties to that dispute cannot rely on the state to resolve that problem, so they have to use violence since they don't have legitimate, peaceful alternatives. Silkroad has fixed this through the use of these technologies. Buyers and sellers can resolve disputes through Silkroad, which offers and escrow service, and guess what? The average transaction and seller rating are well of 98%. This means that people are getting the drugs they want, at a quality they find acceptable and for a price they want. This means that sellers are getting their money, and have a strong incentive to keep their reputation clean because it is profitable to do so. The model is such that each party to the transaction has a greater incentive to play by the rules rather than cheat. Even better, it is designed in such a way that it is virtually impossible for the state to shut that down since it is protected by encryption and uses a currency that can't really be attached to any specific party or transaction.
There is a more interesting implication of this kind of commerce though. If you can buy drugs, which is obviously not being taxed, in a safe way, what is to stop people from participating in other markets, maybe legitimate ones, and skipping the tax bill? Now people have a safe way of meaningfully objecting to the state by withholding the results of their productive labor. The current problem is that the barriers to entry are quite high and it still isn't seen as being very safe. These are just engineering problems, though. Problems that I suspect will be solved over time. Probably just in time for the state to become so turbulent and destructive that when it collapses, people will have already been using the viable alternatives to not only sidestep that collapse, but disregard any attempts to develop a new state.
A state relies on it's ability to tax people, and in order to borrow that state needs to be seen as having the ability to effectively tax its citizens. If it is both unable to tax, and seen as unable to tax, not only will it be unable to fund the starting of a new state, but it would not likely get lent the sufficient funds to do so either.
There are a few more aspects to this, but this is already starting to get quite lengthy. I'll let you get through this and absorb it before I go on. 
It's also quite easier to discuss this via chat. I have a mumble server that would make discourse on this topic quite a bit easier. 
    Address: Mumble.Voluntarist.net
    Port: Default
If you are unfamiliar with mumble, you can read about it and download it [here]( It's a super low-latency, open-source voip client and is generally just fucking awesome. My handle on there is eitauisunity, but there are a lot of other folks that are interesting to talk to on there that frequent as well.
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:33:06
But that strategy is used for a deeper purpose. If they lightly engage in something popular via social media and there is overwhelmingly positive reaction then it gives them the info they need to be confident in engaging that topic on a deeper level. If heineken sees a large jump in relevance, and even sees more customers of their beer because they associated with bitcoin, they might proceed towards getting more involved with bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-12 18:46:15
To be clear, the current valuation is definitely much higher than the drug market, but that was not my claim. My claim was that as long as there is a healthy drug market bitcoin will have value. That is not the same claim as "if the drug market goes away bitcoin will be valueless." 
Also, speculation is not necessarily a bad thing. It gives an incentive for the most risk driven to get involved in a new technology and develop aspects of that technology that make it safe for more risk averse people to get involved. Most trends operate this way from the westward expansion, to fashion trends. Speculators build the paths for the rest of society to follow. As the rest of society follows those paths, bitcoin will stabilize. 
As to your claim "it is fueled by speculation," that I would disagree with. Bitcoin is fueled by a lot more than speculation. It is enabling actual commerce, and that is fundamentally where bitcoin gets its value: it makes a good currency. The most fundamental aspect of that currency being used is that it provides value by enabling transactions that otherwise would not have occurred without it. The fact that that kind of commerce has developed into a near billion dollar industry with a large amount of redundancy and stable supply means it is unlikely that market is going to go away.
@_date: 2013-08-07 17:25:40
The problem with having only a small area available for that is the government would have a very large incentive to make sure that it failed. They would probably send saboteurs to fuck it up (like they have done in many movements in the past they have found to be annoying). Generally, the government would still have far too much power and money to let something like that happen. This is why bitcoin is such an important technology. It makes tax evasion and unlicensed commerce safer. When those activities get safe and easy enough, I don't think it will be a difficult choice for people to stop funding legitimized terrorists and thugs.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:11:42
Do they actually have access to those coins, or did DPR encrypt them? I'm hoping he did and has a brain wallet.
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:23:02
I'm near phoenix, az.
@_date: 2013-05-23 12:07:21
I hope that project never dies. It's good to see the folks at CJDNS and OpenTransaction making progress still. I'm also interested to see what implications a project like [paralella]( will have on a project like hocnet.
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:50:23


STOP GIVING THEM IDEAS!
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:04:38
Maybe, but I think with so many uncle tom's kowtowing to government regulation for validation of how revolutionary bitcoin can be, they have already sold it down the river and missed seeing the forest for the trees.
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2013-03-16 08:30:05
[I like this one.](
@_date: 2013-07-12 10:50:33
How do you mean? Where does credit score enter into it?
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:24:19
Do you mean like a fire proof usb key with the wallet backed up on it? At first I thought you were talking about a physical "billfold" type wallet, but now I understand you to be referring to a bitcoin wallet.
@_date: 2013-08-27 20:00:47
Whenever I hear that from the government my immediate thought is "Who, at whose expense, and at what cost?"
The answer to that question is often "The government, at my expense, at the cost of having to go to a rape-cage.
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:07:53
What specific problems do you have with libertarianism?
@_date: 2013-03-23 09:35:14
Oh god please don't get bitcoin involved with that. When will people realize statism is the problem with society. Technology enables us to move away from that and infecting it with more of the same will just fuck it up.