@_author: eiyukabe
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:31:31


By what legal system would they be "criminals"?
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:04:48
Hm, yes :P. Maybe I should spend less time with computers and more time with humans to better disguise myself.
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:30:05


Not really, he's right on the mark. He says "Ancaps love to pretend that ownership in general is some fundamental law of physics or something". Of course an ancap wouldn't *say* that is what they believe with such wording, but they tend to act like their view of property and ownership is objective instead of subjective (and tend toward deontological rhetoric to defend this starting point), so it is a viable observation.


Your example translates to a legislative body saying "we will not punish rapists", which is no better (but also no worse) than the state of nature. I for one am glad that the threat of imprisonment exists as a deterrent to rapists in many jurisdictions.
A slight aside, but "Ownership of one's body" is neither a necessary nor sufficient claim to evaluate the morality of rape outside of a highly-focused ideology that has to tie everything it can to ownership. I believe the fact that rape causes fear, pain, and trauma is enough of a justification for trying to prevent it. The imaginary concept of ownership need not enter the picture.


Stop right there.
Any time you want to "organize society", you have one of two hypothetical means of accomplishing that: voluntary or forceful. Really only the latter as if it was voluntary people would have already done it. For example, there will be murderers. If you wish to prevent them from murdering, you will have to lock them up (in what ancaps often call "cages") or kill them. Not everyone can be reasoned with. Whoever does this is your "government", unless you are picturing a society where everyone defends themselves (which has its own problems as not everyone is strong enough to defend themself). What this government does is "compulsory", at least from the perspective of the murderer. Is this innately wrong?
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:11:46
The difference between "perfect" and "as close to perfect as we can get" is vanishingly irrelevant from the pov of cult accusation.
Why do you think the same people who comprise the actions of the invisible hand constantly choose societies with "planners"* (really, regulators) then? Government is as much of an emergent property of mass human action as trade; to claim otherwise is special pleading. If you are going to accept the emergent behavior of individuals interacting with each other, you have to accept the results of trade as well as the results of government that sprung up since the dawn of man. Otherwise you are muckraking your own personal boogeyman with no rational support.
(* - It is noteworthy that few people want central planning, but many want reasonable regulations against fraud and breach of contract).
Regarding the "economic calculation problem" justification, this line of reasoning assumes that people are moving unhindered toward a similar goal, and specializing skillsets constrained by local data that is inefficient and noisy to broadcast will help everyone move forward faster. But human beings are petty and competitive, and as such you end up with the problem of crime (which wouldn't be called "crime" absent the legal system, but you get the picture).
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:56:59
My sense is the most general sense used by the most people. I'm sure you can come up with an example that fits any finite definition I can fathom that causes me pause; that's semantic quibbling. What you admit here (which I've long known) is that anarchists use a more constrained definition of government. Since the word "anarchist" uses "government" in its definition, and is a group identifier meant to be front-facing, this leads to great confusion for purposes I can not imagine. The result seems to me to be a group of people who think they are better than the rest of society because they are against "government", then when someone defensively argues with them they insert their own definition of "government" that most people don't use that sounds as awful as they can make it. They equivocate to look better than most people ("statists").
It feels like this: I am an alovist. I am against love. You are a filthy lovist. By the way, I define love as holding a person back from reaching their full potential. *Now* do you think love is good, now that I've redefined it (or hyper-focused on a negative side effect that can happen sometimes while ignoring the positives it can bring)?
The truth of the matter is that crime and invasion are problems. The entities that currently enforce against these patterns are called "governments". They can be good, bad, and anywhere in between. The entities that anarchists propose to replace governments (DROs, "private" police) are also governments (though anarchists, through their private lexicon, say otherwise). There is much to be gained from comparing worse governments to better governments. There is little to be gained by thinking that the majority of people ("statists") are wrong and that we don't need governments (and let's redefine governments to be extra bad to help our hipster image).
FWIW, I agree with you regarding the imbalance of power that police have. That means I want to fix government, not remove it.
@_date: 2014-12-19 14:09:18


Then, since people are simply groups of cells, they can't verb either I guess.
EDIT: That was a bit too short and snarky. All I'm getting at is that grouping units and fathoming collective action is an inescapably necessary abstraction for our limited minds to understand and communicate the world -- not something that is "flat out false". I believe it is absolutely incorrect to say that groups can't "do" something, as that goes against the evolution of human language (verbs simply are allowed to be applied to groups by convention -- and there is merit to my cell example; we don't have to describe what every muscular cell is doing when a person runs, we simply say they as a group of cells are "running" as a shortcut).
@_date: 2014-12-19 14:18:47
Does SSS think property is a fundamental law of physics or something?
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:37:48
Try learning how to read?
@_date: 2014-12-19 15:57:13
The Invisible Hand is fine as an abstraction (and no, I am not unaware of that sense). I am talking about people who infuse infallibility onto it. You may claim that at this point I am attacking a strawman as vanishingly few people view the IH in such a way, but then that is the point I was trying to make about the "statism is a religion" argument.
@_date: 2014-12-19 16:03:48
Oh come on. You shared his statement at SSS to make fun of him in an echo chamber. Since he made a reasonable claim (that it is human imagination+enforcement that defines property, most often in the form of agreed upon laws, not something found in nature), I assume you disagree with it. I then invited you to clarify.
The question isn't ridiculous, but your attack and evade is.
@_date: 2014-12-19 14:34:17


Sorry, what is this imaginary entity? Because governments actually exist, if that's what you're talking about. You may hold the opinion that they are "illegitimate", but to act like they don't exist (the definition of "imaginary") is lunacy. And if you simply misspoke, I recommend being more careful next time so as not to make yourself look like a worthless attention-seeking ass trying to feel better than 99% of the world's population.
@_date: 2014-12-19 16:14:07
Then why mock MFA? How is what he said incorrect? If you are able to imagine a world where everyone chooses not to steal and we thus don't need enforcement against theft, fine. Otherwise, he is making a reasonable observation about the real world -- unless I've missed something?
Ugh "you are doing that too much. try again in 7 minutes." Love reddit and its means of soft-censoring dissenting views through exhausting inconvenience. Not blaming anyone here, just venting :/
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:40:04
And since a legal system requires people to run it, that is your government. And these people have special license to enforce these laws, so you contradict yourself.
@_date: 2014-12-19 14:31:42
The "invisible hand" is more comparable to God than most states (N. Korea notwithstanding). It is worshiped, invisible (obviously), and can do no wrong. Just like how Christians define natural disasters as "for the better good" or "necessary punishment" or "done by the devil", anarchists define institutionalized poverty as "the best of all worlds" or "necessary punishment against the lazy" or "caused by the state". I almost choke on laughter whenever an ancap calls the vast and diverse set of people they label as "statists" the cult with no self-reflection.
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:42:34


No, there is a glass on your desk because the causal history of the universe configured those atoms in that manner. "Ownership" is merely an opinionated view on that glass. Though you can rest easily knowing that the state has mechanisms for preventing anyone who wants that glass from simply taking it.


If you want to know what *I* believe, I believe property is an opinionated abstraction that allows people to exclude use of natural atoms from others as they deem fit. I believe this is a very undeveloped way of viewing the world (a better way would be to view the world as a tree of actions leading to different states and choosing the action that lowers global pain and increases global happiness, which sometimes includes going against property claims such as when someone tries to monopolize a water source).


Just a word sequence without force to back it. Without a state to protect your property rights, someone bigger who wants it more can kill you and now it is "his" (just as arbitrarily). Unless you have your own private army and are comfortable they won't turn on you.