@_author: ejfox
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:13:33
I think describing the history of bitcoin should definitely be a fundamental part of learning about what it is.
I'm talking about the nitty-gritty details of our local community participating in something like that. You're making a lot of assumptions, the first and foremost being that people have smartphones capable of acting as a wallet, as many in this area do not. Some students may not even have computers in their home. 
If you're talking about selling to the wider bitcoin community through the web, like an online bake sale, that is interesting and I'd love to hear your thoughts about what that might look like. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:28:05
Haha, I didn't mean specifically from that site. I would say something like [this]( if only they took Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-05 05:52:55
I would think it would be silly to teach a class on Bitcoin without any to show the process in action. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:26:57
I'd love to be able to give kids their own wallet as an investment moving forward. When I was in elementary school we had a program where every student was set up with their own private bank account, and started off with some small amount ($5) and the idea was to help teach kids about basic finances, how to deposit, how to manage your money, etc. I'd love to set up the kids with something similar. In any case, I can't imagine any 'mining rig' we could afford would generate any particularly large sum of bitcoin, I would imagine it would be more of a teaching exercise. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:24:11


Where do you think education should be more focused? I think the wonderful thing about Bitcoin is it combines a wide variety of important concepts together into a package with an actual reward (money) that makes it tangible in a way those concepts usually aren't.
Cryptography? Great, hard to explain to a kid why they should care. But if you start from "what is a bitcoin?" and organically reach cryptography, they're eager to learn more on their own. I think that's the most appealing thing to me. Same with networks, and markets.


Can you expand on this? 
 &gt; Mining Rig??? Forget it. Its a waste of time that could have been used to learn skills.
Interesting to hear that from this crowd, thank you! I do think that building a computer is an important skill, and at the very least being comfortable enough with one to open it up and change a part is something I would be proud to see in my students. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:57:39


As you can imagine the government isn't going to fund any Bitcoin courses! I kid. 
As I mentioned in another comment, I'd love to set up each kid with a wallet with $5 of BTC in it as a lesson in finance and an investment for them. 
I would also hope that those who support Bitcoin would want to help further it's understanding in the world, and this is one way to do that that is within my doing. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:50:02


That's really great feedback because the mining rig is the least important / interesting part of my plan. If it rubs you the wrong way, you're certainly not alone. I think it would be better to just leave the mining rig out of the whole equation. 


That is an excellent idea. I have already had the students code basic HTML/CSS/JS to create their own personal websites. Hadn't thought to have them use git (or more likely I would teach them how to use GitHub). The problem with a bake sale app that accepts bitcoins is that none of the parents / people in our area really understand bitcoin (thus the class!) - are you suggesting shipping out baked goods in return for bitcoin or something similar?
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:06:08
Absolutely! You are definitely hitting the nail on the head. Personally, finding [this book]( as a youngster helped formulate my ideas about the future. 
We are very pro-open source, and we use &amp; love things like the Arduino and want to incorporate more of those ideas into courses, and I think this is an interesting opportunity to teach more of those concepts. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:56:40
I hate to say it- but you are describing a much larger community-wide course on Bitcoin. Which would be excellent but is out of my scope.
It is much easier to teach the children first, who then teach their parents (is this not how it always is?). I appreciate your ideas and feedback though!