@_author: ejfrancisoss
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:29:40


Offering an opinion without reading the article isn't very constructive. The article is much more than just the data itself, I would hope that if nothing else it offers an interesting read for those interested in Bitcoin. The term "evil" is never mentioned in the article, I just used it for the title because I thought it was a concise way to put it. Long reddit post titles tend to not do as well as short ones. There is no "evil index" and "evilness" is never discussed in the article. Just read the lead sentence or paragraph and you'd know what the article is *actually* about. I suppose I'm partly to blame for using the word "evil" in the title and expecting people to actually read the article, this is reddit after all. People like to read a title, read a few comments, and form an opinion without ever actually reading the linked content.
The assertion being questioned is whether or not the public should fear Bitcoin and how much it's actually been involved in crime. With upcoming regulations, lawmakers often cite illicit uses of Bitcoin as a reason to regulate. I wanted to see how legitimate of a claim that actually is. I fully admit that the data sets used are *not ideal*, you should try to find a public data set on Bitcoin-related crime published by the government. I couldn't find one.  Since there are no public data sets on Bitcoin and crime I used what was available: money laundering, internet crime, and tax evasion/fraud statistics. The most relevant data I could find. I put in a FOIA request to the FBI for a data set of all cases that mention Bitcoin since 2009, but they never got back to me. If they ever do I'll be happy to post it online for others to see and use.
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:08:50
Well as others have pointed out, the data sets I used aren't the most ideal, but they weren't insanely difficult to find as the government publishes plenty of data. Its really difficult to find data sets on  crime and Bitcoin. I submitted a FOIA request to the FBI requesting a data set on all crime records that mention Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies but they didn't respond in time for the article. 