@_author: ejlilley
@_date: 2012-01-24 18:25:35
Thanks for a highly interesting post! This is precisely the sort of shenanigans you get into when you start declaring certain pieces of data as somehow 'forbidden' or illegal. If only politicians were computer scientists... (in fact, if only *everyone* had some sort of CompSci understanding).
@_date: 2012-01-24 21:34:32
Indeed you have :D ...I finished the foundation series a few years ago. Looking for another big 'series' to get hooked on. Maybe some of that Neal Stephenson stuff?
Another issue is, at what point do you say that the act of transmitting data counts as an 'action' that could be 'illegal'; for example, you might say that a religious leader ordering her followers to kill all the infidels is committing a crime because she is performing the *action* of ordering unlawful killings -- but another way of looking at it is that she is simply transmitting data that happens to be in the form of words that we find distasteful.
Does freedom of expression translate into the freedom to send arbitrary strings of 0's and 1's whizzing around cyberspace? If no, then what if you set all the 0's and 1's to music? Or performed them in a play? Or, as mentioned above, performed some complicated bitwise xor-ing on behalf of a third party such that you, *in principle*, could not possibly know what information you're transmitting for the benefit of that person.
@_date: 2012-01-24 18:18:38
This is the central issue. How can a string of 0's and 1's be considered to be inherently immoral? I suppose governments have found a way by simply declaring it thus - I take no position on this (well, I do, but not for the purposes of this discussion). You could make the claim that only human actions can be immoral, and not data resulting from human actions. Would it be possible to blur the line between an action taken by a human and data generated by the action of a human? Certainly; this is basically what computers &amp; the internet do all the time.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:50:51
Don't know about anyone else, but the reason *I* would make the purchase in BTC (rather than GPB, in my case), is that bitcoins are an *interesting novelty*; and I feel that by storing a small amount of wealth as BTC, and making occasional purchases with them, I can play my part in helping the bitcoin economy along. I don't have a large amount invested in it, but I am keen to see it get off the ground.