@_author: ekrenzke
@_date: 2019-07-19 12:13:33
The options are not great.
You could possibly use something like WBTC from BitGo, but the underlying collateral is still custodial, and you would have to build it on Ethereum. I believe stablecoins pegged to Bitcoin are feasible.
In the future, you could possibly use something from Keep Network or Summa One to enable non-custodial transfers, but you would probably use a supported smart contract platform instead of native Bitcoin Script. It might be worth throwing Polkadot and Cosmos in this category as well.
Lastly, you could explore available sidechains, such as Liquid (Blockstream) or Rootstock, but both require quite a bit of overhead. I have not looked into it much, but I have also heard a little bit about RGB, which is supposedly built on top of Lightning. Alternatively, you could check out the Rainbow Network by Dan Robinson to get some ideas; but building it on top of Lightning Network comes with its own limitations.
@_date: 2018-10-30 23:57:02
Thanks for taking the time to comment. I will get straight to the point: ILP is not competing with LN. You can actually run a ledger plug-in that connects the Bitcoin Lightning Network to non-compatible blockchains. The Lightning Network community has done a lot of brilliant research within the past year. Alex Bosworth's work on submarine swaps and alternatives to atomic swaps deserves a lot more credit, and people like Olaoluwa Osuntokun should be celebrated, but their primary focus is and will be: scaling bitcoin. ILP is quite different from LN for a few reasons, and I highly recommend checking out the [rfcs repo]( on github to learn a little more if you are interested in details.


The Lightning Network is more of a scalability layer than it is an interoperability layer. There are some properties of interoperability, but it does not strive for cross-currency compatibility. Regardless, Interledger is compatible across scalability networks like LN, Raiden, Plasma, or any other proposal.


The same goes for ILP!


Technically, a working version of ILP predates a working version of the LN, but I am not trying to diminish the efforts of Lightning Labs, Blockstream, or Acinq. Without their projects, transactions would be quite expensive on ILP, but still very much possible. The original ILP whitepaper actually outlines an escrow system not too dissimilar from LN, but was abandoned due to the potential risk of cross-currency financial denial of service attacks like the "free option" problem for atomic swaps.


This could just as easily apply for the Lightning Network which you are arguing *for,* so it is a moot point. Interledger is compatible with other interoperability protocols, whereas LN is arguably not. That does not make LN inferior. This is not an attempt to vilify LN or any of its hard-working contributors. ILP and LN are complementary and should not be seen as adversarial in my opinion.
If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out on reddit, twitter, github, or the gitter channels. Thanks for your time!
@_date: 2019-12-16 19:04:10
What upcoming Bitcoin feature are you most excited about and why?
@_date: 2018-11-06 21:13:42
This guy constantly follows and unfollows me on Twitter. I would not be surprised by other astro-turfing attempts that landed him a ban. The content is generally uninspired, so it's not like he was banned for being some kind of provocateur. Still, I don't wish anybody's livelihood to be taken away, and I hope he is unbanned.