@_author: el33th4xor
@_date: 2016-08-05 22:21:48
It is, indeed, a new post on one of many ways to scale Bitcoin, by those authors, is it not?
Science starts by being able to calmly evaluate claims. 
@_date: 2016-08-05 18:54:09
No Paul, your shallow, hand-wavy attack fails. Here are some of the things that are wrong with it:
In this scenario, where A collects all-but-a-small-discount (90℅) of the revenue through a side channel, there are no transaction fees in its microblocks. So, B is not incentivized to follow them. If A does this, a rational B will simply ignore A's microblocks and place his key block straight after A's key block, leaving out A's transactions.
 
And this is exactly the point of the fee distribution of NG. The users are motivated to split the fees correctly to motivate A to place their transactions and to motivate B to follow them. 100-0 fails, 0-100 fails, and other extreme splits fail, as well. The paper derives the correct ratio to ensure incentive compatibility by setting up a system of constraints. 40-60 is one of a class of incentive compatible splits that work.
Further, a little bit of reflection should make someone question the very premise of such attacks. Bitcoin fees atomically compensate an anonymous miner, whereas this failed attack scenario requires a non-atomic side channel payment to a named miner. That makes this class of scenarios non trivial to implement securely. If the client sends the funds to A in a separate transaction, A may place only that transaction. If it's simply an output that grants the 90% fee to A, but A loses its leadership before the transaction makes it to the blockchain, the user ends up with a transaction that only one miner is willing to place. 
You have been particularly hostile, and have been repeating this scenario as if it's a really clever discovery. Hope this polite note points out why your "attack" is a failure. I encourage you to develop the idea to a bit higher depth next time.
Best of luck.
@_date: 2016-08-05 21:31:23
Paul, your hand-wavy argument fails because it fundamentally lacks any accounting for the users. Let me explain.


Indeed, if users were to follow your "attack," this might happen. And this outcome is the reason users would not use your suggested "attack." They would instead use the 40-60 split which takes them away from this highly undesirable situation. 


There is no notion of permanence in the PoW-blockchain world. It's all about probability. This is an elementary mistake.


False. Let's go through the comparison quickly:
Bitcoin 0-confirmation: instant, but provides no assurance
Bitcoin 1-confirmation: takes 10 minutes for PoW, provides some assurance
Bitcoin 6-confirmation: takes an hour, provides high assurance
NG microblock-conf: takes a few seconds, provides some assurance
NG next-key-block-conf: takes 10 minutes for PoW, equivalent to Bitcoin 1-conf
NG 6-confirmation: takes an hour, provides high assurance
NG provides strictly stronger guarantees with better performance. A deeper discussion is in the full paper and I will not repeat it here unless you have further questions. You can find some deeper discussions with the good people at the Bitcoin developer mailing list. 


You seem to be assuming that the user knows all the miners. That goes counter to the entire premise of the system. You sound like you're naturally drifting into "private blockchain" territory -- it's not Bitcoin any more.


We've had extended discussions on NG with some of the world's top blockchain experts, as opposed to self-proclaimed ones. Some of it online, as mentioned above. You have yet to raise a point that has not been discussed before. 
@_date: 2016-08-06 19:00:17
Technical arguments lost, you are reduced to wailing, self-proclaiming that you are still an expert against all odds, referring to yourself in the plural, and repeating copypasta.
@_date: 2016-08-05 10:43:56
This is incorrect. We have debunked this false claim at this link, under "direct miner payment": 








The NG paper provides a derivation of the fee split that is guaranteed to be incentive compatible. If you want to debunk math, you need to furnish proof. 
@_date: 2016-08-06 09:45:00
Sounds like you ran out of material points and, as a self-proclaimed Bitcoin-expert-sans-accomplishments, cannot admit to having put forward refuted, faulty arguments.
@_date: 2016-06-08 23:13:23
Thank you for the kind words. We do not plan to monitor the miners to detect miner misbehavior of any kind. This is just community service: we want to aid decentralization and scaling up.
@_date: 2016-06-08 23:22:45
I'm one of the people behind the system, and you probably wanted to hear from one of the personalities whose voice is louder than their actual contributions, but let me do my best anyway: This is great for Bitcoin. The more quickly blocks are distributed around the network, the more democratized the networks and the better for decentralization. Falcon complements the existing relay network, and our hope at this point is that it is easier to use and will achieve even lower latencies, by using a different technique for quickly distributing the blocks around the globe. More relay networks reduce our reliance on any one relay network operator, and that is good in and of itself. This speaks the existing Bitcoin protocol on the wire, so it has no security implications for anyone -- it's just a public service. 
My best ELI5 analogy is, someone came to your town and built a highway. Enjoy the reduced congestion!
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:34:43
Your comment is off topic for the article, and got all the facts wrong:
* I'm not an Ethereum founder.
* I have never had anything invested in The DAO.
* I do prefer a hard fork, for three reasons: (1) i believe that a hard fork will be the best outcome for all cryptocurrencies, a space in which I have invested a portion of my career, (2) my internal compass tells me that it is the path of least pain for all DAO investors except the hacker, and I believe in maximizing social good, (3) quite selfishly, I want to go on a quiet, uneventful vacation on the beach without further corewars and drama.
Your accusations are absolutely terrible and reflect badly on you.
I have worked hard to improve cryptocurrencies overall, and have done much for Bitcoin (e.g. the Falcon network which aids decentralization was posted here just recently; my group developed Covenants to deter Bitcoin thefts; we invented Bitcoin-NG to sidestep the maximum block size debate and improve scalability; I played a behind the scenes role in reining in GHash, in set difference techniques that led to xthin blocks, etc etc. I have also spoken to regulators to convince them of the value of a light touch when it comes to this nascent area).
Sadly, some people in this community hate academics.
In short, your claims are baseless. More importantly, your accusations and negativity are undeserved.
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:50:40
Anyone can join Falcon, and it's very much about decentralization. Note, however, that Reddit jumped the gun here. The service is *just* being rolled out. We wanted to bring up a few nodes online in China before announcing it publicly. My other comment has more details.
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:35:58
That's false. See my comment above. 
@_date: 2016-06-09 12:22:15
It'd be a costly waste for you, as you would have to solve a proof of work puzzle, and a quick, transient issue for us. I don't think it'd be worth the block reward you're giving up. And it'd work only once, we'd block you forever.
We appreciate the attack-oriented thinking!
@_date: 2016-06-09 12:23:40
No, the rest of the network still exists and operates as normal. If Falcon failed wholesale, things would go back to how they were right before we launched Falcon. This really is purely good for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:49:18
Hi Reddit! Prof. Sirer here. Excellent sleuthing! This project has been made available to a small group for initial testing, but had not been announced widely yet. We are still in the early deployment and testing phase.
Overall, the FAQ here probably answers most questions (
Our overall goal is to help aid decentralization by reducing the network latencies between miners and full nodes. It's healthy for Bitcoin to have alternative dissemination techniques and networks designed for those techniques. In particular, the trick we use was not being employed or even considered by others, so we built and are deploying this prototype. We are looking forward to a healthier, more decentralized ecosystem.
We are actively looking for sponsors to help defray the costs of running the network. And more generally, as one of the main academic efforts in the area of cryptosystems, we are also looking for bright people to join our program as students and more broadly tackle the big open research problems in this space, and more immediately, to join our nascent open source projects, whether that's Falcon or one of the many others underway. If you are interested, please get in touch with me via email.
@_date: 2016-06-08 23:14:15
:-) Ok, that's fair. 
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:28:03
Hi Martijn,
Prof. Sirer here. Very quickly, to your points:
1. The existing relay network is most definitely meant to be used for multi-hop scenarios. Matt has a hand-crafted topology between his nodes for this purpose, and instructs users to connect to at most one node, typically the one with the lowest ping time. The existing relay network will internally disseminate the blocks very quickly, and send them onto clients, typical for any dynamic, multi-hop, content distribution network. 
2. It's always difficult to characterize other people's work, and we always want to be as nice as possible. In particular, we do not want to impute any goals or aspirations to the existing relay network that it may not have. So, we took our cues from Matt Corallo's BIP-152 writeup. Recall that BIP-152 essentially describes the main trick used in the existing relay network. In the BIP, Matt characterizes this trick as being primarily for bandwidth savings. So that's how we characterized it. Bandwidth and latency are, of course, interlinked -- a network that optimizes primarily for bandwidth will also likely achieve latency savings.
Overall, we are huge fans of the existing relay network, which has served the community well. I believe we were accurate and charitable in our characterization of its properties. 
P.S. I'm pressed for time today, will add links later.
@_date: 2016-06-09 12:19:32
Thank you for cluing me in, I edited out the address.
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:39:46
Hi Reddit! Prof. Sirer here. Excellent sleuthing! This project has been made available to a small group for initial testing, but had not been announced widely yet. We are still in the early deployment and testing phase. 
Overall, the FAQ here probably answers most questions ( 
Our overall goal is to help aid decentralization by reducing the network latencies between miners and full nodes. It's healthy for Bitcoin to have alternative dissemination techniques and networks designed for those techniques. In particular, the trick we use was not being employed or even considered by others, so we built and are deploying this prototype. We are looking forward to a healthier, more decentralized ecosystem.
We are actively looking for sponsors to help defray the costs of running the network. And more generally, as one of the main academic efforts in the area of cryptosystems, we are also looking for bright people to join our program as students and more broadly tackle the big open research problems in this space, and more immediately, to join our nascent open source projects, whether that's Falcon or one of the many others underway. If you are interested, please get in touch with me via email. 
@_date: 2016-06-30 11:41:48
Good grief. It has been 3 years since the Selfish Mining paper. Selfish Mining is well-understood, widely-accepted, and was used repeatedly by both sides during the maximum blocksize debate. It established new limits for Nakamoto consensus, akin to the 3f+1 limit from Lamport, for which he received the Turing award, among other things. It's a significant and fundamental new discovery, and it showed that the old claims about a majority were completely wrong, even though quite a few people here still repeat them as truth to this day. It is very clear what broken means in that context -- your statement captures it perfectly. 
What you're really demanding here is some kind of social atonement for my perceived past sins, a pushback on an academic for interfering with an ongoing price pump and group euphoria at the time. The social dynamic you're voicing is "I'm justified in being a jerk and calling you all sorts of absurd names forever, because I once felt that your usage of a term was misunderstood by others and interfered with my interests." 
One can just as easily flip this around and say: "Isn't it time for the extreme anti-science/pro-pump elements of the Bitcoin community to learn to interface with academics and scientists or at least tolerate them and their language?" After all, the same people claim to be technologically advanced users, so speaking with other technologists should not cause this much difficulty, cause grudges to be carried for 3+ years, and used to justify uncivil behavior. 
I'm trying to be conciliatory here, but if you're carrying that grudge from 3+ years ago, I don't think there is much I can do. It's time to look forward. There are tons of upcoming challenges in cryptocurrencies, and this kind of petty infighting, name calling and grudge carrying distracts from all of that.
@_date: 2016-06-08 22:32:23
Thanks! We have a donation address at IC3 ( that we have been using to collect bug bounties from systems we have fixed as well as to serve as a grad student beer fund. 
Edit: edited out the bitcoin address.
@_date: 2016-12-22 19:14:42
No worries, glad we cleared it up.
@_date: 2016-12-22 19:19:20


This is pretty much what Teechan does. Except, you know, corner cases. :-)
@_date: 2016-12-22 19:13:23
IME is a management service that is designed to be used by a datacenter operator to reboot non-responsive nodes. I believe it can be simply disabled either in the BIOS or by ensuring that no IME packets reach the host via the firewall.
But even if IME was enabled and was under the control of an adversary, nothing about IME would affect SGX enclaves -- IME has access only to the system bus, whereas SGX is implemented inside the core of the CPU. IME cannot access the encrypted memory of an enclave. 
P.S. We've set up 500+ machines here, and we have had much more difficulty getting IME to actually work than the other way around. As a privacy conscious researcher, I understand that that page is trying to raise awareness about a little-known and little-used on-board functionality, and I agree with that, but it reads very much like FUD. It's your machine and network: if you don't send IME packets, it's not a concern for normal computations, and it's certainly not a concern for SGX enclaves. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 22:46:41
As expected, you're mindlessly trying to tap into other sources of FUD. Good luck with that.
@_date: 2016-12-23 22:07:54
We have explicitly chosen not to say anything at all about routing, leaving it to future work. Teechannels are point-to-point. It's Teechan, not the Teechan Network. 
@_date: 2016-12-25 00:50:45
**UPDATE: I had a discussion with Matthew Green where he explicitly said that he was NOT referring to Teechan, but was instead "referring to Greg Maxwell's idea of using SGX for privacy."** Here's the [confirmation from Prof. Green](
This is one of the most misleading submissions I have seen. Let me explain why:
**This quote does not mean what the OP suggests it means**. Let me describe what I think Matthew is referring to, why I agree with it, and why Teechan is immune to this concern. Let me also describe why the_bob, who has been desperately trying to sling various different kinds of mud to see what will stick, is committing a cardinal sin. 
The linked discussion is about the process of attestation, that is, proving to a remote party that you are executing a particular application in a trusted environment. Matthew is pointing out that this process might have some leaks about the identities of the two parties. 
Now, he does not spell out his exact concern, but I suspect he is concerned that the SGX specification does not provide a strong guarantee on this front, and that the various keys issued and used during attestation might allow others to track users, to link their activities across time. (Edit: I was precisely right. Matthew Green was referring to Greg Maxwell's idea of using SGX for ensuring CoinJoin privacy, where SGX attestation is trusted to not leak users' identities during tumbling. Indeed, that's a bad use case for SGX, and Greg's idea is at best dangerous. Teechan's use case is completely different).
This is a total non-concern for the Teechan prototype, because Teechan is not a privacy system. If you and I have a channel, you know precisely who is on the other side of that channel. Even if the attestation process were to leak my CPUID to you, you would learn nothing about me that you did not know before, namely, my Bitcoin address, and the host through which I'm communicating with you. 
Further, the Teechan prototype on SGX leaves no identifying marks on the blockchain related to the attestation process. Like LN, it works via 2-of-2 multisig transactions, using Bitcoin keys supplied by the user. There is no mechanism by which the hardware vendor can fingerprint these transactions. It's just the same as your wallet computing an ECDSA signature, except it happens inside an enclave, just the same way it happens inside a Ledger or Trezor.
And it's critical to note that Teechan is a general mechanism; it is not tied to SGX. We went one step above just issuing a whitepaper describing a protocol, by also building a proof-of-concept prototype on SGX. Yet one could build it with custom hardware tomorrow, and *even if Intel's latest technology, in which it invested $10+B was completely broken*, it would not affect the Teechan protocol at all.
@_date: 2016-12-22 18:36:36


No. Bitcoin and the blockchain are unaffected. The trust consists of you and I trusting that the two endpoints that created the channel are running SGX hardware, to keep our funds secure. It's kind of like a single user trusting a Trezor with her funds, except in this case, we have a distributed Trezor-like hardware for two people that ensures that the two parties can only interact in well-defined ways and cannot steal the money in the channel. If this hardware is compromised somehow (which is a big IF -- such attacks require expensive facilities and reverse engineering the CPU), the only thing that's affected is the amount in the channel. 
The trustlessness of Bitcoin remains unaffected by Teechan.
@_date: 2016-12-22 21:33:28
Your comments and insinuations are incorrect, so you should expect a professor to correct them. And surely, you should be able to defend them without having to resort to ad hominems involving my day job. I could quit Cornell tomorrow and everything I said would still be right.
**IME, even if enabled and commandeered by an attacker, will not compromise the protocol**. 
Users will indeed need SGX hardware, something we point out in the original post as well. Luckily, it comes for free, contrary to your claims above.
Good luck with the futile FUD campaign. It makes you look more ridiculous with every comment.
@_date: 2016-06-09 12:27:04
Thanks! We are excited about it, and indeed, there's much more happening in Bitcoin than the never-ending blocksize debate.
@_date: 2016-12-23 22:10:30
The Teechan architecture is built on a trusted execution environment and requires a few primitives from it; namely, attestation, integrity and confidentiality during execution, and a secure random number generator. We’ve built our prototype of Teechan using Intel’s SGX, delivering 2480 tx/sec with sub-millisecond latency in optimal conditions, running at full duplex. 
To use production compilation and remote attestation, which is a key feature in Intel’s SGX specification, one currently has to apply for a license. Any parties wishing to acquire such a license need to converse with Intel: they do grant such licenses, though we are in no position to explain their business decisions or processes. Greg has mentioned that his company has had difficulty obtaining one, though his interactions took place a few months ago, with someone who has now left the company, so they may not be representative. 
 
Since there is technically no difference between the two, our Teechan prototype can be executed in SGX debug mode, without a license, or in SGX production mode, with a license. We have run our measurements in SGX debug mode and generated transactions on the testnet. 
And let’s not lose sight of a key design point: the Teechan protocol is independent of the underlying trusted execution environment. We believe Trusted Platform Modules (TPMs), available from multiple vendors, can just as readily be used to support Teechannels. In fact, such heterogeneous hardware support would be beneficial for the ecosystem, allowing those who distrust one vendor to use another. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 19:17:51
$10 Million, plus assembling the team required to reverse-engineer the chip and extract secrets, and you end up getting no more than the $100 I would put in a channel with you. And I would know you stole it from me. 
Bitcoin remains trustless and unaffected by Teechan. Teechan is solely for a pair of parties who have decided to open a payment channel.
@_date: 2016-12-24 03:16:54
Ah, good question! 
We are currently busy trying to wrap up the software release. We expect that to be done within a few weeks. 
Frankly, we are not yet sure what comes after that. It looks like there is quite a lot of commercial interest in Teechan. We would be happy to forge a partnership with a company that has the resources to see this technology adopted into a product line / deployed / supported / etc. 
No plans yet for any public presentations, but there will undoubtedly be some. That's the best way to start high-bandwidth discussions. I expect the researchers who did the heavy lifting here, Joshua Lind and Dr. Ittay Eyal, will give talks at different venues.
@_date: 2016-12-22 18:45:37
Teechan uses 2-of-2 multisig transactions. In our current prototype, a device that goes offline will not have its state reflect the payments that the other side sent, so he should ask the other side to close the channel -- it's possible to improve on this, but we have not written that code yet. But the bottom line is that downtime does not enable any counterparty misbehavior.
Details here: 
@_date: 2016-12-22 19:47:19
Since the focus of your FUD has moved elsewhere, I assume you're retracting your claims about IME. That's progress.
As for the rather dated text you quoted: I believe the latest version of SGX is reported to use ring  signatures so even Intel doesn't know which precise CPU is contacting it. Even if it did not, and even if Intel had the exact same key as what's inside the SGX hardware, and even if Intel were to somehow ditch their entire multi-billion dollar investment in SGX to attack your payment channel that holds a few hundred dollars, they would still not be able to affect Teechan's operation, as they would not have access to the channel state and other information that is in the enclave. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 18:30:30
Ideally, we'd build up a community effort around Teechan and evolve the  implementation to interoperate with LN. If anyone is interested in helping out, please get in touch with us.
@_date: 2016-12-22 21:10:48


Ok, you've done a great job of trying to spread FUD, but it is thoroughly unconvincing to people who understand the protocols and the threat models. IME (if enabled, and if an attacker can get packets to it via a firewall) sits on the bus and cannot compromise SGX guarantees at all. The Devadas paper is great, and even if the sensationalistic press quote you mentioned were true, it still would not open Teechan to attack. Finally, SGX is not outpriced-for-consumers; on my platform, it came with the CPU for free.
This batch of noise had no traction. I'm afraid you'll have to find another FUD source. 