@_author: el_producto
@_date: 2018-08-29 19:32:22
As a currency, I struggle to see BTC becoming widely used for payments. Deflation is an enormous problem for a currency and BTC has inherently deflationary tendencies.
The problem is exacerbated if there are alternative currencies. Why would you make purchases with a deflationary currency that you believe will be worth more over time when you could do so with an inflationary one that you expect will be worth less over time?
I'm a BTC agnostic when it comes to BTC as a commodity. Maybe it will be worth 50k this time next year based off of perceptions of value. But as a currency it's designed for failure.
@_date: 2018-08-28 21:41:03




If bitcoin is a commodity, something to buy and hold for profit, you have a point here.
If Bitcoin is a currency, or if its value as a commodity is dependent on its long-term success as a currency, the dramatic fluctuations in price (both on the way up and the way down) are a pretty big issue and something people are right to be extremely wary of.
@_date: 2018-08-28 22:59:46
By this logic, the US Dollar and the Venezuelan Bolivar are equally volatile because they both keep changing prices relative to each other.
We have lots of national currencies in the world. The well-regarded ones have a great deal of price stability relative to other currencies generally. The ones with bad price stability are generally avoided by those with means to do so.
IMO there's really no scenario where Bitcoin won't be highly volatile relative to real currencies (bear in mind, a 10% change in value over a year represents a pretty drastic one by currency standards), in part due to fundamental design reasons. Though it might be possible for it not to be as volatile as it has been thus far in its history.
@_date: 2018-12-12 15:59:18




This is an argument that BTC has value because of its uses as a currency. So the question of how its volatility affects its utility as a currency is highly relevant.


This argument does *not* depend on BTC's success as a currency. But BTC has shown itself to be a pretty *terrible* "store of value." It has shown itself to be a highly volatile value gamble--an investment that has relatively high odds of doubling but also has relatively high odds of halving in value.
There may be an argument that BTC is a good investment in the same way some startup tech companies with iffy business plans and uncertain futures are good investments. But the pitch for a volatile growth stock or other risky commodity play isn't based on "storing value" it's based on expected returns and upside scenarios.
When you talk about "stores of value" by implication you're talking about things that you expect to be relatively safe investments with limited downside risk. Real estate tends to be a pretty good store of value as long as you're not overleveraged. A lot of boring, blue chip stocks are pretty good stores of value. Bonds tend to be pretty good stores of value. All *can* lose 10-20% in value, even more. All are pretty unlikely to lose 50%+ in value for more than a short period, and some are unlikely to lose that much for even brief periods.
There's a bull case that can be made for BTC, but it's not based on BTC being an awesome store of value.
You know what's an awesome store of value? Any relatively simple, non-securitized AAA US or corporate bond denominated in the fiat dollar currency that BTC true believers love to shit all over. With a central bank steering inflation and smoothing out the monetary supply to deal with demand shocks, the odds of you making about as much in interest as you lose to inflation are excellent. The odds of you losing half your investment aren't zero, but they're very low.
