@_author: eldonedu
@_date: 2015-02-28 18:08:22
My son prompted me to get involved in this discussion.  He is a lawyer, very interested in cryptocurrencies and securities, and he has got me doing some research on the future economics of Bitcoin.  
I also happen to have studied and followed Ecuador’s economy for decades now, even lived there for a few years, getting to know Mr. Correa.  
I liked the article in the Guardian (congratulations), and some of the discussion.  But there are some points that are not being fully understood, particularly on how Ecuador’s electronic money relates to crypto (or digital) currencies.  They are actually on the opposite ends of the spectrum.
  
Ecuador’s electronic money is fully controlled, even administered, by the Central Bank, using a centralized ledger.  It is essentially now a state monopoly in the electronic transactions space. There are all types of limitations, even on the amount of individual daily transactions.   It is backed by, and can be convertible into, US dollars that will be deposited in the Central Bank.  
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is a decentralized system, with its own digital currency, not backed by any other asset.  The blockchain is available to all nodes, and has incredible innovation potential.  It is not limited to pre registered participants using electronic equipment; it is in fact a system for peer to peer transactions, where a peer can be an electronic node.  It is a totally different concept. 
Two interesting points raised in earlier comments that should be clarified.   First, the electronic money is fully convertible into US dollars, at parity (1:1).  The key issue is whether that parity will be maintained.  For many years, President Correa has been against the dollarization, but has been unable to change it.  The electronic money could be a vehicle to undo the dollarization, if the parity is broken.  But, it is doubtful that would happen in the foreseeable future.     
Second, all dollars used to open an electronic money account in Ecuador will be deposited in the Central Bank.  Yes, the $$ leave the banking system and become an asset of the Central Bank (with a corresponding liability in the form of the electronic money).  So, you can say that the Central Bank will now be in direct competition with the rest of the banking system, as the electronic transactions increase.
The key issue is how will the Central Bank manage its assets or how will they employ those dollars, received when people open an electronic account.  If they hold them in the form of actual currency, then it is easy to understand how the electronic money is fully backed.  But, if the Central Bank lends those dollars, let us say to the Social Security system, then the backing of the electronic money becomes the ability of the Central Bank to collect from the social security system (or any of its borrowers).  
There is a lot more to this interesting introduction of centralized electronic money in Ecuador.  But, it is not much related to Bitcoin
