@_author: electronic-dad
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:35:08
This is a bit long winded, but bear with me:
If you don't have control over your private keys, you don't have control of your bitcoin.  When your BTC is stored a website, an exchange or otherwise out of your hands directly, you don't control the keys.
When the fork occurs, Bitcoin will still exist, but Bitcoin Cash will be created.  If you have 0.3 BTC, you will also have access to 0.3 BCC after the fork, but this is *only* guaranteed if you control the Bitcoin and private keys prior to the fork.
Imagine it like this:
You hand $20 USD to a friend. Your friend has full control of the money while it's out of your hands. You can tell that friend what to do with the money, but ultimately it's in their wallet, not yours.  This is a risk as old as time, and a reality of all exchanges and storage sites for Bitcoin.
However, there's now a twist.  Someone decided they wanted to create a new currency, and in doing so, they handed everyone with USD the same amount in MegaDollars (MD).  You would have gotten the $20 in MD if you still had the $20 USD in your wallet.  Instead, your friend got the $20 MD.
So you decide to ask for your $20 USD back, and you want the $20 MD too! It was your money after all, right?
Now there's two potential problems:
1. You get your USD back, but your friend decides he wants to keep the MD.
2. Your friend decides he doesn't deal with USD anymore. He only deals with MD and if you want your money back, he's only going to hand you the $20 MD.
Long story short, if you want to make sure you get everything you should, you should put your BTC in a wallet that you have the private keys for.  There's no sure way of knowing what will happen to your money otherwise.
Coinbase has come out and said:




So if you want the BCC that your BTC will provide, pull it out.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:44:51
I don't use coinbase myself, but you're going to want to create a wallet (with software like [Electrum]( and send the money to an address within that wallet. I'd recommend doing a little research beforehand so you're comfortable in doing so. Send a small amount as a test first, etc.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:56:57
You can transfer your BTC there, sure. I've honestly been out of the exchange scene for a few years now, but they appear to be supporting and crediting BTC owners with BCC there.
However, it's a risk move just like anything else.  I've been burned by exchanges before and ultimately choose to rely on myself exclusively.