@_author: electrictaters
@_date: 2017-11-05 03:26:08
You've rephrased the 'proof of work' idea that makes me reconsider things.
I wouldn't have said that gold is necessarily 'rare' due to the work associated in mining it. I can dig in my backyard for the next year and maybe get a flake of gold. That flake shoudn't be worth more than the ore mined in the Dominican Republic because my flake took more work - it's a consensus driven thing.
There's an underlying value of gold - derived from its use with electronics/manufacturing. There's the 'pretty' value from jewelry/ostentation. Then there's the communal value of what a gold bar costs, because governments hold them as a store of value, and the market responds with overall supply/demand dependent on the current status of the world.
Bitcoin address the scarcity/deflationary concept like gold. Viewed solely as a currency - it's the same concept as a store of value/immutable, etc. etc., but weighs less.
I'm not clear on your comment from the UCLA prof, can you explain that more?
@_date: 2017-11-05 02:53:15
Jesus Christ. I'm on the btc train and this is still some nonsense hype drivel. Linking wikipedia on exponential growth ain't proof of anything.
Source on the S-Curve chart? Who knew it was possible to read the future till 2025 with an chart that doesn't even label axes?


It's growth *has been* exponential. Don't make a future projection on that - at some point, it's obviously unsustainable.
Quick gutcheck on the basic supply/demand of a value of currency: BTC is modeled after gold to be deflationary, limited, harder to acquire over time etc. as you mention. Is the price of gold exponential? No. Viewing btc through this currency-equivalent lens shows it's not going to continue this exponential trend.
There's more than the 'currency' view to crypto, but this post glosses over it in the most haphazard of ways.
To reiterate, I'm on the same side as you of being pro-bitcoin and pro-crypto, but this is a circlejerk. The only sentence of potential merit is "Also, behind the curtains there is a huge growth in the bitcoin ecosystem development that a regular folk can't see because it's ignored by the media." -&gt; which says nothing. Don't hype it with broad statements - people will buy into it and get burned due to their ignorance.
@_date: 2017-11-05 06:08:14
To backup - I'm not against what you've said. Your reclarification on proof of work just made me rethink my mental framework.
To clarify my second point - there is a 'base' value of gold due it's use with electronics. A core functionality as a material, not a consensus built value of 'it looks nice' and 'we can all hold it'.  I agree that it's not the driver of the price of gold, but I'm just walking through my mental framework of how bitcoin translates to gold, value-wise. As this demand exists, gold can't be worth $0. Just trying to translate where possible to crypto.
And yeah, that article is a lot of nonsense.