@_author: electr0freak
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:23:33


@_date: 2017-12-19 15:30:13
Adorable doge!
@_date: 2014-04-12 15:44:29
Hey Bitcoiners, I'm a Dogecoiner. I know a lot of you think we're ridiculous and our coin is a joke. Well, it was, but Bitcoin started out as a proof of concept and grew well beyond that, so you all know how something can easily grow far beyond its original purpose. 
Dogecoin has succeeded so well because of its laid-back nature and approachability. Digital currencies are an imposing concept to businesses and consumers alike, and their volatile / speculative nature have slowed widespread adoption as currency.
Recent events have damaged the image of digital currency, making it appear to be too risky of an investment. 
I think we, Bitcoin and altcoins alike, need to fight that image. Over in r/dogecoin, we're doing that by encouraging donations to charity, which shows everyone that our digital coin has value which can make real, positive impacts on the world. We tip each other like crazy to remind ourselves that Dogecoin is a currency to be spent, not just held out of circulation where it contributes little to value. We tip others so that they become curious about the new currency they own and how they might spend it or acquire more. We are sponsoring a NASCAR driver, wrapping his car in our design to bring media attention to what we are. We have anonymous members tipping celebrities huge sums to donate to the poor, for the media attention and subsequent good cause.
The value of Dogecoin is tied directly to Bitcoin. When you suffer, we suffer too. We have a common goal, to improve the image and demand for cryptocurrencies so that we gain value, financial stability, and widespread adoption. 
I realize I'm preaching to the choir here, but I hope it helps show that, as ridiculous as us Dogecoiners are, we're serious about seeing our coin succeed, and we realize it probably won't unless Bitcoin does well too. Our accelerated mining timeline (we'll essentially be mined out except for a trickle by the end of the year) will be a litmus test for what's in store for Bitcoin in years to come.
To conclude, we do sincerely appreciate your support. I know many of you think we're a joke coin doomed to failure, and perhaps we are, but my hope is that at least we can show the world that anyone can use digital currency and that its many benefits will make it the financial medium of the future. 
Disclosure: I hold a small amount of Dogecoin.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:59:07
Aaaahahaha! 