@_author: electronicexorcist
@_date: 2016-04-07 11:19:21
It may not be enough to prove beyond a reasonable doubt in court that you made a transaction, but it might be enough to get a warrant to search your home, where they may find other more incriminating things.
@_date: 2016-04-08 12:25:26
Same thing here.  I just did my first transaction with Coinbase and after waiting a fucking week for the coins to show up in the cb wallet, I transfered them to my electrum wallet.  It has now been almost an hour and it is still not showing up in Electrum.
Inside Coinbase, it shows up as Pending with 0 confirmations.
For comparison, when I send btc from Circle, the transaction shows up within a few minutes with 0 confirmations, and things move through as expected.
My guess is that Coinbase uses a very small fee, so it might need to wait a while til a miner finds it.  At this point, I'm not calling foul, but it is problematic and a little more stressful than it needs to be.
EDIT: a few minutes after posting this message, the transaction just showed up.  So it has been about an hour from when they said they sent it til it showed up in Electrum.  It is still pending with 0 confirmations, but at least it is on the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-04-06 21:04:26
The problem with that is that it is still remarkably easy to follow the blockchain to see that you sent from Circle to your wallet to DNM (or whatever).  There is some small amount of plausible deniability, but with the tools we have today (not even speaking of whatever tools are to be developed in the future), that is a very small amount of security.  They can even tell with a pretty good degree of certainty where your btc go even after mixing.
I would definitely want to look into coinjoin or using several wallets, pushing different amounts of btc to each at different times of the day.  Though depending on how bad  they want you, they can still find you with pretty good precision.
With mixers like PayShield, where you send money in and the same amount of money comes out a half hour later, it is really easy to see where your btc goes.  There is some additional security provided by Helix (for a significantly larger fee) when you can have it send the output btc to multiple addresses, with a random time delay.
I mean, you are correct in that sending from Circle to a DNM is just straight stupid, but don't count on having too much added security by using a single intermediary wallet.
@_date: 2018-08-11 18:39:37
This is the correct answer.
@_date: 2017-02-06 11:51:07
CoinMama is a good one. $10 fee, can withdraw from credit cards or western union or a few others.
@_date: 2016-06-26 12:51:19
well, if you are a career criminal, or if your name happens to be the same as the name on a list that they received of criminals, or if they decide that the don't like who you sent your coins to (be it a company, individual, or charity), then then can close your account.  
There have been (thusfar unsubstantiated) accounts of folks who opened an account, put in money then wasn't able to withdraw from some reason or another until they went to great troubles involving the court system and lawyers.
If you are fine with that sort of arrangement, then keep your coins on Circle/Coinbase/whichever exchange you want.
Personally, I do not want that to even be a possibility so I just move all my coins to a private wallet as soon as I purchase them.  It costs almost nothing (the btc tx fee is pretty low) to send to a local wallet which I have all the private keys for.
@_date: 2016-12-30 12:51:49
Their support is awful.  They don't even read your error reports.  I submitted a report with all the info, and they told me to try doing a few things, each one of which was listed in my email as having been tested and failed.
For example, I said that the problem happens in all browsers, and I listed the ones I tried it in.  Their answer was to try another browser.  I have been trying to get money since btc was in the $600s, and still haven't been able to do it.
@_date: 2017-04-15 14:23:58
Yes. I take it recreationally. I love that it helps my pain, but the primary reason I use it is because I like getting high.
I know others both online and IRL who do the same.  If you know what you are getting and you use it properly, dosed volumetrically, it is very safe.  And a whole lot more affordable than any other opioid out there. 
It is terrible if you don't know what you are getting.  Any vendor who sells heroin and provides fent is an asshole that I'd like to see in jail or dead.  But people selling pure fent or fent analogs - and saying exactly what they are selling are doing a service for me and others.
There is a big difference between assholes selling incorrectly labeld products and pure chemicals that can be done properly with the right training and attention to detail.
@_date: 2017-04-15 11:43:12
Nobody?  I do.  Most days.  I have severe pain and I use it to make it not hurt so bad.  Just because you may not know anyone who uses it certainly doesn't mean that "Nobody intentionally uses fentanyl".
Plenty of people are prescribed fentanyl.  It is used before and after surgery. There are certainly legit reasons to use it responsibly.
I agree that people selling heroin laced with fent without telling the buyers is wrong, immoral, and should be punished.  But to make a blanket statement like you did is just simply wrong, misleading, and dangerous.  It is closed minded thinking like that causes knee jerk reactions that just make situations worse instead of solving problems and making people's lives better.
@_date: 2016-09-04 23:07:21
I wouldn't call that confirmation exactly, as that article uses this Reddit thread as it's primary source.
@_date: 2016-05-22 13:50:43
There is a GUI out there called JoinMarketQT which makes installation and use of the wallet related functions really easy. You can send and receive coins, do joins, etc.  It does NOT includer the tumbler script at this point (I don't think), so you cant share your coins for profit, but it works as a wallet very easily.  It is certainly not fully-featured like Electrum, but it works without having to setup Python or any of that other stuff.