@_author: electrodraco
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:59:34


Prices on exchanges have a maximum precision and are therefore discrete, not continuous.
So that actually helps... kind of, I guess.
@_date: 2014-09-11 23:27:32
Nah bro. If they decide Bitcoin is relevant for price stability they will gradually buy a huge amount of bitcoins to gain at least some leverage over its price development. Time to invest!
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:26:38
You guys do realize that this only concerns sight deposits at the central bank? They're screwing over the banks, not the average joe.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:37:06
Not sure what you're trying to accomplish. If you borrow bitcoins you intend to buy something with it. No seller would ever accept a bitcoin that could be recalled should the borrower default.
And no, this is not possible with current blockchain technology.
@_date: 2014-09-04 22:18:21
Well, then there's nothing which could be confirmed. Unconfirmed transactions should pop up almost immediately in your wallet. The guy with your money didn't send any coins I would guess...
@_date: 2014-09-05 21:52:55
Have a look at this: [Rapidly-adjusted (micro)payments to a pre-determined party](
You don't have to trust Micro-soft with your coins. All Micro-soft has to do is to provide software &amp; hardware infrastructure to get this going at a large scale.
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:40:11
That's very interesting. Thank you.
But if true then Discus Fish's policy would not only limit block size but also enforce a minimum transaction fee, otherwise there would have been a low number of transactions with normal fees, right?
@_date: 2014-10-12 13:14:42
This is a very important distinction. Tragedy of the Commons explicitly refers only to *common goods* which are by definition [rivalrous]( If we assume bitcoin to be non-rivalrous we cannot even talk about the tragedy of the commons, so this question has to be answered before.


AFAIK issuing bitcoin transactions need bandwith, storage on the blockchain and, through a mechanism that makes this particular analysis unusally hard, mining power to confirm its validity. All of the resources are depletable in my opintion. I think we have to specify more precise what "resources" we're talking about.


Again, I have trouble grasping which "resources" we're talking about. If we're talking about the positive externalities growing bitcoin adoption brings in general, then we're back to my argument. They're subject to the law of [diminishing marginal returns]( and its just an advantage of a comparably small but growing system like bitcoin is today that we don't have free riding problems and not an inherent feature that we should expect to last.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:02:36
Why should it be bad news?
@_date: 2014-09-21 19:43:30
Not quite. Messing around on [ gives me the following results:
* *2 \[cookies\]\( on me.  -&gt; 1 cookie
* *\[2 cookies\]\( on me.  -&gt; 1 cookie
* *\[ 2 cookies\]\( on me.  -&gt; 2 cookies
* *\[ 2 cookies\]\( One for you and one for me.  -&gt; 2 cookies
If this testing page is representative for reddit then there might be a bug when parsing links. However, I too remember the rule to take the smallest amount found in the text. No idea why the last one gives still 2 cookies.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:53:40
Why would Discus Fish mine an empty block? [(
I'm not interested in "because 25 BTC" but why they didn't include any other transactions and thereby getting no transaction fees. This seems to me like rejecting a free lunch.
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:01:25


I'm totally unfamiliar with your particular business because I've never been locked out. :-) But I'll give it a try.
How do people find you? Do they get redirected by some phone service or do they google for a locksmith? Make sure it's visible on your website that you accept Bitcoin. There are some [well known promotional graphics]( that every Bitcoin user will recognize. Put it in the footer, similarly to the UK Locksmith Association Logo. Also make sure that someone who googles for "locksmith bitcoin accepted" does actually find you. You might also want to add your business to [coinmap.org]( there are only a few other businesses listed in your area. Someone who browses this map around Brighton will realize that there's a locksmith accepting Bitcoin before he locks himself out. ;-)


Well, as I said, I'm unfamiliar with your business, so I don't know more specific advice than what I already gave. There are still very few businesses accepting Bitcoin and people are still googling for "businesses who accept bitcoin in &lt;area&gt;" instead of more specific services. There is some extra exposure by using Bitcoin if managed correctly (and I don't know what that means in your case). However, I would expect the most extra sales being made in Bitcoin by people either knowing about or searching for a locksmith that accepts Bitcoin when they actually need one.


As always in such questions, I'm not a lawyer and I don't know anything about UK law.
There isn't much a difference if a customer pays you with Bitcoin or with a foreign currency. If you send a bill in pounds and the customer doesn't pays, does it matter to a court wether you allowed your customer to pay in dollars? You could send out normal bills but add also add a Bitcoin address, then customers can choose how to pay. If someone doesn't pay you just file for a claim in pounds.


If someone steals your credit card info and spends some of your balance, you can call your bank which will investigate the transaction and undo the transaction if the merchant is unable to prove its legitimacy. Quoting from [Dalpay](


Once the transaction is proven to be indeed fraudulent, the bank will refund the original value to the cardholder. From the merchant's point of view, if you do not prove the transaction to be legitimate, the bank will take back the entire value of the transaction from your account, along with an additional fee.
So if someone pays you with a stolen credit card then the transaction will be reversed since there wasn't a contract with the card holder. Also dishonest customers could file a complaint anyway and hope that you're unable to prove the legitimacy of the transaction.
With Bitcoin such tricks are absolutely impossible. If you send a transaction that gets confirmed, no bank or government in the world can reverse that transaction without destroying Bitcoin itself. That's why it's so useful in the internet.


If you write this:
\&gt; This is a quote.
you get this:


@_date: 2014-09-08 16:02:38
Yes, endless doubling of the funds, it will never stop and inflate bitcoin to  oblivion.
@_date: 2014-09-12 16:13:00


Where do you live?
@_date: 2014-09-26 20:47:34
That mind-reading technology isn't needed if you're Mr. Karpeles. We don't know the OP but he has explicitly stated that he doesn't want to have access to them:


You don't impose that restriction voluntarily over a timespan of 20 years if it's avoidable.
@_date: 2014-09-26 20:04:55


Sooo you want to take the private keys into your prison cell, right? Writing them on a post-it on your forehead is probably safer because then other inmates don't have to torture you to get them.
@_date: 2014-09-21 11:59:08
You don't know shit, no matter wheter it's about Nash, Satoshi, Ecomonics or Moral. Just fuck off.
@_date: 2014-10-12 12:20:20
The tragedy of the commons gets worse the more people use the good in question. It will become a problem when mass adoption finally happens. Now the utility you get indirectly, through stabilizing bitcoin and therefore the ecosystem you're building on, by running a full node simply outweighs the cost for doing so: Free riding isn't a problem *yet*. The law of diminishing return however predicts that the utility for every additional node shrinks as the number of nodes grows. Simultaneously you'll get more competition from other people building their enterprises on bitcoin infrastructure, thereby decreasing the utiltity you get from increasing the stability of the bitcoin network . It's just a matter of time and adoption until free riding in bitcoin becomes a problem.
Bittorrent technology is different in the following sense: Every bitcoin node produces the same good where bittorrents only seed for specific downloads. To make a valid comparison you would have to compare the whole bitcoin network to a single torrent of equal size (seeder/leechers not file size).
TL;DR - Free riding gets worse with market size. The whole bitcoin network produces the same good, bittorrent networks are highly fragmented. Therefore their growth/free-riding dynamics can't be compared to each other.
@_date: 2014-09-28 21:13:18
Yes, this answers all my questions, thanks.
This will work but I don't see why I would use that. The seller still needs internet access and the buyer also needs internet access if he wants to check the change. You basically need the same infrastructure as normal transaction and additional infrastructure for the paper wallet. Furthermore instead of signing normal transactions you just hand over the private keys, which works but isn't that great from a security perspective. To me this doesn't seem worthwhile, what's the benefit from that all? Just the convenience when you trust a seller?
To me the idea of paper wallets seems worthwhile if I can pay and get paid with them without internet access. If I have to scan and invalidate every paper wallet that I get immediately then there's no reason to use them in the first place because the smartphone wallets are more convenient.
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:42:33
So the judge being afraid of something he isn't even convicted of is enough for you to forgo constitutional principles in favor for witness protection?
These arguments are exactly what I'm talking about. It opens up the possibility for the persecution to cancel consititutional rights should they be able to make *a convincing argument* that witness protection might be useful without properly weighing the damage done to the accused with the protection gained for the witnesses and without staying to the facts.
I'm not saying that you have no point, I'm actually saying the opposite. But for a fruitful discussion to arise you will have to acknowledge that there is in fact a problem that can't be adequately addressed by focusing either on witness protection or constitutional principles alone but that weighing between those two on the basis of the specifics of this case is necessary. My claim is that the judge didn't do this and instead chose the option which is best for the prosecution simply because she has the leeway to do so. If we allow for weighing (which you didn't!) I seriosuly doubt that this was a objective rational decision but rather a political one.
@_date: 2014-10-22 19:31:47
For those who are about as clueless as I was:
[Gold diggers defeated: Kanye West wins legal battle against digital currency Coinye](
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:11:21
RESISTANCE IS ... profitable in the long run?
@_date: 2014-09-30 17:47:44
I never purchased anything from circle or other shops in the US. My "profile" wouldn't indicate that as a safe region. Circle simply doesn't use 3-D Secure transactions and nobody enforces this. Where did you get that information about profiling from?
@_date: 2014-08-27 15:31:30
Every time I see someone equates 'drug users' with 'drug addicts' and subsequently equates 'drug addicts' with 'degenerate people' I'll tag them as 'degenerate' because it is the nicest description of them that I can think of.
@_date: 2014-05-23 21:20:05
Let's just hope that the idiots doing flawed inference here aren't the same that hold bitcoins in BitStamp, otherwise their prophecy might become self-fulfilling.
@_date: 2014-10-18 21:30:33
Can I donate with Bitcoin for Ewok cloning research?
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:03:45


That's the point where we have to be more precise. "Creating money out of nothing" is just a vague term for saying you can create IOUs for 10M even though you have only 1M in money (if the reserve requirement is 10%). People say this is creating money out of nothing because they implicitly think that IOUs = money. So far so good. My point is that the net effect of IOUs being 10x the physical money isn't due to this practice and would even arise if you prohibited banks from doing that, i.e. prohibiting banks from getting a loan from the central bank and lending 10x as much in IOUs. This behaviour is just a short-cut for something much more fundamental:
1. A deposits 100$ in bank 1.
2. Bank 1 puts 10$ into the reserve, as they're required.
3. Bank 1 lends the other 90$ to some other customer, say B.
4. B spends those 90$ in C's shop and C deposits them to bank 2.
5. Bank 2 puts 9$ into the reserve and lends 81$ to D.
6. D pays 81$ to E and E deposits them to Bank 3 which puts 8.1$ in reserve and lends 72.9$ to F.
You see the pattern. Now let's take a look at the account balances and where the money is stored:
* A has no money but 100$ IOU from Bank 1
* B has no money and no IOU but owes 90$ to Bank 1
* C has no money but 90$ IOU from Bank 2
* D has no money and no IOU but owes 81$ to Bank 2
* E has no money but 81$ IOU from Bank 3
* F has 72.9$ in money but owes 72.9$ to Bank 3
* Bank 1 has 10$ in reserves and can claim 90$ from B. It owes 100$ to A. No money has been created out of nothing.
* Bank 2 has 9$ in reserves and can claim 81$ from D. It owes 90$ to B. No money has been created out of nothing.
* Bank 3 has 8.1$ in reserves and can claim 72.9$ from F. It owes 81$ to E. No money has been created out of nothing.
* Total amount of money in the system: 72.9$ + 8.1$ + 9$ + 10$ = 100$ (obviously).
* Total amount of IOUs in the system: 100$ + 90$ + 81$ = 171$
Conclusion: Even though no bank has created money out of nothing the total of IOUs greatly exceeds the total of money in existence. If you disagree please state your definition of "creating money out of nothing".
You can proceed ad infinitum with this process and you will see that this converges to the total of IOUs being the total amount of money times 1 over the reserve requirement, which will be 1000$ in this case, and all 100$ money will be in bank reserves.
The practice to just lend 1000$ for every 100$ they get from the FED (not customer deposits!!!) is just a shortcut for this process which makes the system respond much faster but allows they intuitive judgement of layman that they create money out of nothing. We could definitely discuss wether it is fair for banks to have this privilege but prohibiting that won't change anything for the "money out of nothing" problem, it will only make it less obvious.
Of course, this is only possible if we allow for IOUs (or debt in general). You're right, if require 100% reserve (as in Banks can't take money from another account) then this problem doesn't exists. I personally think that debt in Bitcoin will sooner or later arise and then we will have to face the problem of bank runs also for Bitcoin. I just hope this community will realise that soon enough.
EDIT: BTW it doesn't matter which banks you take at every step, it also works with just one bank.
@_date: 2014-11-17 18:03:35


And for that reason I don't want the word "nation" at all in a Bitcoin slogan, be it international or transnational.
Those words don't describe Bitcoin but give opportunity to inclined politicians to interpret it as they wish. Just imagine some international, Bitcoin related tax scandal when we simultanously advertize it as a "transnational currency". I'm pretty sure a normally ignorant citizen will understand "beyond law" instead of "beyond nations" if introduced to the matter by the right politician.
@_date: 2014-12-14 14:47:21
Yeah, those are the easy answers. What's next? Rape?
An suddenly you're wrongly accused of rape without knowing the accuser and you don't have any way to prepare for your trial while the accuser has tons of time setting up everything.
The answer where to draw the line here is critical and not satisfiably answered by "at least at" because such things are known to shift gradually over time without proper reflection.
@_date: 2014-10-09 10:35:05
I imagine a [Flattr-like]( mechanism: You choose your monthly budget and at the end of the month the system divides your budget and sends them to all upvoted users.
@_date: 2014-09-28 21:52:27
Ok, got it. Here's an idea:
* Setup a server that manages your paper wallet transactions for you. This might be your own server or a partially trusted third-party.
* The QR code on the paper wallet contains a signed but not published transaction over a fixed amount to the servers bitcoin address and an URL to the server.
* The sellers merchant app connects to the server, provides the transaction, specifies a payment address and amount.
* The server verifies and broadcasts the transaction and then immediately broadcasts another transaction sending the payment amount to the sellers address and the change back to your bitcoin wallet.
This would be as fast as normal transactions (i.e. 1 confirmation if both transactions get included in the next block) and you can't double spend.
@_date: 2014-09-28 15:39:45
I usually don't use analogies because they're right but because they are virtually never right and therefore show differences in assumptions, like in this case.
So if I got you right then the customer is supposed to set up a wallet for the change, not the seller? Also should the wallet for the change be technologically identical to the payment wallet (i.e. if you pay with paper-bitcoin you also want your change in paper-bitcoins)?
If yes to both questions, then you not only need a way to make double spends with copied paper wallets impossible, you would also need a way to let someone send money to a paper wallet without him being able to spend its balance. That's basically free with blockchain technology, with paper wallets that are double-spend proof (assuming this exists) I have a very hard time imagening how that could work without a public ledger. How would you even ensure yourself that you actually got the change?


Not correct. With credit card payments the seller only has access to the payment amount, not to your account balance or the fixed amount printed on paper money. Also it's the buyer who can chargeback on the payment, not the seller who can chargeback on the change like in my analogy.
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:41:04


Not true. All other mistakes derive from this one. Even a banking sector that only lends out (handing out money, not IOU) 50% of deposited funds creates more IOUs than there's base money, or "creates money out of nothing" in general parlance, there's no magic trick involved. As soon as you allow your bank to lend out x% of your deposited asset (x &gt; 0% not &gt;100%) you're in fractional banking with sum of deposits exceeding sum of assets.
@_date: 2014-10-28 23:24:00
Why don't you buy bitcoins on coinbase?
@_date: 2014-12-15 17:37:36
You're welcome.


"F has no money but owes *** to the bank" does seems so obviously flawed here because we didn't say anything about what F did with the money. F seems to own nothing but owe because we didn't consider consumption or investment here. This also isn't due to fractional reserve banking but simply to the nature of debt. It wouldn't make sense to lend money to someone without letting him spend it.


Not quite, the lending cycle does only arise if we require reserves x&lt;100%. The problem then is that claims or locked up longer than IOUs and the bank runs into liquidity risk. A risk that didn't exist previously. The practice of just multiplying the central bank deposits with the money multiplier to issue IOUs does obviously shorten these infinite cycles and makes the system more responsive but there are certainly other effects in play as well. We don't know nearly enough about these things.


As an empirical observation, yes, definitely. But we do have to look closer. If we think about low income people in need of a credit, we must distinguish between debt for consumption and dept for investment. Debt for consumption is rarely a sane thing to do because then we're back to "F owns nothing and owes *** to the bank" without any asset that would help him paying back the loan. I would classify mortgages as debt for investment because they're (at least in theory) taken to flatten the payoffs over long periods (make the price into a 20 year monthly rent) and not because they don't have the economic purchasing power for a home. Obviously this means that people with no wealth always have to go into debt if they buy "something big" even if they have a moderate income. However, this shouldn't (yet) be a problem, because people do have a preference to flatten consumption profiles over their lifetime. This is what financial markets are for. The problem comes in when they do something else, like in the sub prime mortgage crash. Banks didn't just help flatten consumption profiles and shifting wealth through time, they specifically targeted debtors that were creditunworthy and not bright enough to read the contract. Some of them [openly acknowledged]( this strategy. Or take this [Countrywide Commercial]( I mean, a black dude that can't document his income? Are they saying every drug-dealer gets a mortgage? A common trick was to give teaser rates during the first months, calculating all plans with these rates and let debtors find out a few months later that their rate is going to triple. Of course it needs an idiot to not read your mortgage contract but this behaviour is fraudulent before we come to fractional reserve banking. Even 100% reserve wouldn't have changed the collapse of such ivory towers.


I do see low income people having no homes because they can't afford them and can't raise a loan. ;-)


The only difference here is that with FIAT people don't have a wallet but store their wealth in IOUs. Everything else is equal. You don't want too much cash on you, everything you pay for will, cash or online, will be moved into IOUs as soon as possible. You only take out money for immediate consumption or investment.
The critical difference though is that people commonly think that these IOUs behave like their purse. They're thinking they're saving but in fact they're investing. So you're spot on with


But you have to realize that this task is huge. The vast majority of investment decision the normal guy ever did in his live was either done by his bank (IOUs) or by the government (pension funds, social security). We live in a society where most investment decision of the common people have been delegated to third-parties, either by law or by convention. If you want to chance this people will have to learn investing and that's not far from rocket science. Otherwise this system will definitely collapse when all of the wealth that has been stored in IOUs and therefore invested in the economy gets drawn away into cold storages. I'm definitely pro here that people should take their own investment decisions and make use of the economic power they have without having to change retirement laws or vote for politicians that promise to do so. I'm just saying that planning your consumption path over your life at the age of 30 under various uncertainties and investing in suited instruments ain't exactly easy and I don't expect that to become general knowledge anytime soon. Clearly there's a huge problem but we're far from a reasonable solution. Bitcoin makes it very easy to be your own bank and that solves the systemic risk problems associated with bank runs, but it does very little do replace your investment banker (yeah, that evil little creature everyone thought of as being completely useless and inherently parasitic) or your pension funds manager.
Most of the problems are systemic in the banking industry, Bitcoin does solve a lot of them, but the really hard ones, like moral hazard in investment decisions, will be taken over into Bitcoin banking unchanged. People have to take back control over how their wealth is allocated and that's a human capital challenge, not a technical or economic one.
@_date: 2014-10-12 14:21:27


Yes, but only when you run a full node. The question here is if there are enough who contribute instead of just issuing transaction. We must distinguish between pure users (free riders) and people who actually contribute. That's why I'm so picky about


This is only true if *using those networks* == *running a full node*. If we consider that a large fraction of users who use the networks bandwidth don't run a full node this doesn't hold at all. You're right, until now this isn't a problem. However there are already discussions about the [blocksize]( which seems to be easily depletable if bitcoin grows and [blacklisting]( which generally seeks to limit extreme cases of free-riding, both for storage and bandwith usage. The signs are already here and I think saying free riding won't become a problem just because it isn't now is naive. 
@_date: 2014-08-23 15:20:49
Now I finally know what "Revenge of the Nerds" means... Thanks, have one internet! @_date: 2014-09-16 22:03:35


[Unfortunately, the 2-step verification of Apple ID does not apply to log in to iCloud](


So just for the record, if someone uses the same password for Facebook and Google and Facebook gets hacked then *"Google did have passwords breached"*? I could not disagree more and I'm pretty sure most with a basic understanding of information security would too. Also the 5 million passwords is a vast overstatement, most of the leaked passwords were simply wrong but hey, 5 millions sounds soooo dramatic, better keep spreading it.


How about you
* Checking your facts by looking them up
* Actually reading the things you looked up
* Only spreading information that you have checked is true
* Not using clearly misleading language (no, this was not a security breach on Google side)
then there would be no reason for angry prickery. I find it quite disturbing that you seem to think spreading nonsense, even when the truth is one search query away, is acceptable.
@_date: 2014-09-28 15:01:51


You woulnd't hand over your fiat wallet to a cashier expecting him to empty it, take his share and give you back the change in another wallet to which he still might have access to, so why do it with bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-11-05 16:20:45


As an economist that's all I wanted to hear. If this statement is completely true (and understood), without fooling yourself (I added this because people who are very sure don't usually ask here for a second opinion), then you did the right thing. If you can live with 50% of your wealth, everything is fine.
@_date: 2014-08-05 19:29:58
Thanks for sorting that out once and for all. Have an upvote! @_date: 2014-09-12 18:50:57
Let's just hope the NFC hardware isn't from apple otherwise they could just block Bitcoin software from their store.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:36:51
Country: Switzerland
* Buy with credit card - working with Viseca Debit - 2.9 % fee
* Sell to credit card - working with Viseca Debit - 3.1 % fee
* Buy from bank account - not available yet
* Sell to bank account - not available yet
Also buying/selling with the ANX Bitcoin debit card (which is really a Visa Prepaid Card from mBank, Poland) works too.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:16:44
What is this? A free but crappy [Ponzi-Scheme](
@_date: 2014-09-30 14:44:57
I just bought bitcoins on Circle over my 3D secured Visa prepaid card and I didn't even had to enter the password.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:47:08
To sum it up: Bitcoin derivatives will emerge and they'll be subject to the same dynamics and problems we face with traditional derivatives. I couldn't agree more.
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:03:04
John Doe just bought your book with a mailinator address. If you don't want throwaway-email addresses then you should have a look at that.
Furthermore I noticed a design flaw in the order view. See 
The problematic CSS property is in *style.css* at line 4047.
Also I added and removed the 'bitcoin' coupon to my cart. It removed the coupon successfully but it yelled at me with a red banner that the code is invalid (might be just a unfortunate formulation).
When adding the book to the cart the first time, my browser freezed with the "busy" sign after clicking the button. I wasn't able to reproduce the problem a second time.
My system: Linux (debian stable) on an ancient machine with the newest Google Chrome browser.
The transaction has only 2 confirmation currently and is "on-hold" according to your store. How many confirmations are necessary?
I'll check again later.
@_date: 2014-12-14 14:44:33
We're not talking about "witness protection", we're talking about the possibility for the accused to prepare himself for his trial. You can't just ignore a critical pillar of constitutional states just because you can frame the problem as "witness protection". There's obviously a trade-off between these two goals. Therefore any discussion on witness protection in general is futile in this case because it doesn't address the problem, it does however distract the public from the real issue because they're now discussing about an overly complex (and ancient) rule-rationality vs. act-rationality issue that's completely unfruitful, i.e. exactly what you opened up with your question.
@_date: 2014-10-12 14:45:01


That's what I doubt, especially in regards of measuring used bandwith by user and splitting the payment over affected nodes in a incentive compatible way.


I hope he delivers...
@_date: 2014-12-31 19:39:11
CPU mining without having to pay the electricity bill seems pretty lucrative to me.
@_date: 2014-09-04 21:35:49
Do you see the unconfirmed transaction on blockchain.info?
@_date: 2014-09-05 14:14:39
Thanks. Since I plan to test stealth addresses this information might potentially keep me from freaking out. 500 bits for you! @_date: 2014-09-10 15:55:30
Exactly. And that's why doxing Satoshi will have an influence on the price.
@_date: 2014-09-12 00:33:38
Very interesting. :-)
I'm currently searching for a topic for my masters thesis and could imagine writting about Bitcoin given that I find an interesting applied micro/game theory/mechanism design question. Did you notice a possible topic during your research that would match?
@_date: 2014-10-12 13:24:25


I tend to agree. However, it's also required that the payments actually reach the producers. This means those bandwith fees can't be implemented like transaction fees since those go to the miners, not to the providers of full nodes.
Whatever the resource is that is wrongly priced and however we're going to measure it, we still lack the transfer mechanisms to implement the correcting payment scheme.
(This obviously assumes that 1. not all providers of full nodes are miners and 2. we need more full nodes than miners alone provide)
@_date: 2014-09-10 13:37:48
I don't know how many bitcoins Satoshi has but I'll assume it's enough to exercise strong downwards pressure on the price if someone chooses to cash them in. When Satoshi gets doxed chances rise that some criminals gets access to the biggest bitcoin stash in existence and if they do they'll want to cash them in.
That's the reason why I already sold my coins yesterday and I'll wait until I can be (relatively) sure that his stash stays where it is now.
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:06:27


6 confirmation should be safe. However, I have now 11 confirmations on the transaction but your store says still "on hold".
The transaction: 
~~Another potential problem is that your store doesn't show me the page with price &amp; bitcoin address a second time (or at least I didn't find it).~~
Edit: That's what I get for using a store with a throwaway email. ;-)
Also the 1 hour timeout for offers is probably too short. Sometimes the network doesn't process your payment immediately (don't ask me why, I don't know). Once I had to wait 5 hours for a single confirmation (sent with blockchain.info, was definitely committed) and I don't use bitcoin for very long (&lt;10 transactions). If the order gets cancelled but the payment arrives at your address a few hours later, it will definitely pop up in your customer support inbox. ;-)
@_date: 2014-11-29 16:18:02
Did you check the [known issues]( and [filed a report](
@_date: 2014-10-09 10:31:20
No, but you might get money/upvotes for explaining like an adult why you disagree. Good incentives, right?
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:48:52
600 bits @_date: 2014-09-16 20:11:32
You didn't even read the first line of the text you linked. Great job, Apple-Fanboy.
@_date: 2014-12-20 16:23:59
Still buzzed? Last paragraph still contains Bitpay.
@_date: 2014-09-28 23:08:38
You won't be able to double spend after a confirmation. With private keys on paper wallets the seller has to wait for one confirmation to actually know that the paper wallet hasn't been used twice. Before that you can't be certain that there's no other seller also having the same private keys.
With an intermediary server the risk of double spends shifts to the server which can immediately determine if a paper wallet has already been spent. Would a server "lie" and say a paper wallet is still valid then he himself would have to come up with the missing bitcoins. The situation has changed in the following sense: Previously you were just waiting for your transaction to confirm until then there's no guarantee that there isn't another competing transaction around. Now there's one known server who is properly incentivized to reveal that information immediately. Of course, as always with bitcoins, you have to wait for the blockchain confirmations but now you have at least a server with a registered domain to blame should the transaction be overwritten/orphaned.
Put differently: Only a third-party of your choice has the ability to create transactions and can therefore guarantee that no competing transactions arise. With private keys on the paper wallet every recipient of the wallet can independently create transactions.
This doesn't actually solve a problem your approach has, it only improves upon who controls what and information visibility. Now it's possible for intermediaries to build up reputation for the paper wallets they manage.
Edit: Also it enables some other features like invalidating lost paper wallets through the intermediary.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:07:28
Thank you for pointing it out. If the people only would spend as much time understanding the system as they're criticizing it...
Also, the "Arbitrage" Claim in the article is complete BS since banks pay usually interests on your deposits.
I'm very much pro bitcoin but the economic discussions in this subreddit tend to get ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-11-02 14:44:30
Having read all this hear I feel like you didn't devote enough time for the open-source vs. proprietary question and jumped right to the effects bitcoin would have on open-source.
For example, your implicit assumption that open-source projects depend on 'donations' limits your research unnecessarily. Also sentences like this


indicate that you haven't properly studied the 'industrial organization aspects' of open-source firms competing with proprietary firms.
In fact, being open-source may be rationalized with profit maximization without depending on donations and quality might be higher given the right circumstances. I think you might want to have a look at [Llanes &amp; Elejalde (2012). Industry equilibrium with open-source and proprietary firms](
Good luck. :-)
@_date: 2014-12-31 20:08:48
Thanks for the info, where did you get this from?
Given that they burned 2375$ in one night and that I was unable to determine what exactly a "xl3 amazon unit" is and how much it costs, I'm not sure if this actually contradicts my statements.
Assuming you're refering to [X-Large instances as defined here]( their payoff would be ~0.03$ for this attack. Then I fully agree that you probabily won't run a non-negligible profit before being noticed. However, it wouldn't make any sense for an attacker to use such instances if you compare it to "High-CPU XL" instances.
OP, what kind of instances did they start?
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:55:29
The best part is that I don't have to wait for that damn invite anymore. :-)
@_date: 2014-09-16 20:19:58


Apple customers are fundamentally different from Google customers. Therefore, yes, it will work just because it's Apple. Even if the only place you can use it is the Apple shop. I have full confidence that Apple customers will buy and use any crap Apple produces.
@_date: 2014-09-12 00:18:00
@_date: 2014-11-21 16:34:56


Swiss economist here. You're spot on. Just think about the quantitative easing during the last few years. With a 20% minimum gold requirement, which can't ever be sold, the SNB can take back not more than 80% of the money issued. In fact that fraction will be lower since contracting the money supply by 80% would result in 100% gold backed, as you said. Should it happen that the optimal monetary policy is to contract money supply by more than 80% then the SNB would be unable to fulfil its task.
This scenario isn't that far fetched: Just reducing the money supply to 2007 levels would mean a [~77% contraction](  and we're not even sure that QE worked. Give it another round of QE, pass this initiative and the SNB can never undo the recent expansions, even if QE proves as a mistake.
Oh and by the way, fixing a lower bound on the Euro exchange rate could be incompatible with that initiative since fixing an exchange rate forces you to basically expand and contract money supply no matter what. Just look at the fraction of foreign currency investements in SNB assets since we introduced the lower bound to get an idea of how uncontrollable a central bank balance sheet gets when such tasks are demanded. Additionally imposing the requirements of this initative is nothing short of mathematical insanity.
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:29:19
Looks like my swiss bank account finally pays off.
@_date: 2014-07-05 00:53:37
Exactly. But obviously there are still people who think that's "because of the money".
@_date: 2014-11-09 21:18:42
Private key: 5KSFWJRuCuTFFsPQgokmLuKbY84f8e9pcWaJX2C7r8jsLi2RuJF
(yes, it's empty, of course)
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:04:09


Since you're too stupid to read for yourself I will shortly recapitulate the incident: Hackers gathered leaked userdata from services **other** than Google/GMail and then simply checked for all email &amp; password pairs that have a GMail address if the passwords leaked by wathever service are the same on GMail.


I don't see how this attack vector has any implication for Googles security. Also Google provides 2FA which would cover your ass even if you reuse passwords, contrary to iCloud.


Now we're on the same page.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:07:04
Yes, it also allows for a great witch-hunt. Just send some black coins to a green wallet and watch the authority demanding reports from the wallet owner.
This could be a new form of flash-mobs. Amazon did something wrong? How about a few hundred redditors sending each ~0.001 BTC^black to Amazons address^white ?
@_date: 2014-09-12 18:57:14


@_date: 2014-09-12 13:12:13
Everything that has "Apple" in its name is made to pour money in Apples pockets. Nothing that is made to pour money into a payment intermediaries pockets is "made for bitcoin".
Also "Apple Grade Security" is a bad joke, they can't even keep your privates private.
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:54:12
Water isn't a natural monopoly and a state that hands out the property rights on water to a monopolist is a parade example of government failure. Name one country where its citizens suffer from water monopolies that weren't created through the government and I'll have learned something today.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:29:28
Me too. And then I realize what it could be like if everyone used micro tips instead of upvotes.
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:15:08
Now you learned it. Congratulations, why not from the beginning? Isn't it great how anyone can check where the claims come from, how everyone can compare my and your source and see how mine is outdated? Isn't that great?
Thanks for updating my outdated beliefs, as a non-Apple user I couldn't care less about recent Apple developments.
@_date: 2014-12-03 15:21:31
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:08:07
Agreed. If we consider the factual centralization of gold in institutions then we also would have to consider factual centralization in the hands of a few large whales and exchanges for Bitcoin. We really should use the same scales here.
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:35:52


That's not naive at all. However, if you don't put up a clear sign that you're willing to accept bitcoins then you most surely won't get any bitcoin customer. This thing needs still needs some time to get adopted and until then I will assume that "no mention of bitcoin = bitcoin is not accepted here" because asking in each and every shop isn't just tiring but makes you look like the ultra-geek of the neighborhood.
That being said, if you advertize it right, accepting bitcoin might push your sales significantly. Bitcoin people are aware of the problem and usually prefer bitcoin business over competitors. Take [overstock.com]( for example: Revenue from Bitcoin transaction is already greater than from Paypal.


Why don't be open about that? Understanding fully how Bitcoin works exactly is a job for academics because concepts like zero-knowledge proof, hashing and public-private-key cryptography are not quite general knowledge yet but crucial in understanding why Bitcoin works the way it works. By the way, the situation isn't so much different for "normal money". Take it from an Economics graduate student: Most people don't have a clue why and how the money they hold and spend without a second thought actually works.
You actually said it: You can send money without banks &amp; intermediaries. If that's enough for you to use Bitcoin, then why don't put it that way?


Your worry is understandable and healthy. However, the scammed business owners still have to be found. If you let customers pay with credit cards, the risks of unjustified charge-backs is always there. With Bitcoin the situation is easy: If the transaction is confirmed, no charge-back is possible. Until the transaction confirms (which takes ~10 min.), the payer may try to spend the same coins elsewhere and hope that this second transaction gets confirmed first. This is however a difficult task and has still to be encountered in normal business. I recently talked to a restaurant owner in Switzerland who accepts bitcoins since years. There hasn't been a single incident, unjustified charge-backs with credit cards are more common.
If you want to play it safe, why don't you just place an upper limit for Bitcoin transaction until you're convinced that it's really secure?
Why do you think accepting Bitcoin would require special terms and conditions? (Might be country-specific, I just can't imagine why a local locksmithing company would have to handle that explicitly.)
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:01:52
When the FINMA says it's a currency then you have the same tax laws as for fiat. Means: Bankgeheimnis und so Zügs.
@_date: 2014-08-25 22:09:19
Isn't the content of [Voices Of Liberty]( free anyway and the premium account just gives you access to comment sections and other features?
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:03:54
What amount are we talking about? If it's less than a few hundred bucks then [circle]( might work with your credit card. For larger amounts you probably can't circumvent exchanges but this would need a bank wire.
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:52:58
That's how taking risk works. Congrats and thanks!
@_date: 2014-07-05 18:28:30
Also shops can't track your identity like they do it with credit/debit cards for "optimal pricing".
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:10:47
Exactly. :)
Always good to remember that the blockchain alone won't suffice. Fair access to mining power is also crucial but in this regard ^Bitcoin ^seems ^to ^^have ^^its ^^own ^^^problems.
@_date: 2015-01-17 14:39:09
I do have a metal detector and if this gets popular I'll also have a new hobby. xD
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:21:11
The fact that mining follows market dynamics and market dynamics only is due to unobstructed access to this market. Anyone who wishes to mine can do it. That's the notion of fair access I had in mind, no idea what you understood. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:58:50
There are a few different possibilities, all of them speculative at this stage:
If block size is limited (and there are enough transaction such that the limitation becomes binding at least sometimes) then miners would process transactions with high fees first and wait for empty slots to fill with low/none fee transactions. Users would then pay for confirmation speed. Furthermore miners must be incentivized to include your transaction because it decreases block propagation speed and therefore expected profits from finding a block. See [this paper]( for derivations and details. The problem with that theory is that if true then miners wouldn't include any transactions at all at current block rewards.
Another theory is that transactions are useful to it allows users to trade. With limited and binding block size (as before) this leads to users setting positive transaction fees because there are positive gains from trade that couldn't be realized without a monetary transaction. See [this paper]( for details. This situation would become problematic when newly minted coins get negligible. The problem with this theory (besides using demand for a unspecified good in its derivation) is that it completely neglects competing payment systems: The customer can choose between paying with Bitcoin (and paying a lot of transaction fees for a public good) and paying with MasterCard (where he literally gets payed for using his card).
Note: Both of these theories predict 0 transaction fees in case of unlimited block size and even with limited block size we're not guaranteed to achieve minimal computation power.
You might now ask the question "Why wouldn't pay people for network security?". The answer to this is the classical public good problem: My Bitcoins enjoy the same level of security wether I pay 4$ or 0$ in fees for the next transaction, it's a free-riding problem, my contribution has little effect on myself and everyone benefits from it.
Another question is "Why are users currently setting positive transaction fees?". I don't know, but my guess is that the default settings for the fees in the wallet implementations is the driving force behind this. 1 cent in transaction fee is low enough that the users just don't care putting their cursor there and setting it to zero. One could test this hypothesis and compare default settings of specific wallets with actual transaction fees of the transaction it signed.
So if you ask me for obvious, stable, long-term incentives for positive transaction fees then I can't you name any. There are a lot of different possibilities, all of them have their problems. If you have another idea I would appreciate it.
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:12:52
I could imagine that EU bank employees more or less equate SEPA with "origin bank is inside EU" (which would lead to correct decisions most of the times) and therefore deduct the deposit fee always for Swiss banks. That, of course, is wrong but Bitstamps answer to your inquiry sounds exactly like that, they have no idea why the fee was applied.
Another plausible explanation would be: The banks actually very well know the problem but choose to disregard it anyway. I don't know which bank Bitstamp uses but if they promote no deposit fees for intra-EU payments (instead of calling it SEPA, customers are stupid y'know) they might take that literally when a Swiss payment arrives but not if a customer asks them if SEPA deposits are free. Not fair practice but I wouldn't be surprised.
~~Since you mentioned Raiffeisen Hungary as the destination bank I tried to look it up. Judging from their [Corporate Clients Conditions]( they do indeed distinguish between SEPA from EU and SEPA from non-EU countries (page 10 &amp; 11). Not cool and definitely not fair.~~
EDIT 2: Wrong country, I'm an idiot.
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:10:50
Audit is excellent. You will get a token with which you can personally check on the auditors website that your account balance has been included in the audit. &gt;100% reserves on the last audit.
[Kraken Audit Process](
@_date: 2015-01-07 20:18:39
It definitely feels like home now.
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:02:32
We all do our mistakes. Yesterday I sold bitcoins for euros because I couldn't stand the volatility. I live in Switzerland.
@_date: 2014-09-28 14:58:19




In its full generality this statement is certainly wrong. Try to double spend ordinary paper money and you'll see. Altough I like impossibility theorems we shouldn't throw them around lightheaded to people who are eager to innovate. If there actually is a proven impossibility theorem on this matter, please cite it so that we can check if its assumptions hold for this situation.
@_date: 2015-01-30 10:04:26


No. If I would think there's no model I would present an impossibility theorem and be pretty smug about it. ;-) I don't know any such models but I'm far from claiming that there isn't one, I'm still searching.


I have to disagree sharply here. If I don't even have a single convincing argument why people would pay enough transaction fees then I would have no reason to believe that Bitcoin succeeds without block rewards.




That is not really correct, sorry for being unclear. The theory about transaction fees being dependent on block propagation speed assumes fixed transaction fees and binding block size limits and makes predictions about miner behaviour, not about what transaction fees the users set. At least the binding block size limit is violated currently and therefore we can't say that this model fails, it's simply not applicable. I mentioned it because it's a frequent argument when talking about user fees and I wanted to show that it neither explains why/what fees user set nor does it explain current miner behaviour.
The second model doesn't fail at all. It too assumes binding block size limit but if you're willing to assume that an unbinding limit should lead to the same outcome as no limit then it's fully applicable to the current situation and makes an accurate prediction: Transaction fees will be negligible, which is what they currently are. I said this model is "problematic" because it needs kind of a macroeconomic demand function to determine what utility users have from Bitcoin transactions. This demand function (besides being an artificial concept) is very hard to estimate in practice. It would be virtually impossible to say what level of fees correspond to a given block size limit but the model makes also one prediction that doesn't depend upon the demand function (holds for any imaginable demand): With unlimited block size or unbinding block size limit transaction fees should converge to zero, which we can only confirm as of now.
Also the third "theory" about transaction fees being currently determined through the default settings isn't just something I pulled out of my hat. This effect is well-known and even applies if amounts are non-negligible, as in [retirement saving plans]( I mentioned that theory because we shouldn't expect users to follow sophisticated optimization routines when payoffs are negligible anyways. This makes it difficult to assess models now but we would nevertheless expect users to switch behaviour when fees become non-negligible. Also this theory could explain why the first theory about block propagation speed fails: Since difficulty is automatically adjusted such that we get one block on average every ten minutes but blocks propagate through the whole network in a few seconds, it's very unlikely that another block gets published simultaneously anyways. The effects are negligible and miners therefore stay with the defaults: Include every transaction.


If you accept the defaults-theory then this is at least a premature conclusion. If the model is currently applicable and currently makes wrong predictions, then I would say this is a save strategy given nobody changes anything about the Bitcoin protocol, but you know, they're even talking about hard-forks for implementing unlimited block size. I personally expect behaviour to change dramatically when block rewards go to nil because then all mining has to be paid by fees, which is the complete opposite of the current situation. Therefore I can't say that all those model will continue to fail. Of course a theory that is able to describe the transition between these states would be much better.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:06:53
That's even better. But don't forget to ask the Pope for permission.
@_date: 2015-01-22 00:59:34


True. The same author also wrote a paper about that: [The Bitcoin Mining Game](
The issue here is that larger blocks take longer to propagate through the network and risk being taken over by a later found but smaller block. Then a miner would never include a transaction with 0 fees, there has to be some positive sweet spot where miners include transactions in a competitive market.


Altough that theory seems plausible, it currently makes wrong predictions: At the current block reward and average transaction fees it is optimal for miners to not include any transactions at all. Since that's not the case I conclude that there's something more to the story than just that.
In this scenario the price of a transaction is based on marginal cost of adding a transaction, but it's a very unintuitive definition: The marginal cost of including a transaction is the change the probability of finding the next block times the block reward. That's definitely not what people have in mind when discussing marginal cost &amp; blocksize limits and I don't think that's a good way to determine transaction fees because it doesn't ensure a minimum of computation power to keep the network secure (this is a positive externality of mining and crucial for Bitcoin).
One might also combine these two models and see what equilibria arise. But since this is so obvious and since both papers were written by the same author a year ago and he didn't do it himself, I guess there's not much to gain from it. But don't let that stop you. I too would be interested in such an analysis. ;-)
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:59:13
It's mind-boggling how misinformed you are. But maybe you just don't want to be informed, given the plethora of available information about the issue. It should be quite obvious to anyone with a half-brain and some idea about the swiss economy that swiss citizens and their politicians are the last ones who wish for a stronger Franc. But you seem to ignore that since it doesn't fit your world view. Self-administered brain-washing seems to be quite popular in this subreddit, sadly.
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:47:59
Well, you as a single Bitcoin user can't really compete against large ASIC farms that mine on subsidized energy without losing lots of money. The idea was that anyone could use his computational power to vote in the Bitcoin network but lately it seems that you have to be a large investor with access to cheap energy to make any profit at all. This situation is not an egalitarian proof-of-work and it gets worse with every technological innovation in mining.
I'm not saying that this is currently a big problem for Bitcoin nor that it's going to be one, but it's definitely not what we envisioned in 2009 and the concern is large enough that [CryptoNote built counter-measures directly into their mining algorithm](
We wouldn't agree that having to acquire a private key from the FED is acceptable but what difference to having to acquire expensive hardware and suitable locations makes the current situation in Bitcoin acceptable? There isn't any consensus about this question as far as I know and I think we should have a sensible discussion about it before circumstances force us to change something asap.
For example assume that some guy finally invents quantum computers and ignore, for the sake of the argument, the obvious consequences for cryptography in general. If that technology is 1) so powerful that a few nodes could take over the network and 2) so expensive that only governments could build it then we would have a security problem in Bitcoin, right?
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:44:21
By and large this is just empty babbling without economic analysis. If you're interested in a real economic analysis, derived from microeconomics and game theory instead of neo-classical doctrine, check out [The Economics of Bitcoin Transaction Fees]( by Nicolas Houy.
Those pseudo-economists arguing for unlimited block-size usually do two mistakes:
* They just say that since the Bitcoin network is highly competitive transaction fees must equal marginal cost of block production. Which is wrong because 1) marginal cost of block production is NOT the correct quantity to price transaction, it's marginal cost of adding an additional transaction to the block you're currently mining and that cost is 0 and 2) they fail to see that miners don't have a comittment device, it's not them who set transaction fees but the user.
* They fail to recognize that the Bitcoin platform is a multi-sided market, just like PayPal, MasterCard, Xbox Live and Amazon. It is well known that optimal prices in such settings might even incorporate negative prices. The classical result of price = marginal cost just isn't applicable to that kind of market.
@_date: 2015-01-27 13:15:59
Ok. Then I'm pretty sure the problem is either Bitstamp themselves or their bank. Switch the exchange if they're unwilling to adapt, you won't find out which one is lying.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:18:29


- [Washington Mutual](
- [Ponzi Cloud](
You don't have to change a product to make it appealing to stupid people, they're most easily convinced by words. And you don't even have to to lie for that. Telling the truth works exceptionally well for stupid people, they'll understand what they want to hear anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:54:00
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-01-07 20:50:39
Perhaps you could [tell them]( Just a thought ...
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:17:23
Thank you! That sounds plausible to me.


Well said. I agree but I mentioned governments specifically because they would probably not invest in Bitcoin/Mining but try to disrupt or attack the network. This might also hold for other powerful corporations like VISA or MasterCard. I think this is a different security constraint than the "incentive compatibility" of miners because it implies that attacks must not only be unprofitable but infeasible even for the most powerful corporations. To make the network secure there has to be a minimal hashing power depending on what technologies are available.
This safety against attacks is a positive externality created by miners and consumed by users which isn't accounted for in the investment decision of miners. I would also argue that miners are currently at least partially paid for that externality by inflation (block rewards) but since this is going down to zero I must ask: What exactly ensures minimal hashing power once newly minted coins are out of the game? I don't think it's profit maximization of miners (free riding between miners) and I can't imagine users setting extra high transaction fees such that network security can be established. Any thoughts on that?
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:58:21
True, as long as the FED having de facto monopoly rights on mining doesn't contradict your definition of "secure".
@_date: 2015-01-08 22:29:08
Nice. You might also be interested in [this spreadsheet]( It contains references to ~250 Bitcoin related research papers.
@_date: 2015-05-22 18:46:56


You might be confusing liberals with socialists. It's a common phenomenon in the USA, but only in the USA. Everywhere else liberals are mainly against redistribution.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:10:29
So because people are too stupid to realize how banks work you call it 'fraud'?
@_date: 2015-01-27 12:39:28
The problem here is that you didn't issue a SEPA transaction but an ordinary international bank wire. The regulation you cited applies to SEPA transactions only I think (or even only to SEPA transaction of banks within the EU).
I'm also from Switzerland but I use Kraken. I never had such problems.
Make sure that
1. you actually issue a SEPA order. With some banks this might not be obvious. I'm a BLKB customer and they have the same form for SEPA and international wire, they automatically choose SEPA if applicable. Adding a message or using other currencies than Euros would make this impossible (for example).
2. that your bank actually participates in SEPA.  There's a slight chance that this isn't the case. In general the [SEPA position in Switzerland is a bit special](
So are you sure you issued a SEPA transaction? If yes then Bitstamp or their bank is screwing you over, not your homebank.
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:39:03
Let me be a tad more direct than If I were some dude who sold a few kilograms of meth over OpenMarket and who has therefore brought the full wrath of the DEA and FBI upon himself, how screwed would I be exactly? Are there features *actively* protecting anonymity (like being able to host my offers on a TOR hidden service and PGP encryption of all seller-customer communication)?
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:46:49


Even that is disputed, [especially for web applications](
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:46:48


If this is what you think I'm doing here I should probably stop and spend my time with something more worthwhile.
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:30:30


No it doesn't mean that. Not at all, if you actually read and understood the paper you would know that. I admit that it's non-obvious but if you expect public good and free-riding problems about distributed cryptography networks to be obvious you're in for a surprise.


How much are you willing to pay for fish? My answer is &gt; 0 and there are a shit ton of people TODAY who say the same thing. Nevertheless we have a global overfishing problem. It's a goddamn externality, there's absolutely no point in invoking free market doctrine. And I already told you it's not the user behaviour that's crucially here, we don't disagree about that, it's the miners behaviour that's problematic.


You sound like a banker in 2006. Despite being told repeatedly the various externalities that distort a free market your proclaiming "The market is working". On what bases are you doing that? Are you arguing that Bitcoin network safety measured in total hashing power isn't a really important externality?






Again, it's not the users incentives driving the thing into the ground but the miners one, there's no point discussing wether people like paying transaction fees.
@_date: 2015-02-01 22:34:00


Read about the [Audit Process of Kraken]( for a real life example.
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:30:40


That's a possible normative goal one could formulate on the basis of what they're saying, it's not what they're saying. We economist try to stay descriptive and let people make their own judgements about what's best. We would like you to respect that. :-)


That's actually exactly the argument they're refuting. Coming up with another argument is laudable but dismissing theirs on this basis is not. What part of their argumentation is not credible to you?


I do understand how this argument works and it's completely in line with their argumentation. This doesn't contradict anything in this discussion so far, it's exactly what I assumed anyways.


You're assuming that consumers to that because miners don't include transactions with too low fees. If you assume for the sake of the argument that miners aren't that responsive to high transaction fees, as the paper suggests, then this is completely irrelevant. I fully agree with you on how people set transaction fees but that's not the problem, miner behaviour is the crucial thing here.


The argumentation goes beyond that: Even if they were able to publish fee schedules and even if bitcoin users would consult these when determining transaction fees then it's still profitable for miners to deviate from the fee schedules that they published. It's not just a communication problem, it's a committment problem. Publishing transaction fees and claiming you wouldn't include anyting below it is as credible as when the parents say to the child "If you don't eat up we will cancel the trip to disnayland tomorrow that we already paid for and took days off".
I'm actually myself searching for a credible way how miners could keep transaction fees high, I'm not saying it's impossible but that strategy won't be the easy one you presented but will be more like price cartels between miners or tacit collusion in oligopolies, given it exists at all. If you're GHash and you adhering to your own fee schedule while Discuss Fish includes every transaction no matter how low the fees, then miner payoffs on Discuss Fish will be higher and miners would switch the pool. Just do the math if you don't believe me, it's a real problem if others don't give a damn about network security and just go for the fast money.
EDIT: [See this]( if "committment problem" isn't intuitive to you.
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:39:51
The argument is that exactly that strategy won't work with unlimited block size. Game-theorists aren't stubborn, they have incorporated that strategy in their models and it's actually the reason why they advocate a limited block size, otherwise there wouldn't be any point raising scarcity. [See this for details.](
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:04:00
You never even took seriously the argument, you're always focusing on consumer willingness to pay and I repeatedly told you that's not the point. You're the one talking about a strawman, not me. I won't discuss any further with you until you actually take reference to the miner behaviour and free riding problem I laid out so clearly for you.
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:56:54
I just went to your website and tried to donate some bits... I wasn't successful.
Please make sure users which would actually like to donate find what they're searching for. Not even googling "mycelium donate" helps.
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:01:44
Note that your argumentation is limited in the same sense. It also doesn't account for these factors. He just admits that there's more to the story. I can't refute his argument on these grounds. Furthermore you would have to make an argument why these factors would change the conclusion and it's far from obvious that these limitations actually change anything. Don't dismiss an argument because it doesn't describe reality in its fullest, especially not when you yourself are doing the same thing (and every physicist until today for that matter). Admitting its limitations is actually a good sign in academic papers, if there isn't any limitation mentioned you should be worried.


Again, you're not taking him seriously. The unknown levels of demand and supply are a problem only when you try to pinpoint the optimal amount of transaction fees, the result that fees converge to zero with unlimited block size is independent from demand levels. I recommend actually reading the paper, not just looking for exploitable loop-holes. ;-)
Also saying that he just runs a few simple equations is like saying you're just hammering out some sentences containing neo-classical doctrine (I'm a neo-classical economist, I know what I'm talking about). Measure yourself against the same standards with which you judge the work of others.
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:02:24


Hmm... I didn't know about [feather forks]( until now. TIL, thanks.
Reading the forum entries about feather forks I read the assumption


which could indeed be used to filter out cheap transactions but it's not clear to me how that performs when miners have different fee schedules. I guess it's going to be some probabilistic game wether your transaction gets included or not based on the fee you put (this is different from just getting confirmed later!). That would induce people to set higher fees but creates a huge annoyance for Bitcoin: How does a merchant decide wether a transaction is certainly confirmed? We already have the 10-minutes limbo and I don't like the idea of a "5-minutes-to-never limbo". I guess walking out of the shop with an unconfirmed transaction is going to be problematic then.
But much more troubling is that little addition "at any cost" in our context. Bitcoin is built on the idea of miners pursuing their own self interest, forking the blockchain because your miner pal included a cheap transaction and therefore forego your miner profits sounds more like self-sacrifice to enforce a public good to me. As I said, I don't know much about the feather fork attack, so take that with a grain of salt. Wether that attack is suitable for enforcing high transaction fees will come down to a cost benefit analysis. In terms of economics it should fulfill the following conditions:
* It should be suitable for punishing miners that include cheap transactions, specifically it should decrease profits of deviating miners more than they gain by deviating when almost everyone adheres to the schedule (which means profits of deviating are huge). Given that their block is more likely to be orphaned if miners deviate, this condition could in principle be fulfilled.
* The promise/threat of honest miners to use feather forking should be credible. I don't know how much a feather fork costs, but the inventor himself assumed "at any cost". Wether that threat is credible depends upon a large number of factors including but not limited to: Profit difference between everyone adhering or deviating, which in turn depends on competitiveness and how patient miners are (would you invest in feather forking for expecting higher fees tomorrow or would you deviate and get a huge one-time profit and make less profits tomorrow). All of these factors also depend on the Bitcoin exchange rate so a big price shock could render feather forking suddenly infeasible and the equilibrium collapses. This isn't the case now with block rewards because adhering to the protocol is a dominant strategy, feather forking is not (if almost nobody does it, you starting the thing alone is nothing short of self-sacrifice, once the equilibrium is collapsed there's no way back).
Additionally you're creating a free-riding opportunity: What's stopping a single miners from adhering to the schedule and not feather forking deviating miners because all the others doing it is scary enough to keep miners in line?
So my guess is that it's going to be to costly and volatile to use as a committment device. On the other hand, if everyone believes the others are going to punish them, nobody deviates and therefore not a single feather fork has to be executed, that could actually work. But it just needs some not-so-smart miner in China with too much hashing power under his control paired with a whale dumping his stash on the exchanges to make that arrangement very unstable. So it's totally non-obvious to me wether feather forking is able to do the job. I will certainly read more about it. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:26:07


That's correct. The crucial assumptions leading to this conclusion is that 1) miners don't face any cost of including an additional transaction and therefore any unconfirmed transaction with positive fee is a free lunch and 2) that users set transaction fees, not miners. Taken together these assumptions imply that only including transactions above a certain threshold isn't a credible mining strategy. This result is fairly basic and well-known in virtually any line of economic thought. Sadly, this strategy is the main counter-argument against the game-theorists despite being the least powerful.


This is correct but misses an additional point. The argument is that Bitcoin does not only need miners to include transactions into blocks to be successful but also that total hashing power of the Bitcoin network is large enough to make attacks infeasible. Since difficulty is dynamically adapted the effects discussed above would drive difficulty down to virtually zero. The situation is equivalent to a public good problem where network security measured in hashing power is a positive externality produced by miners. Currently this isn't a issue because miners are reimbursed for their effort through inflation (block rewards).


I'm not trying to be a jerk here but I have to say that the game-theoretic approach is exactly that. You shouldn't come to different conclusions only because of that.


Which is completely in line with the game-theoretic approach. It predicts that miners will not hold up to their comittments to only include transactions with large enough fees and that users therefore set lower and lower fees gaining the same confirmation speed since difficulty is decreasing (once we corrected for technological progess in mining hardware).


This is not the same. In your example the postal office sets the price and can force you to raise the fee. In the Bitcoin network the miners don't even have the possibility to communicate a price to you that would be acceptable for them. Furthermore, if you send a letter you give it to a specific postal service where in Bitcoin you put the transaction in a open pool where every miner can take out the transaction and place it in a block anytime, first-come first-served. These differences are non-obvious but huge, the analogy simply doesn't hold.


This is actually the argument of game-theorists why a limited block size would induce people to pay enough transaction fees. That it's used here to argue for unlimited block size seems a bit troubling to me.
I'm not saying you're wrong or that the game-theorists are right but you're not taking their standpoint seriously. Your approach is largely identical to theirs but you come to vastly different conclusions. We should at least find out why that's the case before taking sides and changing Bitcoin by hard-forking.
Source: [Nicolas Houy (2014). *The Economics of Bitcoin Transaction Fees*](
@_date: 2016-07-12 20:17:03
But let's just blame the banks. Bitcoin!!! WHOOO!
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:11:39


They're negligible and people keep it at the default? Am I an exception in doing this?


The "and correlate it to transaction fees" is really important here. You really have to extract the information, 99% wouldn't be able to tell you the difference in confirmation speed with 10 cents vs 50 cents fees.


I never claimed that the demand for fast transaction isn't here, in fact I affirmed it and the author of the paper does too. In fact [he wrote another paper]( about it but as you will see that theory is much more problematic and shakey than the other one, it even predicts that miners shouldn't include any blocks at current transaction fee and block reward levels.


Is that the longer variant of "Dismissed without reason."?
@_date: 2016-07-13 16:56:28
Me too. I'm confident that the anti-bank idiots here will do the same, or will let the same happen, to a Bitcoin-based banking industry. I wonder who they'll blame then.
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:07:42
First, that's a purely theoretical argument. I claim without proof that at least 99% of bitcoin users simply do not measure transaction processing time and correlate it to transaction fees. It's the same argument as in "open-source is secure because everyone can check the code": If no-one actually does it, it's irrelevant.
Secondly, and more importantly the retroactivity you're mentioning is crucial. Wether outcomes are observable ex interim or ex post makes a huge difference in game theory.
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:35:26
To be fair canceling the block size limit is also in HOPES that miners will figure out for themselves how to raise enough fees for not only being profitable but also keeping hashing power high enough. There isn't a single paper which shows this possibility but plenty of papers that say the opposite. The implied accusation here is highly hypocritical.