@_author: electric_waterbed
@_date: 2016-08-06 02:33:11
That wouldn't require App Review at all though - Microsoft used to do this with Windows Mobile. OEMs (or more commonly the networks) selling WM phones would lock the device to only run signed code, supposedly for security. However, generally (it *was* possible for the OEM to make an OS image that only contained custom root certificates, so only the network/etc. could sell apps) anyone could then go to Microsoft and (via a cert authority) buy a cert + dongle with Microsoft's as the root with minimal vetting, and sign their code so it'd just run on all devices.
Windows Mobile was also based on Windows CE, which also had such amazing security features as a built in "Shim engine" that allowed any sufficiently privileged application (assuming your device even had the certificate stuff turned on - it was also an option that they'd just run all code, PocketPC phones were normally configured this way) to intercept any API functions they wanted for all apps, even things like "get device GUID" (which didn't work on many devices anyway). Devices that did have signed-only app execution enabled also didn't bother checking expiry dates/etc. of certificates (presumably to avoid the need for the device to have the right date/time, and avoid situations where valid apps would no longer run).
The whole thing came off as a moneymaking scheme given the overall lack of actual security it claimed to be providing.
@_date: 2014-01-21 05:12:32
I'm not the OP to your comment, and am more here just as I'm interested in the bitcoin idea itself (the limit on coins is something I do wonder about as well), but I was wondering as to your definition of "lend":


The one I'd generally go by, and what's in the dictionary, is where someone takes something they own, like a car, and lets someone else borrow it temporarily. This makes sense in the context of a bank, and also for gold (though obviously for it to work as a currency the lender may not see the *same* gold in return, just an amount equal in value).
The definition you're using seems to imply that the only way for money to be lent out is for that money to be fictitious - the bank simply says you have that much money, and suddenly you do. I could easily believe this is a feature of the US dollar, as it'd make sense from the perspective of protecting banks from things like bank runs, but a simple bank could simply store people's money, and lend this saved money out to other customers as loans, charging interest, to which the savings and the bank themselves each receive a cut (same with investing any savings in other markets, whether or not that's a good idea).
One particular example from the UK is [Zopa]( - a microloan site where you can input any amount of money you want to "invest", and it's lent out to customers looking for loans. You could choose how much risk you wanted (though I believe they've crippled this functionality recently) and minimum/maximum loans per person (like £10), so if you invest £100, you'd end up with 10 people you'd lent £10 each to, who will pay interest (rate dependent on the risk you selected). You get a large portion of this interest, with Zopa taking a small cut. These are also unsecured personal loans, which is pretty common even for larger purchases like cars in the UK, so they basically rely on the company being able to damage your credit and chase you down in court based on the contract instead of some inherent security like a lien on a car.
I could imagine such a website working with Bitcoins instead, although I think it'd be a terrible idea with the current stability (not even counting any required laws protecting the investors).