@_author: electricrebel
@_date: 2011-09-29 05:00:01
It depends on how liquidity trap is defined. In the simplest and broadest form (including the one that uber-Keynesian Paul Krugman pushes), it simply means when normal monetary policy (i.e. the interest rate targeting) hits the zero lower bound. I don't think this definition is controversial in the slightest. If nominal interest rates reach 0, then it is likely that is not the Fed's ideal nominal rate (defined by the Taylor Rule or whatever they are wanting to use), but they can't go any lower.
There are more complex formulations such as Richard Koo's claim that all attempts to use the central bank in a liquidity trap will fail. I agree that this is controversial and isn't even accepted by Keynesians like Krugman, Mankiw, and Rogoff.
I'm personally a Keynesian, but I don't believe that fiscal policy is necessarily the only way out. I do think that if the Fed got brave and started explicitly targeting long term rates or just did a helicopter drop (which they could probably pull off legally through a similar mechanism to their Maiden Lane vehicles), that the economy would be better off than it is now and without causing significant inflation. I think if Milton Friedman was alive today, he'd be saying the same thing. But as a Keynesian, I'm also strongly in favor of more stimulus (at approximately ARRA rates, but less focused on tax cuts and sustained over 3 years).
@_date: 2011-09-29 18:55:25
I see I'm wasting my time with you.
@_date: 2011-09-29 05:07:39
Name one banking crisis that happened in the US between Glass Steagall in 1933 and S&amp;L in the late 80s.
A business cycle caused by the Fed's rate changes is totally different than an asset bubble that collapses into a banking crisis. The US has had three since the fed started: the Great Depression, the S&amp;L crisis (which was very minor in comparison to the rest of the events I mention), and the Great Recession. And not that the GD and GR happened before and after the period of New Deal regulation. Compare that to the crashes that happened like clockwork before the Fed existed (Panics of 1819, 1837, 1857, 1873, 1893, 1907).
@_date: 2011-09-29 08:51:09


First, those studies almost certainly do not take into account liquidity traps. Given the low number of sample points of real world liquidity traps, they likely are failing to account for this (although a citation would be great since you brought this up). Using "normal" recessions (by which I mean a standard post war recession caused by the fed raising rates) as the standard for a liquidity trap isn't going to be an accurate measure of what we should do now. Please show me evidence that what you said applies when short term rates are 0% and/or in the deleveraging phase after a major asset bubble.
But assuming the studies are correct even for liquidity traps, inefficient spending is still better than no spending. The big problem for businesses right now is lack of demand and uncertainty about short and medium term demand. The government can act as a stabilizing force to boost demand while the private sector deleverages.
Further, there are certain types of spending the government does that isn't done by the private sector (infrastructure, long term R&amp;D, etc.). This spending should always be done, but with interest rates and employment/population ratios where they are now, we should be doubling or tripling down on it.


Read this: 
He goes into detail about the tools the fed has. So far the fed has not exercised the explicit long term targets option.
@_date: 2011-09-29 05:04:05


Tell that to the 1930s or to Japan in the 90s.
@_date: 2011-09-29 05:05:57
It is for a vastly different reason. Moore's Law is moving the PPF in terms of transistors and therefore vastly increasing the supply. This is not a deflationary spiral.
@_date: 2011-09-29 08:39:52
The S&amp;L crisis happened right after thrifts were deregulated.
Google "Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act of 1980" and "Garn–St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982".
Also note I was just using Glass Steagall as a way to date the period. I think it was a good rule, but it worked in combination with the FDIC (which was created by the Glass Steagall Act, btw) as well as many other rules. Of course, the most important thing is having regulators willing to enforce the laws rather than ignore problems until they explode.
@_date: 2011-09-30 04:37:59
The interest rates are the demand for money. The short term rates are forced with explicit actions from the fed, but everything else is derived from market actions. And if you look at non-liquidity trap times, the market responds very well to interest rate policies. 
The only real problem I have with interest rates and the fed is that we need to have responsible people running it. Greenspan believed that markets could regulate themselves and that the fed shouldn't fight asset bubbles. This is a major contributor to the liquidity trap.
I agree that during liquidity trap times, the fed can't balance the supply and demand for money with its short term interest rate targeting. Right now, the demand for money is so high that some banks are charging negative interest rates for large deposits.
But I'm interested in hearing you out. What are the obvious measures of balance?  Are you an NGDP advocate? A strict monetarist? Or something else?
