@_author: electric_falcon
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:44:17
Android: Mycelium
iOS: Breadwallet
@_date: 2017-02-18 20:50:11
If I wanted to hold large sums of bitcoin in any sort of corporation, from a 2-person-marriage all the way up to Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. etc. scale firms, I'd introduce some sort of key-creation/key-signing ceremony, like the ICANN does today.
Trustees would generate keys and then create multi-sig wallets from those keys, everything done under testimonial supervision of shareholder representatives, or mom and dad and a lawyer.
In any case, with bitcoin it's relatively easy to achieve a situation, in which funds are secured against any number of holders trying to run with the money.
@_date: 2017-02-13 14:08:30
As far as I know, all these HW wallets use some variant of BIP32, i.e. deterministic wallets.
Before you load your HW with any money, you can take a look at  and try out your *temporary* recovery seed and see if and how it produces the same addresses/keys. Then reset the device for actual usage, as the seed then has touched an online machine and is no longer *cold* storage.
The worst case scenario, 10 years down the road, would be the company that produced your HW wallet is bankrupt, USB is no longer in use and no 3rd party is building identical HW wallets with &lt;fancy new connector standard&gt; either.
Well, then you can still highly likely fall back on software. It's practically impossible, that you are the only person with that problem and somebody for sure will build the functionality of your HW in software.
If you want to be super sure, there's probably no other medium as trustworthy and time tested as paper:
* make a Linux Live USB thumb drive (I recommend Ubuntu) (
* put the bitcoin-core wallet ( on another USB drive
* boot from the Linux USB thumb drive
* stay offline, disconnect ethernet cable if it's connected or simply don't connect to your wifi
* insert the other USB drive containing the bitcoin-core wallet
* start bitcoin-core
* display a few private keys with the corresponding addresses (see dumpprivkey) (
* copy and paste into a text file
* print out said text file on a dumb printer (no network capability, no internal storage etc.)
* secure this piece of paper (for example with your birth certificate, or a safe deposit box at a bank)
@_date: 2017-02-07 13:05:29
Maybe you mistyped it. I tried it right now with a BIP38 encrypted private key generated with bitaddress.org and it worked. Then I changed one character in the encrypted key input and got the same error message as you. 
You can also try the "Wallet Details"-tab from an offline copy of bitaddress.org.
@_date: 2017-02-07 13:26:35
Addresses and keys generated by practically every software out there, including bitaddress.org, *never* contain uppercase i, lowercase L, Zero and upper case O, precisely because they are easily mistaken.
Maybe it's a 1 (one).
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:25:51
* 70 coins in bitcoin
* 70 coins in physical gold
* 70 coins in traditional finance portfolio. Nothing fancy
@_date: 2017-02-13 13:02:57
I have parts of my gold savings with GoldMoney.com just for convenience and to have gold spread across multiple jurisdictions, in case communists take over my country or whatever else SHTF scenario you might think of. I also hold physical gold, but that isn't very liquid and you can only buy it in large chunks. You shouldn't buy physical gold in chunks smaller than one troy ounce, because then the markup for refining and minting is too large in relation to the actual worth of gold. With GoldMoney.com, you can buy $5, or even less, of gold and all you pay is 1% over spot.
I also have to clarify, that GoldMoney.com does not sell paper gold. They sell physical gold and hold it for you. Brinks, a Canadian company is one of the trustees that verifies, if GoldMoney.com actually has 100% reserves. These are not gold certificates or anything like that, it's an actual property title to physical gold and as I wrote earlier, you can have the gold shipped to you for a very small fee, once you accumulated enough to justify the fee.
A reason why I choose not to have it shipped to me, is to hold gold outside of my home country. In case SHTF, I can pack my bags, leave with all my bitcoin in my brain and have at least some gold waiting for me in a secure, neutral 3rd country. Or 4th and 5th.
With bitcoin, it's much easier to be your own bank, so that's what I am. I have a very secure cold storage mechanism at work to hold 99% of my bitcoin savings and 1% is pocket money on my phone to buy stuff online or sell to friends if they need quickly a few bucks of bitcoin (for a VPN for example).
BTW, I get the suspicion people have towards banks and if it's possible, I'd also always prefer to be my own bank. But some companies, and GoldMoney.com is one of them, are truly a bank and not government bailout and central bank whores. They are capitalists in the truest form, I'm suspecting them to be Randian (as in Ayn Rand), if not full blown Anarcho capitalists. I have almost zero doubt they are legit. I'm more worried, they'll be forced by some government one day to hand over the gold, but that's also very unlikely, because you can hold your gold in Singapore, Hong Kong, Switzerland, Dubai and some other locations known for high stability and low risk of gold confiscation.
@_date: 2017-02-18 19:58:53
I wouldn't over-complicate things and just make a wallet offline, whatever I'm most comfortable with. Paper wallet, standard bitcoin-core wallet.dat, Electrum, doesn't really matter.
Then generate a very secure password, at least of 256-bit strength. ( which I'd write down on three pieces of paper.
One piece I'd keep on my person at all times, like underneath the casing of my phone, one in an envelope with a trusted person, for example my grandma's home and one maybe in a safe deposit box at a bank.
Then encrypt whatever wallet was created with something that's going to be around for a while, like gnupg or openssl, or some TrueCrypt-successor.
Then copy that encrypted file to a USB thumb drive 1000 times, just in case some copies get corrupted. Then do that again, except burning it to a DVD. Then sending it myself as an e-mail and uploading it to Dropbox.
@_date: 2017-02-07 12:46:41
What software are you using to import the encrypted private key?
I have noticed, that for example the [Schildbach Bitcoin Wallet for Android]( is relatively unforgiving when it comes to interpreting input. For example a newline (invisible character indicating end of line) at the end of the private key that it should import, makes it "invalid".
Try other software, like Mycelium.
@_date: 2017-02-15 22:05:18
Check out [BitSquare.io]( It's an anonymous p2p bitcoin exchange.
Also Mycelium (Android app) local trader.
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:42:46
Here's what I do:
If I have some money left at the end of the month, I save 1/4 of that in fiat, and the rest goes 50/50 into bitcoin and gold.
Let's say at the end of the month I'm left with $600.
Of these $600, I want to save 1/4 in fiat, which is $150. I leave that in my bank account.
The remaining $450 are going to be put 50/50 into gold and bitcoin.
So that's $225 worth of bitcoin and $225 worth of gold.
The bitcoin's are stored in my cold storage, the gold is with GoldMoney.com (I'm not working for this company, I'm just a happy customer.)
I personally have no problem trusting GoldMoney.com to hold my physical gold, but if I wanted to, I could save a relevant amount and have it shipped to me for a reasonable price. Or cash out with a pre-paid Mastercard, loaded with my gold reserves, and then buy physical gold locally.
I don't think that's a crazy strategy. I already have more in bitcoin than in gold, so that's why I go 50/50. If I had an equal USD-amount in bitcoin and gold, or even more in gold than in bitcoin, I'd go probably 75/25 in favor of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-01 19:00:20
You can pay for gold with bitcoin at GoldMoney.com, if you choose the Dubai vault.
You can have your gold shipped to you for 1 g, provided it's at least 10 g.
But do double check, if there aren't restrictions with the Dubai vault.
Edit: I just checked. You can get physical gold delivery out of the Dubai vault. 
@_date: 2016-12-30 15:40:53
If you want to go full paranoia, use the bitcoin core client and get an address/key-pair from it.
@_date: 2016-12-26 18:44:26
In case you have a spare smartphone or tablet laying around:
* Make a factory reset to get rid of all possible malware
* Go online and install a wallet. For Android I recommend [Mycelium]( and for iOS [Breadwallet](
* Write down on a piece of paper which wallet you used, the backup seed of 12 English words, and the first address that is shown to you. Or for convenience photograph/scan the QR code of the first address with your main smartphone.
* Once you've checked the backup seed is correct, delete the app from your spare phone/tablet
If you want to send your bitcoins somewhere, just reinstall the app, restore from the seed and write down the next address that's presented to you. These apps generate an almost infinite amount of address/key-pairs from the seed and you won't have to worry about change addresses.
In terms of security, it's not cold storage, but pretty close, if you ask me. Most Android and especially iOS devices are pretty safe when no additional apps were installed and you're going online only for a short amount of time.
@_date: 2016-12-30 14:57:13
I would go with the lowest common denominator of technology, which is paper. Devices fail, digital storage loses bits over time and connection standards become obsolete. Paper stands the test of time pretty well.
I would do something like this. 
Ingredients needed:
* USB thumb drive with live linux
* USB thumb drive Nr.2 containing bitaddress.org-ZIP-file
* A computer
* A printer
Everything is done on an offline computer running Linux from a live USB drive. (LinuxMint for example, live USB linux drives can be created with Unetbootin).
* 1. Generate a RSA public/private-key-pair with a key length of 4096 bits. Don't encrypt the private key, i.e. don't type in a password when `gpg` asks for one.
* 2. Print out an ASCII-version of the private key. It's a little less than 2 pages.
* 3. Copy the public key to USB thumb drive Nr.2.
* 4. Generate a bitcoin address/key-pair with the offline-version of bitaddress.org.
* 5. Copy the address into a text-file and save it to USB thumb drive Nr.2.
* 6. Copy the bitcoin key into a text-file and save it on the running live Linux. It will be gone after reboot.
* 7. Encrypt in ASCII-format the text-file containing the bitcoin private key with the public key of step 1.
* 8. Print the now encrypted bitcoin private key. It's about half a page of text. It will be in possession of your daughter. Print it again for yourself, in case your daughter loses it. And again for your partner and maybe again to put into a safe deposit box, and again to hand to your brother, and again.. you get the idea.
Now everything comes down to the storage of the RSA private key and how your daughter shall inherit it. Safe deposit box? Giving it to a law firm that specializes in such things? Maybe both, in case one burns down? Then you have to print it out twice of course.
The advantage of this procedure, is you can encrypt other stuff later too.
If the private key is lost however, all is gone.
@_date: 2016-12-31 02:55:39
One year from now, you'll kick yourself in the nuts for not going all in today.