@_author: elefooled
@_date: 2018-01-24 11:08:34
SORRY. GOOD POINT.
@_date: 2018-01-11 08:15:18
Hi folks. An update on the Korean news:
Which according to another kind Redditor's (named starsinsky) translation is (sorry - I don't know how to link straight through to this hence I am copying and pasting):
"Cheong Wa Dae said the Justice Minister Park Sang-ki's remarks that the virtual currency exchange will be closed is not coordinated by the government.
A Cheong Wa Dae official said in a telephone conversation with YTN that Park's remarks are the position of the Ministry of Justice and that other ministries have various positions.
In addition, the Ministry of Justice approached from the dimension of elimination of speculation, but the Financial Services Commission explained that the Ministry of Science, Technology and Information Ministry is interested in nurturing core technologies of virtual money to prevent similar reception.
He added that virtual currency-related policies will determine the best time for policies to be effective while looking at market conditions."
Edit: a couple of the more amusing comments on the post:
"The Attorney General must be dismissed. Doing market intervention this way"
"The justice department is really crazy"
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:02:15
Very important confirmation that Korea ban is FUD in the extreme:
Congratulations all who held!!!
SPREAD THIS NEWS. This could buck the trend of negativity we've had this week - PLEASE SPREAD THIS TO EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!
@_date: 2018-01-11 07:06:39
Does anyone have any confirmed updates on the Korea story? Europe is waking up and it would be good to post some FACTS here. I've seen Tweets that the MSM reports are over-stated. Does anyone have more information?
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:59:01
Right answer :)
@_date: 2018-01-22 07:59:46
Right, I need to say this. A massive majority of posts here are from people clearly looking for super-fast super-high gains. THIS IS THE PROBLEM WITH THIS MARKET.
Because of thIs inherently short-termist approach, any news, or even rumour of news, sends everyone into a spin, reacting violently and whipping the market around, which in turn leads to more reactive behaviour.
Can you not understand that this is a self-propagating problem?! Short-termism breeds reactive behaviour breeds violent swings, and so on.
It's been said before, but STOP THINKING IN A TIME FRAME MEASURED IN HOURS AND DAYS. For goodness sake just settle down!
If you believe in the projects you are invested in, just hold the damn coins and ease off the obsessive 'where is the price going?!', 'what's the price prediction?!', 'when is the price going back up?!' questions.
Please take this to heart: if you behave reactively and with a short-termist outlook: YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM, YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE MARKET VOLATILITY AND YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO YOUR OWN LOSSES.
@_date: 2018-01-21 15:41:06
Just zooming out a little: please also bear in mind that Januarys have been negative for the past years. We all (me included) need to try to refocus away from the day-to-day (hour-to-hour!) thinking and settle down a bit. 
If we are too reactive to the immediate / short-term data we will make bad decisions.
@_date: 2018-01-22 13:26:42
I'm reasonably confident that it will be the price it is today adjusted by the change (up or down) that occurs between today and January 1st 2019. Do I win something now?
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:46:14
Weiss ratings are out in 15 minutes - I repeat from my earlier posts:
Do not over-react. Weiss gives Alphabet (Google's parent company) an A-. It gives Warren Buffet's (arguably the greatest investor of all time) company Berkshire Hathaway a B.
So PLEASE set your expectations accordingly. Crypto is new and not necessarily:
- understood
- fairly valued / compared
- un-corruptly assessed
by the mainstream financial sector (Weiss included).
Please do not panic sell if your favorite(s) are not given top ratings. That would be the worst possible response and would give more credence to the old world financial sector than the new world of this crypto community.
Please be careful - remember that our reactive way of handling the last weeks (FUD etc.) has NO DOUBT made things more volatile and as a result WE ALL LOSE.
Hold it together folks!
If you agree with this please share it elsewhere.
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:46:34
the Weiss ratings are being released in just over 3 hours - DO NOT OVER-REACT!!!
The problem with this market is over-reaction -&gt; whipsawing -&gt; losses (recently).
Check out the Weiss front page:  Here are some examples: Microsoft: A Alphabet: A- Berkshire Hathaway: B
DO NOT FORGET where we are in the lifecycle of crypto - we are extremely early. So we should not expect As and Bs... If we expect this and get disappointed and sell, what happens? If Berkshire Hathaway gets a B (thats Warren Buffet's company) can we reasonably expect cryptos to perform as well or higher? No - let's be realistic.
If your favorite coin(s) is not given a shiny top rating, DO NOT sell it knee-jerk with your pants on fire.
I can't overstate this enough: we all need to settle down at the moment. This market has been made fragile by all of our own reactive behaviour - we have a chance today to try to take whatever news comes in a calm way and NOT shoot ourselves in the foot.
sorry for posting this in more than one place - i think it's important
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:32:21
Roger Ver et al. are getting a lot of airtime. They have their (negative) marketing on point. They know (most importantly) how to create fear. Fear is a tremendous type of leverage. I admit willingly that I have found the last days frightening. I am not a long term hodler and the prospect of losses is daunting.
I have researched a lot (here on Reddit, as well as Twitter and other sources of information). There is absolutely not the same level of 'marketing' in favour of BTC. I know that there is not a central figurehead (i.e. the equivalent of Ver) to speak out, BUT I do feel that if some of the more influential folks spoke out more it would help put folks at ease and mitigate some of the reactive trading.
What I think (and hope) is that they are quietly working away and have no fundamental concerns themselves, but this calmness, if more clearly communicated, would help strengthen hands and reduce some of the stress. (for the record - those of you on here who show the confidence - thank you - I mean no disrespect to you by this post).
What do you think? I feel the recent painful drop was doubtless linked to the Coinbase nonsense, which was in turn fueled by Ver's negative campaigning.
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:02:36
The level of resources required to drive the rise is enormous. It would take a tremendously competent and influential campaign to successfully bring this about, no? So who do you think is capable of such a feat?