@_author: elemetalapril
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:52:46
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:38:43
Jumping for joy over here!! Thank you for believing in a new world!!!
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:22:05
Hello! Love this idea, and that we can reorient the money system toward people! I have a project: Land + Heart Project, bringing permaculture (food forestry farming) support and expansion to Puerto Rico. I live there, and here, and am packing up home in Philadelphia to support sustainable agriculture restoration for the island for the rest of my life. Land + Heart Project is a team of experienced educators, partnering with Teens Inc to (when safe) bring service learning trips for young people and more, who can build, practice Spanish, learn cultural exchange, and develop sustainable business skills alongside farms and out-of-the-box education orgs there and here - supporting farms in addition to the food we will help them to produce. Ultimately, we will create a cooperative for restoration agriculture bridging the island and the states. 
We head to the island end of this month to work with a farm brigade tour put together by the Puerto Rican farmers, bringing supplies, camping gear, herbal apothecary, water filtration, and so on. 
As you may know, food sovereignty is very close to economic sovereignty. 
Our website is  There are more team members to post; just brought on a media director volunteer to fill out the site. Our Donate + Get Involved page has a link to our fund page at Unified4People which includes our bitcoin qr:  I am happy to speak about the Project with anyone who wants to know more! 
LandHeartProject.org. 
Here's some back story I wrote for my local coop news: 
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:56:31
This week we are making so much progress on bringing tools, water, and hopefully power to all the farms in PR who will be feeding the people as fast as we can get the fastest growing vegetables planted! Write or call for any information on our partnerships, support offered, and relief in development. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:41:45
Land + Heart Project: mobilizing and coordinating restoration agriculture in the States to affect reparation for Puerto Rico by fostering permaculture and cooperatives - in principle and practice. 
I need to update site with this week's developments. Connecting tool donations with affordable transport; connecting PR farmers with water filtration resources available; coalition building between US and PR agro/eco/activism; more leads in potential fiscal sponsorship and incubation; studying cooperative business building resources; connecting volunteers with appropriate endeavors; collecting to centralize and publish myriad opportunities for US to support PR ag restoration; developing curriculum principles for youth development around collaboration and cultural exchange; bringing in voices of academics and other institutions to innovate and support; planning January and February meetings and farm work to build coalition among farms and institutions who can support in PR and States alike; absorbing some administrative burden for these connections so farmers can focus on farming; coalition building around education and exchange opportunities to develop youth leadership opportunities between geographies.
I'm one person helming a small team - self taught through years of coop and food work, no husband or family with $, no 501c3 salary. Set aside my business in its nascent months to respond to Maria with all heart and skills. Family relocated to PR in 2015. Could not be happier to serve the island and her people. We are brand new and I personally am liquidating in Philly to be able to get home as I've been volunteering on my own project for three months. :) A donation like this to Land + Heart is literally seed money for something that can serve restoration agriculture in a big way for decades to come. Just sayin. We are carefully studying business models of private, nonprofit, and cooperative to determine which will best sustain our mission as we develop.
Food is a centerpiece of many of these social issues, especially where economics and health meet - and isn't that the crux of so many of these good works? Lots of folks think things are how they are and a big change isn't truly possible, so they leave the effort to established sizeable charities and look the other way. That is exactly what those who benefit from exploitation want us to believe. We will not tire, and we can change it, strategically, through grass roots and tall trees. We do actually need some real money to ship gear and purchase supplies so we are self-sustaining traversing the island and developing the work. Right now most people I know are distracted by purchasing plastic items for holiday propaganda. 
Open to any conversation about this work. That groups like all of ours must appeal to the individual HODLers of success in order to feed ourselves and continue to exist is exactly one of the things Land + Heart Project was born to mitigate. :) 
April Lea
Donation page: 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:36:19
lol so much for no begging. We mean it though, before dawn til well after dusk. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:48:06
The form asks about incorporated country - what if we are an LLC? New project...