@_author: element_rush
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:48:06
YOU don't, someone does. Trading is a zero sum game. That's why this sub is ridiculous. 
Imagine the guy with 150k in college debt running into these posts over and over. Getting influenced by ideas of actually getting over his debt. Scrapping out enough for a bitcoin or two, and then losing all of that due to the speculative bubble bursting. You might still get 2x on your investment, but that kid will now have 180k in debt. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 02:02:59
Loving the niche examples here, keep em coming. What's next, sending your chemist a fiver every time you pop a boner? You know why those services are paid for? There's no demand for them. It takes someone to go out of their way, programme that into a system to make it happen. Cause nobody gives a shit about you wanting to give your pals an insignificant amount of money according to your whims.  
Your example of transacting money without a middleman or agent, not a central authority, that would be a presiding regulator, mind your ignorance here, is one of the fruits of blockchain tech. Which does not have much to do with bitcoin itself. Btc is just the first crypto originated on the blockchain system. Thats all there is to bitcoin.  
Moreover, blockchain is what should be sought out and developed. The tech bitcoin is based on is revolutionary when it comes to removing transaction costs, which you mentioned. An ideal world would be one where everyone transacts their home currencies on a blockchain system with the Fed controlling the supply.  
Where does that leave us when it comes to bitcoin? Very very low adoption, little intrinsic value, high conversion costs. Most of all, very low utility. Currently, people are buying bitcoin to sell bitcoin at a higher price. For *dollars.* I hope that irony isn't lost on you, Mr. Programmer. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:33:06
Literally impossible, no company or bank touches bitcoin. Why and how would it influence the economy? 
Bitcoin is a zero sum game, dollars change hand for dollars, at the end, the half who bought low and will sell it first will become millionaires at the expense of those who bought last. The guys around 5-7000 might break even in the ensuing fire sale. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 05:43:57
Yeah I'm sorry, the earlier post was a bit of an attack rather than a rebuke. But my point was in general, conventional stocks have a million safeguards warning people about the risks in investing. Gambling is shunned by society. Bitcoin is being celebrated, the continual posts come across almost as propaganda, celebrating the price increases and at times causing the next ones. Maybe, this posturing by the community might lead people to have false expectations from bitcoin. Especially desperate people, who don't have a lot to lose.   
As far as not doing something because someone might get hurt, this farrago created by btc and it's owners is actively clouding realities, aiming to profit off of people's ignorance. It's not innocently apathetic towards it.   
Congrats on profiting from this venture. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:47:50
By that logic, the global financial recession was the loan takers fault right? Those people who took on credit even though they couldn't afford to pay it back? I mean the banks always made profitable choices, they earned fat margins on those mortgage backed securities, while those idiots who took on more than they could caused the recession? Cause that's not the tune bitcoin proponents have been singing. According to this sub, the system is crooked and decentralization is the key to economic prosperity. 
The hypocrisy is absolutely disgusting, when you say that this new system takes power away from those evil corporate cronies who prey on the little guy, and protects the righteous. It doesn't. Someone is left holding the ball at the end of the game, you're just okay with it as long as it's you on the winning side and not some big bank. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:16:31
Yes sir, an absolutely perfect example of why this currency will be good in the future. Paying our kids for their homework in the smallest increments. Fungibility=/=utility. Pay your kid a dollar, toss the irrelevant argument.  
Bitcoin is not like oil because oil can be used to literally run the world. It's much much closer to tulip bulbs in its uselessness. A currency is only as good as its accepted, regulated, real world value (as it so should be, because economics), and this speculation or unwarranted attention is only inflating its perceived value while creating none. 