@_author: elflexor
@_date: 2015-01-16 11:36:56
kraken.com doesn't need that as far as I know as long as you don't want to trade high volumes
@_date: 2017-01-31 16:49:39




Maybe. Only those miners who had their "Excessive Blocksize" setting at &gt;1MB accepted the block in the first place and tried to mine on top of it. This stopped as soon as Block 450530 was mined and these nodes converged back. Not even bitcoin.com mined on top of the invalid block - in fact even the node that produced the block rejected it.


Even if running BU software and having the aforementioned Excessive Blocksize set to 1MB (such as the node that actually mined the block), you reject the block. The bug is that a block of size &gt;1MB can be mined even though you specify a maximum size of 1MB as the size of the coinbase transaction wasn't accounted for (what a stupid bug, stuff like this really should be caught before going live).
@_date: 2019-06-28 06:33:32
DCA is investing a *predefined* sum into an asset divided into *predefined* chunks spread over a *predefined* time period, no matter the price of the asset. E.g. "I'm buying $1k worth of [asset] on the 7th of each month until my $10k are invested".
This is done to average out the risk of buying in a big sum over a period of time, and to avoid trying to "time the market". By waiting for the drop until you start buying, and with seemingly no predefined sum and a gut-feeling of when to stop you are not doing DCA, and also are following another goal than DCA is trying to achieve.
@_date: 2019-04-03 12:59:19
They *can*, doesn't mean they will do anything to help you.
@_date: 2018-02-09 11:56:52
I think that's his point, that prisons with only government interests and no private sector involved would actually be better.
Makes sense to me since the govt would have to pay for everything and would be interested in actual rehabilitation and other ways of lowering incarceration rates.
@_date: 2017-10-10 15:55:32
In principle, they can do anything as long as they mine the longest chain. If they choose to change something that the market disapproves of - and I mean something really integral that would cause btc to just become worthless instantly - they would only bite the hand that feeds them. So Nodes that are interested in the success of the network would never do it. However the whole proof of work consensus kind of builds upon the assumption that the majority is benevolent. The majority of nodes could collude to harm btc which is a drawback of the system.
@_date: 2017-05-30 11:33:17
Small nitpick: as per the bitcoin white paper you don't (or shouldn't) get a say in how bitcoin works just by running the full wallet client. "Nodes" in the sense of the white paper are clients that assemble valid transactions into blocks building the chain, i.e. Miners. Like it or not but that's how it was meant to be.
I agree that there needs to be a solution to unclog the network and scale properly - and I don't care too much which one it is as long as bitcoin works well with small fees... However I also accept that I can't just influence how bitcoin works by installing this or that wallet, as then it would simply be a matter of who gets more ip addresses - not proof of work at all.
If users, i.e. a bunch of passive clients what concerns block generation, just start using another version of the bitcoin wallet that only allows a certain type of blocks and works better for them - so be it. But it won't be "Bitcoin" they are using with this split as Bitcoin is per definition the chain with the most proof of work behind it, whether the wallet software likes it or not.