@_author: elimc
@_date: 2013-08-29 15:14:54
I didn't know this story. Does Gavin know who Satoshi is? Or is his identity obscured even to the co-developers?
@_date: 2013-08-29 15:22:49
They can't control the dollar, but if they were secretly doing a lot of mining in Russia and China, it would give them an advantage if the world switches to a new reserve currency. If a country like Russia decided that they would start to only accept BTC for commodities like oil, it would be a blow to the dollar and establish a new reserve currency. If they started off with a large store of BTC, it would give them a major advantage in this new economy.
1) Both Russia and China have expressed in the news that they don't like working with the dollar. They have even talked about replacing the dollar with some other currency based on gold, or other commodity. As you know, gold would not allow a lot of inflation.
2) I thought bitcoin could be subdivided into smaller BTC. That's what it says in the FAQ.
@_date: 2013-08-29 15:34:36
The theory I brought up is certainly nefarious, but a lot of progress is based on fear. The Chinese are well aware that fighting the US would have to be done on an economic front. We don't know who Satoshi is. It would be nice to say that he is a benevolent libertarian. But, that would also be a sweet cover story for a state sponsored financial backup plan.
The Chinese can never go head to head with the US in a conflict. But if our currency was destroyed, it would basically be game over for the US. China or Russia would take over world affairs. They would see this as their rightful place in the world. So, they would have quite an incentive to do something like this.
China already has tight currency controls. If they started to only accept BTC for commodities, bitcoin would suddenly stop looking like a joke currency and start looking very legitimate. Other third world countries might quickly find this to be a nice option, as they hate US currency devaluation. They need the US dollar to be high so they can maintain exports. Over a period of about a year, many of these countries might start to find that they are interested in using BTC as a reserve currency to protect themselves from deflation shocks, and also to give a middle finger to the US.
@_date: 2013-09-01 06:20:12
They don't care about the power of their currency in absolute terns. They care about the power of their currency in relative terms. This is because currency can float freely. If the world switched to bitcoin, they would care about money in absolute terms. This is because the supply would be limited, or severely contrained. If the Chinese were currently mining BTC, they would have a head start in this new world, where BTC is either dominant or one of the main reserve currencies, and the dollar is just a side-show.
Now, let's think about this. The Chinese are currently having trouble with their economy. Part of the reason is because the US is devaluing the dollar, thereby, causing declining exports in China. The only way the Chinese elites can maintain power is by having a good economy. There is a long history of rulers in China being executed. Now that the US is running a currency war with China, this could cause stagnation in China, which currently may be experiencing an asset bubble. The popping of this bubble would potentially resolve into the rulers being executed. Switching to BTC would be a way to live in a world not dominated by Federal Reserve decisions but still manage to have massive wealth in a new world where the dollar is side-swept by BTC. Both Russia and China have made very loud complaints about the actions of the Federal Reserve. Putin has even publicly speculated aloud about moving to a new currency based on commodities. There are numerous countries that are very unhappy with the actions of the Fed Reserve and this is public knowledge.
@_date: 2013-09-01 23:45:42


Do we know that the Chinese elites are not currently mining? Genuine question. This whole thing is kind of a thought experiment, and i know more about economics than about the day to day of bitcoin.
