@_author: eliotk
@_date: 2014-09-05 09:46:34
As the person responsible for the fist and the revolution scheme I am happy that a controversial discussion like this arose from it, because this is exactly what Bitcoin needs – NOISE! 
The revolution thing might seem a simple marketing tool but it is more than that. It is what my team and I personally believe in. We would not put all this effort, money and time towards virtual currencies if we did not believe in it.  
EconHacker says “we are claiming to be the face of a revolution” which is not the case – we are part of the Bitcoin StartUp Eco system and do our utmost to push the virtual currency revolution! Saying “this revolution is for bankers and suits“ is not well thought through either – we are trying to present an environment where views and excitement can be spread between those who are already in the field and those who want to learn more about it. 
If you want Bitcoin&amp;Co to rise, you to have to present it in way that sceptics stop seeing virtual currencies as some underground hacker thing, but an alternative to the financial system as we have it now.  „Bankers and Suits“, as EconHacker calls them, need to understand the opportunity and they won’t necessarily get that in an “Outside Bitcoins Dark in the Park” event! 
You want those leading Hedge funds, family companies, consulting firms that signed up for the show to understand what is going on and fill them with the same excitement we have. Only that way the revolution grows in the necessary way! 
We are not a group of business people that decided in a conference room to come up with the revolution scheme to exploit the Bitcoin society but simply believe in what we do! That I need to buy diapers for my daughter and have to pay for them (unfortunately not in Bitcoins yet) you can surely understand! Oh and the last thing – our speakers do not get paid!
 
But EconHacker, thanks again for bringing this up – I would call you a Bitcoinutionist!
@_date: 2014-09-05 10:05:52
As the person responsible for the fist and the revolution scheme I am happy that a controversial discussion like this arose from it, because this is exactly what Bitcoin needs – NOISE! The revolution thing might seem a simple marketing tool but it is more than that. It is what my team and I personally believe in. We would not put all this effort, money and time towards virtual currencies if we did not believe in it.  EconHacker says “we are claiming to be the face of a revolution” which is not the case – we are part of the Bitcoin StartUp Eco system and do our utmost to push the virtual currency revolution! Saying “this revolution is for bankers and suits“ is not well thought through either – we are trying to present an environment where views and excitement can be spread between those who are already in the field and those who want to learn more about it. If you want Bitcoin&amp;Co to rise, you to have to present it in way that sceptics stop seeing virtual currencies as some underground hacker thing, but an alternative to the financial system as we have it now.  „Bankers and Suits“, as EconHacker calls them, need to understand the opportunity and they won’t necessarily get that in an “Outside Bitcoins Dark in the Park” event! You want those leading Hedge funds, family companies, consulting firms that signed up for the show to understand what is going on and fill them with the same excitement we have. Only that way the revolution grows in the necessary way! We are not a group of business people that decided in a conference room to come up with the revolution scheme to exploit the Bitcoin society but simply believe in what we do! That I need to buy diapers for my daughter and have to pay for them (unfortunately not in Bitcoins yet) you can surely understand! Oh and the last thing – our speakers do not get paid!
 
But EconHacker, thanks again for bringing this up – I would call you a Bitcoinutionist!