@_author: eliptibox
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:27:12
Sorry for missing your point,
Other issues in your comment got my attention.
Regarding your idea, it can be really nice and you can implement a "clean room" with this device.
Let me see that I got your point,
The USB can't be used for the implementation that you mentioned because it is on the "black side" - the unsecured zone.
We have two digital aux connectors on our device, one aux on the secured zone and one aux on the unsecured zone.
This aux connector allows you to connect any device that you like.
Like apple adapters, you can connect usb2aux adapter to the red side and you can connect your device to this port.
You can implement any "clean environment" on the secured ARM and you can add messages to our communication protocol so it will allow you to send commands from the unsecured zone (your PC / your smartphone) to the secured zone and from there to your device.
You are also able to present the command on the display that connected to the secured zone and to ask for physical approve for that by the OK/Esc buttons.
Hope that I got your point.
Thanks a lot,
@_date: 2015-05-29 12:38:38
actually, it is contain FPGA that totally used for implementing strong firewall that separate the internet zone from the crypto zone.
For more information, read this post:
EliptiBox Team
@_date: 2015-05-29 12:36:17
we are spending 100% of the time to reach the best development,
as you can see, we are really not strong in marketing and web development.
anyway, at this stage of the product, we are targeting our device to the core developers of the bitcoin community,
we are totally sure that the strong guys will be able to understand the powerful of our product from our website.
you are welcome to help us to improve our website if it is taking to you one day :)
contact us through the website.
EliptiBox team
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:12:09
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:23:37
Thanks for your long comment :), it looks that you are really interesting in our device. nice to know :).
Regarding your comments, I will try to touch in every issue separately.
About L/W, I fully agree with your comment that L/W is not suitable for saving big amount of BTC. Actually, I really do not understand way someone like to use that. For low amount of BTC, you can use blockchain.info wallet or mycelium or coinbase or a lot of other nice wallets that really provide the usability and security that required for low amount of BTC.
Actually, I think that they biting L/W also in security and usability.
Really don't understand way anybody need that.
It is connecting only to PC and can't work native with smartphone, it is not fully open source (as long as I know) so you can't know what you have inside. It is vulnerable to very simple attack by replacing you the target address and the amount of BTC to send and you will not know that, this way you have to include display on the secured side.
Bottom line, I don't see way to use it at all, maybe I am wrong and I will love to here from you about the advantage of it (Please be explicitly logical and challenge my issues)
Way to use it and not to use mycelium or cloud wallet
Please read this:
It contain our review of the current solutions.
For our first release, EliptiBox really going to be expansive, for perfect devices you have to pay more and If you like to have the most secured and miniature vault on the planet that will be with you and will connect wirelessly to your smartphone you have to pay for that.
Anyway, we are here to stay and we are running for very long distance, in the future, when bitcoin will be more common, we will sell this device for price that lower than the L/W price today.
It is possible to do it for mass production.
currently, we have different target, we are working on creating an open source platform for the bitcoin community to take it and to participate in the challenging of the device till it will be the perfect bitcoin wallet.
Be sure that it is going to be one of our early features.
We understand the value of this and we will support it.
EliptiBox - Complex HW ?
I agree that EliptiBox is not a simple MCU with USB that placed on PCB, as I said, I don't see how this can be secured wallet for bitcoin.
but, It is much more simple than you think.
actually to is so simple and so elegant design that we are sure that everyone with basic knowledge in programming will be able to develop mo that and to understand it very easily after we will publish our documentation with the block diagram and code description and API description for the drivers.
Belive me, it is much simple than you think, we worked very hard to do it like that because we totally know that simplicity is mandatory for getting security.
We have to provide the community to challenging that very easily so it will be highly secured in small amount of time.
Cooperation with L/W
don't see any value with that, Maybe cooperation with Mycelium is smarter advise
EliptiBox name
we are very sorry that you are not like the name, but if this is your main problem, we are more than ok with that.
actually we are in love with this name as we are in love with our product :)
so in love that we will be satisfy if we will not sell even on device but we will have it work for us :), believe me, that is the true.
Elipti is from Elliptic curve and box is just box because it sounds cool.
Again, thanks for your comments, I hope to get a lot of that kind of comments so we will know that the community are interesting in our device.
Best Regards,
EliptiBox team 
@_date: 2015-05-29 12:31:39
The EliptiBox is replacing the Ledger wallet,
It purpose is to get extra security and high usability for holding and spending Bitcoin.
Please read the introduction on our website.
for more information, you can read our blog inside the website
EliptiBox Team
@_date: 2015-05-02 16:00:02
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:53:15
If you are holding more than 10K$ in Bitcoin, I highly recommend you to save it in cold storage.
Currently, there is no any other really secured solution.
All existing solution are required only time and effort to brake.
Please read our blog to get better understanding
For the Trezor example, USB is one the highly valunarble communication.
(Read about "USB vulnerability")
If the hacker is in your smartphone or PC, he is also in your USB device.
USB stack on micro controllers are also very sensitive for IC bugs and code injection.
to get real security you have to implement firewall and it have to be implemented correctly in all SW and hardware layers
EliptiBox Team.
 
@_date: 2015-04-24 22:35:08
The FPGA have one simple target -  to be firewall.
It only secured the port that connects the secured zone (Crypto ARM) to the bluetooth and USB port. 
JTAG is not an issue because it is different pins of the device. If you are holding the device in your hand you don't need to brake the firewall, you need to brake the flash memory of the CryptoARM (And more, but this is for other post).
To implement really secured system you have to implement firewall on separate physical component.
Every HW wallet that use USB port or bluetooth directly to it's Crypto zone without firewall, make joke from security. It is better to use application on smartphone.
Read our post for more details:
We implemented our firewall on dedicated FPGA and not on MCU from very simple reason, this is the only way to implement 101% secured firewall that not sensitive for cyber attacks like code injection.
The JTAG port that allow to change the logic is dedicated physical pins that not accessible to the unsecured side (the BT and USB).
You can always upload new firewall with JTAG but for this you need to hold the device in your hand.
See this blog for more information:
We are not the first one that use FPGA as firewall for extremely secured element, there are good reason way it is not common knowledge...
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:49:43
We did a little tune with the formulation.
To be clear, we distinguish between two kinds on attacks
1. Contactless attack - cyber attack.
2. Physical theft of your wallet.
The first one include any cyber attack that is not required from the attacker to steal your wallet. everything is done remotely, install malware in your smartphone and then doing code injection for example to your HW device.
This kind of attack is the most risky and we claim to be totally protected against it, 101% and not 99.99999%. It is not easy and we think that with the perfect hardware, with perfect hardware firewall, with open source and strong review of the code by the bitcoin community, we will be able to reach this target.
About the second attack, we will provide really high protection that will required really high effort and very expensive tools to brake but it will be 99.999999% protected and with enough resources it will be breakable.
We believe that the most important protection is against syber attack. 
I like to know that as long as I save on my wallet in my pocket, nobody will be able to steal my cash.
This is the main weakness in the bitcoin that not exist in the old money.
@_date: 2015-04-24 16:19:17
Secured as strong as Android phone is secured...
@_date: 2015-04-29 15:50:16
Not wait, but worked hard.
We spend about one year on designing the best architecture, selecting the state of the art components and to simulate all use-cases and possible attacks.
We thought about the simplicity of use, the power consumption, the screen, the best MCU for crypto, the best wireless connection for the smartphone.
And more and more...
For just mcu of 1$ that connected to your pc, you don't need us. You can create solution in one week.
We had a target for perfection, we did't compromised on anything, for this, you need two years  
 
@_date: 2015-04-29 18:14:06
Something like that.
Please contact us on our website if you like to get more information or to help with review the pre-release code.
 
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:30:24
You will have also a PIN code.
Anyway, Please remember that it will be fully open source.
We will upload our code to git and We hope that you will participate in the development and will advise for improvements.
The most issue that was highly important to us is that the hardware will be perfect and elegant, code can always be modified.
 
@_date: 2015-04-24 19:46:24
It is full architecture that have to be fully open to allow full challenging all the time.
It become more and more secured as long as no body was able to brake it during long period of time (exactly like the Bitcoin network)
  
@_date: 2015-04-24 20:12:53
I advise you to read our blog.
There is a way to get the perfect mechanism of an online wallet but to feel like it online.
For this, you have full physical separation between the secured zone to the rest of the world.
We have dedicated chip that have one clear target - separate the domains.
@_date: 2015-04-23 20:13:20
We planned this idea to be valid for this specific product. The net sales are defined without the manufacturing costs, so in your example 1% would be from 50$.
Anyhow, it is just an idea for now from searching for creative ways to enlist community support. It is possible for it to end as an idea, depending on the community response. Currently, we are able to develop the product without external investments. When the product is ready, we would open for preorders.
@_date: 2015-04-28 22:19:32
Don't strain too much,
It is fully described in our website :)
You have full picture there with all parts, it is going to be an open hardware.
Anyway, good identification ;)
@_date: 2015-04-24 20:25:29
Now I got your point. Thanks!
I totally agree.
We will update our post with your point, it is really important issue that need to be review when you choose your solution to store your bitcoin.
offline wallet is truly risky because it is very easy to lose your bitcoin with it. You make everything manually and you can miss something.
we will update the post so the security will combine Loss and Theft
@_date: 2015-04-24 20:00:40
What happen if one of your people can't stand in the temptation to be reach with zero risk... ?
we are not printing the P-KEY, for this, we have uSD and we provide 2 cards for backup (extremely easy process)
You can save them in separate places.
Another option is saving the private key as 2 of 3 mode.
The device allow you to create 3 cards so when you like to restore your wallet you have to use 2 of them.
This give you strong backup and reduce the risk that someone will find one of your uSD Cards.
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:51:54
Thank for the questions.
1. The first round is up to 100 BTC. Let's say you invested all 100 BTC and thus closed the first round. As a result you are entitled to 1% of the future net sales of EliptiBox. If the net sales income over time is 1000 BTC, you will get 10 BTC. So the return is tied to the actual sales of the product and not to your initial investment.
If you were to invest only 50 BTC in the first round, then you will get in proportion 0.5% of the net sales.
2. The cost could be anywhere between 50 to 250$, depending on the manufacturing volume of the hardware. Interest from the community can help us to produce large batches and lower the price substantially.
3. We do have a dedicated secure element in addition to the comprehensive physical security around the board.
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:05:32
We are fully commited to provide the most intuitive and simple interface for our device, we are totally believe that we will be able to do it.
About the HW tech point of view, Please read the following posts:
It provide basic explanation for that.
If it is not clear, please contact us through our website (contact) and challenge us with your misunderstanding. 
We are truly like to provide full explanation that will allow users to understand the risks that we protecting from them.
Without the security issue, there is no any reason to use separate device for holding bitcoin, you can easily use smartphone application.
EliptiBox Team
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:38:22
We plan for first release in 2015-Q4
Anyway, 
we will have the hardware ready before that.
We have a big list of developers that interest in getting our hardware for develop on it before the release, if you are also interesting in developing on it, please subscribe in our website and we will come back to you with all required information.
Best Regards,
EliptiBox Team
@_date: 2015-04-08 23:03:46
To allow the Bank to make more money from your money :)
@_date: 2015-04-29 17:52:47
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:57:26
We are fully agree.
Please read our post to understand the magic:
This is the most important issue behind our device.
@_date: 2015-04-29 06:00:53
Sorry, little dyslexia and no time for proofing,
Two much work to do...
@_date: 2015-04-24 22:52:03
We are happy that this kind of discussion is rising.
Now you are starting to take the protection level to the extreme.
Please now that there are a lot of manufactures that pushing hardware malware to IC. successive hardware bitcoin wallet will be very attractive to this kind of attack.
This is the reason that using dedicated firewall and perfect implementation of the crypto code and using chips from different company and architecture will help to deal also with this kind of attacks.
Closing to the lunch of our product, we are going to reveal patent pending that we have that deal with all kind of malware inside IC.
Our architecture is designed to prevent the possibilities to wake them up.
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:34:35
We are using deterministic signature. Our crypto is based the TRAZOR library as is.
We have also Physical TRNG on the device for future features.
Actually, we have two independent TRNG physically separated,
This something that you have to do to protect against hardware malware that can be hidden in integrated circuits.
We aimed this device to be open platform for security application so TRNG is mandatory feature 
@_date: 2015-04-24 16:32:36
In general, we agree with your agenda, however, holding bitcoin in our device is not exactly like holding cash in your pocket, it is much more secured.
We have some very strong inovative idea that will eliminate the ability to pull the private key from the device and to use it by unauthorized users. actually it will not be there, nor outside to it...
It will created inside and disappear every time you make transaction.
About loosing it, you alwase have your backup on uSD in save place.
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:11:50
Thank you all for your comment and interesting.
I like the comment about innovation.
We truly believe that innovation is the place to take something that looks impossible and to make it reality.
That's the exactly thing we are trying to do.
Using Bitcoin can be also easy and securly also for transfer millions of dollars, this is the only get to make it really common.
we are planning to release our product to the market in 2015-Q4.
It is going to be really simple device that will be extremely easy to use.
We will publish the full architecture of it so you will be able to fully understand how it is work.
You will have the full control for compiling the source code to it.
You will have the full control to modify it and to develop your features on it.
You will have the full ability to understand it with our documentation.
Maybe it is look's complicated but this device is very simple and tiny.
We invite you to ready our blogs carefully to understand our solution.
With restricted knowledge in security, we came to the conclusion that this is the only way to get the security level that required to holds millions of dollars and to sleep well without the requirements to format old PC, hiding parts of notes in different places, creating crazy backups and abrading from forgetting something and loosing all of your bitcoins.
without talking about the big problem that you have if you like to spend some of that.
We really offering the perfect solution, it is not easy to understand right now because we are concentrate on the development and not on the marketing, we promise to make it clear in the near future.
please know that based on really special and restricted knowledge, we spend about one year only to reach the perfect architecture that will solve the entire problem, will be highly elegant and easy to adopt by the Bitcoin community.
Best Regards,
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:39:50
We have been working on it for about 2.5 years.
Indeed there is a lot of work to do.
We have working demo that sign transaction on embedded:
The hardware is ready.
We have working server and the android application is very mature.
Hope to post nice demo soon.
Who we are? Nice guys that love crypto and innovation ;)
Not very good in marketing as you can see from our technical website, but it will be resolved soon when we will have time for that.
We are self funded, pay everything from our private credit cards.
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:45:34
Sounds funny but it is the only parameter that not depend on us, but depend on you...
It is depending directly on the amount that we will be able to sell because the components price and the production reduced dramatically for high volume.
Subscribe to our website, tell your friends, help us to be public and to explain the Bitcoin community way it is important project.
This will allow us to reduce the price.
We are going to get very low margin for this, we do not spend money on anything regarding pure perfect R&amp;D.
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:28:14
Till now, I agree.
There is no one product in the world that can say that.
EliptiBox is the first one!
I advise you to read our blog carefully, it is just the beginning...
The Bitcoin is the first use-case that really require a level of 101% security 101% and not 99.9999%
Our device is immune to Code injection, hardware malware inside IC, electromagnetic attacks and mach more attacks that we can't write about them in this stage.
Thanks for your comment!
Best Regards,
EliptiBox Team
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:15:31
We are taking all comments very seriously, we try to replay to any relevant comment. Only issue of time.
Did we miss something important ?
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:14:14
nice!