@_author: elite5472
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:04:42
It's extremely dangerous, I'll leave it at that lol.
If you really want to enjoy the best SA has to offer, go to Florianopolis or Punta del Este, you won't be disappointed.
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:09:42
Yeah, they also aren't living in Venezuela, lol. That might have been a thing a few years back, but at this point? Not really. Case in point, one of my best friends was a fashion model and she's now serving tables in Argentina.
Besides, you don't have to go to a warzone to get top escorts for cheap, just come to Brazil and you'll have an amazing time.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:54:50


Venezuelan, programmer, fluent in english, entrepenour owner of two companies here.
I don't live there anymore! Since 2010!
Does that answer your question? Literally every classmate I had in univeristy moved to another country and are doing well in various places and industries, or serving tables in argentina.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:52:25
Venezuelan here, programmer, fluent in english, own my own company.
In Brazil and the US that is, I left a long time ago in 2010. Most of my friends from college left, the only ones who remain are the ones who cannot afford to leave.
This shit didn't start a couple of years ago, it's been bad since 2006, so the vast majority of capable professionals have long since left the country.
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:35:29


Lol I won't lift a finger for any less than $40 an hour without equity. Good, cheap, experienced, pick two.


Here's my POV as an employer.
1- Health and safety risks: I have no guarantees my cheap venezuelan programmer won't get shot during an armed robbery or suffer from some deadly disease without the means for treatment, thus losing months of training plus the immense distress that would cause to my other employees.
2- There has been a massive, massive brain drain in the country. All the teachers who taught me? In spain. My fellow classmates? All over the world. Let me reiterate that any young talent that had the chance to leave has left, and it's been years since Venezuela's education system has been in a state capable of producing good talent. Do you find yourself considering hiring in places like Haiti or Siria? What reasonable talent can you expect to find there with a crumbled economy and an education system in shambles?
3- If what you want is code monkeys you can hire from much safer places. I can get an intern here in Brazil from a reputable university for $400 a month or less. At some point a $200 difference kinda stops mattering when you're assured your employee has stable life circumstances and good education.
4- Sure, for those in Venezuela, it doesn't matter how they get paid as long as the money arrives. For my Brazilian company? I have to go through insane amounts of red tape.


There might be, I can't prove otherwise, but I know I'd lose more time looking for one than any savings I'd make back hiring them over a Brazilian graduate.


Trust me when I say everything he's telling you about the state the country is is true. At worst he's lying about his ability as a professional, but how would any young graduate work his way out of the country? I don't know. I'm turning 28, my family had a chance to leave before it got really bad and we left with a good third of our capital and a chance to rebuild. Not everyone had that chance, but when you're fleeing a dictatorship, the first thing you learn is to leave the past behind because otherwise it'll just drag you back with it.
I was not only capable, but also extremely lucky. Being the child of a Brazilian mother wasn't something I earned through hard work. If I was him I'd be looking for any chance to leave that place and start over elsewhere, but I don't know his circumstances.
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:01:57
They've been leaving since Chavez' second re-election in 2006, my family left in 2010. Difficult to say who's left at this point, but I don't know anyone besides some elders in my family that aren't living elsewhere by now.
Those who remained either couldn't leave (like my grand parents) or had ties to the government (my sleazy snake of an aunt). Everyone else that had the means to is long gone.