@_author: elizadymond
@_date: 2019-07-24 11:32:15
It's probably fear. The fear of the unknown, just like the boom of the internet before people tend to bat an eye or just mock the idea of it. They are scared that it's way too advance for us to progress that fast when in fact, we are really underestimating what us humans can do. I usually just ignore these naysayers and do my own thing investing with the projects/platforms that I love and just mingle with the other crypto enthusiasts that really appreciate the potential of it. Like the other day, I have checked this platform that has this cool feature called the Blockchain Offload Engine is a highly compatible customized hardware chipset with an embedded ECDSA module and a hardware random number generator.  The platform/project is called [HPB]( you can go ahead and check out but make sure you do your own research first and don't just take my word for it. Anyways, I am glad you opened this kind of discussion as well as your thoughts about it. Don't worry more people will take notice about BTC or blockchain sooner or later.
@_date: 2019-07-24 12:05:31
Anything that FB is related to is always something fishy. Never trust people who sell info to government and big companies so they can sell anything to you without you even knowing it which is sad. Not sure how they get away with it but this time, only a total bloke would rely on that token/coin. There are tons of projects/platforms to support to like this [one]( It has functionality especially online gaming/casinos are pretty much in nowadays, not only that it utilizes dedicated high specification servers and the BOE hardware units. These chipsets are designed to increase security, and accelerate the rate at which transactions are processed by reducing bottlenecks in the server. 
So take heed all the warnings, DYOR as always and make sure to check before you accept and invest in these kinds of shady projects.
@_date: 2019-07-24 11:39:24
I lie bitcoin too, but what I love is the blockchain itself. I'm glad he is able to express his appreciation towards it but there's more to that than just the cryptocurrency. There are tons of platforms/projects out there that provide convenience and faster process when it comes to transactions. I even found a unique project that I want to take part in which has a customized hardware [Blockchain Offload Engine]( (BOE), with high-performance blockchain software, enabling unrivaled scalability. On top of that, there are other amazing features but what I like the most is the conventional benefits of a blockchain (distributed trusted computing), our BOE also provides an additional layer of security. I hope there are more people that would testify and just fully provides true analysis and judgement about blockchain so people would get the idea and totally support it!
@_date: 2019-07-20 13:45:03
Yep, it's the calm before the storm once it hit its all-time high lots it will def be worth it, but just like in any investments don't cry if you don't expect too much. The money you spent on should be an extra or something you are willing to risk to lose. If you can't then this is def not for you, like the other day I participated in this micro token offering conducted by [STP]( which is pretty neat but for you to participate you have to buy their tokens then it works like a lottery once you're inside. What gets me going is the rewards like getting a particular token at a discounted price like 50% but since I missed the 3rd round Imma have to wait for the 4th round on the 22nd
@_date: 2019-07-20 13:32:02
Lots of transactions nowadays include BTC as a means of payment so I think it really has functionality. I think some people don't have the slightest patience to even consider it like paypal but a MUCH BETTER paypal without the stealing. Fee can kill you and that's what crypto is trying to remove. The other day I have spent BTC for online purchases and was glad I don't have to go over fees unless I transfer something in my bank account or go over the counter. The possibilities can be endless since the blockchain itself is being used for different platforms, the other week I stumbled upon this STP platform that provides MTO event (If you want to know more just check it [here]( I don't want to bore you with the details but its pretty much self explanatory, it works like a chance of winning discounted prices of token and I mean half discount of that particular token, which is pretty cool. So yeah I really love this adoption thing and the blockchain overall, slowly but surely people will def recognize it more!