@_author: elizatwolittle
@_date: 2018-08-02 03:29:38
Thank you to everyone who responded.  I am new to reddit and somehow didn't receive emails that anyone had commented and it took me awhile to get emotionally ready to check the comments.  I haven't had time to go through all of the comments very closely yet, but thank you for the words of caution.  I have been very careful who I have mentioned any of this to and I would not show anyone the "wallet" who I did not trust.  While I was a little hesitant about involving my husband's friend, he is a computer guy, so I thought he might at least know more than my family member and I.  I have no worries about my family member at all.  
I'll admit I took a bit of a leap of faith with my husband's friend, but, as things have progressed, I am pretty convinced that he is completely trustworthy.  He has told me that he would try to recover them for free if he could, but he is also a busy father with 3 kids of his own so it's been a bit on the back burner and, as it turns out, he didn't know all that much about Bitcoins himself in the beginning.  So, it's been a bit like the blind leading the blind.  My family member discovered certain things and then my husband's friend pretty much discovered those same things separately on his own so we all seem to be on the same page.  We all figure there must be a way to access them, but we are just not 100% certain how to make it happen.  For the beginning of this process, I did not have any credible passwords to try, but I recently found what I believe is at least one very viable password written down on a piece of paper which changes everything.  So, we are going to try to get together and give it a try.  That way no one person sees the Bitcoins without me being around.  I have not shared the possible password with ANYONE and will not text or email it.  I will only bring it to my family member and my husband's friend in person when I see them and when we all work on it together.  Obviously, if I have plenty in there, I will probably give my husband's friend a small amount for his troubles, but he seems like the type of person who is simply happy to help.  My husband was that way as well.  So was a third friend of theirs.  It is very difficult to explain...let's call my husband A, this friend of his who is helping with the Bitcoins B and another friend of theirs C.  Well, a number of years ago, C passed away in Iraq.  C was my husband's best friend since childhood and all 3 of them became friends in college.  Well, then my husband, A, passed away a few years ago and so B is the only one of the trio left.  My child has C's middle name and is the only child that A or C ever had so I don't think that B could ever bring himself to do anything like running off with the money intended for the only child that is carrying on the legacy of his 2 best friends.  I have not mentioned this situation to anyone online yet except for you reddit folks and I have been wary of even contacting BitGo because I don't want to tell them too much.  Ha ha!  I mean, how can you even trust their website?  They also don't appear to be very helpful in these situations, anyway.  I haven't had very good luck with online stuff like this.  Dropbox, for example, just deleted my husband's account due to inactivity just because I didn't gain access to it in time.  So...poof!  All of those photos gone.  He had it automatically set up on my computer's desktop as well as his, but mine had viruses so I couldn't access it that way and I was afraid to touch his computer after that.  And I didn't know what email address he used for it.  Eventually, my husband's friend and I were able to get into the correct email for Dropbox, but it was too late by then...poof!  our family photos were gone.  And even if I had tried to gain access to his Dropbox account earlier, I would have had to get a COURT ORDER to do so which is ridiculous!  So, this is the sort of stuff you have to deal with online these days as a widow, apparently.  And, I don't know that the court would really care about whether I provide a death certificate or not as someone else suggested for these Bitcoins because the laws haven't really caught up to such things yet as far as I am aware.  That is what makes it all so frustrating.  
Anyway, I especially appreciate the efforts of dooglus on here!  I'll see if I can look over things more closely now.  Thanks!  Also, I had to look up what OP meant.  Ha ha!  Totally new to these things, obviously.  If my husband were here all of this would be old hat to him.  He was always on these sorts of forums discussing nerdy/computer oriented things or figuring out how to fix our cars or anything really.  He would be incredibly amused and proud that I am on here figuring this out.
@_date: 2018-08-03 17:55:15
This.Is.Amazing!  Thank you SO SO much! I will definitely be running this by my more computer savvy folks helping me out!  I will try to let you know how things turn out.  Thank you so much for going through all of it step by step!  I'm seriously crying over here.
@_date: 2018-08-02 03:37:48
There appear to be 2 private keys and 1 public key, but one of the sections is the wallet passcode itself (encrypted).  So, that's why I think BitGo should be able to help me out.  I hope that makes sense.  Ah, yes, I see the parts about if BitGo becomes inaccessible.  I wonder if you can use that even if they are accessible though?  I mean, how does that work? Thanks!  Yes, what you wrote from the wallet is very similar to what I have if not exact for the FAQ part.