@_author: ella_mentry
@_date: 2013-04-02 14:54:20
1. Having to use a centralized proxy service is not what I had in mind when being told about a decentralized currency. Centralized services create a wealth of problems, from ease of monitoring to simple trust - I don't trust free email providers with my email, why would I trust a free service with my money!
2. I have to agree with you here. My question was aimed at gathering the philosophical viewpoints of the bitcoin community. 
3. Yes. Yes. Yes. However this isn't a software bug, this is a basic architectural flaw. It is very hard, and costs a lot in terms of time and effort, to fix base protocol issues in backwards compatible ways.
@_date: 2013-04-02 15:31:49
1. Are you referring to clients like Electrum referred to above which relay on centralized servers? Or is there some mathematical magic that can be done to reduce the size of the blockchain that needs to be verified by an individual client?
2. I agree with you here. My question was aimed at gathering the philosophical viewpoints of the bitcoin community.
3. Evolution over Revolution is a good model for change, when built on solid ground. As far as I can tell Bitcoin was released and then has been patched. Has there ever been a design review of the initial release (I have attempted to find it, but I obviously haven't tried the correct phrase with Google? I would be interested in reading it.
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:17:28
Thank you for your reply.
1. See my concerns highlighted in other replies RE. Centralized infrastructure
2. I certainly agree that crytocurrency is the next logical alternative to cash - is Bitcoin going to take that pedestal? I am not so sure. I certainly have a lot more reading to do.
3. A fair point, although I fail to find a Roadmap for the protocol. The closest I can find is this stack exchange answer:  and a few other online forum posts which seem to consist of aspirational goals rather than sound technological stepping stones "we will have fixed this" "this will be easier" . Do you have a source for the "everyone MUST upgrade", I have been unable to find it?
@_date: 2013-04-02 15:26:20
I was aware that Electrum wasn't storing the money, my issue was with the proxying. Bitcoin advertises itself as a P2P service, but there is a current hidden requirement of centralized services to participate for the very people who are proposed to benefit the most from this P2P model (the people who don't currently have access to centralized infrastructure for banking!).
My concerns of monitoring and privacy also stand.
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:10:17
Thank you for the links. That should give me something to read through.