@_author: elpajuogaming
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:00:41
Full disclosure: I am not nor do i know this individual. His posted was shared by a mutual friend and it landed on my newsfeed. I read it, which is odd since its fucking long as hell. I thought it was rather informative but idk about how truthful or informative it really was. So i came on reddit and found this subreddit and wanted to ask your thoughts. nobody really liked or commented on it except one person. I dont think anyone in his friends list is interested in reading that crap. Is he making sense? Should i hop back into crypto? I came in and got really screwed when it was near 18k. THought we were goin up and it suddenly crashed hard and fast. Lost a bit of money and kept losing whenever i tried to buy the dips. I suck at trading and would rather hodl if its a good time to do so. Thoughts? Serious by the way and no i am not advertising this persons post. If you think so, i can just copy and paste it if you want rather than linking. I dont want to break any rules here.
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:00:15
My binance account was hacked and I lost thousands of dollars. Their customer service didn't care and couldn't help of course. They said sorry but not sorry basically. All during and around the time of the hack. That is why I do not trust binance anymore. The hack was from their end btw.
@_date: 2019-09-23 02:59:54
password strong, 2fa was on yes. binance claimed that they had access to my email account and that the hacker took everything and changed my password. i did not use api access either. google stated that there was no breach noticed on their end and that this was false. i presented binance with the information and they denied what google said from their end, and stated that it was entirely my fault and that binance is not responsible for the funds being gone and me losing access to my account. This was during the time just before and during the ongoing binance security breaches, as data from online indicated that the breaches were occurring around the time it ghappened to me. so funds are gone. I even had a prominent security expert (well known) from microsoft writeup an explanation about it and how it happened, and presented that to binance myself. They denied it all. Then binance gets hacked and it comes open. I open another support about the situation. They said since this happened before the date publicly stated, i am being denied. binance smh. so i no longer trust binance as a result.
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:18:16
People will look and think the person has problems. That is how society judges people, sadly. They won't spend their time googling and investing. People are not conscious like that. They might also associate the cross looking thing as if you lead a religious life, and they might associate the banners with the religious life in a negative manner. Not against OP at all, just trying to think like people driving by. The few people you do  get interest in it, will likely be confused in how to buy it and will be worried with the numerous bad and good news out there. They will be conflicted. It will reach a low number of people is the point. No offense intended.