@_author: elpechos
@_date: 2014-02-14 15:00:00
Most banks seem to run fraction ratio between 10 and say 70%
I think it would be entirely possible to stably run a bitcoin wallet at this fractioning ratio. 
Especially if you were electronically trading IOUs between many online banks/wallets.
At the moment people seem to hoard bitcoin a lot more than spend it which suggests you could get away with an even higher fraction ratio than fiat banks.
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:02:01
You seriously think that even though most banks offer multi currency deposits of hundreds of currencies that they will be 'scared' to just add one more?
You seriously think they don't have enough money to buy enough bitcoins to loan out to people if they desired?
Also; People need loans, to buy houses. To do that, you need collateral. So that means if you have a lot of bitcoin you need to either 
a.) Sell those bitcoins and give the bank say 10, 20% cash as collateral
b.) Give the bitcoins to the bank as say 10, 20% collateral on your homeloan
They'll fraction either the bitcoin or cash I give them as an asset to create more loans naturally. 
They'll take anything that legislation allows, grows their balance sheet, and lets them deal out more loans.
They don't give a crap if it's inside the bank or not. Mortages are basically assets that are outside the bank and they're happy with those. Hell most mortages they're happy to sell on third party markets to turn straight into cash, which they can loan against immediately because the debt has now collapsed
There's no reason they would be scared of doing this with the coin.. Give out bitcoin loans and then sell it immediately on a third party market for cash then boom there's their deposits to loan further against
Do they have a problem with sending the police to your house to repossess it? Not one bit.
Just because you've got coin in your wallet at home doesn't mean that they won't someone to repossess it if you've put it up as a collateral. And they'll loan out against it too; even if it's not actually in the bank.
The number of options for banks to 'deal' with bitcoin is mindboggling. They only thing they'd be worried about is what they are allowed to do.
 
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:38:05
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:39:51
So much so
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:40:37
One can only hope :)
@_date: 2014-02-13 13:45:05
they sure can mtgox might even be doing.it now
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:55:36
Not really. Your post is completely wrong. Most people here are being defrauded not due to a lack of security. But due to a lack of transparency in the market. 
Putting your coin under the mattress is only a good idea because few (none?) of the exchanges/banks/wallets are even doing basic stuff like publishing their net tangible assets every day or releasing quarterly meetings
In real life, this would absolutely not be the victims fault. This level of lack of transparency would be corruption, and seems readily accepted in the bitcoin community -- because...mattress storage!
. Whom here has seen a report of all coinbases assets? Or mtgox, or btc-e? Whom exactly is checking these places aren't full of shit? Answer; nobody.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:27:08
I agree with this. Thanks pierebel!
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:15:05
Sorry dude :/
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:34:28
Knowing typical noobs they wouldn't have seen a problem with letting some automated software send funds automatically from a cold wallet :P
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:25:01
Because houses are expensive compared to peoples wages?
Because people are willing to pay a premium for the landed gentry 'lifestyle' even though there are other assets that generally will get you rich much faster (and loan free) that are readily available
Most people don't buy a house for financial reasons..they buy it for lifestyle reasons. (own pets, no landlord inspections, do your own modification, live near your favourite entertainment, parks, blah) and they are impatient to get these things.
In addition because society often sees home ownership as the end goal of employment (As opposed to say, having a large holdings in gold or the stock market)
All this keeps the price high against other asset classes in comparison...This is free market at work, not banking.
@_date: 2014-02-13 11:19:23
Mmm, you just gave me a thought. Maybe we should start a list somewhere of banks that engage in seemingly anti-bitcoin behaviour and those that do not and those that appear to be pro bitcoin.
This list might be usable as a way of getting some gauge of the overall view of the banking industry
My gut feel though(And I've been wrong before!) is that these kind of closures are mainly due to concerns that they will get spanked.
Sadly I don't work at a bank presently. Otherwise I would just directly ask the CEO these questions because he seemed like an alright guy.
Maybe if anyone is currently working at a bank they could try and just ask?
Thanks for contributing, pietrosperoni 
@_date: 2014-02-13 10:15:12
You're not wrong as to how fractional banking works. 
Well; you are wrong. But not in a way that matters to this argument. I'm intimately familiar with what happens inside a bank database. I've worked on a few.
But you're wrong that it's not free market forces at work that causes this.
Anyone is free to loan out money they don't have. Mtgox is potentially doing just that, for example. 
So why doesn't this work out for mtgox? They don't have trust of the market.
I could fraction casino chips if I got enough trust behind me. Again this isn't something bitcoin specific.
The reason that this strategy works for banks. Is people have trust in banks not to fuck it up (Which wasn't always the case.)
Again this is free market at work. You have a choice of taking a fractional loan or not.  Most people choose the fractional loan because they consider the increased risk acceptable against reduced interest rate.
Conversely most depositors would choose a fractional bank over a full reserve one. They accept the increased risk for the increased interest rates.
Both because they have a decent amount of trust in banks. 
If they didn't make this choice, and this trust didn't exist, fractional banking would dry up and full reserve would become common.
 It's not the banks that make this choice for you though. It's you making this choice. It's not like they hide how the fractioning works
This is free market at work...Full reserve banks were once common...but they tended to dry up.
I fully expect as the bitcoin community matures. Most bitcoin banks(wallets?) will be fractional as well, for exactly the same reasons, and history will just repeat itself. This level of trust just doesn't exist for mtgox though.
Once we get to this point, all we are doing is letting the free market decide how many banks should exist. And a bitcoin bank isn't any more threatening to a fiat bank then a new credit union or any other new bank or bank-like competitor forming. Nothing to see here at all. 
Banks aren't particularly frightened of new banks are appearing. Any more so then a gardener is frightened of new gardeners appearing. They got into the position they are today via trust.
Furthermore. I expect a long way into the future. People will start forgetting why trust in fractional wallets started increasing. And start forgetting it was /they/ who decided that fractional wallets were OK. And there will be nothing to distinguish a bitcoin bank from a regular bank, and redditors will have the same hate for both.
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:12:00
The reasons in my OP are pretty much exactly why fractioning started occurring in the first place in the fiat world :) 
People became willing to accept some increased risk for an increased interest rate and easier access to loans.
@_date: 2014-02-14 14:47:00
Wish I was a rich banker! :)
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:55:43
Most rich people don't have their money as money. So they don't contribute much in fiat anyhow.
If you had 1 billion dollars and kept all that in cash you'd be losing 20 million/year in value due to inflation.
Rich people keep their money in stocks/art/gold/debt etc.
Their high diversification makes them less impacted by move in fiat value than poor people even.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:33:29
Yeah; sounding like their cold wallet wasn't actually what we'd call a cold wallet.
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:27:48
Pete's sake; redditors are superficial and fickle some (all?) of the time
@_date: 2014-02-14 14:58:56
Most banks seem to run fraction ratio between 30 and say 70%
I think it would be entirely possible to stably run a bitcoin wallet at this fractioning ratio. Especially if you were electronically trading IOUs between many online banks/wallets.
@_date: 2014-02-16 17:56:11
Banks that are being riskier will also tend to pay higher interest rate.
Most likely people will be greedy and push the fraction ratio lower and lower over time until it fucks up, same as with real banks.
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:05:13
Don't know why this is being downvoted. It's totally true.
If I was defrauded by a corrupt 401k or a credit union I wouldn't expect the community to go hahahahaha what a fucking n00b you should have put your money under your mattress like me. My mattress is like fucking fort kn0x! It's got cum stains and dog hairs and everything to keep people out! 
@_date: 2014-02-14 14:55:32
You wouldn't even see the IOUs they'd be traded between online wallets not the general public. Same as how fractional banking works now.
@_date: 2014-02-14 19:25:51
Looks like you are right; 
Though historically the smallest reserve ratio was much higher. 
I'm going to downvote myself :)
Country 	1968 	1978 	1988 	1998  (year)
United Kingdom 	20.5 	15.9 	5.0 	3.1  (reserve %)
Turkey 	58.3 	62.7 	30.8 	18.0
Germany 	19.0 	19.3 	17.2 	11.9
United States 	12.3 	10.1 	8.5 	10.3
India[26] 	3 	6 	10 	10-11
I'm in Australia and I believe banks that aren't part of our 'big four' tended to have highish reserve ratios compared to the US, especially for small banks (like the one I worked in)
It might be reasonable to assume that a similar trend may occur in fractional bitcoin wallets. 
That the reserve may start high and fall lower over time as confidence increases if there are no withdraw issues.
But I'm going to say you're probably right and that bitcoin wallets would at least start with a much higher (And thus less likelyhood of runs) ratio than banks run with now.
But given wallets and banks may be under similar pressures history may repeat itself and fraction ratio of wallets may tend to decrease over time.
I think it's unwise to suggest that historic trends in fiat banking won't replicate themselves again with bitcoin and understanding the history of fiat is critical in predicting the future of bitcoin
Thanks cjmalloy!
@_date: 2014-02-14 15:03:36
Thanks, guapomole4reals!
Seems like most people who actually work in a bank agree the bank isn't too concerned about the coin.
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:46:09
Total income as you said was about 23 billion
Lets see how much of that came specifically from hosting accounts
We can include this;
Investment banking fees  $1,685
We maaaaybe can include some of this. But not all, because some of it is related to lending, like I said
Lending- and deposit-related fees $1,469
So let's say 1/2 of this gets included. 0.7
The rest of the non interest income is directly debt related
So if we add 1.4 and 0.7 we get 2.1
Roughly 10% of their income comes from hosting accounts...not a great deal.
@_date: 2014-02-14 15:13:43
'They' is IOUs that could be created by online wallets


Yes! This is /exactly/ what fractional reserve banks do currently!


It's feasible because most people aren't doing anything with their bitcoin anyhow.
And they could do exactly this. Why wouldn't they?
It already happened exactly like this in the fiat world! Fractional banks weren't the first banks, they became common because of free market pressure.
People were historically willing to accept a slight increase in risk that they might not be able to withdraw their coin. But will get a large increase in interest rate paid by their wallet.
A fractional wallet would offer things like this;
"ElPECHOS SUPER FRACTIONAL RESERVE WALLET!"
Earn 5% PA on your bitcoin!
Borrow bitcoin for 5.5% per year!
This is more appealing than a full reserve wallet that says;
"CHRISRICO FULL RESERVE WALLET!!"
Earn 0% on your bitcoin!
Borrow bitcoin for 10% per year!


Even if this is true (Which it's not for 'mixing' style wallets like mtgox)
The current fractional banks don't hide the fact they fraction anyhow!
Fractioning isn't a negative people try to hide. It's a feature that has a low chance of impacting withdraws. But a high chance of greatly improving interest rates on offer. So even if you did know they were fractioning, it wouldn't make you any less likely to invest in a fractioning wallet.
@_date: 2014-02-06 11:05:22
Forget Norway
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:52:05
Think if mtgox decided to get onto bitcoinbuilder.com and start selling gox BTC
Inflation anyone?
Maybe you should buy gox BTC in that fashion and package it up with a bunch of mortage securities..sell that shit to someone else as 'low risk'..be just like our very own GFC. All grown up and shit!
@_date: 2014-02-13 10:52:52
I would be pretty confident that this is because they are worried about risk of running afoul of government regulation. Not because they wouldn't like to accept more deposits. But you do have a point. It is some evidence that banks support is perhaps not as strong as one would like.
@_date: 2014-02-12 13:39:34
Why not limit how much CPU/memory each user account can use?
Trivial to do in most *nix systems.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:28:11
The IOUs don't even need to be paper money. Fractional bitcoin banks and wallets would just trade IOUs between themselves electronically
Most likely the public would never directly see an IOU. Which is the same way fractioning works now pretty much.
Because of your interaction with a bank is viewing the balance on a webpage or a receipt. It doesn't mean the bank will actually have this full balance available though.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:29:41
Thank you for this usrn. 
I think your point that central banks and commercial, investment or credit union style banks would have different views is a good one!
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:25:34
What the hell are you smoking?
When gox was +$100 it was because nobody could get their fucking money out and presumably still can not.
Before that their shitty trade platform was responsible, or at least partially responsible, for just about 1/2 the major bitcoin crashes, scaring off potential new users.
Their press releases are always terrible. 
They don't publish their assets or holdings in any verifiable way and actively refuse to comment on their solvency. Which I'm not even sure is legal. (Trading insolvent attracts some seriously bad legal mojo)
Exactly what is to like?
You realize that when your holdings were $+100 over other exchanges that your money was fictional, right? You couldn't withdraw it.
The only service gox is doing for you is rendering a big number on a html page. Here, allow me;
Kolex Has: &lt;span class='balance'&gt;$54,452 &lt;/span&gt; USD!!!
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:01:41
Why wouldn't you want to click on the video to open it?
Do you mean you normally run vlc and then go media-&gt;open file or like drag drop? (maybe into the playlist?)
All these things work anyhow..
@_date: 2014-02-15 02:25:28
What kind of solutions?
What kind of disruptions?
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:11:42
Because most people can't afford a house without a loan. To get the loan you need to have something on depsoit at the bank....you don't get it do you...
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:32:21
Also stocks still exist if the exchange they're trading on closes :p
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:14:20
Yup. Bank I work with isn't scared of bitcoin in any way either. 
They're keen on it.
 The bank currently has to transfer money between banks in a messy disorganized way. And often they have to pay significant money in third party audits. Bitcoin is easier to audit. So they'd like it.
Bitcoin basically represents less stuff they have to code themselves and gives them a standard to work with that they don't have to (expensively) argue over amongst each other.
The blockchain also makes their job of determining if you have collateral and how reliable you are for the purpose of giving loans easier...Currently  if most of your assets are with another bank or entity they have to negotiate information there, call your employer,make sure you aren't double leveraging your assets somehow, and a bunch of stuff they would prefer not to do.
With bitcoin, you could just sign a bunch of stuff and publish addresses to demonstrate to the bank that to demonstrate your income, saving habbits and that you're not a credit risk without any cost to them...they'd love that. To determine if you're double leveraging they could just search for the address.
It doesn't impact their ability to give out loans and take deposits in any way...
@_date: 2014-02-16 22:17:58
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:33:01
Does it matter? This is less loss in % terms
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:30:33
Thanks for your input matthewpaul. 
Traders at investment banks would have a much better idea of the situation than I do
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:07:48
Having worked as a developer for a bank or two I can inform you that banks 100% would not give a shit about bitcoin.
They already deal with thousands of different kinds of unusual assets types; and hundreds of currencies. 
Bitcoin would just be another drop in the ocean.
Also primary income of banks isn't hosting accounts. It's giving out loans.  Loans will no doubt still be in demand in the bitcoin future. I don't see how banks would have to 'deal' with bitcoin in any way, anymore than they have to 'deal' with gold.  
They'll take basically anything in collateral if there's enough of it vs the risk and they want to add new debt assets to their portfolio and the govt doesn't have any rules against it.
They do care a lot about govt regulation though; this is borderline the only thing they do care about.
And by 'care' I mean. How do I pervert this regulation as much as possible to make my balance sheet look good without bringing down regulatory wrath?
Also I don't know why you think banks are pro regulation. They hate it. Banks would dump all their high risk debt onto any market they could if they thought the price was right.
If they thought they could get away with it. Any bank would happily sell you some rednecks credit card debt for; well; basically anything they could get away with. Bitcoin, property, cash, yuan, ends up all the same on their balance sheet with mark to market accounting. 
Here is simple flowchart to tell what's on a banks mind.
1. Will the evil govt regulation(from bank perspective) let me create more debt? If yes; go to two.
2. Get some sucker to take a loan
3. Do I think I can get interest on this loan at reasonable rate to the risk? If yes, go back to 1.
4. Sell the debt on any market that the evil govt legislation(from bank perspective) allows
5. Have I created too much debt that legislation allows? If yes, go to 4, otherwise, go to 1.
You guys are just trying to feel more important than you really are...
Hello everyone. I didn't expect this to cause such a shitstorm. Because it has I'd like to clarify a few things.
1.) Some people have raised a point that commercial banks, vs central or reserve banks might have a different opinion on coin (Or may not). I think this is quite likely to be the case and is a good point. They have different pressures. To clarify. I was working at a commercial bank.
2.) By 'developer' above. I meant software developer. I was a lead developer and as such I had access to (and became reasonably familiar with) core banking databases, models, etc. The bank I worked out was relatively small so I also had some access to upper management and the occasional chat with the CEO.
3.) Some of you think you can't fraction bitcoin if your running a bitcoin wallet/bank. I'd like to nip this in the bud as it's not true. Banks tend to run fraction levels around ~30 to 65%  It'd be entirely possible to run a bitcoin bank at this fraction ratio. Fractioning is basically just printing a different balance to your users than the bank actually has in real bitcoin. These fake balances could easily get passed between multiple online wallets as they do in real life reserve between multiple banks.
3.) I urge people (as always) to carefully research and consider points in this document such as reading how fractional reserve work and understanding the relationship between reserve, central, commerical, credit unions and banks as they may each have different pressures which may alter their stance on bitcoin
4.) If I knew this would garnish so much interest I would have taken time to make a longer well thought out article about it
Thank you everybody, enjoy your bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:43:22
What garbage is this? You aren't force to go to a bank for a loan.
It's just that the margins banks make on loans are so damn small most individuals (and businesses) wouldn't consider the profit worth the hassle.
Banks do, of course. But they're /specialized/ at loaning money. It's hard to offer a better value loan than someone who is specialized at loaning.
In the same way it's hard to offer better gardening services than someone who is specialized at gardening.
You could come to me and I'd give you a loan; but.
a.) bank interest rates are so low compared to other asset classes, it wouldn't interest me.
b.) The work required for me to determine how much of a credit risk you are would be too high.
c.) I would have to spend significant money ensuring I could repossess your collateral 
So I would most likely either choose not to give you a loan, or if I did, I would demand a much higher interest rate than banks offer.
Because my offer is not as good as a banks, you would choose the bank over me.
If the banks offer is so shit than hell more (rich?) people would be loaning to their friends. Because they'd go oh ho ho, I can easily make a better offer than a bank and the reward is still worth it to me, yay.
On the other hand if I had specialized in giving loans. Then a.) b.) and c.) wouldn't be as big a deal to me. And I could offer you a rate competitive to the banks.
Bitcoin in no way would make me more specialized at giving loans, or more competitive against banks in doing so.
This is exactly as free market at work
@_date: 2014-02-13 10:02:10
Does anyone have any evidence that banks in general (Or even a specific bank) is out to oppress bitcoin in any way?
Or is this just something that exists in the reddit hive mind's imagination?
I'm guessing 90% the latter.
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:57:47
Transparency is good, we totally need this.
The mtgox wall of silence business is bs
@_date: 2013-12-27 10:23:32


So you're saying if you were super confident about the bond you'd still buy them even if the yield was 0.001% per annum  but the price was low?
That's pretty unlikely. 
Whether the yield is satisfactory to you vs your confidence the bonds will be repaid is what allows buyers to decide a price.
The first thing you'll check when you're buying a bond is basically the yield, the price doesn't really matter, you could always buy less notes if you wanted to spend less money.
This is the same way that a Company that has $1000 dollar a share may not be 'expensive' vs a company that sells shares at $1 a share.
If both of these pay say 5% dividend/year and have equivalent risk then they are the same
You'll see the price didn't mean squat.
Another example
 
Note A offer:
I'm selling notes, whereby each note at the end of 5 years will pay $100
At the end of each year the note will also pay $3 in interest
This is should be enough information for you to work out what price you would be willing to pay for this bond.
Note B Offer:
I could also be selling notes whereby each note at the end of 5 years will pay $10
At the end of each year the note will also pay 30 cents in interest
You'll note even though the price of these two notes is different between A and B, they're effectively the same, the price didn't matter, only the yield did.
The yield is clearly all that matters to a buyer, not the price, price means diddly.
You couldn't look at one note that costs $1 and one that costs $100 and claim that people have more confidence in the $100 one
You can do so though if I say there is note A that has 10% yield and note B that has 3%
Clearly note A is the higher risk one, so the yield is what matters, not the price.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:13:49
Here is some demonstration that inflation doesn't really impact the average person much;
Looks like historically as the dollar value falls minimum wage goes up the same amount.
This would imply most people aren't impacted by the 'theft' of money
Wages go up with inflation, and at every point people can chose to 'spend' at the current fair value price of the time in which case inflation hasn't really changed their buying power noteably
or 'save'
If they chose 'save' they can choose to buy gold, bonds, property, etc on any kind of liquid market with low fees say
Then they are avoiding the vast majority of the 'theft' that inflation causes to them. I don't think it's unreasonable to assume most people are aware of this choice. Inflation isn't exactly a hidden/quiet phenomena
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:13:19
Also, consider this
If you're poor, you'll be living paycheck to paycheck, so money will stay in your account for a what a week and the effect of inflation during this period on your cash will be what, probably all of 2 cents? 0.2 cents?
If you have any money saved. 
Then you're probably not a dumbass and are thus aware of inflation, so nearly all your capital is in something inflation resistant; oil, bitcoin, gold, stocks, property, you're free to choose anything and many of these items are easy to trade.
 So you're not impacted either.
So which population group exactly are these b4nkst3rs screwing over with inflation?
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:51:47
I should have used the word 'Mature' or such perhaps.
What I meant by "Stable" and I had a feeling someone would say "OMG THE US ISN"T STABLE" Eh, yes, I fully realize that wars, debt, large global instability exists.
 I meant "Stable as in, not being bombed, under critical immediate threat which requires it to print more money" or even if the economy is unstable, it spends a lot of time points of temporary stability (Between wars perhaps) such that overall inflation more times often than not is not dominated by money printing and it is only rare where it is in say the US.
It's not difficult to hedge against inflation and a lot of people at least buy a house which is inflation resistant asset. I don't believe many people would have enough cash just lazing around  to be significantly impacted by inflation in general, so this isn't an important feature of bitcoin, many other readily and cheaply tradeable assets are inflation resistant.
If you believe that inflation is in fact an important source of important loss particular group of people. 
I'm happy for you to provide citations/links to reputable sources and/or quantify/prove what this loss is. Big sites/academic sites/etc as sources are obviously better. You're not a kid, you know how to judge a source.
I believe in practice you'll find the vast majority of people are aware of inflation and if they are able to save, they'll soon trade their savings for a less inflation prone asset. 
If they are living week to week then money won't spend much time in their account and thus not have much time to devalue.
@_date: 2013-12-25 18:10:49
Looks like at least a fair chunk of the population actually use this;
Because it also comes with tax advantages in /addition/ to regularly beating inflation.
So the 'saving for a college fund' example person most likely wouldn't be impacted by inflation whether they are rich or poor
@_date: 2013-08-02 09:33:54
Agreed. Anenome5 missed the point as the issue is the difficulty won't change for a long length of time (6 weeks)
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:37:16
All you say in your other comment is:


You don't give a reason as to why they don't save because of inflation or how they're forced to take loans.
Wages generally increase inline with inflation, on average, I gave a nice chart in my other comment.
Although anecdotal I've been in both the poor and better off ends of the spectrum for quite a while. 
And in both cases my wage increases usually, on average, matched CPI. I've never been forced to take a loan because of 'inflation'
Have I been impacted or forced to borrow ue to a weak job because of say market due to economic instability, collapses of industries due to changing economic landscape, etc. over the past 30 years? Yes, on more than one occasion
However never in my past 30 years of working have I ever felt 
I  'suddenly' ended up being able to afford food or noteably less stuff because of inflation over the past 30 years of working.
In fact, usually you get better stuff for less as time goes on!
In my day I had to put a halogen or even regular incandescent on my bicycle and power it with a heavy lead acid or feet power!
Including inflation my lead acid rig back then now costs much more than a fancy 10 watt Cree T6 modern light for my bicycle.
So my experience over the past 30 years is there is actually basically deflation, Doing the same work. I get better stuff for the same money.
Also henerally in the past my wage bought an acceptable number of big macs, and it still does. Even spanning 30 years
So how exactly am I as a poor person, still being discouraged to save and encouraged to take loans? by inflation specifically? 
I've been doing this thing for 30 years and there's been a few times where I've been worried inflation hasn't been matching my wage (even at poor jobs) but it's always something that ultimately rectifies itself and more often than not you actually get BETTER stuff for the same money
I assure you wouldn't enjoy flipping burgers winding back inflation 30 years anymore than you do now.
Now is actually better
@_date: 2013-11-26 11:23:27
I reply with "Well, banks and the market kinda suck, but they're a necessary evil, until something like bitcoin comes along and blows them all away."
er...he should laugh. Bitcoin is no more a replacement for stocks then the dollar is for cheese.
Stocks represent partial ownership in a company. Owning your own company obviously has numerous risk mitigation advantages that bitcoin doesn't provide. 
Eg; you have 100% ownership in an apple farm you build by hand. but you don't want a bad year to destroy the value of all your assets. You might sell 1/2 your apple farm and buy 1/2 an orange farm in a different place in the world...that's what the stock market is for. Bitcoin doesn't do this..
Bitcoin is something to facilitate trade; eg; in stocks, food, blah.
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:57:26


How can this possibly be true? It's a lie on the face of it.
Inflation is basically say, Big Mac Burgers, Smokes, DVDs, all your favorite things increasing in price.
This doesn't happen by 'magic second order effect'
Someone, somewhere a shop keeper has to make a conscious decision to up the price.  All those price stickers on goods don't magically fade and become a new number when the money supply changes.
When a McDonalds worker gets into work the morning, take down the current price of the sign that says how much a big mac is and add 40 cents to the big mac price.
inflation has occurred at this very moment. Right in front of your eyes. If the big mac is still the old (lower) price, inflation hasn't happened yet.
How exactly is this second order? Inflation occurs at this exact instant.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:07:35
Also to be clear I am happy with most of what you said and agree except on some points which aren't even really that important to me in regards to this topic.
What I'm predominantly trying to put across with this post is that inflation isn't some hell borne thing invented by the banksters to opress the common man. It is driven by market forces predominantly, things like supply/demand, velocity, confidence in the economy, etc, etc. No doubt huge amounts of things and even your description is probably not fully exhaustive seeing real life is so complex.
What really grinds my gears is the tendency of the many on this forum to compress stuff like above somehow into something like;
"Then the banksters start printing money to oppress the common man, it's so evil."
 Which is a wildly popular meme here and the main cause for my rant.
Everyone in the market, you, me, common men, are aware that inflation exists, and are completely free (And usually options exist that are quite cheap) to trade any cash the common man has with another asset that will not lose as much value as cash does, and will most likely gain value over time.
Bitcoin has such other great virtues other than "yarr you'll be protected from those evil b4nkstars and their printing presses"
This isn't a new feature! Pretty much everyone can escape the evils of fiat inflation if the want anyhow, now. This isn't a new and amazing feature. Many many assets have this feature and for almost everyone inflation isn't a huge deal anyhow.
@_date: 2013-12-24 13:13:42
Price is way higher now than then even at the worst period of that bubble, and the period is only a few weeks out of years of bitcoin trading.  Choosing a strategy that only produces higher expected value a few weeks out of 3 years is a terrible strategy.
Because bitcoin goes up, on average. That obviously implies that the periods where dollar-cost-averaging would have increased your money is at least less than 1/2
In practice, there is only 2, 3 weeks of each year at most where dollar cost averaging is better
But 49 weeks of the year where it makes you less money
So that means the 'risk' looks like this
3 in 52 chance -- dollar cost averaging makes more money
49 in 52 chance -- Just going all in makes more money
Kinda obvious which to use regularly
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:45:09
Agreed. 
If you believe long term that bitcoin will increase in value. Which you must if you're going with buy and hold. Then on average you'll be worse of using dollar cost averaging because on average bitcoin increases.
If you decide you want to invest 100,000, then you invest 100,000.
Dollar cost averaging is a common old-wives tale/myth. It's easily provable to have no benefit
There's countless articles describing why this is a myth;
Regular investing is a good idea. But if you have a lump sum, you're investing it because you think, on average, it's going to rise. That means, on average, buying in one hit earlier is better.
If bitcoin falls long term, you're fucked with a buy and hold strategy regardless as to whether you averaged or not.
If bitcoin raises on average long term. You would have made more money if you invested as early as possible and little 'blips' will pale to nothing long term.
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:04:25
Few more links for you;
You'll note none of these describe inflation as "Elite b4nkst4z wildly hammering the 'print' button on the printing press"
Bitcoin isn't immune to inflation or deflation. Printing isn't directly related to inflation. Stop this pr1nt1ng b4nkSTAAZZZZ bullcrap
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:39:20
I do not disagree that printing money would cause inflation.
My viewpoint is that is one of many causes, and a minor one in a mature economy.
If you would be a dear and link me to a (or ideally a few) reputable source that says inflation is primarily caused by printing new money in a mature economy(Say the US) I would appreciate it. Big name and/or academic sites would be better, you're not a kid, you know how to gauge the quality of a source.
I'm extremely willing to be brought over to the other side or compare your sources with the one's I've posted to see which is likely to be true
@_date: 2013-08-21 09:05:56
I'm also pretty interested in this :)
Also if AUD withdrawals work, doesn't that mean you could arbitrage on the 20% price spread on mtgox pretty easy?
But bitcoins somewhere cheap, sell on gox, withdraw into AUD account
This would also help any Americans get their money out of gox if they so desired
@_date: 2013-12-26 15:49:15
The price of a treasury bond moves inversely to the yield because the interest is fixed per note, but the price is not.
One unit of bond will pay say $1/year. This is the only thing that is relevant really.
So if you buy a note for $100 that's a 1% yield, if you manage to pick one up for $50 somewhere that's 2% yield for you. At some point this bond will be appealing to buy.
The yield of treasury bonds is basically a measure of how appealing they are to buyers. 
If the yield is high it means it's not very appealing to buy the bonds because buyers aren't willing to buy them
The yield of a treasury bond basically measures how appealing they are to buy/how much trust you have the US govt will repay them. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 23:18:18
@_@ How could they possibly hide the fact you send them one and they send you back 1.06 in a way that seems legit?
We take your coin and rub it with hydrating lotions and give it a good breakfast and it expands .06?
@_date: 2013-12-24 13:42:50
This is correct, dollar cost averaging is widely debunked both mathematically and empirically as a fallacy. 
In fact it's often called the dollar cost averaging fallacy.
See for yourself
Dollar cost averaging is mainly promoted (but not used by) brokers or existing shareholders to try and get people to buy into something with promises of reduced risk (It doesn't, it actually increases it) by using DCA or to pay more in fees than they would without DCA.  It would be unethical for any financial adviser to promote this strategy and they wouldn't if they were a.) honest and b.) knew what they were talking about
whomever is promoting this is either a.) dishonest or b.) Doesn't understand expected value and probability enough to be giving financial advice
So you should probably be pretty dubious of anyone promoting this,it's snake oil
@_date: 2013-12-25 18:04:51
I'm looking for something of reasonable quality.
There's pretty of evidence to show that most value isn't stored as money but as some other asset. Which isn't surprising. But of course doesn't say anything about the poor.
We could perhaps try and ask if anyone has any personal anecdotes of having made the mistake of holding something like say a college savings in cash for an extended time? Or did you use something like bonds/cfd/shares/other? Have you felt personally impacted by inflation in regards to savings?
Perhaps we could try to create a survey asking how people save for things like college on a more appropriate reddit channel and get some statistical evidence, that would be pretty cool.
I think for now I'm in favor of assuming most people aren't retards and hence are aware of inflation so would take its impacts into consideration when saving up for college
Anyone want to chirp in with a story here whilst I hunt around for links
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:17:54
I did read it, and I totally agree with how your description as to how money is created, supply, all of that.
But no where did you say "big macs, dvds, etc, all stay the same price"
Inflation has occured, when the price increases, pure and simple. It's not a second order effect of money supply.
From wiki:
 "In economics, inflation is a persistent increase in the general price level of goods and services in an economy over a period of time"
Very simple, and clear, not much room for misinterpretation
It doesn't say. "Inflation is having your money supply increasing"
If you want to measure inflation, you sit outside of stores and watch them update their prices, when the prices have on average changed higher, inflation has occurred, if they're the same, it hasn't. This is not a secondary effect.
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:49:33
The laboring class is just as free to trade any saved fiat they have for other items which don't succumb to inflation with regards to whatever goods they which to purchase later as anyone else.
They could put their hard labored dollars into gold, stocks, property, bonds. It's not like anyone is hiding that these things exist and at a lot of online brokers you can trade for extremely little starting capital. Like a few dollars per trade or whatever. 
If you're not going to be using the cash soon, don't keep it as cash, not a hard thing to do. Everyone knows about inflation
I don't really know anyone who goes "Oh gee I have some spare cash lets put it in a &lt;1% bank account for a while!"
unless 
a.) the amount is small enough they don't care about inflation, in which case they've made a choice to accept it.
b.) They intend to spend it in the next short while on groceries, in which case they'll suffer only 2 weeks of say 3, 4, 5% inflation, whatever. Which will only cost them 0.2 cents
So how exactly is the laboring class being forced to suffer from inflation? It's not like people don't know it exists. It's trivial and cheap to take steps to avoid getting pwned by it and anyone can do it.
If you're living week to week then it doesn't matter anyhow; You'll be only exposing your cash to 1 week worth of inflation anyhow.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:02:01
Thank you for that link btw your the first person to cite a good reference so I will upvote you.
I don't disagree that anyone holding cash would be impacted by inflation. But I don't think this would impact the individual in an important way typically.
Inflation is usually moderately low in annual terms. And there is cheap access to trading all kinds of securities which are inflation resistant to basically anyone.
If on the other hand you are spending your pay week to week, it is only in your bank account for a week
Say you have $500 in your bank account, which you spend weekly on groceries etc
You're only holding $500 for a week at say a fictitious but somewhat high 4% per annum interest rate.
(.04/365) * 7 * 500 = $0.38
So they'll lose about 38 cents/week 
If one makes the assumption that wages generally increase along with inflation then as a percentage of ones total income the extra 'tax' imposed by inflation is exceptionally low.
If on the other hand you have money saved. You're choosing your own loss here. It's easy/cheap to buy shares, property, gold, bitcoin,CD with rate above inflation perhaps, corporate bonds, other
Very few people I know who are saving decide to keep their savings as cash for periods of times long enough that inflation will be a significant loss
I'd imagine that most groups of people you'd care to select aren't impacted notably by inflation.
I will however try to find a source that discusses the effect of inflation on the citizen and quantifies how much loss actually does occur
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:28:03
Inflation isn't an increase in the supply of money though
Investopedia and wikipedia disagree with your description.
If you can't use standard terminology that is core to modern economics, how can you hope to understand it?
That's like going; I understand Math, I know multiply is meant to mean '2 lots of 5' but I like believe it means something different
Also; I've quoted what I believe are reasonably reliable sources, and more than that, I listed a few that seem reasonable. So far, anyone else with non mainstream theories has listed none.
Would you be so kind as to provide good links/citations/anything more than your blind word that inflation is increase in money supply? Investopedia, wikipedia, smartgeek, all say different.
Unfortunately logic/science/modern fields doesn't really work like that.. 0 references and renaming 'inflation' to mean something different than it really does on a whim isn't really a thing you do..
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:28:31
Firstly. I don't need to explain anything. Because I agreed from the start printing money causes inflation. What I said exactly was 
"Printing money is far, far, down the list of things that cause inflation."
So it's not important that there are cases, such as Germany 1920, where it caused inflation. I agree with you. There exists cases where mass printing of money has caused inflation.
The three things I listed are large factors in a stable economy. However I totally agree, this list isn't exhaustive. MANY things can cause inflation and printing money is usually a very small component of it. And when money is printed, it's usually in response to a reasonable demand; typically average dudes buying more shit.
To be very clear I do not disagree that printing can cause inflation in any way.
However for the average American or any person in a reasonably stableish economy, inflation is absolutely not a large factor in their lives and printing of money even less so. 
If you have any money saved up, you're not an idiot and have traded the money for something that won't fall in value against goods you want to purchase later, eg, gold, stocks, property, action figures.
If you don't. you're living pay check to pay check and 1 weeks for of 3% per annum inflation is going to cost you about 0.2 cents or something tiny worth of goods
By "far down the list" I meant "In stable 'average' economies' not "rare situations where the govt/country is under extreme duress" inflation is rarely directly connected to printing money
Secondly,  for the Germany thing, To highlight how I think it would be reasonable to interpret this specifically.
Germany printing money was still not the cause of inflation. It is analyzed by first considering treating the printing as a response for demand for money.
So you first consider the demand and the reasons for the demand for money.
You'll note Wikipedia starts of by explaining the "demand" for the printed money first; which is inline with my claim. I'm claiming typically, demand then print money.
The common view here often seems no more substantial than "Aggh those damn banksters mashing their print money button!!!" 
I'll let wiki explain.
From Wikipedia
"The cause of the immense acceleration of prices that occurred during the German hyperinflation of 1922–23 seemed unclear and unpredictable to those who lived through it, but in retrospect was relatively simple. The Treaty of Versailles imposed a huge debt on Germany that could be paid only in gold or foreign currency. With its gold depleted, the German government attempted to buy foreign currency with German currency,[10] but this caused the German Mark to fall rapidly in value, which greatly increased the number of Marks needed to buy more foreign currency. This caused German prices of goods to rise rapidly which increased the cost of operating the German government which could not be financed by raising taxes. The resulting budget deficit increased rapidly and was financed by the central bank creating more money. When the German people realized that their money was rapidly losing value, they tried to spend it quickly. This increase in monetary velocity caused still more rapid increase in prices which created a vicious cycle.[37] This placed the government and banks between two unacceptable alternatives: if they stopped the inflation this would cause immediate bankruptcies, unemployment, strikes, hunger, violence, collapse of civil order, insurrection, and revolution.[38] If they continued the inflation they would default on their foreign debt. The attempts to avoid both unemployment and insolvency ultimately failed when Germany had both"
Yes, but germany did cause inflation using the printed money, but again it was printed in response to a demand. In this case an extremely critical one. There were big consequences for the citizens (rich and poor) whether Germany chose this route or not. This created a demand for the currency, and this more of it was printed. It wasn't something malicious like shady banksters printing cash cause they're evil.
In a reasonably stable economy. Inflation is driven predominantly by demand. Even in the above case, ultimately, there was a situation that caused very high demand for the currency.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:44:05
I'm highly dubious of the premise anyone keeps their savings in cash predominately.  Why would you in this day and age?
I would suggest most por people whom also have some spare money saved would at least a some kind of security that offers better return than inflation or at least virtually eliminate it, out there, they're not exactly limited in supply. Even if it's something simple like bonds
I don't think it's a sound position to push one of bit coins major features as "A hedge against inflation"
It's got plenty of other great features to push which are more demonstrable. 
There are a lot of reasons that inflation may occur and many of them can still impact bit coin. Predicting financial markets behavior then claiming it as a feature seems unwise.
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:44:36
So the point of running a business isn't to try and make money? this is your position? Businesses won't attempt, in general, to charge a customer more in relation to the cost to themselves?
THIS IS OK
You also don't agree with the description of inflation of some of the most neutral 'informative' sites about economics I tried to find and tried to link helpfully for you? 
THIS IS OK 
If you want to try and argue against conventional wisdom. I'd like you to post a few links claiming that "GOVT HAMMERING PRINT BUTTON FOR FREE SHIT!!"  Is the largest cause of inflation in say the US. If so I'd be really happy to read it, but just one link from some cooky website doesn't count. An extreme claim like that needs good evidence.
OK COOL
"Government promises people free stuff, doesn't have money for it, starts printing"
Don't disagree, printing money can cause inflation. But it's not generally one of the major effects in a stable/semi-stable economy
@_date: 2013-12-24 23:20:32
I'm sure people are just as stupid with their visa/master/blah cards and they often have insurance of various kinds
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:51:47


You invest each of your units of wage into something that hedges against inflation. Because wage increases over the same time, every time you do this, you get the same amount of college fund saved up
I highly doubt people frequently save up 20, 50 100k or whatever for many years and keep it as cash. Your portraying all of society as drooling morons. It's generally not wise to model the population like this.
I know plenty of people of modest means, and specifically because they have modern means. they realise that inflation means keeping 20k of savings in cash is a bad idea.
Hedging against inflation is commonly available, and used, there's no reason not to. Bitcoin being an inflation hedge (not even well proven because it's not mature) is not a good feature to advertise. There are many products available to everyone to hedge against inflation, and they use them.
Your describing a very rare, fringe, and hence in most cases fictitious scenario. Most people wouldn't act like that.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:24:43
If by 'poor' you mean 'minimum wage'
Minimum wage has increased as much in general as the dollar fell
even though a coke costs twice as much, they generally are being paid twice as much too. So at each point of time the amount of value in coke they receive is the same. If they chose to save it at that point, they can save 'one cokes worth'
This seems like it would imply my argument is valid, stuff costs more, their wage is higher, generally, it evens out.
Also it's /not/ just the wealthy who can hedge against inflation. Why would one say this? There are many many cheap trading platforms where you can get a variety of securities that will hedge against inflation for a small fee of a few dollars
I'd really like to see a link outlining a quantitative analysis of how much the poor are damaged by inflation and how. If it exists this seems like it should be an easy thing to do so links should be easy to find.
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:02:20
It absolutely doesn't decrease risk.
The main risk your taking with a buy and hold strategy. Is that bitcoin will fall long term. Dollar cost averaging doesn't help you with that.
If on the other hand bitcoin raises on average long term, then obviously on average buying earlier is better. So if you used dollar cost averaging, with high probability, you made less money.
Pick a random time on this graph
Ask the question, would it have been better if I bought in one lump slightly earlier?
For 95% of the time axis the answer is 'yes'
That means that only 5 out of 100 times dollar cost averaging will perform worse. This is increasing your risk, not reducing it.
TLDR; Dollar cost averaging a lump sum is stupid, your investing because on average you think bitcoin is going to go up. This means on average earlier is better. On averaging dollar cost averaging will perform worse. Risk is thusly increased not reduced.
Bubbles are virtually irrelevant long term as the graph smooths under exponential growth.
@_date: 2013-12-25 14:53:45
 Guys; I'm going to try and be honest with you.
I love bitcoin; I love the alternative it brings to traditional currency.
But could you please, please, stop going on about printing money being the main cause of inflation and how bitcoin 'protects' against printing money or whatever.
Printing money is actually a RESPONSE to inflation for the most part. Inflation doesn't happen because of some 'elite' crowd grabbing cash off the printing press. 
Inflation happens because a shop keeper somewhere decides he wants another 20 cents for a pack of smokes. Shop keepers like money. Someone who sells apples follows suite.
Eventually; everything costs more. So people working at the apple store and working at the quicky mart selling smokes need more money to buy smokes and apples. So they're paid more.
 This is inflation.
Do you note that no money has been printed anywhere here?
Typically money is printed in response to increased demand.
Demand for money increases if things are more expensive and you need to pay your employees more. It's like when you run out of tokens playing D&amp;D. All the players are buffed; the monsters are buffed; you need to move bigger groups of tokens around to count the fuckers.
One of the players than borrows tokens from the GM (creating more in response to a demand) bedding in the inflation. This is when the money is created. It's not created by shady dudes. It's created when you decide you need to borrow money for a house.
Also generally if there are more tokens being used, then the speed they are trading increases. 
I could buy 100 gallons of oil even if there is only $1 in circulation at a normal price. But only if I can trade that $1 between myself and the oil company really really fast
The faster transactions are done and goods can be moved, there's less need for money
If I could teleport tiny parts of something I wanted to buy in tiny units straight to where I needed them instantly. Then I would need far, far, less liquidity than I do now. Because tiny amounts of cash in my bank account would move larger amounts of goods per day.
If on the other hand goods and money moves slowly. Then you need to move more of it at once, so you need more.
I don't disagree that printing money and giving it to a random elite club would cause inflation.
But printing money is /far/ down the list of reasons for causing inflation.
Common reasons are
1. People selling stuff want more money and will over time always attempt to increase prices by tiny fractions until the public get used to it
2.  How quick you can move goods vs how quick you can move money and for how much cost. In the real world generally more goods are being shipped each year, but because oil tankers only sail so fast and planes only fly so fast then contracts involving cash need to be of a certain size. 
3. Increasing population.  If there is an increased population then it can cause inflation; example; The 'elite' property areas of a city generally don't increase that mcuh even though the city population and size increases.  More people now totally want that sweet pent house in the city center overlooking the harbor or river.
Cities generally grow by adding population on the outside, where the value is low. Naturally this causes the value of what a lot of things people consider to be 'luxury' items or so on to tend to get more expensive over time. If they're fairly unique, they tend to cost more as population goes up. 
Many of these inflation and deflationary pressures effect bitcoin
It's not magically gauranteed to always deflate just becaues there is a fixed supply. Things measured in bitcoin could certainly cost more bitcoin over time
Also increased trading speeds/improvements in transport/trading technologies, fees, etc, also could cause things in bitcoin to cost more over time. Because trading in general now requires less 'tokens' to be on the board at once
Please stop with this childish "printing money causes inflation" thing
Printing money is far, far, down the list of things that cause inflation.
