@_author: elreina
@_date: 2017-11-29 17:08:41
Whenever the next whale dump is. They're applying big boy stock manipulation tactics in the classic sense here. It's like fish in a barrel.
@_date: 2016-02-05 01:37:04
[Some peoples' opinion](
@_date: 2017-10-22 04:53:55
Would I do this?  No, but you do whatever you want.  
You're margin betting with this move, which is a dangerous game, mostly for the timing considerations.  If Bitcoin goes south for a while due to god knows what, you still owe the loan repayment and your bet is essentially illiquid.  If this is not a problem for you due to high salary, more power to you.  Still a gamble on not having something bad happen to you during that period needing your cash.  Also still a gamble that bitcoin won't go permanently south, of course (or south enough to scare you out of your position).  
Side note, are banks handing out 30k personal loans like candy or something?
@_date: 2017-07-14 04:22:00
True I am no internet/Telecom expert, but are you suggesting crypto transfers are not easy to detect and stop if you incentivized ISPs to do so? I just read up a little about  onion and garlic routing. Thanks for that reference. If services pop up to use such methods, and they get big enough for the masses to be using, the govt could easily use LE agencies to quash them. I liken it to torrenting. Do a lot of people torrent? Absolutely. But it's a drop in the bucket compared to those that don't. Why? Because every time a service gets big enough, LEAs deal with them. It's too cumbersome for avg people to keep switching.  
Of course there are tons of illegal things going on on the internet. Clearly the govt doesn't care enough to stop them. It needs to pick it's battles. I'm saying it would pick this battle.
Edit: a word
@_date: 2017-07-14 03:19:10
Rewind man, rewind. What I am suggesting is that the US could easily make the use of Bitcoin illegal and then enforce it because there are only a handful of ISPs that could control traffic. And/or all traffic goes through choke points that the govt can get access to via it's relationships with ISPs. I'm not talking about the government waging war against the internet. I'm talking about the covert ops that are already happening allowing them to make eventual strategic moves like banning that pesky devil's magic (Bitcoin) which allows pedophiles and addicts to run amok. Imagine the easy rhetoric. Why would they wage a big battle against us directly when they can more easily nudge and steer us to continue feeding their power machine in perpetuity.
@_date: 2017-07-14 03:12:46
You don't think the governments in India and Japan and South Korea will also fight it? If the US govt uses near total control of internet traffic (hypothetical, but clearly they're trying to gain this) to suppress use in the US, how would we still use it?
@_date: 2017-07-14 04:27:41
I think I agree with you completely now that I've been talking it out in this thread. I think in general, most countries of the world either have the incentive to condone cryptos because they don't want the USD to control everything, or have no power to quash it. I'm thinking cryptos will grow OUS regardless of what the US does, and therefore the US wont succeed in fighting it. It's just hard for me to see a scenario in which the big banks don't *try* to fight it.
@_date: 2017-07-14 04:09:30
Wow, great link. On point.  
I do find several of his points in the video to be cogent/logically sound, but I reckon his view of how cryptos' involvement in US politics will play out may be naive. There are two parties, both owned by the big banks and other major corporations. It would take a pretty simple unilateral decision to get both parties to fall in line and crush Bitcoin, in my view. Big corps tend to be slow to recognize legitimate threats, so I expect them to come to this recognition within the next 5-8 years and take aim. We'll see. I hope AA is right, but I'm not sold yet. I think the US is the single biggest challenge to cryptos, and cryptos will rely heavily on growth outside the US to eventually win the battle over broad use in the US.   
Either that or the big banks are seeing this as an opportunity and are already secretly hunkering down to be a major player in Bitcoin services...  
I happen to know some people employed in IT Dev in a big bank, so I'm leaning toward them not being so on-the-ball.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:06:42
I've discovered, at least on Reddit, that the primary strategy of the left when making whatever BS claim they're making is to write an extremely long post/comment and paste as many horseshit supporting sources as they can to completely inundate readers with more content than can be consumed be a reasonable person with a limited amount of time to spend on such matters.  
People who don't know any better see this and think, "wow that's a lot of evidence and there was no good counterargument to all of it, so I guess that person is right." What it really shows is a religious devotion to supporting one's preexisting notions, a massive amount of time to spend on such matters, and plentiful BS readily available on the internet. We could very easily pick apart each individual horribly incorrect claim, but we don't have the time for that. I agree with your analysis, BTW. For transparency, I am politically independent, leaning conservative/liberal, which is pretty far from current leftists.
@_date: 2017-06-15 18:21:39
US or not. Cryptos generally work directly against the interests of those in power in governments. Saw this a million miles away.
@_date: 2017-07-14 10:37:14
You seem stuck on the technical side of the discussion.  My question is not whether it's possible to hide traffic via encryption.  My question is whether an entity could be actively engaged in servicing scores of millions of Americans daily in a simple and user-friendly way...AND not get shut down or chased around by law enforcement agencies for operating illegally in the US. Pirate Bay couldn't seem to manage and the US barely cares about them. Joe Shmo does not currently use Pirate Bay. It's about being accessible to Joe Schmo.