@_author: elscotthavoc
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:01:04
I can't imagine many mainstream companies are doing much crypto investing.  Generally, aside from equity stakes in other companies in the same vein you dont find much investment other than very liquid treasury bonds or similar.  Companies that make profits from selling or manufacturing couch cushions or red Solo cups generally would find cryptos outside their risk tolerance.  Excess funds that can't immediately invested into the business or safely invested are going to be returned to shareholders as a dividend or stored in close to cash investments.
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:10:08
I'm almost positive this is the origin of HODL.  It does not, in fact, stand for Hold On for Dear Life, but rather was the result of a typo in a BitcoinTalk thread.
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:10:34
It was from a Bitcointalk typo IIRC but doesn't necessarily mean hold on for dear life, just kind of conveniently works out as a "close"ish acronym.
@_date: 2017-12-03 10:07:47
By nature of what a flash crash is, you can't necessarily predict them and crypto is even more volatile with exchanges allowing higher leveraged positions makes it thousands of times worse.
Not using leverage limits your gains (and losses) and doesnt put you at risk of margin call.  You could also not use stop losses to ensure a temporary blip doesn't cancel your position if you are a long term holder, but understandably on a 24/7 market, some automation of trigger points is nice.  It is a tough one and part of the risk of trading in the crypto wild west.
@_date: 2017-02-27 01:12:26
This is literally the only thing you can do for the current fractional reserve monetary policy.  There is literally no way we can really stray from the course of future generations paying for past generations debts, and to be honest, I dont think we will ever stray from a system that doesnt borrow from the future.
So, they will once again and perpetually kick the can down the road.  
No amount of budget cuts can fix a system specifically designed on IOUs.
@_date: 2017-02-05 06:18:04
Ive had tenants known to buy things dumber than Bitcoins with their rent money...but "theyll get caught up with their tax refund"...
@_date: 2017-02-24 04:44:18
Ive used CapitalOne360 and never had any added fees.
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:25:03
Unlike stocks and such, the commissions to make exchanges is pretty cheap.  So I mean, I can't speak for that guy (or girl), but lowering your cost basis can be easier since you dont have all the significant fee concerns and day trading regulations.  So you can average down your position routinely during periods of volatility with incurring much in the way of expenses to average down - but your guess is as good as mine when a period of eventually turns into an upward or downward trend.
That said, if you're truly in it for the long haul, I would just add on the dips and hold on the increases because if you sell every time theres a spike and then the price takes off to the moon, you're now in a worse off position because you have to renenter at a much higher price.
So I mean, assuming theres lots of volatility, you can keep averaging down your cost basis by selling high and rebuying low, but if ultimately you believe the price will increase than you dont want to have exited a position and suddenly watch it fly up.
@_date: 2017-02-17 22:10:56
I'm actually curious on this as well.  One of the reasons our fiat currency is setup the way it is, if I remembr correctly, is because there was the implied fear that if there was only a limited supply of fiat cash, those with the power to hoard the cash would have the power to control the cash.
@_date: 2017-02-06 18:13:43
I typed GBTC into my CapitalOneInvesting.com brokerage account, and it shows it trading OTC at $110 and showed it was available to trade in my account, just had to use a limit order.
I don't have enough cash sitting immediately available in my account to justify the $6.95 commission and don't really want to margin it though so I cant conpletely follow through with the trade, but it appears like the ETF is available to trade in my brokerage account and I'm not accredited investor status wealthy.
In fact, I went ahead and put in a limit order of $80 a share just to see what would happen, and it successfully sent it off as an open order without any concern so I'd imagine you can trade it.
@_date: 2017-02-01 13:56:24
My assumption is that the question meant what would happen if everyone would set a limit order on selling their coins for $10,000.  Or what if Coinbase or whoever decided to just jack up the price to $10,000 to buy a Bitcoin? 
So in essence, the question is what if everyone holding Bitcoins decided not to sell their Bitcoins on an exchange for any less than $10,000?
@_date: 2017-02-09 01:25:10
Theyre basically theyre a Venmo or a Cash app these days...they apparently integrate with Coinbase to pay other users though.
@_date: 2017-02-06 20:02:35
I'm sure there's subtle humor in there, but the sad thing is that a lot of it these days it more of a mindset than a lack of access.
I'm well aware of the fact that there are legitimate poor families that literally cannot set any savings aside, but these last few years we've seen some absolute strides in the investment community with services that provide exposure to investments to anyone that can spare as little as a couple bucks a week.
Its just that most of the people who can only spare a couple bucks a week, for whatever reason, dont put an emphasis on proactively searching out ways to invest whatever spare money they have left over.  I suppose the primary thought is that it just isn't worth it, but there's an awful lot of people who are exposing their spare money to the risks of lung and liver cancer rather than the markets.
Anyways, Bitcoin is so fractionally divisible it doesn't necessitate a huge investment to potentially get a huge return over the long term.
And sites like Robinhood and/or WiseBanyan (which I can get $20 to new users who use a referral link) are pretty neat in how accessible they are to someone who only has a few bucks to spare each week.
M1Finance does require a minimum $100 deposit initially, but even then, you can take a fractional ownership of Berkshire Hathaway or other stocks and ETFs without being super rich.
@_date: 2017-02-24 04:38:01
Regret is mining some Bitcoins one summer in Bitcoins infancy, losing interest and eventually disposing of computer...only to realize years later the value of the hard drive I had disposed of.
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:06:15
Don't let me discredit the risk though.
To date, I've never had a margin loan Ive lent out result in a loss, nor have I ever heard of that occuring as they have their margin maintenancd set at 20% for the borrower, but to be sure, there absolutely is a potential risk of default by the borrower - but again, the past history shows a margin call is a pretty safe bet of occuring before the borrower is unable to make good on their loan plus fees.
Then you also have an additional layer of risk in trusting Poloniex as an exchange, but yeah, look into it.
In the short term, you're providing margin traders with additional Bitcoin to short the market with, but if you believe it in long term like I do, and I vertainly didnt cause this mess were temporarily in, then it can be an effective way to generate more Bitcoin up until a short squeeze takes place.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:52:20
I don't think its an Apples to Apples comparison.
The mining of gold has no relationship to its value in terms of exchanging it from one person to another.  The value of gold is what it is merely for what people believe it is worth on the free market and miners of gold justify their expenses and risks in mining based upon that, but if the miners of gold ceased production, the gold market would still exist and people would still trade it, albeit it would be even more rare since the introduction of new gold to the supply would be even less.  But, even without miners, you could extract Gold's value for other items, otherwise what's the point of having something scarce if there's no underlying ability to exchange it for something.
Bitcoin on the other hand is scarce in design, but miners also play an important role because they form a backbone of allowing transactions to take place at all.  Sure, Bitcoin miners must also, like Gold try to justify their expenses, but unlike Gold, if miners just suddenly quit mining, the scarcity of Bitcoin might increase, but it'd be absolutely valueless because there'd be no method of transferring that value to others.  And so you can own 50% of the Bitcoins and have something scarce, but without miners all you'll ever own is Bitcoins that can be traded for nothing else without ability to confirm them at all, let alone in a timely manner.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:07:01
Arguably, and this is speculation at best, I'd consider this dip as good as any to buy into.
That said, if you buy today with $35 in hopes of getting $100 in a month, again, speculation at best, but it probably won't happen.
You'd need the price to absolutely double just to reach $70 and you'd still be $30 short of your goal.  To make it happen you'd need nearly a 285% increase and some couch change to cover exchange fees to reach your goal and I'm going to assume in even a few months time that ain't gonna happen.  It may...it may not...but it'd be pretty insane if it did.   
@_date: 2017-03-03 18:54:44
Blah, i knew that haha idk what i was thinking
@_date: 2017-02-06 20:07:31
Thanks for your comments!  Makes sense!
@_date: 2017-02-05 06:06:26
I got 2.99 with a used car at 72 months, I mean heck any decent investment, including traditional investments, should outpace that.  Normally wouldnt stretch out that far, but wifey wanted it and it made sense for what we were getting.
They also threw more cash off the purchase price if I financed because they got a kick back from the bank.  
Ford had a promo on new vehicles where if you financed you got several thousand off, and the only catch was you had to hold the loan for 2 months I think.  Boss paid her truck off in cash after the 2 months.  The idea is most people that is impossible so theyll make the money on the back end while the buyer pays interest.
@_date: 2017-03-25 01:27:18
I don't know, but I mean, it isn't like a huge hurtle for other cryptos to be accepted and most popular cryptos already have some sort of payment gateway for even basic CMS like Wordpress...
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:29:31
Just because thats the suggested fee, can't you override this and put in a smaller fee.  Might take longer for miners to pick it up but I often set my transaction fee lower with lower amounts then that and it might take a while longer to get confirmed but often not a big deal if Im transferring to myself at another wallet.
@_date: 2017-03-30 19:14:41
If I recall correctly, those aren't actual BCU but just tokens for voting for something...I dunno but they're not actually a BCU crypto currency.
@_date: 2017-03-02 02:00:50
You can't have an exchange market if you don't have buyers and sellers regardless of the cost.  If nobody bought at all time highs, we wouldn't see new all time highs...
@_date: 2017-03-13 17:55:49
What he means by paper gain or paper loss is that it isn't a profit or loss that has been realized.  The key concept to understand is that you haven't actually made a profit or lost money from something you purchased with USD until you actually sell that item back for USD again.  The only thing that really matters is the price you paid for the Bitcoins and the price you sell them at.  So in essence, whatever happens between the time you buy Bitcoin with cash to the time you actually sell Bitcoin for cash doesn't essentially matter, it's just numbers on paper.  The second you sell those Bitcoins back for cash, the value is no longer "on paper" but is actually realized as a profit or loss in cash.
To answer your second question, there are lots of ways to minimize, if not fully eliminate your capital gains, most of which are easier if you have other types of investments to play the numbers with.  Honestly, if Im not mistaken but most median incomes in the US don't even have to pay capital gains if I recall correctly, but I dont remember if its capped by a specific income or strictly by tax bracket.  
Primarily, the way you'd minimize is by keeping track if your cost basis so that at an absolute maximum you'd pay taxes only on the profits less your expense to buy.  Beyond that though, miners could potentially depreciate their ASICs and deduct proportionately from their electric bill the cost to mine.
And you can also deduct capital gain losses from one type of asset against capital gains from other assets.  And I think if you make less than $100,000 you can actually deduct capital gain losses against W2 income.  
I mean, short of completely neglecting to pay taxes at all on purpose, there's limits to what you can do to legally avoid taxation on your Bitcoin, but I'd assume the IRS doesn't have their sights set on Joe Schmoe with mostly W2 income that owns a couple Bitcoin or so.
That said, the IRS id probably far more concerned with higher net worth individuals purposely using Bitcoin for the purpose of tax evasion, those attempting money laundering using crypto currencies, and they are also probably interested in the fortunes some may have made (even if only on paper at this point) just by being an average person who mined a few Bitcoins in 2007 and is sitting on an absolute fortune.  Such people are going to be the ones that throw up red flags and would necessitate some level of working the tax code to their benefit.
@_date: 2017-03-31 13:56:25
Randomly signs me out for no apparent reason while I'm actively on the site and sometimes getting ready to do a trade.
Then I'll sign in and the page will refresh and it won't have signed in.  So I have to login 5 or 6 times before it actually logs me in.
Lag on the main/full site often.
A mobile page that's so much slower, I usually resort to just using full site just to navigate.
@_date: 2017-03-22 23:08:56
The vast majority of my hodlings are on my own wallet, but I'm comfortable allocating/risking a little bit to lend at Poloniex.
With rates at 0.19+% per day, that's pushing upwards of 100% APR when extrapolated out annually.  Most likely, these short positions will close their loan under the 60 days its locked in at, but until then, I'm getting good chunk of coins I plan on holding well after the shorts have their fun and get squeezed out.
@_date: 2017-03-13 17:00:23
He is considering it an unrealized gain or loss.
From the perspective of Bitcoin an asset ultimately held exchanged for USD currency, selling would be a taxable event and the difference between the cost basis (the actual USD spent to initially purchase) and the profit (or loss) would be realized as either long term or short term capital gains (or a deduction against other capital gains in the case of a loss).
But until that point, any gains or losses aren't really realized, so they're considered just paper gains.
The same is true with other assets like stocks.  You may have a stock you bought for $10 USD ten years ago now worth $100, but until it is actually sold, its just a "paper gain" thats privy to continued volatility and risk.  
@_date: 2017-03-31 01:13:12
Arguably, from a technical standpoint, Wall Street would actually be a prettu good example to follow.
You rarely hear of brokerages being down, day in a day out things just tend to work properly on Wall Street for traders using software.
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:36:27
That's assuming they actually even have mining hardware at all...
@_date: 2017-03-29 13:29:11
I'm selling my Gridseed Orbs on eBay.  Granted, their like 4" tall and maybe 3" round (trying to visualize) but they use a USB port and they basically combine 5 of the single USB ASIC chips into one device for 360+KH/s.
They can be used for both SHA-256 (Bitcoin) and Scrypt (Litecoin).
I always mined scrypt currencies since they only drew like 7 watts per Orb and I had 12 of them connected to a Raspberry Pi running Minera and then exchanged whatever altcoin I mined immediately for Bitcoin.  Ultimately, I kept them running as a talking point and more of a hobby purpose than anything.  To that extent, I'd probably still have them running today as people were really intrigued by them - "what the hell is all that".
That and as a kid, I always slept with a fan on in my room and so I ended up never taking the fans off them, because I could hear them faintly running in the back room from my side of the bed and slept better with the background noise.
Now, I'm just (to be honest) trying to liquidate them to buy the Bitcoin dip since I don't really need them.
 
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:14:15
True, but Poloniex hardly works even when it works.
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:00:55
@_date: 2017-03-24 23:13:58
My fear with that is that we would be merely kicking the can down the road.  A temporary fix would relax people too much in the short term that I think the urgency of a strong long term fix would be pushed on the back burner.
People have a short memory and so long as a problem doesn't persist, it is easy for people to not care one way or another in the debate.  At least so long as a serious problem exists, and so long as it is effecting people, the pressure will be on for some sort of resolution to take effect sooner than later...I hope.
@_date: 2017-03-28 16:43:55
Bitcoins don't need to be "backed" by anything because the existence of a number of Bitcoins in a wallet provides the assurance of their existence and the confirmation of their transaction proves their spent.
Bitcoin as a unit simply exists as a store of value, and the fact that value has a fluctuating exchange rate with other currencies, including USDT, doesn't change the fact that Bitcoins can back themselves up because we can verify their existence within wallets pseudo-anonymously.  The fact that Joe Schmoe bought his single Bitcoin for $1 and Betty Schmoe bought hers for $1000 doesn't change the fact they each have a provable single Bitcoin that thousands of nodes verify exist.
That said, USDT (or any tether) can't be self backing because it relies on a faith that the party securing the tethered currency to back it is being trustworthy.  When you buy a Bitcoin, you buy a Bitcoin - that in and of itself is your store of value.  When you buy a USDT, you're being a share of USD currency that are claimed to exist by a 3rd party.  
Sure, currently Bitcoin are mined from thin air with a limit set in the future of 21 million, but ultimately, the idea of Bitcoin is that transactions occur solely debited and credited within the block chain of assets that exist purely on that chain.  Someday one person might decide they want to exchange their BTC for another currency like USD and transfer their BTC to another individual who wants to transfer their USD to BTC but the Bitcoin never disappears.  If everyone on the Bitcoin block chain wanted to sell their Bitcoin , they would all absolutely have to find a buyer of their Bitcoin.
USDT also has debits and credits that occur on a chain, but the total of those debits and credits have to match (that's the whole idea of tether) the holdings of the entity that isn't on the chain.  If everyone on the USDT chain decided they wanted to sell their USDT,  the idea is that its fully redeemable for equal to USD from whatever company maintains the USDT general ledger.  The idea is, USDT is added to the chain when the company increases their USD holdings and USDT is removed entirely from the chain when UDD holdings are decreased.
@_date: 2017-03-22 19:56:43
As others will agree, currently there is no profit in it and would take a substantially high and speculative increase in the price of Bitcoin to offset costs associated with maintaining a mining operation of any size.  In short, you could run in the red perpetually and never see Bitcoin appreciate enough to offset the costs associated by selling sny negligible amount of Bitcoin you get.
Now if you merely want to do it as a hobby and/or to provide hashing power to the Bitcoin network (in which case I'd also recommend running a full node to support the network although it isn't explicitly necessary).
You'll most likely want to join a mining pool like Slush pool or Multipool.us and then download software like CGMiner or BFGMiner to interface with your GPU.  I think there is also GUIminer or something of that nature as an absolute starting point.
You can also check out Minera and install it to a RaspberryPi and then connect ASICs into that...
But again, it probably isnt worth the time or money purely if you want Bitcoin and you'd be substantially better off buying direct on an exchange. 
Rather than starting with Bitcoin, consider looking at Altcoins as a taste.  You may still have negative income in mining even for altcoins, but as a learning experience, its a good place to start and arguably theres still some price appreciation that could result in profits depending upon what you choose for an altcoins - I have no recommendations though because more or less I think the vast number of alts are shit so if I mined them I'd immediately sell for Bitcoin but itd likely be at a net loss compared to just buying thr BTC to begin with.
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:13:16
Hmmm...interesting, but I think the decision is pretty firm.  I don't foresee this going anywhere.
@_date: 2017-03-03 09:39:51
Oh, Im not disagreeing, but I think its worth informing people they dont have to willingly pay the fee a wallet suggests.
@_date: 2017-03-08 05:43:46
That's sort of the way I envision the future of cryptocurrency occuring with automatic exchanges taking place behind the scenes.
I like to believe Bitcoin will exist as part of that infrastructure of exchanging value, but regardless, I think they'll be a handful of cryptocurrencies that fulfill various use cases.
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:41:10
Why not just pull the trigger and buy?  If you're confident the price will continue rising, you stand to risk more opportunity loss by not buying at the top in hopes that a correction will take place than you do waiting it out and watching your projections of a price increase being correct but not having any stake in the market.  
If you believe the price of Bitcoin has room to grow and has a higher value, than that doesn't align with the idea of a rational correction taking place.
@_date: 2017-03-03 18:37:47
Not sure if serious...
But, an ETF is an "exchange traded fund".  The ETF invests in an amount of Bitcoin and then the ETF is traded under a stock ticker on the major exchanges.  Investors can then trade the ETF on their brokerage.  Thus makes it super easy for retail investors and perhaps even some institutional investors to invest directly into Bitcoin without making use of Bitcoin exchanges and wallets.
In general, the price of each share in the ETF should roughly be equivalent to the value of Bitcoins the ETF holds divided by the number of outstanding shares.  An ETF likely charges a fee annually perhaps under 1% or so.
Since the exchanges create a free market though, technically people could pay a premium (or maybe even a lower valuation) for their shares, but in reality, the accessibility should push the price higher and also means that if people are paying a premium fornthe ETF then it pushes holders of Bitcoin to demand a similar premium in the exchanges.
@_date: 2017-03-13 21:25:37
Some kid learning about Bitcoin in his senior year of high school, doing some Bitcoin mining with a CPU and then losing interest and tossing a hard drive with what he thought were worthless virtual tokens...only to realize several years later when it interested him again that he had basically throw away a very, very nice chunk of change.   :(
@_date: 2017-03-22 21:55:47
I'll probably get blasted for trusting an exchange, but honestly I took some of my hodlings and lent them over at Poloniex.
The 100% APR interest rate was just too much to ignore.  This too shall pass and Bitcoin will be back to its resilient self. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:20:21
Listen, I don't know what tomorrow holds, let alone a month or two from now for Bitcoin - it could stay flat and it could move significantly in either direction.  
I believe in Bitcoin and I believe long term Bitcoin will survive and prosper well beyond this temporary state of distress.  I believe that there will come a time people will generally forget all about the things the Bitcoin community is currently debating and I also think there's more debates to come, but ultimately BTC will be resilient.
I also believe in averaging down and this this price decrease is merely a correction and temporary reflection of community unrest, so I'd say now is as good a time of any to place that bet and invest.  But Im no oracle and don't come screaming if you lose it all...and of course, never risk what you cant afford to lose. 
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:13:57
I don't think that has anything to do with the technology infrastructure for that particular reason.  But I agree its inconvenient when major losses occur on top of software issues.
@_date: 2017-01-04 14:01:49
And then you get to the bottom of the article:
"Because it is run by a decentralized network of computers around the world, Bitcoin does not require a central authority like a central bank or financial institution. That has made it attractive to people who hope to do financial transactions anonymously, such as the drug dealers who have sold illicit goods for Bitcoin on the Silk Road website and its successors."
I'm not going to be oblivious that a side effect of cryptocurrency is that the anonymity versus a bank account or PayPal esque payment processor can enable transactions for things that are illegal/immoral/etc, but it is unfortunate that the mainstream media view of Bitcoin still has this black market stigma it feels is representative enough of the technology that it always requires a mention.  I understand, in many ways some of that stigma goes hand in hand and will never go away, simply because Bitcoin works in a way that is pseudo-anonymous, respects financial liberty, and relies on a higher amount of self responsibility and less regulation.
That said, these issues aren't exempt from occuring with other currencies, such as actual cash (dollar bills), but when the media writes articles about the value of the USD, they don't always resort to feeling like it is necessary to inform the public how many $20 bills are laced with cocaine.
New technologies are often ripe with opportunities to be used in ways that are or that can be perceived as illicit, and I suppose back in Bitcoins youth, the features it provided from a financial transaction standpoint for illegal activities (regardless of your view on the legitimacy of those activities being illegal) fueled some of its value.  In fact, when you look at the Chinese users mentioned in the article seeking to transfer money overseas amidst tight regulations, those actions too could be viewed in a similar fashion of providing a service that provides financial transactions beyond the governments reach.  
Unfortunately, trying to explain Bitcoin to my dad in his 50s often fails because he always gets a little worried I'm dealing in something shady and so the conversation often loses his ability to really grasp the mainstream application of its features.  Instead of saying, "look Bitcoin allows a mom in China to send her daughter in New York $1000 in a matter of minutes, both parties can verify the funds absolutely exist, will always have a record of the transaction occuring on the ledger, and can do so without any government red tape and that ultimately is a great thing for all of us who are reliant on expensive, slow, overly regulated, and untrustworthy financial institutions" rather the conversation devolves into "but what about those drug dealers, people selling identities and hiring hitmen on that there deep web?".
I remember years ago trying to explain Bitcoin mining to someone who already grasped some of the ideas of Bitcoin as a commodity/currency but was still hesitant of being involved due to the stigma they believed it had, and they were just bound and determined that by mining Bitcoins I was helping to and linked to processing transactions on a network used largely by criminals...and frankly it can be hard to explain the benefits of Bitcoin when the conversation starts (or in the case of this linked article - ends) with Bitcoin in a negative light.  
I mean, I'm sure its a generalization to say that every mainstream news article mentions the illegitimate uses of Bitcoin, but in short, little comments like these in articles are like the thorn in Bitcoin's (cryptos in general rather) foot that I wish it could get rid of.  Granted, to a certain degree, I approve of what Bitcoin enabled sites like Silk Road to do in a world of far too much oversight and over reaching regulation, but until Bitcoin can overcome some of those "that's that Silk Road, drug dealer currency" stigmas it's going to be a hard sell to mom and pops.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:15:36
You're probably right.  
At a 4% draw rate, you're looking at around $400,000 a year in income assuming you were invested a typical retirement portfolio-esque index fund.  And at that point are basically financially independent with arguably a very wealthy life style and little stresses.
Sure, one could argue that a much higher worth in the billions would be even better - heck just doubling the $10 million to $20 million would obviously double the income to $800,000 annually on a 4% draw.  That's a lot of money and starts to put you into a category above just wealthy and into "buy whatever the hell you feel like" category.
But a lot can happen between those two points in time, and there's significantly more risk in getting greedy rather than just accepting wealthy and shooting for ungodly wealthy, instead.  And arguably, I think once you hit a certain point in wealth, the actual increase in happiness each additional dollar brings gets smaller and smaller.
@_date: 2016-11-18 16:13:17
The trust ultimately comes down to trusting Poloniex, because ultimately they hold your funds.  The API doesn't have access to withdraw funds (unless you specifically let it), so all the site can do is use the API to lend unused balances, it can't actually transfer funds on the site.
The API doesn't allow for trading, it simply accesses Poloniex to lend unlent funds based upon the variables.
@_date: 2017-04-12 20:51:16
Can you code?
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:35:30
Soooo, don't buy a single Bitcoin.
You missed out on an opportunity, as did many, many others.
Sure, whatever amount of Bitcoins could be bought with USD in 2008-09 is probably well gone, but that doesn't mean it is impossible for Bitcoin to increase by a similar percentage again.  I mean, it might be just speculation, but long story short, don't beat yourself up.  By a partial Bitcoin position with $15 and HODL.
@_date: 2017-04-18 21:33:08
The only real winner here is going to be the law firm.
@_date: 2017-04-03 12:56:58
You can still invest $15...
You dont have spend thousands all at once or ever.  BTC is highly divisible and fungible.  
Sure, you've missed the train for buying BTC for pennies, but were still at a point where new trains are arriving.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:07:31
It's actually not uncommon for wealthy individuals to rent homes and lease cars.  Buying home requires a huge amount of up front capital that could otherwise be tied up into income generating businesses.
I mean, I wouldn't argue one way or another, but the idea some will argue is if you have 20% available to put into a house, you're better off investing it into a rental property or some other business for passive income rather than tieing it up into a long term liability like a house where only taxes and interest could potentially be itemized.
Again, Im not arguing one is right or wrong and I prefer owning a house and paying it off eventually even as someone who owns investment properties, but there's a huge sector of the high net worth population that believes there are better uses for capital than ownership of property and cars, but will lease those same items as desired.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:31:17
I can thoroughly agree with your last statement/paragraph.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:47:14
Exactly.  Bitcoin doesn't end wealth inequality, it just changes those who hold the wealth and the method in which it is held.  It creates a new generation of "old money" - that is Bitcoin holders today are the Rothchilds of tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:50:50
I don't know it will increase in value.
But the whole reason people HODL is because the idea that as an asset with limited availability (whether through a maximum number of coins, lost wallets, increasing demand, etc) it will shoot to the moon and never look back.  If Bitcoiners as a whole believed it wasn't worth HODLing, then HODLing wouldn't be a wise choice fir Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:16:04
The home I bought at a fixed interest rate and have equity in and costs me $200 less a month than renting a similar house down the road is fixed for 20 years until it is paid off.
I might pay more in taxes andinsurance over the years, but my P/I is locked in and as a real estate investor as well I can assure you those increases in taxes and insurance costs will be passed on to tenants.
@_date: 2018-03-15 14:24:39
Sooo...long Nvidia!!!!
@_date: 2018-02-05 00:51:17
I'm picking up what you're putting down then.  In that case, I'd agree with you.
@_date: 2017-09-04 00:01:31
I don't think you really understand either. 
Or if you do, you aren't expressing it well.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:04:15
Obviously, I just took groceries as an example.  I wouldn't starve, but it was just an example to use relevant to the meme.  I defer a lot of spending on stuff if I have confidence in my assets growing.
@_date: 2017-09-08 01:55:21
Obviously, I'm not going to starve for a year.  I just used groceries as an example.  But I'd probably be hesitant to buy anything that was even slightly unnecessary.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:13:21
True, but arguably (well not really since I dont have firm facts), but the vast majority of jobs are in fields that aren't essential products.
Anyone employed at a movie theater, anyone who builds skate boards, anyone who waitresses since eating out isnt necessity, or some other employee of a non essential field/product is going to be affected negatively.  Anyone who isnt farming, constructing housing, or providing medical care or some other basic necessity is going to have reduction in income or jobs.  I don't know but that seems like it could be pretty destructive if the only careers people can make good livings from are those of a very narrow stretch of necessity based goods.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:55:18
That's true and the same argument could be made for why I haven't bought a boat.  Fiat spent is money that could be invested in stocks, bonds, any other investment geared to outpace inflation.  At some point I just have to buy the damn boat because I want one but I'm conciously aware that to buy the boat I'm sacrificing the growth of the investments that the money for the boat could buy.
I think there's this idea that inflation vs deflation is binary in being good or bad, and I just feel like the argument isnt quite as black and white.
@_date: 2017-09-08 00:57:09
Yes and I held and averaged down.  Short term volatility and price decreases (a period you consider a bear market) in any given time doesn't change the idea that a limited supply should over the long haul should suggest a continual increase in value.  That's the whole argument behind "to the moon" and HODLing.
@_date: 2017-09-08 01:51:51
But why would your job pay you in Bitcoins if they would rather keep those Bitcoins under the confidence they will be worth more.  If your boss is a HODLer, he probably has more incentive to keep his BTC stash and try to pay you in another manner.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:27:57
That it is deflationary.  Maybe "in theory" was the wrong term but that's the idea of a deflationary currency vs inflationary.
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:57:41
We go out and buy groceries with dollars because we know our money is most valuable being spent now than later.  A dollar today is worth more than a dollar next year, so you'd rather exchange it for goods and services as soon as possible.
We don't go out and buy groceries with Bitcoin because we know our Bitcoin is most valuable not being spent now than later.  A Bitcoin next year is (in theory for HODLers) worth more than a Bitcoin today, so you'd rather defer goods and services and avoid paying someone with Bitcoin.
There are pros and cons to each. 
Edit: For the record, this is merely an example.  Sure, if I absolutely needed some groceries then I'd absolutely sell whatever assets I had (including Bitcoin) to eat.   Groceries are obviously a bad item to use as an argument since immediate necessities are going to be purchased as required to survive; however, you can replace groceries with some other item.   But part of the reason I don't spend Bitcoin as of yet and so many others just HODL, is because I feel it will be worth more in time - that's all I was getting at.  I could also pay employees or the kid that mows yards in my neighborhood with Bitcoin I've accumulated but then it also in my interest not to pay someone with something I feel will increase in value and instead offer them something that will defeease in value.
People hoarding Bitcoin for the sole purpose of increasing its value and perpetually just putting off purchases (regardless of what that purchase is) isn't exactly a perfectly better situation than people just spending idiotically due to their currency losing buying power.  
The other problem is accumulation of power through control of the currency.  One of the reason new dollars are pumped into the system exists is to help (perhaps innefficiently) the amount of people who control the currency.  If people could hold all the currency, they'd hold all the power.  So if we have few people who hold a huge amount of Bitcoin (early HODLers) than they have a huge advantage in the control of the currency and power then it puts them in a better position to accumulate and hold even more of it. 
Sure, government prints our currency and its largely controlled and maintained by banks, there is wealth inequality, so it isnt perfect either, but those institutions just holding onto that cash in a safe or under their mattress would lose value over time.       
@_date: 2015-09-25 23:20:48
Seems pretty well put together and certainly a new spin on typical faucets.  I know people are pretty leery about cloud mining and various ponzi schemes related to them, but it looks like the game fees and strategies involved have an edge for the admin.  It was just launched a few days ago, so I expect further development.
Was created by Aliser at Bitcointalk and he's pretty well known and has several faucets he manages.  Doesn't seem to be the type of guy to launch an unsustainable website.
Anyways, check it out and see what you think.
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:27:05
Not necessarily true.  Most banks will do a HELOC for instance and you can use the funds for a vacation, new car, or hookers and blow just as easily as home renovations.
I was considering doing a cash out refi on a rental property I own in preparation leveraging those funds into another property I thought was ridiculously well priced.  That ended up falling through, but my banker still calls me occasionally to see if I want to do a cash out refi on my rental and primary house and just set the purpose as "cash reserves" - which is short for, he doesn't give a shit what I use the money for, he wants his commission.
People treat home equity like a checking account all the time. 
That doesn't substantiate the rest of the story, but honestly its pretty common for people to pull out equity for basically anything so long as the bank is confident in the underlying value of the collateral.  Even then, the bank was willing to cash out my equity at 75% LTV and technically I wouldn't have been underwater based upon the loan to their assessed value, but based upon my own understanding of the market, I would never have been able to sell the house for even close to their assessment.
@_date: 2017-05-27 18:19:24
The phrase you're looking for is dollar cost averaging.
@_date: 2017-06-21 13:26:59
M1Finance.com is a pretty neat brokerage that allows partial shares of stocks to be purchased.
@_date: 2017-06-21 13:24:10
Interestingly enough, I owned partial shares of several companies through M1Finance brokerage.  I still received an annual vote by proxy link even though I didn't own any full shares...wonder if my votes even counted.