@_author: elverloho
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:15:46


@_date: 2014-12-07 10:59:06
Hey, that's 30 votes more than the minister of culture in the same election and without me doing any campaigning whatsoever. But I guess he's a loony too.
@_date: 2014-12-05 20:14:44


You hit the nail on the head. This should be our national motto.
@_date: 2014-12-07 12:46:16
Thanks for bringing us this story!


Ooh, this reminds me. End of 2011, our group, which later morphed into ISOC Estonia, was contacted by the ministry of justice to get our comments on a proposed law change. The change would have allowed the police to make single queries about the location of a phone in the context of a criminal investigation into its theft. (Previously this right would have been present only when the value of the phone exceeded a certain rather high amount.) That was the clearly defined goal. I was in charge of writing our reply to the ministry's request for comments. With smartphones costing as much as a laptop computer and a big part of people's lives being on their phones, I wrote and sent our approval. Law got changed. Changes went into effect.
Then a news story crops up. Some woman (who later turned out to be the sister of someone I knew) had her phone stolen from the counter while working in a store. She went to the police. First they tried to dissuade her from writing a crime report. Like, almost verbal abuse at the front desk. She persisted. Then they told her that they have no legal power to track a stolen phone's location, because that would infringe on the human rights of the criminal. That's bullshit. I was there when they crafted the law, which gave them that power.
So I wrote an article explaining how the law had come into being, what it said in the law, what it said in the comments that came with the law, etc. Sent it off to some publications. The reply I got was, well, that's interesting, but we talked to the police and they said you're wrong, so we won't be running your story.
Some time later another thing happened. My female friend was harassed by his boyfriend. Bit of a history of domestic abuse and a generally messy relationship, which, thankfully, ended. So the guy being savvy with computers, installs a keylogger on her laptop, logs into all her online accounts, deletes everything. Including important work emails and such. Doesn't use a VPN, leaves clear evidence that it was him, she gets the logs from Google, sends it to the police. He confesses to the crime over SMS. She takes that to the police. A year goes by. Nothing is done. The SMS was even refused to be taken into evidence. This is as clear cut a case of hacking as it gets. With a confession. Nothing happens for a year.
I think it was last month or the month before that the chief of police came out and openly admitted that they don't have the resources to investigate all crimes, so they don't. They just log that it happened and wait for the statute of limitations.
Meanwhile some enforcement areas (money laundering, cannabis homegrows, tax office) are so massively overfunded that they start harassing innocent people to get their numbers up and keep the cash coming in.
@_date: 2014-12-05 16:15:39
Author of the article here. I've been a bit of an insider in Estonian politics for the past 2 years or so. It's not so much the politicians that are the problem. Infotech issues haven't been politicized. Political decisions are mostly of sufficient quality. The problem on the legislative/executive level is just lack of knowledge. Which can be fixed quite easily. Estonia is a tiny place and going for a beer with your representative can be arranged within days.
The real issue is with the police, state prosecutor's office, and the judicial branch. Which all, more or less, operate independently from political control and oversight. They've become a state within a state. Quite often on Facebook stories are shared, long descriptions of complete miscarriages of justice. These don't end up in the newspapers, because the newspapers rely on sources within the police, the state prosecutor's office, the judicial branch, and even in the spy agencies to get their stories. So they don't expose the corruption, because they depend on this corruption for easy headlines. And there is not enough money for independently-researched in-depth investigative journalism.
Last guy that tried to take some babysteps towards reforming this state-within-a-state was the minister of justice two years ago. The state prosecutor ran wild, overstepping most legal boundaries you can think of. Found exactly zero evidence for any crime, but spread enough rumours that the guy was forced to resign.
Last year an ex-member of our supreme court stepped up and said publicly that our judicial and prosecutorial system is corrupt to the bone. The news story disappeared off the net in a matter of hours.
This bitcoin case is just another symptom of a corrupt system full of mutually loyal incompetent assholes wasting taxpayer money on complete bullshit just so they don't ever have to admit being wrong.
I've had several lawyers tell me in private conversations how important it is that you never criticize a judge, how the prosecutor will often leak even blatantly false information to the press, but they can't say anything publicly, because then they wouldn't be able to practice law in Estonia anymore. Most judges would automatically rule against them in retaliation.
Earlier this year a guy who's "in" with this system publicly threatened to kill me. Multiple credible witnesses. And death threats are a criminal offense in Estonia. I reported this to the police. Zero investigation. Just got a letter saying "this is not a crime". While it is. I complained to the district prosecutor. "Not a crime." I complained to the state prosecutor. "Not a crime." I hired a lawyer and complained to the judge. "Not a crime." Completely ignoring all references to previous (supreme) court cases where the exact same thing had been determined to be a crime. None of these people ever expressed any doubt in my version of the story. My favorite response was from the state prosecutor who basically wrote: "Yeah, death threats is just how that guy communicates. Don't take it too seriously."
It's a banana republic over here. Politicians are nice, but they have no control over the state, which is corrupt to the bone.
Edit: Sorry about the rant. Had to get it off my chest.
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:53:58
I think you mean redundant?
@_date: 2013-04-16 01:55:41


Some suggest that this is exactly Satoshi's business model :)
@_date: 2013-04-16 01:50:34
Anyone wanna bet that this is part of their business model? They quote you the current market price. Then they wait. Market goes down, they buy the coins, pocket the difference. Market goes up, they send you an email with an excuse and lose nothing.