@_author: elwood8
@_date: 2017-06-06 04:48:52
Just in case anyone has a similar problem, I thought it might be helpful to post the solution that finally worked for me (unfortunately my solution is somewhat unique to the circumstances, so may not be applicable to many others).
The broken MultiBit HD wallet existed within a virtual linux machine. I had an old copy of the virtual hard disk, so I copied and booted that with networking turned off. Lo and behold, MultiBit HD opened the wallet. I then turned networking back on, let it sync (rather a long process), and immediately emptied the wallet into a modern one after setting the fees to the highest possible setting.
Now, I am faced with the fact that even the highest fee setting in that Multibit HD version is almost (but not absolutely) too low to get my transaction confirmed at all. After sending it, I tried closing then re-opening Multibit HD, and again I was locked out of it (could not load wallet, bad password). The transaction is out there, though, and I think I'll pay ViaBTC to accelerate/rescue it.
For those who may not have heard of it, ViaBTC has a very interesting service (available for free, but that seems near-impossible to get to work, but there's a paid service version that I'll be taking advantage of for 0.01 BTC). Since re-creating this transaction is possible (since I can again load the old backup of the virtual machine) but not possible to do with a larger fee, such a service may be my only hope of getting the BTC out and into a safe location.
For anyone interested, check it out here:
Thanks for the advice, and I hope my experience may help to overcome someone else's similar experience.
@_date: 2017-06-04 04:25:17
Thank you for the response! I did manage to get the transaction confirmed, but unfortunately do not have access to the machine with the broken HD wallet at the moment. Hopefully it will just work when I can get to the machine tomorrow, otherwise I'll try your 0.1.1 recommendation and hope for the best. Thanks!