@_author: emaddeningcrowd
@_date: 2018-03-21 19:40:44
This is timely since someone in a crypto telegram I'm a member of mentioned an adult industry related ICO that seemed scammy.  Here's my 2 cents:
I've been intrigued by adult industry ico's because I work in online hookups since the product where I work has wiggle room in the future to move towards microtransactions and we've tossed the idea of "blockchain something or other" around in meetings in the past.
In the end, I just don't see a tokenized offering in that space really succeeding as a way for users to buy and pay for content.  Not unless you can accept credit card payments in exchange for tokens (Think Xbox points, credits to use towards service, etc)
Just thinking and talking pragmatically... our user base is generally older folks with a low level of tech savviness.   If we told that demographic they had to buy ethereum or bitcoin and go onto an exchange to get our token in order to use our services, we'd lose them to the competition faster than you can blink.  It makes zero sense.
Creating an in-house blockchain type solution for our product and tying people's transactions to that makes a lot more sense.  Especially from the context of ownership/control and being able to continue to use our existing credit card processing vendors to sell/distribute the tokens for use on our site.  In this case, though... our existing ecommerce solution could simply be adapted rather than have our devs leverage and learn blockchain while having to explain to our board and finance team the what, why, and how of blockchain technology.  Add into that the fact that for a product of our size, scope and scale... there's no real benefit for leveraging this technology over adapting what we have in-house, except from the perspective of *maybe* making life easier for our annual audit.  This technology would have infinitely more value supporting backend functions for a bank or online stock brokerage than a mid-sized business selling access to content online.
Whenever I see a new coin targeting XYZ industry and trying to be the new magical payment solution, my first thought is... why would I use this and deal with an exchange when I can go somewhere else and not have to do that?  What does this bring to the table that isn't 
For disclosure:  I still think there are some interesting ones and I have a very small holding (&lt; $100) with Enjin Coin which *is* one of those "Blockchain solutions for XYZ industry" type of offerings.