@_author: embair
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:46:08


You touched on my  worry here, and why I personally didn't buy in yet. I'm pretty sure blockchain will bring a revolution in ecommerce, but specifically bitcoin? Who's to say it won't be completely obsolete in a few years, with so many other cryptos emerging and improving on the idea of bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-02-06 22:43:39
Thanks for the thoughtful response. Your raise good points, although my concern is not as much about currencies that simply copy bitcoin, but rather those that take its potential futher. Like ethereum does with full featured smart contracts and how bunch of other alts probably do with stuff I'm not even aware of yet... I guess spreading ones investment wide across the sector might be a good idea (while avoiding the hundreds of useless alts that don't bring anything fundamentally new to the table).
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:17:17
I'm not assuming anything, all I'm saying is *if* you believe in the future of bitcoin (remember that technology wise nothing really changed about it in the past month), selling now would be the text book definition of irrational panic sell.
Sure if you were just blindly throwing money on a chart that was going up or investing money that you can't afford to lose, now might be as good a time as any to cash out and take the life lesson.
Edit: reading my previous post again I see the possible misunderstanding. When I mentioned recovery in the second sentence, I didn't mean anything like going back to 17k. I mean a limited correction that AFAIK occurs pretty much after every market crash. Just enough to make you feel really dumb if you happen to sell at the lowest point. Of course no telling if it will be 6k-&gt;9k or 2k-&gt;3k at this point.
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:48:29
I agree that there will probably be multiple niches, but I can't say I'm confident about bitcoin dominating the ones you mentioned. With all the speculation and volatility going on right now, every cryptocurrency out there seems 
to me as pretty shit both at being currency and at being a store of value, bitcoin notwithstanding. And who knows who will come out on top when the waters settle...


I don't see that much difference between BTC and ETH in this respect to be honest. In case of the infamous Ethereum fork, if the concensus was against Vitaliks decision, ETH would be dead today, replaced by ETC. So it seems to me we are ultimately always only at the mercy of user consensus, whether there is someone trying to be in charge or not.
But still, I guess not having any strong authority behind bitcoin makes it less likely that the accepted consensus will violently shift. That's a good point I think, which I didn't really consider before.


Amen. Thanks again for the thought provoking arguments.
@_date: 2018-02-06 06:31:14
Eh, isn't selling during the market crash the classic way to sell low? Nobody knows where the bottom is and when the recovery will begin. For an average investor, long term holding is the only strategy I know that actually makes reasonably sure you buy low and sell high. Assuming of course that the asset will increase in value in the long run (which is a big if for bitcoin, but if you don't believe in the future of the actual technology, why would you invest into it in the first place).