@_author: emc2me
@_date: 2019-05-13 21:31:03
I've read both the email transcript and the deposition. I've also read the timeline of Le Roux's undertakings before 2008/2009 and after. And I have read Satoshi's whitepaper. This is what I think:
  
1) interesting and intriguing as it may be, and a few things look like they could "fit" (but somehow it feels like someone is retrospectively setting this story up and whichever way you examine or look at it, it just doesn't fit, like when you've bought a pair of jeans 2 sizes too small for your big ass) -   
\- it is so obvious Le Roux is not Satoshi -  
 Le Roux was so insanely busy prior to 2009 with numerous drug deals, international scale operations and online selling of drug prescription scams, and running from one country to the next, that there is NO WAY he had any time whatsoever to develop from scratch, the concept, code and system behind blockchain which would have taken years if not decades of dedicated research and in-depth studying, rather than running away from law enforcement and orchestrating complicated international drug deals (do you think Escobar would have had time to casually knock up the perfect invention of Blockchain whilst keeping all his cronies and cartells and drug trafficking routes in check and contract killing all those people??! Maybe in his 1hour loo brake each day? Lol!!) 
 2) plus his Congolese ID is most likely faked, and perhaps Craig had it made retrospectively and had the name Salotshi put in there, it's so weird it feels like the name has been "planted", don't you think??   
3) I do find it interesting that Craig worked for Le Roux - but things still don't add up that way. All we know is Craig informed on Le Roux, which is probably why Craig is so shit-scared of mentioning his name in public (just read the deposition in detail and you can sense how scared he is! Wow!), Le Roux will clearly have him killed if he finds out, even from inside prison walls. Ooops!!   
4) Just to re-iterate that Craig is defo not Satoshi:   
Anyone with an editorial eye and radar can see, sense, "pick up" and KNOW even, that Craig's writing style, use of words, syntax, energy behind his words, use of grammar etc, is nothing like that of Satoshi and his white paper (and I doubt Mr drug cartel bad-boy Le Roux shares the same eloquence nor clarity of expression as Satoshi does with his clear cut, clear thinking way of writing - Satoshi's use of words/writing/syntax and grammar, everything is completely different to that of Craig who has a really strange syntax at times and his grammar can be a bit of a mess, and his thinking is messy too, with obvious signes of delusions of grandeur) -   
5) same goes for Le Roux - here's a tip off: The word "honest" appears 15 times in the whitepaper, hardly a word or morale a drug dealing, money laundering, lying, scheming, crooked, criminal drug lord villain would live by or care about using in the same context as it is being used in the white paper  
6) Craig W is a master manipulator who can no longer keep track of his own lies (not just knee deep but eyeballs shit-deep in it!)   
7) He is a desperado con artist, trying to spin media attention and the blindsided BTC greed of any attorneys, accountants etc into his advantage to stay above water as long as possible   
8) He sure as hell fooled Ira in those emails, and I hope Ira Kleiman takes him to the cleaners  
8) and actually, after my initial yet quite in-depth research into this, something is telling me that actually Dave Kleiman could have been the real Satoshi - just look at his background, credentials / certifications and interests: [
. However he died in April 2013. Although there is one last response from Satoshi's p2p account in 2014, [
that could have easily been a friend of his, or someone who hacked or accessed that account before it got shut down.   
I believe analysing style of coding and language from emails and white paper, is also a key to this all. What I mean here, is quite possibly, analysing old emails from Dave K could be interesting, language wise. Ira K could help shed light on this imo.   
Also, Bitcoin has become an entity in it's own right, with an energy and movements of and in it's very own, that even if we did know who created it, it's so big, so wide spread, it's unstoppable now. Knowing who is Satoshi N, will have no consequence on the creation itself, as it is already an avalanche set in motion.   
Hmmm indeed.
@_date: 2019-05-13 21:50:27
Exactly. Hilarious really!   
To me, the more I research this, the more it makes sense that Dave Kleiman could have been the real Satoshi or at least part of the group [ In the email PDF provided as evidence in the court hearing [ Craig is clearly in awe of David's sheer genius (and he comes across as passively aggressively VERY annoyed that he wasn't trusted by him, despite being his business partner!! Even funnier...Lol) , and it appears that David K went to quite some lengths in encrypting even the actual password information to the hard drives and BTC wallets (not just a matter of getting the private keys it seems), to keep this info from Craig, most likely knowing that he was probably going to die from MRSA complications.   
David K died in 2013. Only someone who's actually dead, can definitely NOT get access to their wallet and keys anymore. Best excuse I guess ;)
@_date: 2019-05-13 20:14:15
If you read the dailymail article in detail and the caption under this image which is also in that article, you will see it's an image of forner US Army sniper Joseph Hunter, being arrested after Le Roux snitched on him.
@_date: 2019-05-13 22:35:23
Exactly. Such nonsense if you look at timeline and location.