@_author: emeraldtablet44
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:42:59
Why believe in this chart? I've seen plenty of other speculative charts based on bubbles and technology adoption that show the opposite prediction. Can you explain why ElliotWave is more accurate system than 99% predictable, but 1% HUGE black swan unpredictable, human nature?
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:59:36
OK...."Analysis is purely guesswork with speculative Elliott Wave model indicative of price &amp; structure, not time; as follows:" So, even if I take this as gospel, by your TA, when do you see an uptrend occurring? I don't need to sell per se, and if things do crash down to sub 4K levels, I can still buy up a deal. I do see the market downtrend continuing for the short/mid term. However, things can flip so fast in crypto, and with a day job and no time/care to do all the TA and chart watching, I don't want to miss the bottom and fuk myself. Would you recommend selling now, and sitting $ on the sidelines until a more serious bottom occurs, or try to trade the obvious up/downs on the way the there?
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:21:07
Any opinions? 'They' are shorting, squeezing out all the profit w/ lower highs, lower lows, to as low as possible to buy the floor, then will let it run up to 100K plus. I see a lot of smarter traders and long time BTC'ers now speculating that HOLDing is a mistake....cause it basically allows 'Them' to fleece what little new money is coming in, and leave the rest of us as bag holders, while accumulating w/ sophisticated PA and bots. I hear the 1-3K number tossed around a lot as a real possible floor. Anyone think this is overstating? I know it makes mining unprofitable, but it doesn't ruin BTC, just seriously consolidates and flushes out more little guys. Can anyone give me a good reason to sell at a loss, transfer everything over to alts, or just long term HOLD for the next year, despite a possible 95% retracement? How much leverage does WS and CBOE shorting have against the Libertarian, Cypherpunks, and general public? Certainly not as much as they would have everyone believe, but dips are definitely coordinated with bad news, and Unnatural huge drops, that look like obvious market manipulation, and trigger all the traders to sell down.
@_date: 2018-03-15 02:31:46
300 bil is lunch money to the banks. And yeah, they would totally do that if they were capable. Also, if you can't crush it, co-opt it. All un-informed bad news is mainstream press driven - psyop anyone??? If you are in this just for the $ good for you if u get rich. Profit alone never drove world changing things though. Ideas do - profits are a side effect. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 02:21:36
One thing....big money LUVS blockchain, and BTC is the only stable(by crypto standards) SOV, and hence gateway. No possible way they can be separated. BTC is anti-fragile, corporate/private blockchains not so much by comparison. Plus, the general public is certainly fear prone, but at the same time could give a fuk about mainstream news and everyone knows the banks are scammers. Crypto can't be killed at this point without a WW3 type situation, just stressed. Plus, as Wall Street learns more about crypto markets, they will pour cash in to make $ on retail investors, rising the tides for all. And...easy to use and available apps for crypto are really only just getting released. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:32:26
? Not even slightly. What are you referring to? I'm not talking strict market dynamics, but the criminal and legacy systems leverage vs. the power of an anti-fragile system, the general public, and the progressive/libertarian fintech people. Looking for any good perspectives, not just ElliotWave charts. Explainable reasoning. And I could care less about the next week or month's price predictions, I'm talking macro, YoY, and dominant power player strategy vs existing momentum.
@_date: 2018-03-29 22:20:54
So, essentially you are saying that despite the strength and proven resilience of crypto, a total apocalypse is brewing? Why would other pairs hit zero, when there is so much private VC $ tied up in ALT's? There are tons of companies all - in. Those guys will keep pushing and NO way they just sell for such a loss.  They will keep pushing their business models, and there will be loads of bag holders that would never sell at a 90% loss. Distribution isn't as skewed as BTC. I hear you on BTC prices though...I feel somewhat naive at this point with my initial enthusiasm, but in honestly looks like there is more resilience to crypto than you predict. How does everyone get rekt so hard? 