@_author: emice
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:45:32
Translation please! How will this affect BitFinex? Getting worried about having coins there. Can bitcoins still be traded as long as cash is not transferred in? Will the rules be the same for Hong Kong, where BitFinex is based?
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:00:37
I'd like to see this, data please!
@_date: 2014-03-31 16:51:34
That would be the route I'd take, I'd rather have the independent rear suspension on the Japanese and American models rather than the cheaper torsion bar setup on the Euro model. The soft suspension tuning on the American Si model can be fixed with stiffer springs and/or a thicker sway bar, and it will be able to angle the tires into the pavement a bit better, because of the better geometry of a multi-link independent rear system. 
Hydraulic steering on the Japanese version, versus electric on the Euro/US model, communicates precisely and without lag, just how close to the limit the front tires are. This ups the enjoyment a great deal. The engine on the Japanese model also revs a bit higher and quicker, making it more thrilling, but also makes it harder to extract maximum power without good stick shifting skills. Honda has steadily pulled back on the high revving nature of their Civic performance models since 2006 in the Euro and US markets, to the dissapointment of many enthusiasts. Japan hasn't regressed as far, although the newer models are much less hardcore than past models made through the 1990's. Those had a double wishbone suspension on all 4 corners. The 2006+ cars are better all around cars though.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:16:10
It is a lottery but not in the same sense as a casino game or state lottery. If you were join a pool for your state's lotto, and 50% of the tickets were owned by that one pool, they'd win half the time while also losing a lot of money. If you buy a high end bitcoin miner for tens of thousands of dollars you will break even on electricity, and then some, especially if your not paying residential rates. So you can't even compare mining to a lottery in the sense that most people understand, yet they do.
@_date: 2014-03-27 04:44:57
Aren't these virtual card payment systems how many Chinese are getting money into their exchanges at the moment? What are the alternatives for Chinese to deposit at an exchange? If the PBOC is banning these, I suspect bitcoin is not far off, and this is just an indirect way of cutting into bitcoin growth in China without drawing excess attention to it. Anything that functions like an alternate currency seems to be a target.
[China Exclusive: PBOC highlights virtual payment risks](
@_date: 2014-03-27 03:15:49
I wonder how much this has to do with the recent "bank run" in Sheyang, where rumors of insolvency sent many running to get their money out of the bank in the city of Yancheng, after which the panic spread to other banks in Sheyang county. Armored trucks with cash had to be brought in and hundreds lined up to withdraw during the panic, despite the government guaranteeing the deposits.
Perhaps the government is worried that these kinds of rumors have enough power to send people towards bitcoin.
[How rumor sparked panic and three-day bank run in Chinese city](
I'd like to add, the insolvency may be more than just rumors. There has been a lot of talk of a credit crunch in China lately, similar to what the US experienced in 2007-2008. Chinese banks were encouraged to lend after that crisis, to help boost the economy, and the central bank made large cash infusions to ensure the credit kept flowing. Now it appears that some of the banks didn't make the most prudent lending decisions and could be in trouble. 
The short term lending rates between banks keep rising until the central bank infuses more money, making it look like a lot of bankers are reluctant to lend money to other banks. Probably out of fear that the borrowing bank could be holding a pile of shit that is ready to blow, rather than solid investments. That "shit" is not necessarily sub-prime home/vehicle loans like what happend in the US though - anyone here know much about where bad Chinese banks are malinvesting their money these days?
[Is China really running out of cash?](
I've also been reading that Chinese are selling investments abroad to bring in cash, as during a credit crunch it becomes hard to come by and more valuable. China could dilute the Yuan, to compensate, but that would push bitcoin even higher in China. In this context, a more thorough banning of bitcoin makes sense.
[As credit tightens at home, Chinese sell Hong Kong luxury real estate](
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:21:27
Since 70% of volume is in China?
@_date: 2014-03-27 04:20:11
Sounds largely like a real estate bubble like we had in the US. The building boom started in places like Florida, where new municipalities were built and later abandoned. When the price of those properties rose, it caused the prices in more established areas to rise because they were clearly more valuable. When things collapsed, Florida got hit first, while the cost of homes near NYC fell less and took considerably longer to drop.
If China's equivalent of Florida backwater construction crashes soon, that means the more established areas near major cities that saw a price jump will likely follow the downward path, but in a less extreme and more drawn out way. This could take a few years but will take banks and builders down with it. The bank deposits appear guaranteed though, so it seems they'll get bailed out.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:44:44
Probably a [Type-R]( Made in the UK, not available in the US. Different underpinnings than the US model, which is watered down in comparison. Modest car cost wise, but a little manic in character the way to engine builds most of it's power past around 6000 rpm, all the way up to a hard limit of 8300 rpm.
Here is a video of the [Japanese vs. Euro Honda Civic](
Japanese version is a bit more hardcore, the suspension is so stiff it can beat you up a bit going over bumpy roads.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:54:26
Agreed. A lot of these measures seem to aimed at preventing Chinese nationals from taking their wealth abroad. This and diluting the Yuan has helped make China a net exporter, with lots of foreign currency flowing into China to buy their cheap products, while Chinese have trouble ordering goods that come from abroad. Bitcoins could help correct the trade imbalance, which is engineered by the Chinese government to some degree.
@_date: 2014-05-06 09:52:26
Agreed, this is a desperate attempt to keep the PBOC at bay, before decisions come down during the China Financial Summit starting May 14th. This is a big event regulators and banks will be attending, just after the Global Bitcoin Summit in Beijing that the exchanges have just pulled out of to avoid inflaming tensions. 
The gist of this joint statement is that exchanges have "agreed" to self regulate. They haven't agreed with the regulators, but amongst themselves it seems. Once the last recharge/withdraw method is blocked, new money from China will not be coming to pump bitcoin anymore. This could spell trouble short term, just after the last remaining gates are closed. The Chinese exchanges are hoping to prevent this with a last ditch effort. 
If the last recharge/withdraw points are shut down in China, prices will rise higher there than abroad, just like when fiat got trapped in Gox. The difference from Gox is that an entire country, which contains a large percentage of buying activity, is being cut off, so demand worldwide will drop. With Gox, their customers weren't locked out of depositing money to buy bitcoins, even after Gox shut down. This is because they could sign up at another exchange. Not so for those in China, so while prices will rise in China relative to those abroad, prices all around should come down sharply before a recovery.
@_date: 2014-05-27 01:36:10
The exchanges have been selling proprietary recharge cards on sites like taobao, often not even mentioning bitcoin in the listings. I'm sure this hasn't flown under the radar, considering it has routed around attempts to firewall bitcoin. How downward could price go if bitcoin actually gets banned in China, meaning people can't find any ways to deposit/withdraw at an exchange? Right now customers have just switched deposit methods, so the money flow from China continues, I suspect that will change in the near future.
What the people who've been saying "China banned bitcoin again!", don't seem to understand is that China never banned bitcoin. They just made ineffective attempts to firewall fiat from the exchanges. Furthermore, Alibaba's Alipay and TenCent's Tenpay are now limited to $1600 a year for the purposes of transferring money. Alibaba was offering to invest customer money deposited into an AliPay card, with 5-8% returns - higher than the banks. This appears to be the main driver behind the $1600 limit. I've written more about that [here,]( including details on why some major banks there may be insolvent, leading to recent bank runs. This, and other significant reasons layed out in my post, serve to reduce tolerance of alternatives by the Chinese government. 
The banks, and payment processors like Alipay, have been told to not allow any fiat into bitcoin businesses through their systems, not even up to $1600. A harsher tone is being taken with bitcoin versus more conventional investments offered by very large players. If the government comes up with a response to shut down the exchange specific proprietary recharge cards, those could be the only remaining choke points needed to turn this soft ban/restriction into effectively a hard one. I don't see any alternatives to those. 
If this does happen, I expect the price of bitcoin to shoot up at the Chinese exchanges relative to those outside, just like when Gox got cut off from fiat. There will be a pump over there or a dump everywhere else, that won't be matched on the other side. Everyone in Chinese exchanges will want to be in bitcoin because fiat won't be withdrawable. It wouldn't surprise me if a major Chinese exchange subsequently goes down. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:34:22
The US has more to gain from Bitcoin than China, but not because of the Silk Road stash. Chinese currency gets diluted regularly and this helps keep their exports cheap. This gradually causes erodes US manufacturing as factories move to China. Every year the books show more money went out than came in, and the US debt grows. I know many people here are not fans of the fed producing more money through QE, but if the US hadn't done that and allowed the dollar to deflate post-crash, it would have caused a further erosion of US export businesses and been a disaster. When China dilutes the same must happen here to keep things balanced, or the scales tip further in their favor.
With bitcoin the purchasing power of Chinese citizens could rise instead of being washed away by dilution, allowing them to better afford products made abroad. It would help reduce the trade imbalance that has been a big win for China.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:36:02
If this news is true and it becomes difficult to deposit cash electronically to get bitcoin in China, I am still bullish for long term holders. When we had a credit crunch in the US, investors fled to US Treasury bonds, commodities, and gold for safety. It is possible that bitcoin will become a safe haven if other investments crash. People will find ways to get their private keys into China or use a VPN to trade locally. Now if bitcoins were banned directly and the government started monitoring connections for Bitcoin usage, that could really cut into adoption longer term, but I don't see that happening yet.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:52:24
Not sure why this was downvoted. A real lottery pool for a state lotto, will result in losses. Miners can make a consistent return if they buy the right hardware and join a pool, so it is not a lottery in the same sense that most people think.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:19:18
Posted this in the downvoted thread from late last night/early morning, so I'll post it again. Bloomberg is posting the same source, Caixin which others said is incorrect.
I wonder how much this has to do with the recent "bank run" in Sheyang, where rumors of insolvency sent many running to get their money out of the bank in the city of Yancheng, after which the panic spread to other banks in Sheyang county. Armored trucks with cash had to be brought in and hundreds lined up to withdraw during the panic, despite the government guaranteeing the deposits.
Perhaps the government is worried that these kinds of rumors have enough power to send people towards bitcoin.
[How rumor sparked panic and three-day bank run in Chinese city](
I'd like to add, the insolvency may be more than just rumors. There has been a lot of talk of a credit crunch in China lately, similar to what the US experienced in 2007-2008. Chinese banks were encouraged to lend after that crisis, to help boost the economy, and the central bank made large cash infusions to ensure the credit kept flowing. Now it appears that some of the banks didn't make the most prudent lending decisions and could be in trouble. 
The short term lending rates between banks keep rising until the central bank infuses more money, making it look like a lot of bankers are reluctant to lend money to other banks. Probably out of fear that the borrowing bank could be holding a pile of shit that is ready to blow, rather than solid investments. That "shit" is not necessarily sub-prime home/vehicle loans like what happend in the US though - anyone here know much about where bad Chinese banks are malinvesting their money these days?
[Is China really running out of cash?](
I've also been reading that Chinese are selling investments abroad to bring in cash, as during a credit crunch it becomes hard to come by and more valuable. China could dilute the Yuan, to compensate, but that would push bitcoin even higher in China. In this context, a more thorough banning of bitcoin makes sense.
[As credit tightens at home, Chinese sell Hong Kong luxury real estate](
Also China has banned virtual card payment systems even if this news is again untrue. These virtual card payment systems are how many Chinese are getting money into their exchanges at the moment. What are the alternatives for Chinese to deposit at an exchange? If the PBOC is banning these, I suspect bitcoin is not far off, and this is just an indirect way of cutting into bitcoin growth in China without drawing excess attention to it. Anything that functions like an alternate currency seems to be a target.
[China Exclusive: PBOC highlights virtual payment risks](
@_date: 2014-04-20 22:17:55
To stay secure, jailbroken phones still need to be updated whenever a root exploit arrives, but since the update process isn't so easy, this is unlikely to happen unless your disciplined. Worse, what if there are gaps between when a root exploit patch is released and when a jailbreak tool supports that installing that version? Stop using the browser and any suspect apps? Seems any iOS device used for wallet duties couldn't be also be your every day device.
Just one wrong PDF getting loaded in certain versions, and you can get  pwned. Maybe if you have an old iOS device that is still new enough to get updates, you can use it for wallet only duties. The bright side is I haven't read any reports of iPhones getting pwned like this, except in the leaked NSA documents. Android phones that don't get updates are in a similar boat, but are probably even worse because there are reports of people being exploited. My next phone might be a Nexus device, since it has Android + timely updates, unless iPhone 6 such amaze.