@_author: emingunsirer
@_date: 2013-11-17 22:10:42
I'm one of the co-authors of the Majority Is Not Enough article. I want to quickly point out where this discussion went south:
First of all, the argument that cunicula is making here is flawed in multiple ways. Perhaps the most egregious error is assuming that selfish mining is punishable. It is not clear that one can identify the selfish mining group. If the attacker is a rogue pool operator, the miners may not even realize that they are part of a selfish mining group. It is also not clear how one would punish them effectively. Selfish mining is not a selective punishment hammer that honest nodes can waive around. Mutual assured destruction (MAD) doesn't apply when the attacker is aiming to crash the currency -- in fact, MAD type countermeasures would allow any government to crash the currency simply by pretending to launch a selfish mining attack. If this is cunicula's defense against selfish mining, the game is already lost. Luckily, no one would adopt this highly manipulable idea as a countermeasure.
Second, cunicula's arguments further assume that all the participants are rational, and that they have a vested interest in the long-term viability of Bitcoin as a cryptocurrency. Yet there exist attackers whose sole goal is to crash the currency, and a robust cryptocurrency needs to be resilient against attacks from such actors as well. Cunicula may call them terrorists and sidestep their presence because they pose a problem for the simple-minded modeling he has performed, but others call them governments wrestling control of Bitcoin, and their presence is undeniable.
Finally, the way cunicula has been trying to make the few points he has in his arsenal has been nothing short of embarrassing. He has posted comments that consist of nothing but "pwned." In response to his own article, I might add. He has confused Disqus's behavior of folding downvoted comments with actual deletion (for the record, I have deleted only three comments, all of which contained profanities. Those are not welcome on my blog). He has been thoroughly criticized, and everything he has said has been shot down, mostly by other commenters. He has become a running joke ever since he threatened us with going "full bore attack rabbit" on us. 
This juvenile behavior. Intellectual discussions aren't conducted like this. I hope this discussion whet people's appetite for the kinds of attacks Bitcoin can face, and about distributed systems and cryptocurrencies in general. There are now [simulators for selfish mining written by third-parties]( so you can see that the attack is real and yields profits for attackers in excess of their mining power. The old adage that Bitcoin is safe as long as a majority is honest has been proven false. And believe it or not, we're all working to make the system more robust, to characterize its strengths, and weaknesses better, and to propose fixes for large classes of attackers. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 22:26:35


is this a real question? did someone upvote you for this?
@_date: 2013-11-17 22:41:15
I'm one of the co-authors of the Majority is Not Enough article. Let me explain why this analysis is incorrect:
This analysis makes the incorrect assumption that the selfish mining attacker stops mining and waits for the honest pool to catch up with its block. Instead, a selfish miner continues to mine on his private fork. 
The attacker's rate of block generation will be no different than what it would have been had he been mining honestly. This makes sense, because he will be using the same hardware and will be keeping it just as busy as with the honest strategy. There is no reason whatsoever why his rate of block discovery should drop. 
And the attacker's returns will be higher, as explained in the analysis section of the paper, because more of his blocks will be integrated into the blockchain.
So, the premise and analysis in this blog post are incorrect. Those of you wishing to play with empirical simulator of selfish mining should check out this [simulator]( written by a community member. Set it to a threshold, like 40%, click on "faster" and check the total revenue on the right side. It'll climb over 40%, into 60% territory. That should prove to anyone that selfish mining can yield excess revenues.
Selfish mining can be counterintuitive. Hope this is useful.
