@_author: emmatherobot
@_date: 2019-04-14 20:52:51
You make me laugh
@_date: 2019-04-14 16:59:48


It's okay for a country to invade another country when there is no provoking? I vehemently disagree.
Also, no it did not work fine.. did you need me to link you a Wikipedia page? 


@_date: 2019-04-14 15:59:37
Write to your representatives and demand that the US pull back their military invasion of Venezuela and that they give back the Venezuelan assets/remove sanctions so they can feed their people and give them power. 
Unfortunately, just like countless other times where the US has decimated countries this way because "communism is bad aka oil is good!", this probably won't do much at all, but at least you'll be able to say that you tried to help as much as you personally can.
@_date: 2019-04-14 16:48:50
The Venezuelan economy collapsed because of the drop in oil prices, so yeah, im not saying the US are the ones that initially started the crisis. But my point is that the US is not "helping" they are using this crisis to their advantage so they can get a corporate puppet in and sell off all the resources to private ownership groups and the Saudis.
Basically, they want to kill Venezuela's progressive social policies to death so hard that they won't ever come back. Which, if Venezuela got it's resources back (like the billions in Venezuelan gold reserves that Britain has hostage), things can get back on the right track.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:00:10


Lmao mask off
I feel so proud of myself right now. It's like having the Nazis get mad at you online. You know you're doing something right!♥️
@_date: 2019-04-14 16:38:49
The reason for Venezuela's decline is not because of socialism, it's because all of the social programs are funded by oil, so when the oil price went down, so did the country. And it's really hard to be able to fix your way out of that one when other countries are doing everything they can to take over. US intervention is almost always never a good thing, because they very very very very rarely ever do it with good intentions and instead it's mostly for personal gain.
Let Venezuela fix Venezuela. Stirring shit up like the US has been doing is going to start a war, which is what the US wants.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:13:13
Venezuela is not asking the US for help. They're just telling them to stop attacking them. They are receiving aid from their allies like you said, and all they need from the US is for them to back the fuck off, you know?
It's not really corruption that was the problem, it's just that when you base your entire economy off one mean of production, you kind of putting all of your eggs in one basket. And whenever the oil price drops, so does the economy. However the opposite is also true. When oil prices were high Venezuela was one of the nicest places you could live. my point is that it's not socialism that the problem, they just need to be able to figure out how to diversify their means of income and also be able to stabilize their government. But the problem is that the entire world seems to be colluding against Venezuela to destabilize them as much as possible in order to basically force them to sell off their country. It's messed up and I can't help but try to argue against the narrative that Pro-War Hawks are throwing out there. 
(Now don't get me wrong I'm sure there is corruption, every government has corruption, but it's not the cause nor the escalating factor for the current crisis, just straight up lack of funds due to circumstance and manipulations from other governments)
@_date: 2019-04-14 16:15:09
Dude, you follow a fucking dumbass bigot in Sam Harris. Why is your word worth trusting...like at all? 
How about you open up a history book and see how much the US has had it's proverbial dick in Central American countries oil reserves? This isnt a new thing by ANY stretch.
@_date: 2018-11-16 15:01:48
I'm not blind. I'm woke!
Fuck Bitcoin 