@_author: enderinexile
@_date: 2018-05-21 12:31:11
In a word...liquidity. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 16:33:08
Bank of American has one of the largest pending batches of crypto/blockchain patents compared to any other bank. One of which that was recently granted to them allows them to develop a platform for on-boarding crypto’s for customers. Crypto is already disrupting traditional financial industries, but don’t think US banks won’t all have crypto storage capabilities in the future. Once it’s more regulated they’ll be able to lend and store crypto just like they do with fiat. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 20:17:35
I tend to disagree with that. I think there is a misconception within the blockchain space that because decentralized blockchain based financial payment platforms, e.g., Bitcoin, exist, that all banks are either anti-crypto, or don’t want to adopt token usage. Especially for private banks, they’re bottom line is profit, and while they’re primarily tied to fiat, the fact that crypto’s are becoming more widespread will most likely just lead certain banks to adopt because of both usage and technological functionality. A lot of banks are awful institutions that are constantly given second, third, fourth, and fifth chances to not defraud users (which they still do), but I don’t think saying unequivocally that all banks are anti-crypto is correct. In fact, an example is TD bank, where a couple board members are crypto adopters, and as a result their banking policies and procedures are more crypto friendly then others. Anyways, just don’t think any bank who gets into crypto is doing it by force. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 17:00:53
This is true (assuming we're talking about the U.S.). The perceived regulatory uncertainty in the industry is far higher than the actual uncertainty. In other words, many industry actors believe the regulatory framework surrounding cryptos is still very vague, but we have ample precedent, e.g., Dao, Munchee, Tomahawk, SEC statements on BTC &amp; ETH, etc., that shows clear statutory definitions and judicial tests to apply. 
With that said, there is uncertainty regarding certain individual projects. Because agencies like the SEC and FinCEN evaluate on a case-by-case basis...there are questions regarding whether the true "utility" token is actually dead. We know the level of decentralization no longer matters, e.g., EtherDelta, but the "expectation of profits" prong of the Howey test still needs more examples in this industry in my opinion for us to have a fully fleshed out idea of which tokens exactly fall into certain categories, and which don't. 
&amp;