@_author: endlesslymanipulable
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:45:37
At what punt in the past did Greg Maxwell et al explicitly state that the 1mb cap would remain in place to force a change in the economic nature of bitcoin and prevent it from scaling to visa levels.
Regardless of whether he expressed an opinion that bitcoin wouldn't scale, he did not state that he would actively prevent in yt from scaling either. This, he did not change the implicit social contract that we are part of, which is a collection of understandings of what bitcoin is for, from what Satoshi had explicitly expressed. Greg governs privately and implicitly, via tools like veto and censorship, like Tony Blair or other ego-maniacs. People like Greg are dangerous because when they get into power it is impossible to tell what the route motivations of their decisions are, whether they are benevolent of not.
We're never going to come to a mutual understanding so it's best to have alternate implementations and be done with it. Let the best fork win.
People like me will go with implementations that have honest public relations policies and respect for user interests.
@_date: 2015-12-30 12:15:31
Bitcoin Core developers are actively destroying Paxful's business model "by design" to support their own off-chain solutions.
The opinion of a minority of technicians about the feasibility of certain business models and applications of bitcoin is not a deciding factor that should determine the design decisions of the protocol. If that was the case then conflicts of interests would year bitcoin apart because core developers who favour I've company over another could make decisions that destroy their competition and paint them all as "not possible".
The only way to know if bitcoin can scale or not I'd to try and scale it and top use simulations to guide development decisions. Not scaling bitcoin because of belief is active sabotage and nothing more and can only be assumed to be due to special interests in detailing the project.
And yes, decentralisation is important, but there is literally no demonstrable evidence to suggest that a small increase will hurt decentralisation so forcing a chance in bitcoin economics can only be assumed, again, to be willful hi-jacking of the system to serve the end of a small number of developers in a private company.
Assuming bad faith is always a last resort when there is simply no other logical explanation for decisions being made. Unfortunately that is where we are now. A zero sum game between a few core developers and films against the entire network.
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:53:08
So increasing the costs to acquire bitcoin even further is a good idea why?
@_date: 2015-12-29 16:09:01
I think your analogy would be more fitting if it was extended.
He can still giving me cookies, but he can't stop other people giving me cookies.
@_date: 2015-12-26 13:04:20
No, that would change the nature of bitcoin economics way way earlier than was intended. It's better to let fees gradually increase in line with blocksize halving
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:18:55
By a forced fee event that had been explicitly stated as desirable by Core developers.
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:18:12
Yes you can. It's the same as investing in Facebook except the potential upside is much higher and utility greater.
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:51:53
A different method which involves you having access to their online banking, whether or not you are "keeping information on hand or keeping your credentials", it is still invasive
@_date: 2015-12-03 12:19:12
Cool, thanks.
Think of it like a decentralised meetup.com, or several meetup websites collating events from the same source based upon preferences.
You could have developed communities as much as dance communities and live music or industry conferences.
The problem with centralised event DBs is there is very little cross pollination between them because of the effort for organisers to post in multiple places.
If you're in a community you might find it easy to hear about events, but if you're trying to get in its unlikely you'll stumble across events when the listings are dissipate across various sites.
Maybe a coder can give a better example... One recent one was a fidelity funded blockchain hackathon which I could have gone to but I didn't look at this specific site in time...
@_date: 2015-12-28 21:04:34
Personally, No
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:18:35
"Please enter your login credentials for your bank as you input them in the bank's website."
Does that really mean what it sounds like it means? Give them your online banking passwords and pin numbers? That can't be true...
@_date: 2015-12-19 10:17:03
Man, bitcoin would be better off without you...
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:18:20
OK, remove the 'forever' part, me being overzealous.
But blocks are full. Devs are accepting a contentious change to bitcoin economics without even as modicum of consensus. Did they ever state the intention of allowing blocks to fill up? No, they denied it would happen any time soon and dismissed anyone who recognised it as a problem.
Thus they have created a zero sum game dishonestly.
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:58:05
Core developers like Luke-jr were using figures like $5. But over $1 is to much for many new users dabbling in the currency to stomach, in my view, and is a reasonable view to take with limited data either way.
Blocks haven't been full in the past 6 months so what you were hearing and the current fees is irrelevant until the fee event happens.
All of the rest of your post I agree with and I look forward to new implementations of the code to give people a free choice.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:16:03
In fact, I would suggest that there may be an argument that Mike Hearn solution here may actually be required to FIX a fungibility flaw inherent in bitcoin already... Although I'm not sure about this.
It's a disgrace that people like you try to get away with your retarded statements about another person's views, just to further your own agenda in a slanderous manner, without reading up on the person's actual writings.
Disgusting that people like you are causing people with years faith in bitcoin to question that faith because of a retarded partisan position.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:32:01
This is not a throwaway account.
It's manipulable, at least in British English.
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:24:16
Fuck, I lend on Btcjam, I'll have took ask some of my borrowers
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:13:52
You've totally misunderstood the post. I didn't say "if we say no, we need to provide links/evidence"
I said if you disagree with the premise then please backup the point.
The premise is two-fold:
1) For years people promoted bitcoin as free/cheap transactions
2) An economic change from congested blocks will increase fees to 50c/$5
I'm taking numbers I've heard bitcoin core developers use for what fees will be, I'm not sure how accurate they are, but they are speculatively in the ballpark.
@_date: 2015-12-26 19:57:30
Thank you for the thoughtful response, for not ridiculing the post.
Personally I think much of the animosity and partisanship cab possibly/credibly, if speculatively, be traced to subterfuge. Divide and conquer is not just a playful expression.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:33:20
Willing to work with government did not make someone a government stooge or evil in any way. If you believe otherwise then frankly that's an insane view.
@_date: 2015-12-26 19:46:07
I disagree
@_date: 2015-12-03 12:21:30
One other point is that based upon the same source multiple startups could build applications to evaluate the data and the best one would obviously win out.
What curbs organisations like SongKick from opening up their DB is that someone might produce a better web or mobile app or community for evaluating and sharing the events
@_date: 2015-12-28 18:48:08
If there is a hard fork will it be ready for average investors to exchange Core coins for XT coins, does anyone know? For example, on Kraken?
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:35:52
That's how you know he is dead
@_date: 2015-12-06 09:58:31
I would be concerned about organisations that are called "cults" joining the ranks of bitcoiners. But fuck it, if it drives the price!
@_date: 2015-12-28 16:35:01
How is this a breath of fresh air? He didn't say anything meaningful!
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:39:03
Wrong, I set up a direct debit to a charity before and signed my own name to my landlords bank details, and they withdrew money for a year before it was caught.
@_date: 2015-12-30 12:54:05
Your assumption that decentralisation is at issue belies your central planet instincts. A none central planet would assume this is a certainty and would be able to compromise with a moderate block size increases when there is little to no evidence to suggest that it would have any negative impact.
@_date: 2015-12-26 11:34:12
You haven't. What's a legitimate financial institution? They have stated they request that information for legitimate reasons. What other legitimacy are you looking for? A stamp of approval from a national regulator or a big global bank? I'm happy to take the risk without because I know they are a regulated body.
@_date: 2015-12-30 12:52:07


Legitimate argument. What you can't dispute is that it's a massive percentage of the community being dismissed and by dismissing people's opinions of of hand they are pushing a huge amount of economic weight into alternative implementations, which we haven't been able to chose yet. When we can feasibly make a choice we'll see where the economic majority is.




The blocks are full, there is no more time. Core devs failed to produce a scaling solution in time to prevent economic changes. Many people don't want economic changes to bitcoin yet. Developers are ignoring them rather than compromising. Miners like btcc are now looking at other ways and implementations to increase block size. New implementations will mean core is less important. Their dishonesty will mean people don't trust them and marginalise them further through accepting new implementations that over time become more tried and tested. To many people have too much skin in this game to let one group make decisions unilaterally for everyone else without have the courage to justify their decisions in an open market of ideas and accept compromise.
Core will not last the back lash that is coming when full blocks impact bitcoin economics. There is a ferocious storm of miners backed by economic interests and companies depending upon dethroning core to maintain their business models, and they simply won't have the power of veto anymore so they won't be able to weather it.
By holding the line they will end up being marginalised and all their efforts come top nought.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:59:46
That is not relevant to his argument
@_date: 2015-12-08 13:45:55
Considering how many people (naively?) believed the silk road bitcoin sale impacted price. Other stolen bitcoin was surely a greater amount of the market and security was much worse two years ago than it is today...
When security improved across the board then maybe we'll see a more constant uptick after the previously stolen bitcoin has been released on the market.
That's my assumption, my premise, to the question of when will the majority of stolen coins have been released?
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:59:05
This is undeniable
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:24:57
I concur. It is very morbid to disobey the wishes of individuals who desire privacy, even if they are thrust fourth by their deeds &amp; actions, into the spotlight, their private lives are sacrosanct and should be respected as long as they wish.
It is the same for the morbid voyeurism that damaged Jennifer Lawrence's privacy or other celebrities, except this could unambiguously ruin his life.
@_date: 2015-12-15 21:47:41
What was this?
@_date: 2015-12-15 22:09:54


You know what is built on very shaky foundations but works? CASH! Pieces of paper printed centrally that can be counterfeited by organised crime.
The concept of "works" is relative, not absolute. 0-conf txs work relatively well.
@_date: 2015-12-26 16:49:31
Tell me what lacks direct evidence?
If you think I need to prove that there is government infiltration in civil society then you're being pedantic and should go do your own research. I don't need to link anywhere for that, it's a simple fact of life.
What did I say that was contentious?
@_date: 2015-12-30 12:23:03
What you're failing to realise (unbelievably) is that if individuals are deciding what people can and can't use bitcoin for, rather than the reality of real limitations, then bitcoin is already broken.
How do you know what well be possible to do with bitcoin in 2016 and why should the core developers be the arbiters? Let them make their arguments publicly and let people make a decision. Don't create a zero sum game where people are forced to chose and if you are going to create a zero sum game at least state the intention publicly with good lead time for debate because the action of maintaining the Max block size "by design" was never announced and prices the dishonesty of the core developers. In a zero sum game, do you think the majority will go with dishonest experts or with a reasonably competent conservative alternate team of developers?
Thankfully there is a movement to fork off and leave central planners like you behind.
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:57:29
I have had a positive experience as a lender
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:36:46
Because @_date: 2015-12-28 21:06:46
It would have taken me a LOT more due diligence to invest, particularly if there were large fees for buying my first coins, but also if I had known it would end up with fees that high in future
@_date: 2015-12-19 13:24:36
Charlie Lee worked for Google, is he untrustworthy?
What about all of the DDOS attacks on XT nodes? You clearly have an agenda and you're using character assassination as a weapon to fulfill it.
Luckily the community sentiment is now against you and I hope people like you become disenfranchised and go implement your own altcoin instead of trying to change bitcoin against the majority will.
@_date: 2015-12-19 10:49:38
I don't trust you
@_date: 2015-12-12 12:27:48
Wrong, just so wrong. This is being overblown. If someone goes to the effort of accessing the coins then they don't want the price to tank, they want the value of their new coin to remain stable, unless of course they specifically want to destroy bitcoin.
Imagine a malicious actor accessed them tomorrow. They'd release them or golf them until bitcoin is in a really big bubble and then release. That could damage the credibility of bitcoin, but destroy it? We would ask know exactly why the value was talking. The supply is still limited. It doesn't change any of the fundamentals. But public perception and the media soul or take decades to develop sycophant for the facts and bitcoin the currency would remain niche. Litecoin and other cryptocurrency might do well as hodlers RTT to hedge, but would bitcoin be dead?
That's the absolute worst case scenario and it assumes malicious intent when what is more likely is that we'd have a new big hodler, even if it was a government. What government is going to throw away billions worth of value to to kill bitcoin? They'd stock it right in their central bank reserves and everyone knows it, even the people who hate bitcoin know that is what they would do. They might sell it slowly, but they wouldn't kill it.
How close are we to quantum hacking? 10 years? By that time bitcoin will be so embedded in our financial and legal infrastructure that the number of possible malicious actors simply witless down to near zero.
More than likely even if these coins are hacked, we won't know if it's Satoshi himself finally moving his coins around or a hacker.
@_date: 2015-12-28 12:18:59


This is the core of the disagreement. If normal people see $5 transaction fees then user growth will stall and the price will slowly dip and drop as people like me sell.
People like me, a huge amount of Btc hodlers, bought into a system that was sold as free transactions, or almost free. The word used was "free" and I can handle "almost free" as a compromise. I can't handle $5 or even 50c. 
To start with Bitcoin everyone fables with small amounts to get a feel for how wallets work how you pay people. If like transactions of a couple of euro take days or you have to pay 50c then normal people like me would say "fuck it", and the value of Bitcoin, which is currently based upon greed and speculation due to a lack of contemporary utility, will drop precipitously.
I would prefer to stick to the original vision and fail through centralisation than force a change to Bitcoin economics and how Bitcoin was sold to almost everyone by limiting block sizes and increasing fees.
To me, limiting block sizes now is effectively throwing in the towel on Bitcoin because without continued adoption growth and a rising price is effectively dead in the water.
@_date: 2015-12-26 22:06:09
Thanks for the thoughtful comment. Yes, I'm just on my phone and out all day, just dipping i, not searching for articles.
I agree that on contentious points I should support with links but the fact that I didn't post links doesn't mean I couldn't...
@_date: 2015-12-22 12:06:47
This system allows implicit governance through veto
@_date: 2015-12-19 10:54:50
What's wrong with that? Governance at developer level was broken because it was searching for absolute consensus. This allowed veto power to rule, which can be used to govern implicitly rather than explicitly.
He recognised the problem early and tried to solve it. Some people who didn't like his solution, which was never forced upon anyone, simply opened up to the market as available, then attacked his solution with criminal DDOS and further obstructed the debate until they could advice their end of changing bitcoin economics to one of perpetual full blocks.
He was open about his plans, others were not.
@_date: 2015-12-28 13:21:21
If you don't want to talk about it you don't have to respond. Clearly if people are downvoting comments against XT its because most people here support XT or other proposals that want to increase block sizes.
If you don't want to get downvoted then don't be a partisan against XT, be reasonable.
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:08:35
My first ever tip! Thank you Andre, I alleviate the positive feedback :-)
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:02:24
I wish I was paid.
Btcc have stated they will run another implementation of the protocol that raises the blocksize moderately and 80% of major mining pools are against a fixed 1mb blocksize cap. When btcc runs a new implementation, do you think others will take long to follow our that core will not increase the block size faced with such an event.
The tide is turning.
@_date: 2015-12-10 19:44:51
Why, is anything there related to Craig Wright?
@_date: 2015-12-29 14:45:20
That's a stupid responses then, because it is not answering the question asked.
I can only assume that you're saying that the size of fees would not have had a major impact on your initial decision to invest in bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-12-30 12:04:12
We've all been lied to for the past two or more years. Core developers are literally and unambiguously, unapologetically hi-jacking the network against the consensus of the economic community, including the miners who want moderate block size increases, having lied through their teeth for years about selling a scaling solution that would avoid full blocks.
Changing the economic state of the bitcoin network is an active unilateral decision of the developer community and a minority of supporters against almost everyone in the network. This change is "by design" and is without legitimacy: 
They are simply banking upon the rest of the network to not have the competency and confidence to fork effectively. Miners like btcc and others are slowly realising these are tyrants, not honest leaders who make decisions you can predict or understand.
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me...
@_date: 2015-12-10 10:54:48
So we are simultaneously saying Wright is a whacko and that he is a credibly proficient developer, but definitely not Satoshi?
Has he actually explicitly claimed to be Satoshi?
Are his ideas on the protocol credible enough to explore?
What's the deal with this guy? I'd he commenting in this thread? are you Wright?
@_date: 2015-12-17 10:24:43
Unfortunately I don't see a clear way to discuss this with you.
It will probably end up with small blockers and big blockers splitting.
It seems to me that many developers working on the original protocol, back in 2010/2011/2012, came to believe that the system doesn't scale.
They produced technical papers contending this and these were contended by others. The idea that bitcoin cannot scale is, at best, inconclusive.
See these posts as an example. Charlie Lee seems to be making a pretty clearcut argument. But the response is equally if not more credible to me. Charlie seems to oversimplify the problem and exaggerate the validity of simple models. The real world environment is much more unpredictable.
What I suspect if happening here is that after discovering this theoretical problem (because it is a theory, it hasn't happened yet. It's not like evolution is a theory. Evolution has happened. Predicting bitcoin economics is completely uncharted territory no matter the sophistication of your models) some early developers started to prepare for this "reality".
The more time and money invested in "solutions" like LiteCoin and LN the more entrenched the belief became and the more they felt required to protect the system for is true value, digital gold.
Satoshi's belief that bitcoin will scale is no less valid than the core developer's belief that it won't. Both are entrenched by the subsequent investment made based upon that belief. The investment is very hard to give up and because any number of arguments before the fact can be made both sides will always go around in circles.
From my lay position I believe it is possible that bitcoin can scale to visa levels, but it's uncertain. Max blocksize should be increased with caution. That does not necessarily mean sacrificing digital gold.
What code developers don't understand is that bitcoin has been sold as scalable, cheap and secure and they have no right to change the goals or redirect the mission until this goal has been proven unattainable. Then the developers can go ahead and create digital gold.
Call it Bitcoin Core if you like, and we will call our attempt at scaling Bitcoin XT
In the end the market will decide which path it wants to go down.
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:08:50
The underlying value isn't calculated at all. It's market sentiment...
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:31:08
I had his bank details on my phone and mistakenly thought they were mine. It didn't occur to me that it was even as possibility as how could the bank prices it with the wrong signature. It was many years ago.
@_date: 2015-12-29 21:03:03
How a normal person could know that is beyond me...
@_date: 2015-12-28 16:33:40
If you say the "debate" is being managed then you have to at least speculate as to who is managing it for what end. If you accuse someone if murder without providing evidence them you have at least provide a motive or you have said absolutely nothing!
This sounds like someone trying to sound oh so intelligent and above the idiocy of the masses without actually making a coherent point.
For example, assuming fees go close to or over a $ power transaction, that is a legitimate concern, is not idiocy. Some people seem to think it's not a problem and any "legitimate" use of Bitcoin should pay that, that transactions that become inviable at that price point are all "spam".
There is nothing idiotic on either side of that point, it's simply a difference in ideology and a different understanding of the utility of Bitcoin.
To say that the debate is meaningless and managed to manufacture a divide in the community you have to explain why points like that are empty and meaningless, not just make a blanket statement about the entire debate. Blanket statements of the nature in this article are completely meaningless.
@_date: 2015-12-30 12:26:30
If Core wants bitcoin as a settlement layer against the wishes of the economic majority them they should fork off. But they should have been upon front about their intentions instead of breaking the implicit social contract and making decisions unilaterally.
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:53:35
OK, I see the wording there. "By design" taken literally would be a contradiction. But I don't think he many there that Satoshi designed it that way. I think that is clear. I think he meant it in the sense that our genes are "designed" to improve our biological performance, but that doesn't mean someone designs genes.
There is a world of difference and its an innocuous unimportant misuse of the wire design by Jeff.
Hot-wire definitely means people are hi-jacking the system.
@_date: 2015-12-10 19:45:51
Demorgan.com.au ?
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:19:29
I'll just put this here:
@_date: 2015-12-26 13:02:18
The price of litecoin is down as well on kraken
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:12:14
We may not have a single consensus on the blocksize debate.
We may end up with multiple implementations of bitcoin, like fedora/Ubuntu for Linux, which will take longer to resolve.
@_date: 2015-12-26 19:53:01
What are spooks? You make government surveillance &amp; intelligence organisations sound trivial.
Yes, I don't think these guys are matter minds, and many of them are probably stupid/paranoid/crazy, but they are definitely as much of a threat as central banks due to their use of subversive techniques to monitor and damage communities deemed agitators
@_date: 2015-12-19 17:17:22
Technically no, you're slightly, and crucially, misrepresenting that.
It's the wallet providers who subscribe to blockers created by bloodlust providers, and users who device which wallet they are using our possibly what setting they use in the wallet.
This requires the active participations of all three to function. If anyone of the three refuses to cooperate because the blacklists are unjust and being abused them this won't work.
But if I want the choice to not accept bitcoin from criminals then I can. If I don't believe in the governments judgement I don't have to adhere to it by changing my wallet and/or settings.
That may or may not work in practice, but you are paranoid and delusional if you think that is a malicious attack on the fungibility of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:51:14
Point taken
@_date: 2015-12-23 16:42:08
I would add, only invest what you can afford to lose
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:38:51
There is just no way he could leave them vulnerable it he is alive.
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:40:10
I'm not arguing the case for blacklist, per as, as much as saying it is not necessarily insidious and malevolent.
Maybe can explain better his reasoning..?
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:37:12
I did this to my landlord by accident once.
It's because registered charities have special accounts I think, so you can set up these direct debits without much "friction".
@_date: 2015-12-28 13:21:21
If you don't want to talk about it you don't have to respond. Clearly if people are downvoting comments against XT its because most people here support XT or other proposals that want to increase block sizes.
If you don't want to get downvoted then don't be a partisan against XT, be reasonable.
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:29:29
I didn't forge his signature. This was many years ago and I had his bank details on my phone and mistakenly thought they were mine.
It was the banks fault for not checking the name on the form. I made a simple mistake and you're the scumbag for calling me one.
@_date: 2015-12-29 14:17:02
That's my fear and I'm not saying it will definitely happen, but I don't think you can say with any certainty that it won't happen either.
@_date: 2015-12-30 00:56:11
So do you accept that full blocks is a break in the implicit social contract at least for a large percentage of investors and that these investors will/interests matter? Do you accept that this break in the social contract should have been expressed clearly and publicly with a long lead time for debate on full-block bitcoin economics?
If no, then I'm afraid you have been party to the creation of a zero sum game and there will need to be an attempt to marginalise and remove people with your view, including core developers, from the community through whatever means available.
@_date: 2015-12-03 10:25:17
I heard the same kind of dismissive comment from a blockchain dev when discussing company formations on the blockchain and then immediately found a prototype using ethereum in Slock.it
Where do you people get off?
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:08:54
You don't seem to understand what a social contract is. It's implicit, not explicit. Does the UK not have a social contract just because they don't have a constitution?
Implicit social contracts are important and are always based upon a massive collection of individual interpretations of the rights and responsibilities of those within the contract. Social contracts are the very fabric of human organisation at every level and if you don't realise that then you are not worth discussing this with because you should go back to picking at bugs in the dirt.
@_date: 2015-12-18 14:29:30
I have a different than you. That doesn't equate to an "agenda" in the sense that I am hiding something in this thread.
Argument by appeal to authority is no line of argument.
I might have an opinion, a perspective, a view, but I am non-partisan.
If I was given definite justification for small blocks that was not countered in a way that makes sense to me then I would accept it. I have gone back and forth numerous times on the matter, although my posts may not indicate that.
You are coming across as the dogmatist and dogmatic arguments by appeal to authority are what has caused this rift way before the abuse started coming. People are sick of arrogant unreasonable people like you so they get abusive. They feel they will never get through to you.
You could get through to me if you were willing to meet me half way. I've rarey seen small blockers willing to bridge the gap.
People like you always resort to condescension, appeal to authority and dismissive backhanders.
I amir freely to bring to bring ignorant of the details of the protocol, but I am not going to do a PhD to understand how my money works. If I have to then Bitcoin is dead on arrival.
In terms of expertise, both sides of the debate are equal, but not the same. Small blockers only listen to engineering arguments v with a very strict understanding of how people would behave under certain circumstances. It seems to me that big blockers adhere to a broader set of arguments.
Not going to discuss further because you need to change your attitude first.
@_date: 2015-12-16 18:23:40
The chances of 700,000,000 new users coming on board tomorrow are nil. So the rest of your point is invalid.
We have seen gradual growth as new users do not suddenly spend massive amount of bitcoin. The only thing that would cause that is a new use case on a platform that makes bitcoin go mainstream with uncontrollable rapidity. In that instance Lightning Network is useless bitcoin it doesn't exist yet for use, so I really haven't a clue what your talking about.
Maybe lightning network will be that use case that makes bitcoin explode in utility but anyone who has ever worked in a startup will know that there is absolutely zero reason for a rational person to bank on that. Until LN is properly established in 3 to 5 years it is just an experiment in payment  infrastructure.


Bitcoin is here today and s it is practical. I can buy things online. I can pay freelancers in another continent. I can buy lunch and a beer on the weekend in a nice little cafe bar on the weekend. Bitcoin works today and Blockstream staff and proponents are unnecessarily trying to cripple it on the basis of completely unproven and untested tech. It's absolutely ridiculous for any rational person on the outside. They may have private or technical justification but that amounts to nil for investors.
We've invested in what we can say. Anything else is nothing more than an interesting project and nothing to be basing our financial decisions upon.
@_date: 2015-12-29 16:22:07
I'm glad we're having a reasonable discussion.
I think many people in the community disagree on the nature of the social contract and that's fine. It actually highlights an inevitability to this whole debate. The idea that it was feasible to assume everyone understood the social contract in the same way is impossibly naive, a myth we all held to in ignorance of alternative views but or own or or own direct network.
It's healthy, but unless the various views are technically compatible this will turn into a zero sum game were the dominant fork will win out due to economic power. I don't think anyone wants that but in the past year I think many people have been dismissive of investors that hold differing views on the social contract than many in the core dev community and those who adhere to the view that bitcoin "is not for buying coffee".
" Buying coffee " is part of the understanding of many people of the social contract, so you can't dismiss it without dismissing them and their relevance. Dismissing them and their relevance means pushing large amounts of bitcoin investors from the community. Of course their reaction is that we can maintain our understanding of the social contract through a fork and let the ecosystem decide what understanding of the social contract prevails.
Ultimately our understanding if the social contract may fail due to centralisation, but cite devs should stop making technical arguments for a time and frame the discussion directly so they can explicitly all people to change their view of the social contract for reasons xyz.
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:04:56
I expect more controversy over the blocksize issue. When it really comes to a head people's faith will really be shaken for as brief period, until it resolves itself.
But it's our speculation, just an uneducated view of mine...
@_date: 2015-12-11 10:30:02
"As a global leader in high performance solutions for computers, data analytics and data management, SGI considers Cloudcroft a worthy partner in the goal to accelerate time to discovery, innovation and profitability," the letter said.
"SGI has no record of the CO1N supercomputer ever being purchased or serviced from SGI, therefore SGI suspects it may have been purchased on the grey market," Conceicao said. "SGI does not operate, maintain, or provide any services for this supercomputer."
That is the definition of inconclusive!
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:05:53
I finally got around to reading Mike's post where you grabbed the quote out of context without linking to source or qualifying with Mike's actual reasoning, which he clearly states:
"However, crime (or fear of crime) is a very common concern amongst citizens and politicians are highly responsive to that, and therefore also highly responsible to requests from law enforcement. The worst case scenario is for Bitcoin vs fiat to be presented as a choice between either freedom or the rule of law because most people would prefer to have both, but given a binary choice we know that many will actually choose the latter over the former. The approach of the USA post 9/11 being a good example.
One issue with trying to fight crime in an international, decentralized financial network is the fact that there’s no one definition of what bad behaviour is. Most obviously, different jursidictions have different laws. Less obviously, the laws of a country may not accurately reflect the feelings of its citizens, e.g. in oppressive regimes or when large numbers of ordinary people end up criminalized (war on drugs, etc).
Fortunately, a list-of-blacklists approach automatically solves this problem for us. If each blacklist represents a particular class of behaviour and nobody except the user knows when there a hit on the blacklist, then the difficulty of tracing a “guilty” party increases dramatically with each hop in the chain of trades which does not result in blocking/reporting.
Let’s make this concrete. On this forum there are lots of libertarians. The libertarian philosophy emphasizes private property rights (theft is bad), and individual freedom (you should be able to get high if you want to). In a highly libertarian society, whilst some entity may serve a blacklist of outputs involved in the drugs trade many people may choose not to check it - or alternatively, to check it and then ignore the outcomes. Even if the government runs that blacklist there’s no way to know when there was a hit."
There is nothing inherently wrong with this reasoning and he clearly states that regulation could be decentralised, reflecting the values of the community.
You are an absolute fool!
Full post: 
@_date: 2015-12-26 16:37:06
But what if one dev team is controlled/influenced by extremely intelligent infiltrators?
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:16:34
No, I'm not saying that all of the devs are just being stubborn.
I'm saying that many core developers are understating the problem of increased fees and congested blocks in terms of the utility and cognitive overhead of becoming involved in bitcoin. Developers are thinking like developers, and are out of touch with user-requirements.
At the same time my intuition (which i know has little value) is that they are overstating the problem of centralisation of mining and a decrease in the number of full nodes relative to creating problems for new users.
Fundamentally though, my view is that regardless of the problems it solves, the blocksize limit as it currently stands, creating full blocks, is a change to bitcoin that was never expressed to users and never intended by the creators and super-early adopters. Thus, in the absence of a decision on how to increase the block size over the longer term, the morally correct default solution should be to increase the limit to avoid congested blocks.
The trade off is between:
1) possible* technical problems with running full nodes and maintaining decentralisation with larger blocks
2) possible* economic problems with curbing used adoption through a change in the nature of bitcoin that was NOT forecast or expressed as a possibility to the community with a significant amount of lead time to open a debate
The fact that changing the protocol means NOT changing bitcoin is a confusion that has caused no end of damage to the community. But bitcoin is not just the protocol. It's not just code. It's a social contract in its purest form. Changing that social contract by increasing fees when at this stage in its life cycle miners are supposed to be paid by new coins minted is an absolute last resort. While it's not equivalent in scale, it is equivalent in nature to changing the number of coins in the system from the 21m cap.
In spite of the possible problems and vulnerabilities of bitcoin, if it fails to remain decentralised then that is just the nature of the beast and we can all migrate over to a new decentralised altcoin when/if it happens. I'm sorry to trivialise that possible outcome but for me the maintenance and solidity of social contracts within the crypto- space is of much higher value and importance than one single cryptocurrency, even bitcoin. If implicit social contracts are not held in the highest regard then all of this is for nothing because a vulnerability is opened up in controlling bitcoin by subverting the existing social contract without consent or buy-in from the community.
Changing the social contract by allowing blocks to become full doesn't just possibly break bitcoin. It has ramifications to all cryptocurrency. If the social contract can be changed by the developer community implicitly and without any public recognition of the change, rather a denial that the social contract is being changed, then they are the de facto central bankers and hodlers in the future will fear these implicit changes in all other cryptocurrency that don't put in explicit structures to prevent such co-opting.
I don't think the core developers understand that they are changing the social contract by not raising the blocksize and what that means fundamentally and psycho-socially for the community.
If could be argued that not maintaining the decentralised nature of bitcoin carefully is a change in the social contract, but I think it is very difficult to make the argument that "we have to change the social contract in order to prevent others from changing the social contract".
If you don't agree that congested blocks means a change in the implicit social contract then I fear that the dispute can only be resolved by a hard fork in a zero sum game.
@_date: 2015-12-18 13:40:55
Sorry, that's gibberish... "things you do" ? "Advocating for". I haven't advocated for anything. " accept the reality"? Who made you the arbiter of reality???
The reason the debating is finally coming to some kind of resolution on the side of increasing the blocksize and not sacrificing utility too early for a pivot to bitcoin as a settlement layer is to a certain extent due to the arrogance of people like you.
Try to understand the perspective of others and you might not get so much abuse.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:18:58
Why is my question stupid, which premise do you disagree with? I'd genuinely like to learn if I'm misrepresenting something.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:00:48


I think this statement gets to the heart of the issue. The problem is that the assumption of malice runs right to the to of the development community.
@_date: 2015-12-29 14:16:00
My numbers may be high, but I took them from a post of a clue developer, which may have been flippant throwaway numbers on his post.
Yes, that would make me think very differently. What I'm concerned by is the potential for unpredictable timeframes for transfers and increased fees, even for low priority transactions.
The reason I'm concerned by this is that normal people get extremely nervous about transferring money, even via bank transfers, because they are afraid they'll make a mistake and their money will get lost or disappear. Adding more cost and unpredictability (for example, new users won't know what fee to attach to the transaction or how long it will take) will add to this nervousness and their introduction to bitcoin will become, in part, a negative one.
Right now the usability of cognitive overhead of bitcoin is roughly equivalent to seeing up online banking. Prior have to set up online banking, but they don't have to get into bitcoin. That is already high enough cognitive overhead to keep bitcoin out of the mainstream for a long time. Add expense to that and reduce the utility (by making 0-conf transactions infeasible) and it could push bitcoin into the "friend-zone" forever.
If the evidence proved that with consistent full blocks that didn't happen I would change my opinion.
@_date: 2015-12-17 10:30:02
I read that post in response to Mike Hearn BTW. Again, nothing conclusive there to suggest big blocks equal centralisation. It's a technical theory that has morphed into belief. Neither you nor I know what will happen.
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:12:50
Thanks, great idea, will break down a few different models and rough up pros and cons but this sounds to me a very feasible approach.
I'm going to follow the slock.it guys on Slack to better understand DAOs
@_date: 2015-12-18 07:44:18
bitcoin core supporters shitpost often enough... This line of the thread is a shitpost. The difference is there is not as many of you.
@_date: 2015-12-16 18:24:44
Call me ignorant but your expectations of normal people are far too high since we're have jobs and lives to live, we can't invest all of our intellectual time in bitcoin. But without us YOU FAIL!!!
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:10:52
Awesome, would be delighted to work on it, I have a friend working on an event based social platform and I will bring him in on it. I'll touch base soon via pm
@_date: 2015-12-16 09:06:31
I agree that that all sounds great...
But it doesn't exist so it simply cannot be relied upon. It will also be tested in ways you can't imagine when it is out in the wild, so also for that reason I can't rely on it.
No rational person in my position could bet on something that will hopefully be practically available in 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 or 6 or more years.
Bitcoin might not be perfect as a payment rail but it is good enough with 0-conf transactions. Until Lightning Network exists core developers should accept that Bitcoin achieves at least part of its value from its use as a payment rail, and without an alternative payment rail they are hurting its value.
I like taking people to lunch at my local Bitcoin cafe, that is how I on board people, and it works fine, so stop breaking it prematurely!
@_date: 2015-12-26 14:33:44
We have a disjointed community, I would suggest they are doing a good job but Bitcoin of a hard best to master
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:18:07
is honest and diplomatic, and nothing, as far as I can tell, in that post is contradicting what he has said recently. He recognises that RBF is anti-social. You'd have to be daft not to. But I think he implicitly recognise that being anti-social is also not a good thing, which is something that and don't seem to understand.
The disagreement is around whether you should intentionally break 0-conf early in the life cycle of bitcoin when there are no alternatives except not using bitcoin and force a fee event and change in bitcoin economics against the general consensus that moderate kick-the-can Max block size increase is more desirable and conservative than allowing a fee event to happen and bring us into unknown territory, potentially stymying growth and creating a still-birth crypto-currency. 
Far from having consensus, this decision has been disingenuously and silently foisted upon the community.
Jeff is the honest engineer who can see the engineering reality but recognises the economic reality and a large amount of economic will that is being sidelined. He can see the forest for the trees. You don't seem to be able to.
Jeff, it you have time you might be able to quality this response to Mike with any update on your position here, it it isn't already fairly straight forward and uncontroversial.
@_date: 2015-12-30 10:05:01






you are contradictory to the point of incoherence at this point. You are decimating your credibility in the community and when the tide finally turns against Core you'll be remembered for this type of illogical disingenuous obfuscation, "respectfully" of not. Core developers might seem to have the power of indecision right now, but new teams are forming and creating alternate implementations and you'll be stuck on the wrong side of history with no bridge left to cross.
A massive amount of the community fears economic change of the nature that full blocks can bring, as well as opt-in RBF, for completely rational reasons related to the utility and user experience of bitcoin and you do not get to chose what we are allowed to fear or not.
Maybe nothing bad happens, but forcing this change in bitcoin economics through inaction is not your choice to make. Government by veto is the most insidious and vulnerable to corruption &amp; manipulation, removing personal responsibility in a manner that just about gives people the world room to obfuscate out of decisions, in the direction of the decision that really want to make implicitly, without having to vocalise the choice.


You are CHOOSING allow full blocks and a change in bitcoin economics that is every bit the central control that you profess to be disinterested in.




You are in a bubble. It's mind blowing how can actually believe that the interests and will of a huge percentage of investors that give bitcoin is value and support the network effect can be dismissed or of hand in this condescending manner. To break the implicit social contract based upon the understanding of this section of the community is to willfully divide the community in a zero sum game you. By willful inaction you and the other core developers are forcing people to a pint where they, as dismissed interests, will do everything in their power to marginalise and remove you among others, as you have attempted to marginalise and dismiss us.
Why would you create such a zero sum game without completely ulterior implicit motives is difficult for anyone here to fathom.
One thing that is for sure is that, while you might be right that nothing bad happens in a forced fee event through retaining the previously temporary block size limit, you are certainly not balanced in your opinion. You have said it explicitly that it is your personal desire to see full blocks and a fee event in a forced manner against the will of a huge percentage, maybe a majority, of the community, and all you can produce in defence of this immoral unethical position is obfuscation and internal contradiction.
The sooner you period are marginalised the better... I certainly won't be investing anymore of my hard earned money until we have complete alternate implementations that can break your monopoly.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:50:04
No villains, no good guys, simply people with different perspectives.
In my view the development community in the core implementation of bitcoin has dismissed the views of a lot of bitcoin investors by limiting the amount of transactions allowed per block to a fixed number before alternative systems for specific use cases like instant transactions and low/zero-fee micro-transactions have been developed and tested.
I believe they have falsely exaggerated the weakness of the base layer of in these use cases in order to destroy them and ask of the bitcoin businesses that depend upon them before there is alternative within the bitcoin network. The use cases currently work just fine, I buy lunch most weekends with bitcoin and I want to continue it because I enjoy it and is totally safe for the amounts I'm transferring, both for me and the merchant.
Equally, if my friends want to dabble, increasing fees and causing transaction delays now makes it less likely that people will dabble with small amounts to learn about how it all works as part of the discovery phase. $1 transaction fees will prevent people from dabbling and is completely unnecessary because miners get paid by block rewards as they were supposed to be in the early stages, and the fear is that hurting this use case will curb adoption and user growth, which is really dangerous for a system that depend upon the network effect.
The other side is that larger block sizes will cause centralisation. While this is perhaps, it is not certain and there is almost nobody saying that a doubling our trebling of the block size tomorrow will cause any negative centralisation consequences (although there is a tiny minority saying that block sizes are already too big and bitcoin is centralised, there is no consensus on it).
Miners who support the network support the network are beginning to purpose increases, and you can see a survey here of the major Chinese miners: 
The one thing that really makes people angry is the continuous statement that there is consensus on maintaining the current block size when ask we know for sure is that there is some core developer consensus that is vetoing block size increase in the core implementation, which is resulting in new implementations like bitcoin unlimited and bitcoin XT, from other developers.
When users are allowed to make a choice through the purchase of a range of different types of bitcoin's via exchanges then we will see where the consensus lies. Miners certainly are not included in the "maintain the current limit" narrative.
I'd a dangerous zero sum game that core developers have created by dismissing the interests of vocal bitcoin investors in preventing fees from increasing through a hard coded block size limit and there will be winners and losers. Winners will write the history books and losers will be tainted forever as uncompromising maniacs.
@_date: 2015-12-25 14:12:35
Why do you get to define what spam is/is not?
@_date: 2015-12-29 20:02:38
Yeah, sorry, I'm a gerbil and I don't understand your support human language. Please speak gerbil so that I can understand, otherwise we cannot have a conversation.
@_date: 2015-12-29 20:37:31
I don't see the contradiction. Miners set the fees. High fees don't have to be enforced by a blocksize hard limit.
@_date: 2015-12-12 12:11:04
But if he moved the coins before we could reasonably suspect quantum hacking you could surmise that he is alive.
@_date: 2015-12-03 10:23:14
Less pointless dismissive nerdy comments that neither explain nor justify
@_date: 2015-12-25 14:15:58
You seem to be abusing your authority
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:31:04
There is a difference between fighting them and forcing the technological constraints earlier than necessary, and the difference is posing of a huge percentage of the community through backhanded implicit governance techniques like overzealous vetoing and censorship.
Fuck their "my bitcoin or the highway" mentality, what will happen when lord of people take the highway?
@_date: 2015-12-16 21:53:15
This article sort of flattened me, which is why I'm asking: 
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:43:09
I don't think anyone should device if Bitcoin should or should not be used for any purpose at all. It should be proven possible or impossible and how people use it after that point is up to then.
By actively preventing the purchase of coffee with Bitcoin core developers are breaking the social contract as understood by a large amount of investors and the cost of doing that needs to be recognised.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:03:11
Core have created a zero sum game by failing to compromise. It's unfortunate, but it's true.
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:49:38
Remember what grandad used to say? "Never pretend to be Satoshi to get out of paying your taxes!"
@_date: 2015-12-29 21:32:17
This sounds like the seed of a solution so definitely wouldn't be taken up...
@_date: 2015-12-29 23:22:49
Yeah, it's obvious when you put it like that but it doesn't account for why they allowed a completely different NAME to create the direct debit. I signed MY name and also probably put my name in block capitals as is usually the case with these sign up forms.
It never made sense to me how they don't even check to name to process the transfers.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:05:01
Yep, among other developers.
At this point whether their motivations are benevolent or an evil conspiracy is irrelevant because they are simply acting against the community and contradicting their statements of the past year or two
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:52:03
Thank you for your contributions Mike.
I fear we are in a zero sum game now and that the implicit social contract is being broken based upon the understanding of many people.
If there is anything that average non-technical investors can do to ensure that the social contract you are expressing here with Satoshi's quotes wins out in a fork I hope you &amp; Jeff &amp; Gavin among others will let us know.
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:46:35


If that is true then we have landed ourselves in a zero sum game and let the best fork win.
I hope the two views of the social contract are still compatible, but it increasingly seems that they are not.
@_date: 2015-12-30 11:51:09
You are a liar and this tells the lie: 
If the blocky size is limited "by design" then it is not the default no decision made choice. It's "by design" and you core developers are the designers.
And the community will move to a new design when alternate implementations are being developed by a new developer community and you will become irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-12-08 13:41:39
I agree, the selling pressure on the exchanges might not directly cone from them but surely the coins are being sold indirectly..?!
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:46:52
Ahem, you're going to have to point out exactly which part of the article contradicts which part of his post, I'm too dumb to see it for myself.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:30:24
This is an unknown and I'm not pretending to know the future, but I see adoption slowing and stalling at transaction fees are and average of 50c - $5
That means people won't dabble as much, learning about it for average Joe's will be expensive. People will say "it's cheaper to just use my debit card online, this will never take off"
Hodlers will just be bag holders, as the value growth will stall, peak and drop slowly as more people start to believe that bitcoin's utility has been hampered.
Bitcoin would probably become a very niche technology that never encroaches on the mainstream.
@_date: 2015-12-18 13:07:04
I wasn't referring to Iaanwj, I was talking about the tone of conversation.
Unnecessary condescension is a shitpost, and it invites an aggressive response which is often taken up by people with low tolerance for it. This is condescending "Maybe you can't tell what's a shitpost." So if you had better manners conversations &amp; debate here would be more civil.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:03:11
Core have created a zero sum game by failing to compromise. It's unfortunate, but it's true.
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:38:13
I guess this will conclusively prove that Satoshi is dead or alive. If, will before the time his coins are vulnerable to quantum attack, they are move, he is alive. If he waits to a time you could reasonably suspect them to be hacked, then he is dead.
@_date: 2015-12-28 18:19:39
Saying it's murder is a pointless statement in that case.
That's assuming the analogy applied here, which I don't think it does.
@_date: 2015-12-26 20:49:43
@_date: 2015-12-17 10:26:44
And don't denigrate me for buying lunch with bitcoin. That is a practical a Lee Satoshi way of educating people about bitcoin. If they don't think it's real money, at least they'll know it's real food they're eating, and but extension, real money.
It's not to "impress my friends"
@_date: 2015-12-28 16:38:31
Burden of proof on you or nobody will pay attention to your trolling
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:24:35
I'm no expert but I'm a rational person who can accept compromise and can see when someone is being balanced.
Core developers have contradicted themselves so often that there is simply no way to accept their statements as honest or anything other than Straussian manipulators.
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:26:50
Haha, yeah, I admit, I do find this whole thing very fun and intriguing.
I promise though, I was not ignoring evidence, I simply hadn't read it all. I wasn't searching for evidence to prove either way, I was simply piecing together the limited amount I had read, none of was conclusive dude to the twists and turns of this affair. For example, why is he being exhorted if he isn't Satoshi?
Now that cab be explained by the fact that he was probably telling a few simple minded fools that he was Satoshi but that they cannot tell anyone... One of them got fired or got into a row with him and started to extort him with wild emails. When this fool started emailing journalists he thought it would be a nice opportunity to "come out" as Satoshi, having himself forged all of the "evidence " a couple of years earlier.
@_date: 2015-12-30 01:13:27
Thanks for the compliment, I need to steel ball from the screen now...
@_date: 2015-12-12 12:09:49
I can't imagine how someone could create a system like bitcoin and be so careless as to lose most of his bitcoin... There is no way that is even nearly as likely as the other two scenarios.
@_date: 2015-12-23 17:13:12
He is expressing an opinion. There was no theory, conspiracy or otherwise, in there.
So your post was idiotic at best.
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:15:46


So he is being used? By evil manipulative officials presumably? So he doesn't recognise that he is being manipulated?
Sorry, for that statement to be meaningful it has to be extended with facts about the precise manipulation that is happening.
"Never seems..." is not an expression I put much weight on.
@_date: 2015-12-12 08:44:28
I just don't know what you're looking for... I came into this thread shocked, but now I see this as a totally reasonable policy until you or someone makes a strong case to the contrary. You haven't made one.
@_date: 2015-12-23 16:41:03
This is the right advice.
For me personally I am expecting a drop in January/February and because I have a few coins already I will be waiting for this before investing again. I think I'll invest in March.
Usually that's a stupid strategy but I feel that March will bring more clarity to the block size debate and with it renewed confidence in the fundamentals.
@_date: 2015-12-18 14:34:42
Supply may increase depending upon the outcome of the blocksize debate. If early hodlers with lots of coins lose faith because they don't believe Bitcoin will scale and remain decentralised then we could have a supply demand equilibrium for another while. Small blockers won't panic sell though, their too btc-experienced for that. Unless they just want to dump it all in a fit of rage.
Did anyone else think those coins might be s significant?
@_date: 2015-12-25 14:18:14
What defines "the entire ecosystem"? You seem to be relegating a massive amount of the "ecosystem" to irrelevant speculators and/or spammers
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:55:31
I don't think they'll go that high but 50c of $1 is still too high for normal people to dabble. I don't know what the results will be but I don't want to find out at this point of the networks life cycle.
I partially fell that it is dangerous and it is a change that has not reached consensus among anyone but the core development community. That is the definition of central control.
By contrast, a small increase in the block size to 2mb is uncontroversial to everyone except a few in the development community of the core implementation and I have not read a coherent reason why it is controversial.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:16:41
Thank you for clarifying my point
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:03:54
That's the mantra I hear from some but I'd there enough proof to justify changing bitcoin economics and destroying business models just cause "we don't think they'll work".
Final word: You may or may not be right about decentralisation. But in the end Core created a zero sum game dishonestly instead of compromising and they'll reap the consequences.
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:28:16
It's just after Christmas, volumes dipped. We were touching the limit earlier in the week for a few hours or more. Volumes are growing and any reasonable person would expect them to rise again as we get into the new year.
Are you saying we won't hit the limit in the next month or two? For sure? What happens to the 4c fee then is unknown but core developers explicitly want it to rise.
By how much? Who knows! Is this level of uncertainty healthy in a fledgling monetary system? I don't think so... Are developers actively deciding to introduced this uncertainty by vetoing all block size increases? Yes. I'd the community upset? Yes. Are large mining pools (btcc) openly talking about using a different implementation to increase the block size by going around core? Yes. When that happens, will others follow? Does core want to take the risk &amp; find out?
@_date: 2015-12-30 00:58:11
What died that even mean? It's gibberish...
@_date: 2015-12-28 20:37:39
@_date: 2015-12-19 16:29:13
You misrepresented "facts". The " black lists" as you call them, in my understanding, were not blacklists but a legitimate defended against DDOS attacks on XT nodes coming from Tor.
Clearly a lot of small blockers don't want to complete with XT on merit, they resort to illegal and unethical sabotage.
@_date: 2015-12-18 17:24:32
I don't think you understood my point. Did you read the rest of my post?
@_date: 2015-12-28 16:52:21
That sounds like fear.
Staying at full blocks to enforce fee increases is a change to the nature of Bitcoin that is equivalent to many people to increasing the number coins in the network.
This is because people were sold cheap or free transactions from the get go.
If this is what the majority at multiple levels of the community believe, as opposed to many others, then Bitcoin will fork.
Which fork survives will determine what people call Bitcoin at the end of the day.
Whether it is an attack on the network or not is irrelevant because history will and always has been written by the victors.
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:51:55
If I cry wolf when he is at your die, will you listen?
@_date: 2015-12-26 19:49:36
If that was true then why are we all investing? Reddit is just a tiny part of this community.
Your part seems deluded to me, my post seems ridiculous to you, let's agree to disagree as coming to done understanding would be of low value.
@_date: 2015-12-30 14:49:47
Unless you're free everything to the title.
In the post he says that the engineering realities of bitcoin are that it will end up being a settlement network. That is very different than it being "hot-wired" for settlement. If you can't tell the difference then you're simply not worth discussing this with because that would be a clear sign of dictatorial of asbergers tendencies.
@_date: 2015-12-28 21:03:23
So No?
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:52:13
A different method which involves you having access to their online banking, whether or not you are "keeping information on hand or keeping your credentials", it is still invasive
@_date: 2015-12-26 19:50:49
The vast majority of people don't have the expertise to review any code, let alone code based upon cryptographic security
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:18:48
That sentence is a little wordy and goes around the long way of seating something very simple.
That probably why he missed it.
Just conductive criticism.
@_date: 2015-12-26 16:33:04
This statement is pointless without some backup. 'The govt actually lives what bitcoin I'd doing' is a meaningless statement in that it assumes a homogenous "govt". What government? Which institutions? Which parties? Who?
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:32:02
I supposed you would prefer someone to come e out and say "I have btcscam.com my online banking login and they robbed all my money"?
Sorry, there are loss of repeat loans on there and of course, plenty of scans from bogus him borrowers, but I don't think there are many negative experiences with the company itself other than to say the UI and functionality needs to be improved updated without losing any of the features people like about three platform.
@_date: 2015-12-28 13:13:46
If you saw it it wouldn't be censored
@_date: 2015-12-30 00:43:49
I don't know what you mean by "smarter". What democratically elected decisions? Is a distributed automated market based decision-making process desired in certain circumstances because of the corruptibility of central authorities, but undesirable in other circumstances because of the whims and capriciousness of the masses?
Who decides what decision making process to abide by and what are the criteria for deciding? Of course, the criteria and the who are set by the desired decision depending upon the perspective and neither is right or wrong when you expand the scope of the discussion wide enough.
The trick is not to reduce the problem to a zero sum game if you don't want the possibility of there being a "loser". To my mind this was reduced to zero sum early on by not finding consensus on whether full blocks were an acceptable outcome.
Full blocks are clearly acceptable to many in core and not available to many in core and in the wider economic community.
@_date: 2015-12-16 19:55:55
I agree that block sizes should not be increased to the point that decentralisation is allowed to die.
I just don't see anything conclusive to suggest that small increased over long periods of time would kill decentralisation. I'm happy for loads of businesses and people with highly optimised hardware to mine on my behalf. That seems decentralised in the extreme!
And I don't believe that mining pools are as centralised as I've heard partisans suggest. Not from my understanding of them.


I do, because then I can buy my lunch with it, and that is the best way I can on-board other people, by buying their lunch.
People want low fees and reasonably predictable transaction times for the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2015-12-29 12:55:33
Regardless of the problems, bitcoin economics should not be changed unless the change will be conclusively disastrous.
If developers want to be conservative and try to create a cryptocurrency a with a different economic model then they should start from scratch.
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:48:36
We really need to make this a household expression for financial fraud or cooking the books in any way...
@_date: 2015-12-29 16:03:10
No worries, I want very clear in my post, I can see how it seemed intentional
@_date: 2015-11-23 09:01:13
Definitely a scam?
@_date: 2015-11-19 17:22:14
Haha, copy/paste, made the same mistake twice...
Please do not take this as a post promoting investment in Golf...
@_date: 2015-11-12 23:15:44
I'm really interested to know what people think of the statements that there has never been a technological innovation that governments and big corporate players haven't learned to use to their own advantage.
To me it seems a logical fallacy. To me it misrepresents government as a fixed organisational structure, but governance systems change dramatically over the centuries, usually due to technological progress and social movements. Technology overrides and subverts government as often as government makes use of technology to cement their own power and policy.
The problem with the talk is that they are thinking in to short a timeframe.
They keep saying how government will outlaw cryptocurrency, but I've yet to hear a convincing proposal about how they actually do that in a distributed web.
Then the proposed policy of negative interest is brought into the argument and is even more clear that people would prefer to hold a digital cash reserve that does not devalue, even if that currency is deemed illegal.
The question of how to criminalise Btc could be answered by two propositions.
1. Prevent merchants accepting Btc
2. Prevent people mining Btc
They clearly can't stop people holding Btc...
I'd like to hear considered arguments about whether either of those routes of attack can be successful, and if not, why not? What I'd the networks defence?
Because if the network does not have a defence against both of at least one of those vulnerabilities then I would have series concerns that indeed they are correct: Btc will continue its boom and bust cycle until a bust is of significant scale to destroy the currency once and for all.
Bitcoin is not music downloads. The music industry doesn't have the power or influence to really crack down on illegal downloads. Where as the government can raid people's houses if it think people are mining or raid people's stores if it thinks they are accepting Btc.
@_date: 2015-11-23 13:47:45
Maybe you wouldn't have been so cheerful if your trip had been at the tail end of that micro bubble...
All the same, nice to hear, I too have recently moved from skeptical interest to evangelist :-)
Whats next, despair?
@_date: 2015-11-24 21:39:35
Thank you, I shall order a couple as Christmas presents :D
@_date: 2015-11-24 21:28:22
I see... Usually with ecommerce you can change the currency in the top. They should show three bitcoin price next to the euro price
@_date: 2015-11-24 21:28:46
Should I wait until Friday?
@_date: 2015-11-23 19:17:30
I was shocked when I saw the guardian logo over this trash.
I mean, they can be a bit imbalanced towards the liberal left but not usually this baseless and trashy.
Maybe their business model is fucked and they're lowering the standards of their web "journalism"
@_date: 2015-11-10 22:43:29
And lend with your head, not your heart
@_date: 2015-11-23 18:04:24
This is the grown-up response here
@_date: 2015-11-10 22:42:04
Yeah, this shit needs to get sorted, we're depending on Joe-public, not a world of nerds
@_date: 2015-11-21 08:48:29
Well then you're wrong, the government is not a homogenous conspiratorial block of baddies
@_date: 2015-11-22 23:19:42
Terrorists have guns, maybe we should shut down all the gun manuf...
"Shut the f*%k up, we make loads of money from that!!!"
@_date: 2015-11-19 17:24:26
Is that what we're left with if the intercontinental cables are cut? I wish someone knowledgeable could elaborate because this to me is fundamental to the longevity of the value of Bitcoin. If your money is worth less or ceases to function properly during world war then its got serious problems!
@_date: 2015-11-10 22:42:59
Btcjam.com - I have got reasonable returns but you need to be careful
@_date: 2015-11-21 09:58:53
Seems expensive and unfamiliar. I don't know what 15 grand looks like and I don't know which teas are similar to what I'm familiar with in the supermarket.
I like to support farmers directly as well as bitcoin businesses by replacing my current shopping habits with equivalents. I don't want to experiment as much as this though.
I hope you take this comment on board and it helps you in your marketing.
@_date: 2015-11-11 18:01:41
University societies?
@_date: 2015-11-22 09:11:14
The onus is on you to prove otherwise. And that's a stupid question
@_date: 2015-11-20 13:53:57
And no need to down vote me just because I said something you don't like...
@_date: 2015-11-24 00:00:46
I concur
@_date: 2015-11-15 23:23:03
WordPress + Woocommerce + bitpay
@_date: 2015-11-20 22:25:59
Good comment but would you prefer a world were a few terrorists slipped through the net or law enforcement bodies had free reign?
I think we've seen too much abuses by law enforcement and government so we should try stop doing the things that make people want to bomb and kill us instead of getting to stop the terrorists by eroding or own privacy and freedom
@_date: 2015-11-20 08:48:29
Don't hate you but if you have credit card debt then why are you willing to through away $100?
Sorry, but you don't sound like a person sensible with money. Why do you even have credit card debt?!?
@_date: 2015-11-11 08:57:36
I agree, been using the suite myself and while I think I just about broke even on my first round of loans, I'm quite confident now in my lending decisions. But they might turn to shite over the next three months...
@_date: 2015-11-23 09:03:06
Oh yeah, website looks like a5 moon WordPress jobbie and shop tab broken
@_date: 2015-11-20 13:53:21
I don't come from a country where CC debt is normal so I don't understand how someone could get into debt.
If I was in debt I'd have been using the $100 surplus cash I had to pay it off, whether I needed to or not...
I just find that casual attitude to debt strange, expecially since credit card debt is of the  most expensive...
Sure what do I know!?!?