@_author: endogen
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:05:19
Just use a desktop wallet. Something like Copay or any other desktop wallet. Search for them at Google
@_date: 2018-05-17 19:28:56
Not even close to Radix. Go home Bitcoin - and don't forget you glasses and your walking stick
@_date: 2018-05-18 04:59:44
Testnet is up, release is in Q4 on their own DEX. It's currently closed source because of copy-cats (team worked 5 years on the tech) and will be open sources after release.
It's a relatively stable coin with elastic supply. And it's not a blockchain, not a DAG, it's called Tempo and is completely new tech.
See 
@_date: 2018-05-21 10:06:22
You don't understand it. Radix is completely autonomous. It's actually more decentralized then Bitcoin, Elthereum or any other coin i came accross.
Why do you think it's centralized at all?Because of the patent? There is no way to control the network once it's online. You can sue the one that created the network if you know who that was but there is no way to close down or control the network.
And the whole elastic supply stuff is taken care of by the code - especially by the decentralized exchange that Radix is building. Not the company behind it.
Please take a look in the Telegram group if you have further questions. The project members can get answer these much better then i can
EDIT: Last thing i want to say: THIS IS IT! For me, the search is over. Forget Hashgraph (LOL!!) or Zilliqa (although it's a really cool project, it's not as awesome as Radix tech wise), and alle the other projects that state they have a million transactions per second. Everything i saw as of today isn't even near Radix.
BTW: don't expect ROI will be awesomely high, because it won't. This is a relatively stable coin and yes there are pretty cool ways to earn that coin: running a node, getting "interest" if demand is high and DEX is creating new supply. And you won't lose coins if demand is going down. But this is more a world changing tech then one that will make you rich as fuck. Everything else, please read up on it or ask in the Telegramm group
@_date: 2018-05-18 08:06:55
It's not pegged! Market will decide the value but it will not flactuate as much as the other coins.
Copy-cats: yeah, that's how open source works but you don't necessarily want that a major player like PayPal takes advantage of the core principles, build their own product, patents it and is in the end suing you for using it. They have no ICO or presale or none of the other bullshit. So they want to make sure that stuff they worked on for five years will stay with them till they are established.
They also have a patent that is used as a defensive patent for that case. And yes they said everything will be open in the end. And if you are part of the community and read up on stuff they write, you will see that they are really legit and don't make false claims.
Open source is great, we all know that but i fully get why they are doing it.
@_date: 2018-07-25 18:08:17
.... and still not working all the time