@_author: energyzer1
@_date: 2019-12-09 18:07:22
I don't have any kind of programming knowledge, aside from a very tiny bit of HTML/CSS. So I can't really audit the code even if it's open source. What gives me some sense of security is that the code being open it may be more legit than some company who's unwilling to show it. 
Security wise both Trezor models are the same right? I only see UI differences.
@_date: 2019-12-16 01:30:28
How can 1% of the population control the lives of the other 99%? 
Answer: they are much better organized and have their goals well set. Unless people who own bitcoin stop thinking it’s a get rich quick scheme we won’t go far. I’m doing my part, got an hardware wallet recently. That yearly event of exchange run or whatever it’s called should be done at least twice a year. Or we should think of a way to dry the supply of those f* who short, bet on futures and whatnot.
Westerners are way too comfortable with our financial tools (loans, credit cards, homebanking...) to even think another monetary system might be a great thing. Even those who got f* torched with the 2008 financial crisis are still using their bank accounts and all that gives you access to. Honestly, I believe we need bitcoin to do a couple things before people even consider it as an alternative: great UI (wallets that are not hard to use), LN to work properly without any loss of funds or other bugs, and probably (and I accept any criticism here) some sort of credit system where you could ask for a loan to repay it with a little interest. This last one is really important because I believe most people do not have enough capital to buy a house which is one of the most basic needs. Maybe ethereum could solve this one through DeFi? 
Another really important thing we need is stop the tribalism. Bitcoin might not rule alone, and it would be wise if we unite under the same principle: financial freedom.
@_date: 2019-12-09 17:46:30
So the best choice? How do are you all storing your assets?
@_date: 2019-12-04 10:58:31
Any thoughts on this?
The guys usually has some solid research, even though he sometimes markets shitcoins (karatbarcoin and so on...).
1. Where is the BAKKT public adress? That would be an awesome market move to ensure clients they really have what they claim. Unless they just don't...
2. Clients won't be able to withdraw any funds directly to their Trezor/Ledgers because BAKKT does not work that way. You'd have to go trough a middleman, in the form of a Futures Commission Merchant, to handle those transactions and they either don't deliver real BTC (only FIAT) or don't send you to another 3rd party...
And this all aside from the possibility that one of the key players in the financial markets is now headed towards the senate.
Will Bitcoin market be the "new" Gold market (heavily manipulated and supressed)?
I'm long, and will be long as I believe Bitcoin is the closest we are to a financial freedom but this kind of stuff annoys me.