@_author: energymind
@_date: 2018-12-13 22:03:06
It actually did not effect performance at all I could have After Effects running at the same time with no problem. And if everyone was mining blocks as they played the game there would be significantly more blocks than game saves/“transactions.” No one will be saving their game every 20 seconds and if a block can be mined in 2 seconds or less there would be a flood of new blocks. I understand it’s a competition sort of for bitcoin but in this scenario it would be a collective effort by anyone who is gaming, the game OS itself would be making sure everyone’s system was mining blocks so that one player couldn’t disable it somehow resulting in a limiting number of blocks.
@_date: 2018-12-13 21:04:52
I actually have scripted a few of my own blockchains in Python (very basic ones). I only used the term blockchain technology because I didn’t know another word to use to describe the concept of blockchain. From what you’re saying it would be cheaper to pay for and maintain a centralized server than to allow the data to be stored on a self perpetuating blockchain? Forgive me if I’m misunderstanding something but isn’t maintaining a server drastically more expensive. I mentioned in a comment above that this is not for privacy or security it’s more so for convenience to get away from needing to use servers to verify purchases and save logs.
@_date: 2018-12-14 18:18:31
The whole concept of this wasn’t necessarily for Microsoft to switch it was for a new company to create an open source game service which uses a blockchain instead of a server, because if it was open source who would pay for the servers? The systems themselves would be designed so every game OS had a full node and mined blocks in the background synchronized with all the other players systems. This way every player would be mining blocks so that the saved data had no wait time and could be saved instantly. Mining blocks on the blockchain I created takes about 2 seconds a block when the nonce number is up around 1 mil+. That being said, everyone’s game OS (which game systems have a hefty graphics card) would be mining blocks in the background always without a performance drop resulting in everyone being able to save the game more or less at the same time without an issue. The OS itself would be designed to regulate the systems to allow them to create blocks in an organized fashion instead of the systems competing to create blocks. I think it’s worth testing out.
If Microsoft or PS stood up and said were going out of business all the games and data would be lost, maybe the games bought on the store would be refunded by them. I just don’t like any type of cloud or data service being in the hands of a company that could shut down or accidentally loose the data. I know it’s hard for them to but the point is it’s possible. I love gaming and with VR getting pretty hardcore building a nice Linux gaming system is ideal for most gamers. We don’t want to depend on a company to maintain our gaming experience. A lot of legacy games the companies don’t exist anymore but you can still play them because of the fact there was no cloud back then. Now all the games are linked with the cloud so whenever those servers go down, which they do every so often, the games can’t be accessed, even for offline games.
@_date: 2018-12-13 21:16:31
Every game saved would be a new block created. The game save would essentially be tied directly to the seed, or if it’s not the very first save on the blockchain it’s tied to the most recent block hash based on the previous hash submitted/saved by that particular user (based on a private key). Every time a new save is created a new block is created. The game would reference the most recent block created tied to the previous hash used by the user and load it’s data based on that hash.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:54:02
This is more so about solving the problem of servers going down and making things more convenient. Servers go down on Xbox and PS4 pretty often compared to what we’d expect. Compared to how it is now where large data is sent back and forth from the server, I can see blockchain removing the need to send any actual data besides a key. Since video games already have all the data installed on the system, the player would essentially have a private key which is tied to their latest “transaction” which would be the latest save. The key then specifies how the game loads it’s data for that particular player.
@_date: 2018-12-13 21:38:51
Well this is the part I’m trying to work out. How can we automate the player to mine a block and then make the “transaction”/save. Considering PC gamers have very powerful systems and the consoles are getting pretty powerful too, I think there could be a way for the player to both save the file which gets stored in a mempool like a transaction and then immediately the player creates a new block. The speed of solving a new block should be significantly faster than bitcoins blockchain due to significantly less security because there’s no personal information or anything besides a game save log tied to it. It could be implement where the system itself begins to mine a new block as soon as the game is started, and is just an automated thing that runs in the background all the time. I do think PC systems can defiantly handle it but it would be awesome if a console could handle that too, I think it will take some experimenting. Mining a block on a basic blockchain I built takes 2 seconds and the nonce values range in the millions. When I lower the difficulty the nonce will range in the hundreds and solve in like .1 second for multiple blocks.
@_date: 2018-12-13 20:07:51
When it comes to online gameplay that’s a different story. I was just saying from the standpoint of the player and their data associated to their character in the game. After the game is fully installed on the system, based on the given key will result in how that data is presented. In theory it’s simpler than uploading cache save files to their server, same for verifying purchases. Just recently Xbox services went down and players could not even play games offline due to the fact Xbox verifies purchases that way. If it were done on the blockchain this wouldn’t be an issue at all and it would take a huge load off the servers so they could dedicate it more to things like online gameplay.