@_author: engineeredgains
@_date: 2017-12-29 13:52:20
Way to negate everything else i said and be butt hurt on the one insult. You honestly argue like an insane person. Obviously you don't understand what I'm talking about at all. I'm wondering if you're some type of troll because no one can really be this obtuse can they? 
You don't have to like it but you know absolutely nothing more about bitcoin than i do. and for what its worth my market value in crypto is 100,000's. I like crypto. I've made lots of money in crypto, i think there is a future with blockchain tech. I just don't know it will be bitcoin or not. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:10:21
even if it was worth $100,000... OP had 25.7 bitcoin.... That would make it worth 2.5M. After selling and paying taxes that's down to 2M.... Assuming he makes 300k (avg Dr. salary) That will only take him 6 years to make that 2M back.....
And thats assuming he never invests another penny into bitcoin.. he can buy back all throughout college, and over the course of the 6 years where he has extremely high income cutting down the ROI substantially. 
Edit: Did my math wrong... it would be worth 2.5M or 2M after taxes but thats only a loss of 1.55M in potential returns (since he took 450k) so that cuts his working career ROI down to 5 years
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:04:01
no one is saying that bitcoin wont be around in 2 years... what u/bobsaget824 is saying is its not dumb to invest in a sure thing. Most people understand the concept of "pay yourself first" OP is investing in himself with his future career. Nothing wrong with that. 
And just because you sell today doesnt mean you cant buy in again?
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:20:59
damn dude.... when your finished with it, i'd love to take a look into your crystal ball and check on the future winning powerball numbers too. 
Speculation =/= Fact While i am a supporter and investor to not only bitcoin but other cryptos and the blockchain technology you have absolutely no idea what the future holds.... you could get hit by a buss tomorrow and all your precious bitcoins will be worthless to you when your dead. 
I repeat There is NOTHING wrong with taking profits today to better yourself or your life. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:37:53
Never once even said you need a degree to be successful. Plenty of entrepreneurs don't have degrees. That being said higher learning does give you an edge over the competition. But that's not really the point. 
Its about doing what you want to do with your life. Maybe OP has a dream of becoming a Dr. Maybe he just likes helping people. Fact is, It really doesn't matter what OP does with his own money. It's his money. If you want to hold then hold... if someone else wants to sell then who are you to say that's right or wrong?  Maybe OP meets the girl of his life at medical school.... 
Seriously you are the type of person that gives Bitcoin a bad name, a cancer to the community. Just fuck off and let people live there own lives. You have no clue on the future of bitcoin, you have no clue on the future of OP. You're making wild assumptions, claiming them as facts and have this smug "holier than thou" attitude. I hope you're right and BTC goes to $1M/coin but at the end of the day there is a lot more to life than just your net worth. Going to medical school might be the best thing to happen to OP and rather then let THAT opportunity pass he is seizing control of his life rather than putting it in something which he has no control over.      
