@_author: enidiot
@_date: 2016-12-03 13:31:37
People will bitch even if you beat them with a new stick.
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:45:46
He was selling unbound, individual cigarettes. He was killed because he kept the state from gathering additional taxes in their resale. This is absolutely one of the saddest videos I've ever seen. 
@_date: 2016-10-09 12:25:47
No, he mentioned that there was a financial incentive for bitcoin miners to keep the congestion as people could pay "extra" to get their transactions through quicker. I am new to all of this, but it sounds like a fee (or bribe).
@_date: 2017-05-23 11:06:04
Yeah, I am generally one of the first to call bullshit on white guilt and black anger and the whole "privilege" guilt mongering (there are a lot of illogical inconsistencies with all of it). 
Racism, prejudice and bigotry are on a continuum, everyone has it as it is a basic cognitive trick of the human mind. White people (like me and presumably you) are going to have some blind spots and a coloring of events due to our subtle societal programming ranging from "he looks different than me" to "oh, there is a person of color, let me go run and be tolerant to them," neither of which are helpful or real and lead (I feel) to more anger between groups of people. 
The vast majority of white people saw Eric G. and saw a black man committing a crime (no matter how minor) and refusing to submit to the police. Most of us think that if you have a law, you can't just go around selectively enforcing it, and we would be right.
The vast majority of black people see Eric G. and see a poor guy trying to make some money, being harassed by police using a law that is stupid. When he refuses to comply, he is just showing that he has had enough of the daily indignities their community faces each day by a system designed from keeping them down, and they would be right.
This is one of those things two groups of rational people can look at, think they are being rational, but are in fact coloring reality with unacknowledged cognitive dissonance. 
@_date: 2018-12-01 20:35:46
This is a black bear (despite the color) and is probably not going to go after a person for food. I’ve encountered them hiking, and while nothing to mess with (especially when dealing with cubs), they can be fought off. They only go up to 300lbs and are around 6ft. They are mostly omnivores. Grizzlies and their bigger cousins the Kodiak will hunt and kill you for fun.
All bears however basically have a set of switchblades on all paws and a set of teeth from hell and can mess you up if not kill you.