@_author: enjoyscuriosity
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:22:47
You mean the actual coin value associated with a wallet is moved out of that wallet upon notice of the owners death to be redistributed across all wallets? I didn't know that happened at all.
@_date: 2015-12-20 14:46:54
Lost corresponds to stagnation in my concept. So, a lost coin can never be moved by someone. If someone is alive, they either spend with a wallet or flip a coin.
I don't really know anything about using oracles or OP_CLTV, I didn't have them in mind. 
There is at least one reason to perform this operation: nobody can "know" when they become richer, because the market is based on supply and demand. It's more like an invisible hand moves the value, and so the valuation of a coin will be more erratic.
Also, no one decides who needs more than anyone else. What I was thinking is that stagnate coin repatriation should be part of the miners work; periodically, all old wallets are reviewed and a small portion is withdrawn from them. Their ledger history in terms of stagnation should allow miners' machines to see what wallets were sequentially hit by such a stagnation penalty, and so the penalty would increase according to some accumulating scale, like squares or something, and the tax would be redistributed to all other wallet holders no under current stagnation penalty.
Imagine if you didn't move your coin after 3 years. But then after that, you got hit with something that cost less than a cent. Would you complain? No, it wouldn't make sense to because you would just be bitching to everyone else. Either flip your coin or slowly lose it, because in another two years, the penalty will grow to be a handful of dollars. Then after another few years will be about a hundred dollars equivalent, and so on. The goal is to identify stagnate coins, and continually increasing penalties allow their repatriation to be expedited.
@_date: 2015-12-20 14:35:15
Thinking that exploitative capital entities will be disabled from their craft because some vulnerable or nation weaker than they are is using bitcoin is more worship of the coin than it is rational, regardless of whether debt is possible. In fact, being able to take on debt at a low interest rate is actually valuable to an economy; it provides fluidity and more rapid responses. So debtors and debt are not going away any time soon. The type of debt we're talking about is exploitative debt - think microloans and payday type of operations. The behavior of the lender entity in trying to gouge their customers has no mapping to the currency. I or anyone else can be just as much of an asshole with bitcoin as I can a Dollar or Euro.
Ok, so I think you got off the map with what I was talking about when you started with insurance. I was relating the issue of wealth repatriation after death or access loss with the current system we know. Our whole system now is at some point based on the need to trust the banking entity, because it's run by humans. When someone dies, their wealth is repatriated, and when a bank is robbed, their monies are backed by governments. So these times of unbalanced transactions do not happen.
In the bitcoin world, a pair make a transaction. One on the other side dies after having made the exchange, and the coin of the owner is now lost forever. The transaction is disproportionate, and now all others cannot recuperate the value lost.
Bailouts and IOUs also seem to stretch pretty far from the original point I was making. Not that I don't want to address them or that I disagree. I can see the logic in what you're saying, I just think that the tangent is undue because how I was correlating things wasn't immediately clear.
@_date: 2015-12-20 02:56:38
Ah some egotististical point that totally dodges the question. How nice.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:29:21
| and?
This sounds more like a refusal to recognize that there is a problem more than it is to either demonstrate that there's not or show why what has been described may happen but that it's not an issue.
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:54:41


escheatment doesn't reallly seem to precisely capture the issue, because by definition the payments have to go back to "the state" or "the bank"; bitcoin can be determined by those who implement it. Why not have such isolated, islanded, sums replaced over all wallets? Today, someone dies and if there is no will, the state collects. It should be that someone dies, and instead all people see their wallet attributed some equal portion of the fund.
@_date: 2015-12-21 03:36:17
| So after how much time
Well the activation period should be on the order of years, and operate more as a notification to the wallet holder the first time, and after further stagnation, should result in increasing amounts taken away.
An old wallet is one approaching stanation penalty or one having been hit by penalty and continued to stagnate.
| just removing the coin from circulation reach exactly the same goal.
I don't know that I'm in the same boat on that as everyone else. 
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:21:19
Dead people have no use for money, this is not socialist policy.
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:50:53
The only people who would counter it are people who want to keep their coin even after their dead. Hopefully it make sense to have this operate on the order of years, so if you spend with your wallet even once within some designated time frame, a number of years, then nothing happens.
@_date: 2015-12-19 22:18:30
Part of the story was "if there is no will"
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:06:14
I didn't say I wanted to impose a political agenda. I cast the problem I see in a real world example, and I'm trying to explain to you that there are scenarios where just saying that some collected coin can just stay locked up in some wallet forever can pose a significant issue to real world people after others are gone. Think about the position of those at the bottom who remain after the capital expires: they've potentially had some great natural resource taken from them (whatever the subject of the capital entity had been, coal, minerals, groundwater ect), but now only one half of the transaction is left in the final sum of things.
To recount: people at the bottom have lost everything, some customer of the capital entity (person, company, or whatever) paid and got something, but then now there's nothing actually on the other end. The transaction's end result is not according to the set of prices as originally negotiatiated even if so called lockup of funds is equivalent to allowing the value of *everyone* else's coin to rise, at least because this is effectively a hidden payment to those who were not party to the original transaction, and possible because it also causes coin valuation to fluctuate without correspondence to actual demand. So, the world we know today see's huge amounts of wealth disparity. Lock up one trillion dollars, and I'm pretty sure some funny things would happen to the economy itself.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:16:28
Well I thought about it some, but I don't see those with large sums of money actualy *choosing* to switch to a system with demurrage. Even if the entire US decided to implement such a system, those with the most to lose would just switch their currency or holdings. How does one respond to this?
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:57:37
Value in scarcity? Making everyone else's coin more valuable doesn't really *seem* map well to the way that capital works today, especially with the warts of capital.
Consider what has happened to the Global South, with private interest and politically connections facilitating the acquisition of major utilities from the government. When capital flows uphill, people at the bottom are deprived. Very often, the owners of such capital seek to make their subjects dependent on the existence of continued exploitation, perpetuating the continual increase in wealth disparity. Saying "everyone's coin is worth more" doesn't really address the situation when the keepers of such a wallet are either lost or lose their wallet's key, because the flows of capital that were previously established before the loss of such access will leave the system in a previously uncharted state. Banks don't "lose" billions of dollars, at least for one reason: because the physical systems that guarantee the safety of money have "backup valves", or alternative measures to insure value to holders.
@_date: 2015-12-20 02:55:54
Imagine all the woes of having to pay a handful of chump change in whatever transaction fees accumulate due to coin flipping over 100 years. It would just be unbearable right?
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:08:00
Interesting, thanks.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:36:50
Right. A good idea, but not very amenable to the selfish human condition :(
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:02:06
| As to your inquiry about why bitcoins don't decay, I wouldn't count on it.
"I wouldn't count on it" doesn't answer why. It just addresses "whether" such a scheme could occur. You're not even posturing for a meaningful discussion either-I can predict the future about as well as anybody. Probably something similar to what I described will happen though.