@_author: enkelz
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:48:19
I up voted your dedication to the language. (And for the laugh at your ability to take grammar-nazi to the next level!)
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:58:18


Um... no, it is PR 101 and scam 101... Mr. Gaza is working on the victim angle... pretty soon, he'll have "insiders" who've turned against him and stolen all his money.


According to Mr. Gaza, there is nothing to forgive... he's just too stupid to answer questions, but smart enough that you should trust your money with him?  I can forgive the duped when they finally come out of their haze (or run out of money)... but, even the duped deserve what they get if they can read all the concerns being posted and still continue to support him.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:52:07
I hate to say it, but I agree with this. The current fanbase REALLY want to believe in his program, even against real concerns that have been posted. Eventually a few will become disenchanted and go to the authorities, but till that happens, he will continue to take advantage of people with limited critical thinking skills who are highly vulnerable to confirmation bias. There is no way to save them because they do not want to be saved.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:42:25
I think he should talk and provide a Q&amp;A... but, my guess is he will show up with a large entourage and talk from a scripted speech then 'have to run' before anyone can pin him in a corner. He needs his belief system to keep going. To not show up will be to admit that he's a fraud. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 04:06:03


you do know that, translated, that basically means without and hard data or facts to back it up, right?
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:23:48
Was reading over there. Yes, they have a strong co-dependency going on over there. Their pitch seems to be "we're helping the poor little miners get theirs" (so, I'm thinking that their victims are probably all young, like under the age of 30) who do not have much in the way of critical thinking skills or world experience to understand that they're being played. They've also set a price point that is definitely targeting younger victims. 
There's a lot of we versus them mentality. I read a lot of "all redditors are stooopid." And, there is a ton of deflecting going on. They ignore all legit questions and claim this thread has no questions. They deny that anyone has a cause to be concerned because those with concerns 'clearly don't understand it' (same way most conspiracies loop in their followers...). I also question how many of the posting accounts are in fact separate individuals. There are some definite almost shill like posts that nearly worship Josh and what he's doing.
I've seen these sorts of things over and over again... animal rescue has a lot of these personalities and the people who are brainwashed into the system of belief will not change their beliefs and will basically twist reality to conform as needed to fit their belief system. They will flat out ignore all offers of reality. People in this mode will literally deny that the sky is sometimes blue by saying... "oh, but at night it's black! so you are 100% wrong and don't know what you're talking about!" -- that is normal and especially more prevalent among young people.
So, this thread is almost nothing but a means for Josh to fine tune his schtick. Josh will basically continue to control them until an authority steps into the mix. For example, based on the fact that they seem to be in the US.
- Their 'funding rounds' (if they happened) don't seem to be compliant with SEC requirements. 
- The false advertisement of a 'floor' that has been proven to be fraudulent based on the current price. 
- The ponzi-like scheme where if you pay with your mined coins, you get double value back. This seems like a classic bookkeeping scheme to keep the pigeon on the hook and not demanding payout.
- The claims that are mathematically challenged. E.g. extreme levels of funding with no independent verification beyond sources within the company. That vendors will adopt their coin over bitcoin in the absence of processors. That they're mining but pool owners who hold accounts are not seeing mining activity?
There are a lot more. But, the fact is that until a victim goes to an agency with a complaint, the agencies are not going to look at them and Josh and his crew will continue to benefit from the fanbase that they've built up. It's sad for the fanbase, but no one on here is going to change their minds because they REALLY WANT to believe and to belong. NOBODY ever wants to admit that they've been duped and so they will actively twist reality to prevent having to admit that. This will continue to work to Josh's benefit.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:35:51
I can't agree more with the go to the SEC, FCC, and local FBI. 
For your company, you can engage independent auditors to generate reports on your system and provide evidence of your corporate registration with required authorities. Even provide discussion of authorities that you found yourself to not be required to register with.
@_date: 2015-01-04 07:48:07
From reading over there, there are 50,000 hashtalkers who are sharpening their pitch forks to come over here and have at us at any time now... they're goal is to get at least 10% to come here.. so that's 500 posters to flood this thread?
Further evidence that that forum is probably only a few real people, many of whom hold multiple accounts. How can 50,000 people see their furor being dissed like this and not respond?  Um, cause they probably don't actually exist. I've seen approx 3 obvious pro-posts here (and that's including the 'lets forgive and move forward' as one of them)... 
I'd say the "millions" of sales, and 10s of thousands of devotees, he has been claiming is a bunch of flat out bunk. Would sure suck to be one of his funders at this point, as they've been as duped as his user community.
Watch the community for the next round of "Don't go over there and give them the satisfaction!" so that they can claim that they intentionally decided to to support this grand and glorious coin that they worship.
@_date: 2015-01-04 03:48:09


When the USD has too many in circulation, the value drops. That's called inflation (e.g. a $2 loaf of bread now costs $3). It's entirely normal. No one thinks Japan is going to fall off the globe when the Yen value against the dollar drops.
On the other hand, when I started getting emails from friends in this last holiday credit card theft season... one friend actually had charges against a card she'd used at an online retailer and is now working through all that shit... I was able to say that I'd done all my purchases by bitcoin and had already deleted my credit card from retailer accounts, so wasn't so worried.  But, all those friends have now spent a day gong through all their accounts changing passwords.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:59:19
For all we know, the account is held by Mr. Gaza who has quite a few hundred thousand reasons to not "wake up and get out".
@_date: 2015-01-04 04:57:37
Just posted same thing... he's really following a typical psychopath approach and this thread is more to fine tune his reality twisting process than to answer questions. If I'm right, he will come out the victim in all of this. The sad part is that a psychopath does not have the ability to change, so no matter what is promised... unless you're getting your coins bought out in BTC or USD immediately... there will be no appreciable change going forward.
Since he made factual claims that (hopefully) there are screen captures to prove... the victims should be using this thread to build up a class action law suit.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:38:22
PLUEEEZZZEEE.... Scientology has far more credibility!
@_date: 2015-01-04 04:50:57
you know you're really coming off like a psychopath who's just trolling to see what needs to be smoothed to further your scam. None of your answers have had any 'reality' in them... just more promises and, of course, you're now setting yourself up as the 'victim'. This is classic psychopath modality.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:31:01
You're going at this all wrong. 
Look at the email scams that are so poorly written. People often say "why don't they at least TRY to make them well written and more believable?" The reason they don't is that the email itself sorts out the people who are not likely to be able to be scammed for money. If someone responds the the email scam, they've already put themselves into a pool of people who are more easily duped and who lack critical thinking skills.
So, I would argue that his approach is appropriate for revenue generation and that seems to be the goal.
@_date: 2015-01-04 06:54:15
Because the tweet that said he wasn't answering on here was because he was going to collect it all and answer at one time had a reference back to his hashtalk forum. So, apparently, he can't even come to reddit to tell reddit that he's not going to answer any questions after all. instead he posts that on HIS forum and has another "user" tweet it out for him.
@_date: 2015-01-04 07:11:36
I'm very new to reading about this venture, but if you have details that are solid, you should contact the authorities and provide it to them. 
For example, if they moved over $10k in funds (even if the funds were denominated in BTC) from their company to the other company without the appropriate documentation (anti-money laundering docs), then that would violate banking regulations.
I've only seen them claim funding rounds in a video. BUT, if they executed those funding rounds w/out SEC registration, that is against SEC regulations. (for example, the $10/coin purchasers needed to be qualified investors meaning that they have over a specific personal net worth).
What will help the bitcoin community most will be to get this cancer excised from the community as quickly as possible. BUT, without a drug angle and being that they're probably only duping individuals for money (something every bank in the US also does)... the agencies are not going to look hard until someone hands them some hard facts to start with.
@_date: 2015-01-04 07:42:00
Wonder what the SEC thinks about a intentional manipulation of a traded commodity?  Worse, seems like a Corporate Darwinism to post the intent to manipulate prices even before you begin.
@_date: 2015-01-04 07:03:55
TIL thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-04 07:16:04
Can you post proof of these transactions?  This is interesting. So, it would mean that he used the URL shuffle to pull out several hundred thousand dollars for himself?
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:50:54
coindl links to bitmint for physical items and bitmit has big banner saying they're about to be sold and get your coins out. I wonder if condl is also going to be sold or change hands?  right now, their menu says there are 120 books, but only about 40 actually display when i go to that submenu item.
coinbase looks like it has potential.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:19:03
They wouldn't be related. I was talking about accepting USD via Dwolla payments. 
Now, I'm just looking for a way to accept bitcoin payments. I see someone else has posted about "BitPay" below and am off to look at that.
But, thanks for the warning. I'll be sure not to link any bitcoin accounts to the dwolla account.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:34:40
Thanks! I'm working through their web site sign up now.
