@_author: enlightenedhunter
@_date: 2015-01-16 07:51:08
So, here's the deal. Karpuzo was running the SL 1, along with several or single "partner(s)". They were making good money for quiet some time. Tor was created and run by Cia as were the major 'anony' email providers used by merchants and customers. Secret service of foreign country have deeply infiltrated the network, and tipped off US authorities. Operation was handed over to fbi. Fbi got karpuzo, but allowed him to freely operate for a long time, collecting vendor info and all channels. Karpuzo used SL funds to aquire Mt gox, turning it into btc exhange to launder huge number of drug money. Bit instant and dwolla were in on the fun. Karpuzo laundered millions of $ for the feds, who were the major vendors on SL. As trading on Mt gox Intensified, Karpuzo was made an offer he could not refuse. Feds set up bots on Mt gox servers to inflate the btc price. Spread increased to $200 vs other exchanges. Karpuzo received protection and Pardone from the feds in return for some bitcoins. Karpuzo let the feds get hold of close to 800k btc in return for his freedom. Feds and other interest group now had power to control illiquid btc market pricing. At critical points derived by quants and technical analysts they would dump critical amounts of btc to crash the price. Only reason karpeles is alive today is because feds got his back. He stole mafia money and handed it to feds, claiming gox was hacked. He walked. Before shit hit the fan ulbright was brought into the picture as a scapegoat for public trial to cover up federal drug operation and blamed hackers on federal confiscation of over 800k btc. They will keep driving the price lower by dumping Mt gox stolen coins into the market at critical levels. This will allow other interest groups to take control of btc supply. Very clever operation. Truth has a tendency to surface, like shit in water. Cheers
@_date: 2015-01-16 16:00:53
Karpeles paid off the feds 800k btc to walk and get protection from mafia he took the money from. The only reason he's still alive. Feds are using these funds to drop the btc price for the past year by wiping the bid at critical levels...they want to tak control of btc supply. Bitstamp was also their op.