@_author: enoet
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:41:59
Which is why RBF-SE makes zero difference there. If you're trusting your friend or family or coworker to send you BTC, it would propagate instantly just the same, with or without scorched earth.
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:49:15
If your friends, family and coworkers are scamming you out of BTC, you have much bigger problems than scorched earth.
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:26:51


Agreed completely. It's a tragedy of the commons, which is why the cost of running a full node needs a strict governance body to keep its cost down. Even Gavin's BIP is designed to protect the individual's ability to run a full node on home desktop computers. The question is, if desktop full nodes are that important, why shouldn't we drive the costs down as low as possible so that full nodes replace SPV in the long run?
@_date: 2015-07-25 22:20:56
By burning BTC, you're provably increasing the scarcity of everyone else's BTC, and hence everyone who holds BTC benefits from your donation.
Proof of burn increases the value of all BTC uniformly, so it's actually the perfect form of donating.
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:23:13
Without decentralization, Bitcoin is no longer a policy neutral fixed supply global currency and is hence utterly worthless and uninteresting.
You're conflating *payment rails* with a fixed supply global policy neutral currency outside the financial system. It's possible to do payments and some degree of cold storage over [perpetual payment channels]( without ever touching the blockchain.


Endless numbers of people are quoting Satoshi's opinion from half a decade ago on this matter. His most trusted experts, those being the current core developers, certainly contend differently. In short, you're just speculating that Satoshi's opinion has remained unchanged over the years, appealing to authority in place of arguing on merit.


Bitcoin was launched as a desktop application for Windows. So far, the desktop full node modus operandi is the only working model we know of for full node adoption. Gavin's BIP is meant for it to always be feasible to run full nodes on home desktop, so nearly everyone in this debate agrees that desktop full nodes are important. The people who foolishly believe differently are the ones "out of their depth" in this discussion.


They're the de-facto governing body because they're the experts. If you were an expert, you too could be a part.
@_date: 2015-07-26 00:14:51
Are you *trying* to defend scammers who juice pre-sales figures with inflated trade volumes? "Wow guys, I can't believe they sold $2,000,000 worth in an hour, this must be the next Bitcoin".
Like the other poster, I too believe the numerous Proof of Stake aka "send the dev team all your money and you'll get this token we created out of thin air" launches are inherently scams. It should be obvious to anyone with a brain why creating money out of nothing with no company, and then selling pseudo-shares in the scarequote "product" is highly shady. It bears an uncanny resemblance to MLM, while somehow managing to be at least 10 times sketchier.
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:47:07


1. says the idea is for folks to keep [perpetual Lightning channels]( open to do free and instant payments.
2. Do you mean to say non-competitors like Ripple, Stellar, and altcoins with little to no adoption outside of mindless speculators will put meaningful downward pressure on the fee preferences of billions of users? Do you mean to say toy altcoins with pitiful liquidity, and pitiful infrastructure mostly stolen from Bitcoin's codebase, that are utterly uninteresting and useless will have any effect on the market whatsoever?
Do you mean to say the fee level of fucking DOGE puts a "ceiling" on the fee people are willing to pay to use an actual *working* currency?
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:50:31


[Burn Baby Burn! - Compiling all Bitcoin burn addresses](


I'm reading this as you'd rather a centralized charity gain wealth, prestige and influence than provably increase the scarcity of all other BTC.


Starting with the owners of the charity. They gain wealth, influence and prestige at the expense of the donors, who at best gain some peace of mind and tax benefits. Whatever the charity is, the process is going to be far more political than spreading your BTC donation to all BTC holders.
@_date: 2015-07-24 07:33:48
+1000. What does Bitcoin make possible that can't be accomplished with a standard stock issuance? That's where Bitcoin's value starts to shine.
I'm thinking a global lottery or blackjack game could be coded into the blockchain. No NASDAQ to worry about who controls which shares either.
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:55:47


So turns out this is called a Bitcoin IPO, and it is *much* better for the guys launching the IPO than the investors in that IPO, especially since for most of these coin offerings there is no company or a shady company who is literally making money out of nothing, as per Ethereum which literally decided the "price" of pre-mined ETH by decree and then sold it to the public.


So you contend the alchemist would explain to the IRS why he had a zero basis even though he clearly spent $10k to obtain the gold?
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:06:07
The parallel isn't digging for gold, and then destroying it. That wasn't his point. His point is spending $10k digging for gold is *the same thing* as lighting $10k on fire and magically receiving gold. You're either a miner expending $10k on mining equipment, or an alchemist expending $10k by burning it in some ceremony. The alchemist and the miner have the same cost basis and the same end result: gold. It's not rocket science.
@_date: 2015-07-24 07:59:51


Clear red herring. Obviously no large BTC holder, and I count Greg among this group, wants Bitcoin to be insignificant. Why would anyone want their investment to tank? The question is what's the right balance. Isn't the necessary block size determined in large part by new technology like Lightning and sidechains? Perpetually open payment channels over LN could very well serve billions of people.
These billions of people would get the same pseudonymous, private trustless form of cash you have, although since they have little to no savings, they wouldn't necessarily have a Trezor. said the idea is to create [perpetual lightning channels]( for folks.
Without decentralization, Bitcoin wouldn't be a policy neutral asset class that lives outside the financial system. Without that, Bitcoin is completely worthless and uninteresting.