@_author: enqueued
@_date: 2018-01-04 21:51:37
Hush you loon.
@_date: 2018-01-03 07:33:54
not almost. exactly
@_date: 2017-12-01 08:08:33
Well not only because it was the first one but because it has the greatest claim to being truly decentralized. There's no creator to turn to make appeals to authority. That's why it's been so difficult to update the protocol.
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:45:23
Hyperinflation and the massive transfer of wealth to HODLers on an unimaginable scale.
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:39:04
What do you mean?
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:56:08
You mean &lt;1% gain every day for two years.
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:01:53
Yeah. I didn't think you were. I just like to try to get people realize how diverse this space is. And that although its a movement, it's also just people with their own opinions who work together mostly just cause they feel like it.
No worries.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:58:19
I'm not OP.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:28:28
Why would we sell?
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:12:01
What is the significance of the tolerance for downward volatility being of a greater percentage than the tolerance for upward volatility? Does it imply a liklihood for these future to be oriented towards price suppression?
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:22:04
We don't so much need geniuses as men of integrity. I respect Satoshi for his integrity in remaining anonymous and disappearing as much as (if not more) for his genius.
@_date: 2017-12-01 08:00:22
Depends on what you mean. I believe Bitcoin has a decent chance of becoming something of an international standard for wealth preservation sort of like gold or real estate is today.
Anybody that thinks Bitcoin by itself will be some sort of universal currency is probably delusional. I could imagine a Bitcoin-derivative backed by Bitcoin but existing in a second or third layer on top of Bitcoin, possibly analogous to fractional reserve banking but better because btc and btc' or btc'' will be easily distinguishable (unlike with traditional fractional reserve banking).
@_date: 2017-12-03 09:07:21
But I like scaremongering. ��
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:29:07
Not quite regardless of what happens. But yeah that's generally the plan.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:45:49
Today I learned.
EDIT: are you saying there's a million btc in one public key? That's one hell of a bounty for ECC.
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:16:42
OK. I see. So it's 13% up - 7% down. What you wrote  does makes more sense if I read it that way. Oops.
@_date: 2017-12-06 11:52:56
Yes, but that's also true of Bill Gates with respect to Microsoft stock, Jeff Bezos with respect to Amazon stock, be and Warren Buffet with respect to Berkshire Hathaway.
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:55:00
How do you figure that the United States ended in 1865?
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:26:26
I understood that you were referring to the lightning network.
What I mean is that the lightning network isn't a person, it's a technology. It considers nothing because as technology it doesn't have thoughts of its own. I would imagine that the people that work on that technology all have their own personal visions, which probably differ significantly, so phrasing the question the way that you did is a bit misleading in my opinion. Grammar aside it assumes there is 'a vision'. Everybody has their own agenda.
I'm not an expert in what is made possible by the lightning network or how, but if what I've heard is true, then what you propose, at least with crypto-to-crypto atomic swaps is at least technically feasible. Whether or not it will happen and what sort of ecosystem that will develop is anyone's best guess. Personally I think that the lightning network and the atomic swaps it enables will ultimately have the effect of magnifying the network effects of already powerful cryptos, while also increasing exposure to less-known ones. I believe money is monopolistic and attached to people's ability to ascribe value to it. So I think it's more likely that the lightning network will strengthen the hegemony of currently major cryptocurrencies rather than causing/encouraging people to segment themselves into smaller communities. (I think that's what you're asking?)
I do think obfuscation of the sources of money in order to achieve practical anonymity will be a major usecase of the lightning network. I've heard people speculate about--and I find quite likely--that people rinse their traceable BTC/LTC/ETH/XRP/XRB/IOTA through coins with strong anonymity like XMR and then back out into whatever currency they choose in order to get the benefits of both BTC (hegemony/liquidity) and XMR (anonymity) at a significanly reduced cost (relative to now). 
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:38:03
I believe you mean the world wide web. People often confuse the web and the internet. The internet is about 50(?) Years old. The web is a bit older than you say.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:09:08
Incorrect. You have to pay a capital gains tax on the 10,000 USD appreciation. You also have to pay a sales tax.
It's the same as if you withdrew to USD  (capital gains). And then bought a car with an unrelated pile of 15,000 USD you just happened to have lying around.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:11:02
Bullshit. Bitcoin was not intended or designed to facilitate tax evasion. Try Monero.
Bitcoin was designed to create good money with a transparent and unalterable monetary policy.
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:49:01
Who is lightning?
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:31:18
They may be acting economically rationally according to incentives which are not expressed through the onchain signaling of to fees. For example a popular exchange like Coinbase could contract a mining company like Slush or F2Pool to prioritize their txs even when the txs include lower fees. Coinbase could pay for such a privilege offchain in cash or favors such as feeless trading on gdax or whatnot.
I'm not accusing anybody in particular of this behavior but given the unpredictability of the fee rate it wouldn't at all surprise me.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:24:09
Taxes. If you want those sweet long-term capital gains tax rates you need to wait a year before selling.
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:57:24
It's sad but I think that this might actually be true.
@_date: 2017-12-06 20:16:58
Why after the war? What event or act signifies this transition in particular?
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:11:09




Then your thinking is unjustifiably narrow. Satoshi was human(s) just like everyone else. I think it most likely that he was an academic cypherpunk. He probably maintained anonymity in keeping with that subculture. But it's entirely possible that while he hoped Bitcoin would take off he didn't actually expect or prepare for it to.


That's a fair point. But that only proves that he had access to the funds he sent. It's entirely possible he did a test to ensure that everything worked and then switched to sending coinbase to random keys although I agree this is unlikely.
The point is we just don't know. And I don't see the point in pretending that we do.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:22:46
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:00:53
I have an old smart phone which I use as a backup. I factory reset the phone and use it to take a picture of the QR code.
I then scan the QR code into Authenticator on my active phone from the screen of the backup phone rather than from my computer screen. That way I've both backed the QR code and verified that the backup works.
I name the QR code pic file on my backup phone appropriately so that I remember what account is associated with, when I created it, etc. so that I can label the Auth entries properly when I rescan the backup.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:46:00
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:41:42
We don't know the he has them because we don't know that he has or ever had access to them.
For all we know he could have had a miner set to send the coinbase tx to a random address. Or he could have died. Or he could have lost/destroyed his computer/hard drive like so many others who didn't expect Bitcoin to become as popular as it did.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:02:05
This is not quite accurate.
[Deuteronomy 23:19] forbids Israelite's from charging each other interest.
The Church interpreted this to mean also for Christians that they ought not to charge each other interest either. In medieval Europe where the Church basically dictated moral and occasionally legal codes, this meant that Christian couldn't lend to Christians at interest. But since Jews weren't considered 'countrymen' they were excluded from this prohibition and were allowed to lend at interest to Christians.
This is actually the origin of the 'Jews are greedy' stereotype. And its interesting because, in practice, it ended up being Christians screwing each other through Jewish proxies more often than not.
@_date: 2018-09-10 22:02:36
source/reference supporting this claim? Or data from which you derived it?
@_date: 2018-05-13 20:22:25


No one is ever forced to buy Bitcoin. What's your point?
My point is that the system backed by the IMF is predatory even if its apparently consensual. Many nations that the IMF gave loans to probably should have gone bankrupt rather than compromise on the services they provide their citizens or privatizing important national resources.
Bitcoin is consensual in the same way that the IMF is consensual. But it is not predatory in the same way that the IMF is predatory. Therefore Bitcoin is better.
@_date: 2018-05-13 19:15:44


I disagree. Satoshi hasn't fucked anyone over and has (if he even can) chosen not to monetize the Bitcoin he 'awarded himself' over many years and also turned down the fame/notoriety/influence that might have come with revealing himself.
The IMF has fucked many people and nations over again and again with structured debt and austere demands.
Satoshi is much more trustworthy than the IMF. And he requires much less trust at that.
@_date: 2018-05-14 20:09:41
As far as I'm aware it's the main argument. People talk about Bitcoin being used as cash and forget that it was made in the wake of the 2008 credit bubble bursting: excessive speculation on bad debt led to foreclosures which caused banks to nearly collapse. The banks were extended credit to keep them afloat. The reason that worked was because people had no one else to turn to, so they essentially had to stay with the banks regardless of their demonstrated poor management/judgment/credit.
If Bitcoin becomes an easily accessible \(and seizure\-proof\) safe\-haven asset, especially one which is capitalized on a scale relevant to central and large banks \(on the order of magnitude of a trillion dollars\) then there might be a point after which it makes sense for central banks to de\-risk into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-14 17:54:47
good bot. Turing would be proud.
@_date: 2018-08-14 17:55:53
lol. I WIN.
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:59:42
Who in the market gives BTC values? In the short-term? In the long-term?
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:23:23
If implemented naively that would be the ultimate centralization of mining.
You're idea would be nice if someone could figure out how to do it, but AFAIK nobody has.
@_date: 2017-02-22 21:33:02
The Winklevoss twins want to run (be the backing entity for) an [ETF]( They asked the SEC for permission. The SEC postponed. Then postponed again. And again. Fortunately there are rules which require them to give a straightforward yes or no decision or it gets approved by default by a certain date. That date is March 11.
I'm not sure that means that trading will begin on March 12. I think that the petition to the SEC for a rule change for the BATS exchange which will allow their ETF to be traded on that exchange. It's not clear to me exactly what that means; I'm not an expert in SEC regulation or how exchanges are structured. But people seem to be interpreting it to mean that approval (or no decision by March 11) will result in a Bitcoin-backed ETF being traded on a major US stock exchange.
I won't speculate about specific price targets. But if the ETF is approved, I think everybody expects their to be a bull run. I think that people are so comfortable with this expectation that even if there is no appreciable difference in fundamentals a bull run will still take place. And there might be some premature ~~ejaculation~~ speculation resulting in a bull run starting in full swing even *before* the decision is announced or the timer has run down to 0.
But people are rightfully skeptical. A lot of people don't think it will happen. Please don't make investment decisions based on my advice.
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:07:29
As I'm sure many have already said and will continue to say:
        **If you don't control the keys then it's not your bitcoin**. In cryptocurrency land private keys = money.
 Storate/Usage Options:
  - **Paper Wallet/Cold Storage**. If you generate, print and store a paper wallet *offline* this is as secure as you can possibly get--assuming that your use the tools below properly and that your printer is offline and 'dumb', that is doesn't save backups of print jobs after they've finished. Private key is stored (encrypted so that an accidental scan of the QR code doesn't result in theft; encryption password can be written down on a folded piece of paper if you like) along with the address generally in both plaintext and QR code form. NOTE: since private key = money, **the moment you scan/redeem the paper wallet into software of any kind, you have immediately lost all the security benefits of a paperwallet.** This probably fine because you should only scan the private keys when you are spending the address in its entirety. Do not reuse addresses.
  - **Hardwallet: Trezor, Ledger, Keepkey** Hardwallets ideally are equivalent in security to paper wallets. But because you also have to trust the creators/developers not to insert back-doors they are marginally less verifiably secure. In a hardwallet the private key is generated on the wallet and (In my opinion Trezor is the best hardwallet because it has the smallest attack surface. But they're all commendable and usability will vary depending on usecase.)
  - **Software wallet**. These wallets run on a computer. At some point your private key is in memory. You need to trust these wallets to handle your money--analogy would be a bank teller. Unless your a programmer you can't verify (yourself) the trustworthiness of these wallets you can only rely on the consensus of the crowd. Do that as little as possible. Crowds are often untrustworthy. If you're wise you won't let your bank teller become your bank. If you use hardware wallets then you have strict control over any spends the teller can do on your behalf. All following are subcategories.
    - **Full node vs Light node**. Full nodes have processed, themselves, locally, all bitcoin blocks. If you run a full node you don't have to trust anybody (except the people who wrote the code, the people who wrote your OS, and possibly any other software you have running at the same time or on the same computer depending on the platform -&gt; use paper/hardware wallets for longterm storage). But since full nodes require a decent amount of bandwith and storage most people use light/thin nodes. (Some people call them SPV but those don't exist. it's complicated but it's effectively synonymous most of the time). Light nodes trust other full nodes somewhere as to what the global state of the network is -&gt; whether or not your funds have been spent, your balance, etc.
    - **Core vs Unlimited**. I don't think I'm biased but many would consider me to be. Do you own research. Don't trust dictators or mobs. Only trust people who can give you coherent detailed answers without hand-waving. (I'm not always one of those people).
  - **Online wallet**: Basically, don't use these. If the specific online wallet transmits your private key over the internet at any time then they are equivalent to a bank. Only use them if you trust them more than you trust your bank--banks are regulated. (Hint: you don't trust them that much). If you have a smartphone there's not really any benefit to using an online wallet as opposed to having one on your phone.
 Useful tools:
  - [tails](
  - [bitkey](
 Addresses/Privacy
  - **What is a wallet?** A wallet is an abstraction that contains one or more bitcoin addresses. As far as the bitcoin protocol goes only bitcoin addresses exist. Wallets only exist from users' perspective. You can send money to and from bitcoin addresses. Nobody can use the money in an address but the person(s) who has the private key corresponding to that address. This is the sole proof of control of funds. Nobody can help you if you lose/share your private key or the means of generating your private key.
  - **Why do some wallets use more than address?** It's bad to reuse addresses. 1) It allow's third parties analyzing the public blockchain (the permanent record of all bitcoin transactions) to correlate your financial activity. If any third party (gov't, corp, hacker, "adversary") can link any single transaction to you, they now have a complete record of all the transactions you ever made.
  - **So bitcoin isn't private?** No. Bitcoin isn't private. It's one of the most public things ever created. You do have pseudoanonymity which means that there is knows your name based upon the addresses you use (until you tell them). But with every reuse of an address it becomes easier to pin it down to a particular person. In response to this wallets use many addresses. In the old days these were unrelated. Now, we have hierarchical deterministic wallets.
  - **Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets**. You write down a 12/18/24 word list. Your private keys are generated from this. Each address is only used once as input and once as output. This is very good for many reasons.
I personally recommend an HD wallet such as electrum (desktop) or mycelium (android) secured by a hardwallet. If you have funds in excess of $200 it might be worth it to buy a hardwallet. If you are storing funds long-term or indefinitely you should definitely be using a paperwallet (free) or a hardwallet+HD wallet (easy to use).
@_date: 2017-02-02 19:41:54
I agree that his insults are distasteful but can you honestly argue with the fact that the goal post has moved?
Segwit is the compromise. B.U. is politically motivated dissent. Which may or may not be appropriate. But anybody who support B.U. for technical reasons is being deceived, unless they are motivated by a desire for increased centralization of miners and full nodes.
Most pitiable of all are people who claim to support both segwit and B.U, who are unable for whatever reason to see that the two are not equivalent in terms of technical improvements and (sadly for political reasons) are almost certainly mutually exclusive.
EDIT: FTR I don't support B.U. under any circumstances. I'm sad that people who support B.U are (some of them) inadvertently opposing segwit by rallying with people who for either economic or political reasons oppose segwit. I'm sad that we're in this political mess. I'm not sad that segwit and B.U. won't both happen. I think segwit is, on its own merits, technically justifiable and B.U. isn't.
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:39:19
Democracy? Where'd you get the idea bitcoin was a democracy? No. Bitcoin is a democratic anarchy.
EDIT: Sorry posted stuff in my buffer by accident
@_date: 2017-02-05 05:06:38
I'm more than willing to talk to them. And do so quite frequently. But the problem is that what they propose is technically infeasible in the long term. And when you point that out most of them either distract from it in various ways or shut down and disappear.
If they're willing to acknowledge the problems with B.U. that can be demonstrated by technical analysis (not mine necessarily; I'm not quite so expert) then we can move forward with a technical discussion.
But the thing is from a lot of B.U. people I don't get the sense they really actually want to talk. I certainly get the sense that they feel condescended upon. And maybe that's why, but I don't get the sense that they really want to have a technical discussion. They want to have a political discussion. Maybe that's easier for them to engage with and understand rather than trust that other people know what they're talking about or spend the time to build that understanding in themselves.
@_date: 2017-02-02 19:19:01
**Bitcoin is already on its way to become a limited backbone** with or without a layer 2 system on top of it. And rather than fix that **thoughtless larger block solutions move us decisively in that direction** by increasing the cost of running a full node to the point where it is prohibitively expensive for average users even in fairly wealthy countries. Worse B.U. actually incentivizes a process whereby larger miners gradually increase the block size to lock out much smaller miners, leading over time inevitably to extreme centralization.
B.U and larger blocker's who refuse progress towards layer 2 solutions put us increasingly on the path to a bitcoin that you can't use without 3rd parties because nobody but medium-to-large companies can justify the expense of running their own full node. 
@_date: 2017-02-20 01:28:04
Banks generally don't like bitcoin because it represents fundamentally a threat to their business model. If everyone you knew and everywhere you shopped used and accepted bitcoin would you still spend and save and invest in cash and via banks?
Apart from the existential threat, they are also burdened by extensive reporting requirements. They are required to report transactions exceeding a certain size ($10k) or series of transactions designed to circumvent that reporting requirement. Also since the Patriot Act banks are also required to report any "suspicious activity".
All this comes together to mean that since the bank can't effectively trace your money after it enters Bitcoin-land they probably report the transfer to the Gov. If they don't they run the risk of being blamed for facilitating money laundering or funding terrorism or any morally vacuous claim the government may bring against you. (I say this because the government often requires very little to bring these charges and then places the burden disportionately on you to disprove them.)
Now consider Bitcoin again. No one can freeze your money. No one can demand you explain how it moves before you can use it. It's yours first and if anyone wants to get at it they have to go through you. That's very powerful and directly antithetical to bank's business/psychological model.
Hope I was helpful. :). But yeah. Secrecy isn't a sign of criminality or badness, it's a sign that other people might not be OK with what your doing. But really, that's their problem. Personally, I can attest to the importance of knowing how banks generally feel about bitcoin and acting appropriately. I got my first and only call from my banks' "fraud" department after I started buying from coinbase. Because if I was robbed, they would definitely move the funds to coinbase. lol
@_date: 2017-02-06 17:16:39
But it did materialize. If BU was justified before because segwit didn't exist. Well segwit exists now...


Wrong about what precisely?
@_date: 2017-02-10 03:05:24
At this point I wouldn't mind that. The miner's are pissing me off. But I expect that most of the large pools could operate at a loss for quite a while before they would be forced out of business. And even if they do there's enough people watching bitcoin that someone would pick up the slack and expand into that profit opportunity that I'm not very worried about such a drop in the difficulty.
@_date: 2017-02-20 01:34:35
Downvoted. Community exists so people can ask questions. If you think his question is inappropriate then downvote it. Telling him to "Google it" adds nothing to the conversation and is one of my pet peeves.
@_date: 2017-02-02 20:09:07


The problem with looking at it that way is that you fail to acknowledge the actual technical reasons the throughput is and continues to be low. If after having gone through all the technical details and facts and reasoning about the trade-offs and options you oppose what core is doing then sure replace them immediately and with prejudice. But making this a PR or reputation-based problem makes it more difficult not less to move forward.
The way bitcoin has worked since the beginning is that people contribute work, they expend intellectual effort and they're rewarded with reputation and trust. When they abuse that trust it goes away and people don't run the software they write. But the measure of that trust can't be their trustworthiness; that's circular. It has to be the things they actually do, the code they actually write.
My problem with this blocksize/scaling debate is that its become far too much about people and their motivations rather than simply being about technology. If you have a problem with core then talk and, yes, complain, loudly even, about the technical problems with the direction they're going in or with the code that they're writing/testing/publishing. But don't make this about their intentions or reputation. That's just spreading FUD which leads to populism not reasoned consideration.
An aside: (I often hear people say things like, we can't let segwit pass because then there won't be enough pressure to rest power from Core. But what they admit when they say that is that Core is *right now* producing code that fixes real and pressing problems. And that if that code were accepted by the community the discord would lessen. So essentially they're attacking the Core based on problems with their long-term trustworthiness not rooted in the actual usefulness/timeliness of the code they propose/publish. I'm not saying everyone who supports B.U. is like this but certainly enough to be revealing--or confusing.)
@_date: 2017-02-05 02:00:05


As it stands in order to "cooperate" all a person need to do is use bitcoin software as its written and they will never attack the network. The network is stable by the passive assent of participants (people) to the rules. In order to attack the network malicious actors need to go through the effort of generating new software allowing malicious behavior. There can be no confusion about the motivations of such.
 B.U. (client/proposal) changes that to require that "honest" participants actively change their settings to avoid behavior that is indistinguishable from an attack on the network. **It builds into what would be the default software the possibility that an "honest" participant in the network behaves maliciously not because he is malicious but because he is incompetent or oblivious.** This is a serious problem. This is not something to be waved away. Even if I trusted that the miner's would act in their own best interest as you've nebulously defined. I don't necessarily trust that they are competent to do so in the manner that B.U. (client/proposal) requires them to.
Someone asking me to support B.U. (client/proposal) isn't asking me to trust that everyone will allow their software to enforce the rules (whichever set they feel they agreed to) because it's in their self-interest. They're asking me to trust that everyone will actively and consciously direct their software to behave in a manner that prevents the network from breaking because it's in their self-interest. **This is a change from a system stable because people passively accept/enforce the rules to an system which requires the active willingness and capability of its participants to successfully renegotiate the rules in order to survive.** That ends in an extremely fragile system because *people are unpredictable*.
Now that I think of it B.U. (client/proposal) doesn't shift control from Core (devs) to the B.U. (devs). More it shifts control from Core (client) to the miners (people). And I don't think they're competent/ready to accept that burden. And I don't think they even really understand what a burden/responsibility that is going to turn out to be.
So I apologize for the condescending metaphor.  But I don't trust children to get themselves to school (generally) because learning is in their long-term interest. I trust that they won't leave school after I drop them off because that requires the active effort of evading the teachers and administrators. (The school staff in this metaphor is the software not Core (devs) lest you might be tempted to interpret it that way.) 


I'll grant you Core could improve their decision making system. They could be more coherent and responsive and even-handed. But any willingness to consider changing the way Core works to a B.U. (devs) styled approach to governance is dead in the water if its coupled with the nonsense that is the blocksize consensus method in B.U (client). And its tragic that people seem to think we can only switch to a better governance model if its coupled with this nonsense. Because that reveals either a deep misunderstanding about how much power Core actually has or a deep lack of confidence in the B.U. governance structure to compete with Core's credibility on its own merit.
@_date: 2017-02-22 21:54:01
No problem. But if you sue me for not benefiting from my advice. I'll just point out that part of my advice was not to follow my advice so by following my advice you actually didn't follow my advice. At this point I would advise you not to respond. That would definitely be inadvisable. I like giving advice a bit too much. (It's a-vice :)
@_date: 2017-02-03 17:32:01
Being disenchanted with Core isn't equivalent to being ready to choose suicide (B.U.).
@_date: 2017-02-02 19:07:43


This is not fact-based. Bitcoin as-it-is is increasingly centralized and limited. It is increasingly not peer-to-peer. Because that would require people to run full nodes and to verify for themselves that the network rules are being followed. Segwit makes that problem easier to deal with. B.U. makes that problem harder to deal with.


Bitcoin was created and nurtured by cyperpunk and libertarian/anarchist ideologues. There's not going to be a compromise. There's either going to be agreement about the best technical solution or there's going to be a fork.
Any "compromise" which compromises bitcoins long-term stability and security such as B.U. will be rejected out of hand. This may or may not be wise but it's the way that it's going to be. Mark my words.
When people make this about people and companies and not about objective technical details they obscure the actual problems that bitcoin is facing.
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:18:12
Bitcoin Unlimited adds a mechanism to bitcoin consensus requiring nodes to negotiate the blocksize. But they do this negotiation needs to happen before the block is created so that miner's don't create blocks most people won't accept.
If more the 51% largest miners collaborate to rise their settings so high that the bottom 49% can't accommodate the increase, then they've locked out nearly half their competition and improved their profits... and increased centralization unacceptably.
The incentives are simply to strong to believe that this won't happen if BU becomes dominant.
Another attack would be to patch the software to falsely signal support for large blocks then refuse to acknowledge any large blocks that other people create.
@_date: 2017-02-02 19:16:43


I disagree. I've seen plenty of people saying exactly that. Core should be opposed for no other reason but that they're Core and must be opposed. I don't see how that type of philosophy leads to a stable equilibrium. Either there will be a (likely many) controversial hard-fork or Bitcoin Unlimited will become almost precisely what core is (albeit likely less well-thought out and more dysfunctional) or there will be endless fracture in development goals and direction/support which will lead to a breakdown of consensus and the failure of the bitcoin experiment.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:17:58
If Segwit activates on Litecoin but not on Bitcoin, and especially if Bitcoin Unlimited every becomes dominant or causes a hard fork, I expect Litecoin may appreciate very quickly.
@_date: 2017-02-06 17:21:40
What happens when a few miners accidentally hard fork because they aren't paying close enough attention to their BU settings.
Let's say they notice after an hour or a day or a week. How long do you think it would take for them to have invested enough into the fork that they're willing to just say, "fuck it. let's pretend like this is what we meant to do." To do otherwise would be to throw away the the operating cost over the time they forked. It may or may not be the economical choice--but sunk costs are a powerful psychological force.
@_date: 2017-02-07 21:03:36
Same could be said if the plan is to reject the proposal. Either they haven't made up their mind yet or they're timing the market. Although I'm not quite sure what the latter means for the SEC.
@_date: 2017-02-05 02:14:03
A mechanism for larger blocks must be accompanied by a mechanism by relieving the pressure to create larger blocks. We must avoid a situation where the block size gets pushed to 1GB because its the only implemented (agreed upon) way to increase tps to match demand. That's would be a slow march to bitcoin's death and I fear that's what B.U. is going to cause like if it achieves dominance.
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:32:30
People (me) like trezor because it has a screen, keys are generated on the device and never leave it except at the very beginning when you backup your word list (the seed for you private keys). After that your private keys never leave the device in any form so physical ownership of the trezor (+ PIN + Passphrase if enabled) = control of funds.
I'm not as familiar with Ledger but I heard once that depending on the model you buy the seed may be transmitted to a desktop (outside). Meaning it requires a trusted set up. This may or may not be acceptable to you. The upside is many people consider Ledger more usable than Trezor and more actively developed (They support more altcoins).
@_date: 2017-02-03 17:34:04
Fair. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
@_date: 2017-02-15 20:23:00
In actuality, core has no ability to force the miners or the users of Bitcoin to change. They can only produce code that they feel addresses the pressing problems and hope people will use it. If you don't agree with them then publish your own code and try to get people to use it.
But it makes literally no sense to blame core or to pretend that they have control over the situation which they don't have.
@_date: 2017-02-18 16:57:57
The explosion hasn't happened yet.
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:14:16
If there's a post-hard fork hard fork on the minority chain to deal with either the difficulty gap or miners attacking the chain as the article suggests then the future of the chain is in the hand of the developers and users.
The old miners that caused/allowed the fork could easily be cut out of the new chain by changing the PoW algoirthm. Miner's as a class will remain with the 'new miners' being mostly users as in the early days of bitcoin. Miner's may gradually diverge from users again--or quickly as capital is reallocated to the new PoW. But the point being the 'old miners' have no ability to block such a change if the devlopers/users are determined for it to happen.
And it's easy to be determined when you've already been presented with a hard fork that forces you to choose between compromising on your ideals and going your own way with those that you agree with.
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:35:20
A pool is a third party which acts on behalf of all the smaller "miners". I put it in quotation marks because from the protocol's perspective they don't exist only pools and people who act as their own pools do. So then the miner gets the payout according to the protocol. Then they pay their contributors. In that order if not sequentially (the steps may be done in the same block so effectively simultaneously) then at least logically--the person running the pool can at any time stop paying people. If they did presumably it would ruin their reputation and people would switch pools.
If there were only one pool then all miner's are relying on the trustworthiness of that one person. That's a lot of responsibility! EDT: And bitcoin should be maximally trustless.
@_date: 2017-02-03 04:32:54
Not necessarily. The technical problem that bitcoin solves is the problem of double-spending. The problem with Bitcoin Unlimited is that one cannot be sure that a transaction has been irrevocably spent until several more blocks have been mined than in core because of the alterations to consensus. If I'm a merchant and I want to be 99% sure that I've been paid before I mail my goods currently (assuming high enough fees have been set) I have to wait for about 6 confirmations (about an hour). In Bitcoin Unlimited that time will increase because of the uncertainty at the front-end due to different AD/EB settings.
In other words you assume the attacker is the miner. But consider for a moment if I a common user is the attacker. The only attack a miner can do is double spend. Well I can double spend too if I can trick someone into believing a transaction has been cemented into the blockchain when it hasn't.
Maybe the transaction has 2 or 3 confirmations and then suddenly a longer chain emerges. And Oh. I've not only not paid you yet but I've transfered all my coins out of the address that I was going  to pay you with so that pending transaction is invalid. I've just robbed you.
If you generalize from this example you realize the bottom line is that in B.U. there is wasted work that never gets included in the proof of  'security' in the blockchain. How much work is wasted is dependent on how vigilant miners are at maintaining convergent settings.
My (one of them) problem with B.U. is that I don't trust miners that much. I really don't. (I really don't trust anybody that much; and I shouldn't have to.)
EDIT: I just read your answer more carefully. You're right in that increased valuation is good for everybody but I think that's a bit beside the point. Bitcoin has been increasing in value despite all this nonsense and that's more or less what caused the argument indirectly by increasing the number of users/transactions. In the long-run I don't think a Bitcoin Unlimited chain will be as valuable as a non-B.U. chain because it makes a fundamental concession to the miner that can't ever be unmade.
@_date: 2017-02-08 00:24:43
I'm sorry I wish I could give a better explanation. But that's more or less a question of Bitcoins fundamental design.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:18:08
If Segwit activates on Litecoin but not on Bitcoin, and especially if Bitcoin Unlimited every becomes dominant or causes a hard fork, I expect Litecoin may appreciate very quickly.
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:39:51
I'll admit the second case wasn't well thought out.
But the first case is serious and inevitable. The "problem" is that rather than ceasing to incentive centralization, i.e. giving up on the fact that most of the hashrate is in China, this would change the system to effectively incentivize this behavior. In the current system smaller players may be locked out because they have a low probability of success but not because they suddenly can't run the software.
@_date: 2017-02-02 20:24:11
A bit more heated than I'd like but I generally agree with &gt; Sorry, but im not going to let a loud annoying tinhat minority take control of the community and demand insane changes.


By "tinhat minority" he's clearly talking about people who support B.U. because core is evil and corrupt. And by "insane changes" he clearly means B.U.'s changes to consensus which make bitcoin considerably less secure, diluting the effective security that all the hash power that gets poured into the bitcoin network buys us.
Sadly (because I wish they were) though, I'm going to have to disagree with his characterization of them as a "tinhat minority". Now, I think its more appropriate to call them a growing mob not based in technical fact (unless they really do want bitcoin to be more fragile and centralized but that's not what they say).
@_date: 2017-02-03 00:10:19
Let consider a case in bitcoin as it is where we say that after [x] confirmations we can be sufficiently (according to our arbitrary criteria) that a transaction is safe against double-spending.
For us to have comparable assurance in a B.U. network we have to wait for our transaction to be [x]+[t]-[u] blocks deep in a chain in order to have comparable certainty.
  Variable Definitions:
 - **[t]** is an estimation of the accept depth after which all nodes will accept the chain with most work (comparable to current protocol in terms of security from consensus) regardless of size.
 - **[u]** is a far more difficult estimation of the amount of work already expanded on what will eventually become the chain that everybody converges onto (we assume eventual consensus here) expressed in terms of the number of blocks that we don't need to wait compared to [x]+[t] because the work has already been expended.
  Variable Calculations:
 - **[x]** is directly comparable to the bitcoin as-is; it is easy to calculate.
 - **[t]** requires knowledge of other nodes's AD settings which means that it can only ever be an estimation hopefully weighted probabilistically; but since we are concerned with security guarantees the increased spread means we should err on the side of caution. So if we are 80% certain that 98% (or whatever similar measure of future network decisions you deem relevant) of nodes have an [AD] &lt; [tavg] but we're 95% certain that 98% of nodes have [t1] &lt; [AD] &lt; [t2] then we need to use [t2] for the above calculation rather than [tavg].
 - **[u]** requires knowledge of what will eventually emerge as the most-secured chain of blocks. Since we cannot possibly know this, [u] must also be expressed in terms of the certainty that an observer is able to have in whatever mechanism they use to calculate [u]. And similarly to [t] we must err towards (pessimism) smaller values of [u] in order to provide meaningful security guarantees.
So what does all this mean?
 Analysis:
 - **Best case.** There is extremely efficient communication as to what settings everybody is running and [t] is known perfectly. But even in this case because of the inherently probabilistic nature of PoW we don't know which chain will emerge as the first to reach consensus and so [u] is still probabilistic. So we must wait [t]-[u] longer than bitcion as-is to achieve security parity. I believe B.U. has default settings of [AD]=[4]. Sof if we take [AD]=[t]=4 and [u]=0 we have [x]+[t]-[u]=[x]+4.
 - **Reasonable case.** In order to make sure [t] &gt; [AD] of 98% of miners (weighted-by-hash) we set [t]=10. So we have [x]+[t]-[u] = [x]-[u]+10 (I know of no reasonable way of calculating [u]).
 - **Worst case (short of hard-fork).** The issue with analyzing the worst case is that the worst case is really a hard-fork. But Bitcoin Unlimited while explicitly allowing the possibility user's to choose to hard fork via their additional settings also insists that they will never choose to do so because it is not in their self-interest. Even if we take them at their word and assume that there is no hard fork we have no way of knowing how long miner's are willing to risk a hard fork in order to push their agenda's against other miners. **There is no reasonable way of knowing how long you have to wait for the chain to converge in the worst case (where we have poor or disrupted (possibly sibyl-attacked) communication of these settings) because such a calculation must quantify a characterization of human behavior and response time.**
So where does this extra effort go in the mean time. Until we reach [x]+[t]-[u] we have much wasted effort. The orphan rate is extremely low in bitcoin because nodes always work on the most worked chain. B.U. changes that to 'the most worked chain not considering the last [AD] blocks of size &gt; [EB]'. Bitcoin Unlimited will have much higher orphan rates.
 Conclusion
I don't know how accurate my math is but the basic idea is illustrated. The uncretainty in B.U. increases orphan risk which in turn increases wasted effort leading to decreased security. How much effort is wasted and how much security is decreased we will have to wait and see. But regardless there is less security than in bitcion-as-is.
Furthermore, now that I think about it clearly. Because the above calculations are dependent upon accurate modeling of the network settings most miner's are using, a central point of failure is introduced. Only data included in blocks is efficiently protected against sibyl-attacks in bitcoin. So we can reasonably assume poor communication because this newfound reliance on coordination among miners means parties antagonostic to the security of the network can degrade its efficiency by disrupting or spamming communication channels. This is in my eyes, unacceptable. Bitcoin as others have mentions derives from the cyberpunk attitude of minimizing user participation in the core network potocol in order to remove potential sources of failure/disruption of the network.
@_date: 2017-02-06 22:42:02
Too true. There will be a market. As divided as this community has become,  come fork there will be a market.
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:47:08


Generalization -&gt; False. Self-invalidating.
@_date: 2017-02-03 00:14:59
I looked up a bit of the technical details and they look decent. I'm not going to pretend like I understand all the differences between something like Segwit and FlexTrans but regardless B.U. (the software not the organization) is madness.
@_date: 2017-03-02 05:14:40
Certainly I do. And if one views Core as the heads of Bitcoin who have failed in fostering an inclusive culture then one might feel free to damn them in that capacity.
But that has nothing to do with their actual job. The one they signed up for and actually do. It's a development team. They never advertised themselves as the *face* bitcoin. Ver's long since cornered that market.
@_date: 2017-03-23 18:58:52
[Source]( and [Relevant Talk]( for those incensed by being forced to search for the source.
@_date: 2017-03-02 08:53:48
Also werewolves.
@_date: 2017-03-02 19:00:24
How is this number relevant? I'm not saying it isn't but usually people compare the market cap of Bitcoin to that of Gold or M1 or the US Stock Market, etc.
If there was a comparison between bitcoin market cap and cash held in savings accounts in the US that seem like it would also be useful. But what do you mean by this comparison?
Genuinely curious.
@_date: 2017-02-06 22:51:30
That's a very...interesting suggestion.
@_date: 2017-03-19 19:17:28
I imagine it would be somewhat similar to investing in real estate which is then subdivided. For example buying a apartment building then selling the units over several years. There was an initial investment, appreciation, then profit taken on sale. Don't know how they deal with it in that context but it might be analogous?
@_date: 2017-03-08 04:41:25
Consensus rules are (and necessarily, as a pre-condition of determining whether a block is valid, must be) determined by the individual user, not the collective network.
@_date: 2017-03-01 00:20:04
As far as I can tell bitcoin is a hedge against the incompetence of central banks---inevitable since the design of central bank-backed monetary systems introduces a money valve which *must not be used* for the system to maintain its integrity... .
While gold is a hedge against civilization. But as pointed out above in the case of a full blown apocalypse gold is worthless compared to guns, drugs, food, machines, etc.
Personally, I like to think of what happens if there's a giant solar flare such as in 1859  where the [solar storm]( basically shut down all communication systems.


They were only using telegraphs and civilization hummed along without them for a few days. But consider what would happen if all the electrical systems in the world went down or became unreliable overnight. Not just the internet but all electrical devices of appreciable complexity go down. What happens next?
That's pretty much the only scenario gold is a better hedge than bitcoin. And personally, I don't count it as all *that* unlikely. In some ways its more or less inevitable. It's more just a matter of whether we've actually bothered to plan for such an eventuality.
Kind of like how we are just now starting to really monitor meteors that might, you know, crash into earth ending all life as we know it for 10-100years (or however long, not that informed).
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:52:36
Please don't kill yourself. Even if the price goes to 0. Nothing is worth that.
I understand that your probably joking, but be aware that that's not an uncommon response to being bankrupt by margin trading.
EDIT: Thinking of the stock crash that started the Great Depression
@_date: 2017-03-02 02:06:11
The sooner people can calm down and accept that this is where we're at the better. Bitcoin was never about populism or democracy. Everybody should decide for themselves what software they want to run and we'll move forward and see how things shake out.
Personally, I'm optimistic. I still think bitcoin will get past this vitriol and continue to flourish in the long-term. But for now, I'll just hodl like the rest.
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:48:37
This is a disappointing circlejerk. Have we fallen to the level of I was hoping for better from this sub.
@_date: 2017-03-02 02:21:45


Ahead is ahead. One step at a time.
I would argue the debate is hardly about blocksizes anymore, and hasn't really been for quite a while.


Ver was asked directly if he would support core if they pushed an immediate hardfork to increase capacity to 10MB and refused to answer directly. Instead he demurred and meandered into suggesting that the only future he'll accept is one where Core is not dominant. I can't say he speaks for all of BU but it's certainly not an uncommon sentiment. So yeah, at this point, the debate is only tangentially about malleability or blocksize or any other technical detail.


Nice catch. I used to be vaguely aware of that but I forgot. Thanks!
@_date: 2017-03-01 00:22:23
Well of course not. The transaction fees are too high.
Hahahaha. jkjk. But not really.
@_date: 2017-03-24 23:01:52
From the white paper:


Miner's enforce the rules. There is simply no concept of miners creating or altering the rules. That is an extremely recent imposition.
@_date: 2017-03-03 00:22:10
Yes. I'd still hold because if they were worth that much the risk factor has pretty much disappeared.
And I don't require much. I suppose I'd spend them eventually but it could easily take me 50-70 years and I'd certainly set some aside for my children/grandchildren.
And all this assumes that I'm a lazy fuck that doesn't actually contribute anything to society and therefore earn return on my capital. When the fact of the matter is, it's easy to stay rich because you get first pick of the low-hanging fruit of interest-bearing investments due to economies of scale.
EDIT: The people who sell (liquidate into USD) when the price rises to 100k/1m/10m don't really believe in the long-term ideological proposition that bitcoin provides. I have an ideological problem with the way the financial system currently works. I have a problem with the moral hazard that complex banking schemes inevitably introduce into society. My ideological position is subsidized by the increasing value of bitcoin. But it's there. And it'll be there once I don't have to worry about possibly losing my money anymore.
Of course people will diversify, but your delusional if you think the people who have been holding as bitcoin rose from $0.10 to $1000 (x10k) are going to sell because it goes from $1000 to $10m (x10k). They'll sell some to diversify but not all and probably not most. 
@_date: 2017-03-25 00:24:15
Why? They have no ability to enforce their will on anybody. And there's no reason for anybody to allow them to. If people want to blindly follow the miner's as they change the protocol rules, that's their business. But don't be confused. That has nothing to do with Nakamoto Consensus which necessarily presumes a fixed rule set.
Network upgrades are not a part of Bitcoin. They are however necessary. But nobody get's a final say. Everybody decides for themselves.


I'm responding to the part in bold. Of course it makes sense that the miners get to have opinions about what the protocol should be. I'm not denying that. And as major economic participants in the system their opinions are weighty; but not because of their hash rate. Their opinions about the protocol are weighty because they own and spend bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-03 00:33:20
Nah it's possible. I'm gonna make it. And I didn't start that long ago. It's just a matter of how much money you have to burn.
But yeah, after 1-2 years it'll solidly be out of reach of everybody but the already decently well-off (in fiat).
@_date: 2017-03-03 17:24:08
Because comparisons in general is meaningless unless you state the units. So state your units.
@_date: 2017-03-15 22:00:12
They haven't failed yet. It's way to soon to assume BU is going to go away.
@_date: 2017-03-02 02:15:26
There is no circumstance in which Segwit is used if people don't use it--and fundamentally Core can't make them. They can't make the miners mine segwit blocks. They can't make the wallet's support segwit transactions. They can't make the users support a segwit chain through use.
I'm not sure what you're trying to point out. Core is not a dictator. They have literally no control (that isn't continually and voluntarily given to them) over anybody but themselves.
EDIT: typo
@_date: 2017-03-02 17:19:46
The truth. Good shit.
@_date: 2017-02-03 17:29:16
I really hope this is true, but I'm not so sure that it is.
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:03:42
Set at limit order earlier today at 1000. Lucked out.
@_date: 2017-03-02 22:53:16
How sure are you that people won't hold onto 100-1000 of bitcoins?
Because  there are some unimaginably rich people doing pretty much exactly that in our current financial system.
@_date: 2017-03-02 02:12:30
That's his point. By the very nature of bitcoin's design, there is no circumstance in which it is possible for Core to become dictator. So Jihan's assertion is at the very least a hyperbolic misrepresentation and at worst a flat out lie.
@_date: 2017-03-04 19:02:17
You might have an argument that he motivated or caused the creation of I don't think there's an argument to be had that he forced it's creation.
And that succinctly summarizes my largest peeve throughout this debate. On both sides, people have this "I'm being forced against my will" mentality. It's childish and unhelpful. People, alone, are responsible for their own actions. Bitcoin is the epitome of this responsibility for self. You hold the keys, no one else. So you have control of funds, no one else. But if you get robbed, no one can help you.
Likewise, theymos did what theymos did. He didn't force anybody else. People who created did so of their own will. Core coded segwit of their own will. BU (devs) coded BU (code) of their own will. People (including miners) run Core or BU of their own will. End of story. Once we get that down we can move on to talking about what we believe and why. But if people are just going to bitch about what someone else did or didn't do rather than explain their own actions and reasoning. Then I think maybe I'm done with both and Now in reality I don't think either is that bad so as to cause me to give up and disengage. But the trend doesn't seem to be getting better.
@_date: 2017-03-04 18:50:31
And this is exactly the problem with the recent demands for compromise. Big blockers (most often) demand compromise in their direction while they refuse to acknowledge the legitimacy of any opposing consideration. Their cries for compromise are revealed as ultimatum's for capitulation.
@_date: 2017-03-18 08:11:09
It's not that Core isn't good at selling themselves. It's that they refuse to sell themselves because if they're successful, that establishes a precedent for them being not just a dev team which makes technical suggestions, but a political leadership which can be targeted and manipulated by malicious entities/interests.
@_date: 2017-03-14 16:40:22
Obama was reasonably uncorrupt. Trump is unreasonably corrupt.
I agree with almost everything else you said although you phrased it on a weird way.
@_date: 2017-03-29 20:33:34




@_date: 2017-03-27 22:17:22
Perhaps you mean that it is [dysfunctional](


rather than [nonfunctional](


Bitcoin still works as designed. Transactions that include fees high enough to incentivize miner's to include them in the next block get included it the next block. This is what people mean when they say nothing is broken.
Most people *do* recognize however that the the current situation is alienating many users who would otherwise be (and who we generally want to be) quite happy with bitcoin. But it's important to note that the system is behaving as designed (coded), it's just maybe the design (code) needs to be improved slightly.


In any case, my point is there are 16B USD/16M BTC ways that the proposed solutions can be worse than the current system which is making people frustrated but technically still working. I personally don't think either of them are. I prefer segwit; I think BU opens a can of worms we won't ever be able to (agree to) close again. But I think either would move us past this apparent [Mexican standoff](
@_date: 2017-03-14 16:03:51
I don't know why people downvoted him. He's right these are payment channels. They're not secured against counterparty risk as proposed (by locking funds) but they are payment channels.
@_date: 2017-03-25 07:15:09
The miners are the hostage not the hostage taker. Will respond in full later.  
@_date: 2017-03-05 02:25:28
Without agreeing with your framing (I wasn't here and am not willing to spend the time to research it myself), that is exactly my point. Theymos forced nobody to do anything. He alienated people sure. He censored people sure. But he did not force people to create That is an important distinction. To fail to make that distinction is to either facilitate or abet an ongoing victimization that leads to incessant whining. Behavior I have very little sympathy for.
To be clear I am sympathetic towards people that are victims of censorship. I am not sympathetic to people who whine about it rather than fixing the problem (by leaving, which they did; problem solved).
As far as bitcointalk versus reddit. Do you think reddit cares about the powers he exercises as a moderator? They gave him those powers and the discretion to use them.


I don't think you really understand how moderation works on reddit. Do you allege that theymos broke any of [these]( rules? Maybe you do. Maybe he did. I don't know. But that's not the impression I get from people complaining about his moderation. I get the impression that they understand that what he did, he had full authority to do, they just don't like how he happened to use (or abuse) that authority.
@_date: 2017-03-02 02:48:40


"It" doesn't have human-to-human communication channels. "It" is a protocol which operates between user agents who act on behalf of users.
People have communication channels not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:45:31
@_date: 2017-03-02 17:10:31
I'm just hodling. I'll probably buy in further. But only with money that I have. I think it's always risky to bet someone elses money. I don't like the idea of debt in general.
@_date: 2018-10-04 01:01:26
@_date: 2018-10-03 22:35:39
If total population is `Z` and total bitcoin is `X`. Then average bitcoin per capita is `X`/`Z`. Bitcoin is created algorithmically and population isn't so difficult to model, so his prediction was lightly just based on back-hand calculations.
That post was masterful writing though. 
**EDIT:** fixed mistakes
@_date: 2018-10-04 00:10:19












No. I do not agree. This is obviously nonsense.
"Bitcoin" doesn't give you anything but an economic choice.
@_date: 2017-08-04 06:47:15
I actually didn't know that thanks.
So what wallets support BCH?
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:33:19
I actually have yes. But I haven't made a single economic argument so I'm hard-pressed to see why you think that is relevant.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:18:47
I sympathize with whatever experience you had with poverty but your comparison is misleading.
At its best bitcoin (excluding services built on top of it) will only eliminate/reduce the transnational costs of the financial system. Poor people will still have it rough because they're poor. They'll still be charged higher prices per unit volume because of their inability to buy in bulk.
I appreciate and even agree with most of the rest of your post.
@_date: 2017-01-02 10:24:32
The Weimar Republic was subjected to the victors of the first World War because it did not have the military to assert itself. Once it got the military, it did.
And I realize that this anecdote ends in the rise and fall of Nazi Germany. But this is my point: Do you think that there is any scenario in which Nazi Germany would accept the abrogation of fiat currency? No. Soviet Russia? The PRC? France? Great Britain? The United States?
And you know what all of these countries have in common? They all have nuclear weapons, with the exception of Nazi Germany which was thoroughly destroyed then occupied for decades--it may be reasonably excepted. No modern nation state with nuclear weapons is ever going to be forced to relinquish control of the economy via fiat currency.
Now in practice several may. But if they do this will be the result of either revolution or democracy--not of inexorable economic forces.
@_date: 2017-01-30 22:39:40


Yes. That's essentially what BIP 0009 provides isn't it? It "works" for the same reason that PoW in bitcoin works more generally, there's an economic cost associated with each vote. In BIP 0009 the economic cost is the capital and operational costs associated with mining.  In what I'm proposing the economic cost would be at the very least tx fees paid to miners (or the opportunity cost lost by miners as a result of including txs with lower fees or their own "fake" txs in a block rather than relay user's support).
In the proposed stake weighting, the cost is foregoing access to one's funds for specified period of time.


FTR I don't believe I used the word wallet not once in my post. But you're right, wallets would need to implement this in order for it to be useful. But implementation doesn't seem particularly difficult. The wallet need only continue to generate addresses until it creates one with the properties desired by the user (for voting via the proposal). Unused but generated addresses can be stored in case they are useful for future votes with different ([n],[v]).
Also the proposal work irrespective of any knowledge the user/wallet has of the blockchain so storing the blockchain is not a requirement/impediment for a wallet implementing the proposal :).


As for the "why" I would hope that the goal would be fairly obvious. Miners have undue influence in the current Bitcoin community. It is right that their influence should be considerable since they pay the capital and operating costs to secure the network. But this reasonable influence has been inflated by an increasing divergence of miners from the overall community (in the early days miners=users). Somehow miner's have become a filter for not only for transaction ordering but also protocol design. Users can "vote" by running full nodes and only accepting blocks valid under the rules they believe are correct, but this "voting" is only "negative"/reactive and requires far more people to run full nodes (admirable but unlikely). My proposal provides a corresponding "positive"/forward signaling mechanism for users to express their support for a particular direction they'd like the protocol to go in.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:56:21
Segwit improves efficiency.
In a maximally efficient system one might expect blocksize and tx rate to be directly proportional -- absent some new technology being incorporated into bitcoin. One might intuitively expect block size to be inversely proportional the number of full nodes, but its not clear to me that that's the case as the desire/ability to run full node is imo difficult to model reliably.
@_date: 2017-08-04 05:50:13
There's a nasty race condition in that procedure. I didn't say that it was impossible just difficult enough that a lot of people aren't willing to try.
@_date: 2017-08-04 04:40:36
Constructing transactions that are only valid on one side of the fork seems to be hard enough that no one is willing to risk their bitcoin to try.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:41:31


Name calling and observing reality aren't mutually exclusive sets. And you can point out someone is wrong without defaming their motivations. You may very well be right the Ver is a malicious fool. But that's almost entirely not related to whether or not he's right. Malicious fools can be right by accident sometimes. But I'm very confident that getting emotional over it will change no one's mind and is therefore of very little use.
And I don't think his point was that their view is legitimate in the sense that its correct. His point was that they have their view and Bitcoin is a protocol. It's agnostic to what's "correct". It only cares about what its users agree that it is. Since its users can't seem to agree, it's fortunate that it was designed to be robust/stable enough to resist the severe partisan/political strife that we've seen in the ongoing debate.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:53:05


You're wrong. If you switch you're running different code immediately. That different code only behaves differently after block 494,784 (or whatever, trusting your numbers). This is an important distinction because if it wasn't there would be nothing wrong with getting people to switch to arbitrary code with hardforks scheduled at arbitrarily distant points in the future. But of course there is. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:39:19
You seem to be implying there is a fundamental trade off between scaling to allow for more transactions and keeping the operational costs of running a full node low in order to ensure more distributed verification.
There probably is, but the current costs/inconvenience of running a full node in perpetuity already precludes many people from doing so. I think generally the people who are running full nodes now have the very moderate additional resources to support larger  blocks (not exclusive with increasing tx efficiency/density).
I think a more serious concern for centralization is that the tx bottleneck and inevitable tx fee price floor locks people out of the market via increased fees and/or people are forced to rely upon off-chain services to use bitcoin.
In the former case the dramatic increased adoption of bitcoin that many hope for will almost inevitably force everybody but the rich--medium-to-large institutions, people with lots of fiat, people with lots of bitcoin, etc.--out of the market. In the latter case the bitcoin that (most) people use stops (by any reasonable definition) being bitcoin. I would argue that if we as a community accept either case as an acceptable outcome (i.e. do nothing) then bitcoin will die, as rich people don't need bitcoin to protect their wealth they have governments doing that for them. And most poor/average people are already forced to use an intermediary to access the wealth that is by right theirs.
So--you don't say this directly--if you're saying that larger are undesirable because they cause centralization, I raise you that without them (or some other ingenious and unexpected development) bitcoin will never become what it needs to in order to become relevant (i.e. not be abandoned for altcoins who seem to have their shit together).
P.S. sorry my response is kind of disproportionate to what you wrote that inspired it, but I figured it was better to write it out than not
**TL;DR The need to scale bitcoin is much greater currently than the need to prevent centralization (not saying centralization is acceptable, but I haven't seen many proposal which would inevitably lead to an unacceptable amount of centralization whereas the path we're currently will certainly destroy whatever hope bitcoin is to the masses.)** 
EDIT: For the record, so that nobody misunderstands, I support Segwit, larger (flexible) blocks, and the Lightning Network (subject to the technical details of  functioning implementation) in that order.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:46:13


We'll agree to disagree about the semantics. The fact that the code for Segwit2x includes the logic for a future hard fork makes the rules it expresses logically different from the current protocol expressed by Bitcoin Core. That the difference is not manifested in the blockchain until block 494,784 is irrelevant. The protocol is logically prior to its manifestation, not determined by it.


This is a philosophical perspective I do not share and I think is untenable although it may appear to be reasonable at first glance. I've heard this argument a lot and as far as I'm concerned it's no different to saying that the Executive branch (in the US) determines the laws because without the Executive branch no laws get enforced. That's a faulty and unstable perspective and if enough people adopt it this community truly will have lost the ability to have meaningful technical discussions about the direction the protocol ought to go in because we will have established a precedent of deferring to those (people or collectives or protocols) who currently have power and express it rather than consciously choosing to give power to those (people or collectives or protocols) who ought have it.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:09:14
It's not necessary for everybody to store all transactions forever. Its acceptable for the hosting of the entire blockchain to be somewhat centralized. It's only necessary that upon demand it can be produced to bootstrapping or auditing nodes in order to validate the current state of the blockchain.
After a node is bootstrapped, in order to continue to validate trustlessly it only needs to store blocks containing UTXOs.
And if that ever becomes an unacceptable burden, and likely far before it in fact does, I expect bitcoin to be modified to include some concept of pruning at a protocol level, possibly with checkpoints every x blocks where x is very large and possibly related to the difficulty to prevent an unacceptable decrease in security.
@_date: 2017-08-09 04:03:13


If I understand what you mean to be asking correctly the answer is yes? But I believe you are "splitting" the coins which were already "duplicated" as a result of the fork.
@_date: 2017-08-31 04:27:38
Yellen, the [Chair of the Federal Reserve]( was being grilled by a Congressman for refusing to consider a possible audit of the Federal Reserve. She insisted that being audited would be a politically motivated stunt which would interfere with the Federal Reserve's mandate to manage monetary policy independently. The Congressman insisted that without an audit, the Fed was fundamentally unaccountable. Yellen represented that the Fed was accountable somehow despite the fact that she refuses to consider an audit. They went back and forth.
And in the midst of all that, a courageous hero rose a sign, "Buy Bitcoin". The contrast of the simple imperative, prominent in the background, with the bullshit in the foreground accentuated the value proposition of Bitcoin for those who have ears to hear and eyes to see.
@_date: 2017-01-22 07:20:42
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:43:39
That's exactly what happened. She acknowledged that the GAO audits the fed regularly, but did not explain why if the information is regularly accessible through these audits is complete, a Congressional probe would be bad, except to say that it would interfere with the Fed's independence as I represented above.
(Of course, I think that is bullshit, since the Fed's authority is derivative of Congress it is not possible for it to be apolitical. Power is never apolitical or independent. But that's my personal diatribe.)
A quick search of ["fed audit gao"]( yields: [Federal Reserve Officials Impair GAO Audits By Destroying Their Source Records]( . 
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:33:26


I haven't shifted any goalposts. And you're right about the difference between the code and the network. But the network consists of compatible code which expresses the same underlying protocol. Code that expresses a different protocol *is* a different network.


How do you measure this? Do you mean 90% of hash rate or 90% of bitcoin companies or 90% of developers or 90% of full nodes, users, etc. This is an arbitrary metric which only carries weight if we've established that we're broadly talking about the same thing, and I don't think we've established that at all.
I don't care so much about Bitpay tbh. I'm more concerned with developing a stable understanding of what it means to change the protocol and how such changes ought to be thought about.
@_date: 2017-01-18 07:59:52
If it only works 99.9% of the time its not a guarantee.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:47:13


The problem is the freedom to do what you want with your property. Without that freedom, there is a sense in which it isn't really your property.You seem to actually understand this and don't care. Which is a reasonable position. But don't pretend to be confused.
@_date: 2016-12-18 10:24:53
This article and the Bloomberg article it references completely misses the point.
Of course most people prefer cash. It's familiar, easily understood. Bitcoin requires them to learn about and adapt to a new technology. But that's besides the point. India's move towards demonetization, declaring invalid a substantial portion of the nation's outstanding cash, is **actively pushing** people out of the State-backed monetary system into the hands of bitcoin.
People aren't using bitcoin in Venezuela, Zimbabwe, and now India because they like it. They're using it because their governments/banking systems have left them with few practical choices which have the potential to solve their short-term and long-term monetary problems.
After people, are pushed/incentivized in this way to use bitcoin, however, they generally realize that in many ways its preferable  to state-backed (manipulated) fiat currency, physical or electronic. And the same inclination towards in-use systems/technologies that once kept these people in traditional (fiat) monetary systems, will keep them using bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-08-04 07:03:32
I don't see the two as mutually exclusive.
BCH is a fork, that is a technical judgment.
BCH may be considered an altcoin, that is... a more complicated matter to be principled about.
@_date: 2016-12-02 22:37:20
There are problems with bitcoin. Or at least a lot of people think there are. They think they can provide the same guarantees that bitcoin provides while also providing better anonymity or allowing for more arbitrary data to be stored on the blockchain, better support for sidechains, more tx/s, lower energy costs, etc.
Personally, I think most sidechains are bs. Not because they're inherently flawed but because the proceed from false premises. I think its probably possible to make a few absolute improvements to bitcoin but not many. And the reason for this is that most of bitcoin's constraints are not engineering constraints (that is not introduced by particular design decisions or a lack of cleverness) but rather are simply mirrors (efficient or inefficient) of *real* (in the sense that they are fundamental, immutable) economic constraints.
The current debate over the max block size is the perfect example of this:
| block size | larger | smaller |
| txs | more | fewer |
| fees (incentives for miners) | fewer | more |
| network resources | centralized | distributed |
| development process | centralized | emergent consensus |
| btc  | commodity | currency |
- (Chart isn't necessarily meant to imply everything in one column is absolutely correlated but I think it holds for most pairwise comparisons)
- (Actually the more I look at the chart the more flawed I realize it is, but I'm going to leave it because it conceptually illustrates my point)
Transaction fees are determined by supply (miners) and demand (consumers). Most parameters in Bitcoin flow from a similar dynamic where the protocol doesn't actually choose between two differing perspectives/parameter values but rather provides an efficient means for negotiation between them that won't rip apart the network. The exception to my knowledge is the current 1MB limit on the blockchain, and people are trying to get rid of that either through SegWit or BU/BC.
P.S Tired of editing this to make sure it makes sense. I'm sorry if it doesn't, but hopefully it's of use to somebody.
@_date: 2017-01-30 18:22:35


What would be required to produce such a proof (What would it look like)? Has it been *proven* to be impossible to create such a proof in the current system or is it just an unsolved problem? If we know what bitcoin has or lacks that disallows this type of proof is there no roadmap to a bitcoin that might fix the problem?
Alternatively, are there any resources that have examples of this type of proof?
@_date: 2017-01-02 10:27:54
It should not be a tool for avoiding taxes.
On that, we agree.
But it most objectively, *is*, at the moment, a tool for evading taxes.
EDIT: at least for some.
@_date: 2017-01-26 16:14:04
Wouldn't say it's not relevant. I think narratives of how people have benefited from a technology are essential to it's adoption. You could just be a bit more clear about how it is that it benefited you.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:13:42
Yes. If you realize a gain of more than 200 USD. But for Bitcoin it doesn't matter how small the gain is because it isn't classified as a foreign currency.
@_date: 2017-01-02 07:52:18
Did he say something inaccurate? Or are you just being a dismissive dick for no good reason?
@_date: 2016-11-06 21:13:30


You don't understand what Fiat currency is. Fiat currency derives its value from the credibility of the issuer. The Fed can always at any point issue more money indistinguishable from the currency already in circulation. If they were to do this persistently and without mitigating factors, then the dollar would become worthless. It is in this way that a Fiat currency is dependent on the trustworthiness/goodwill/wisdom of its issuer who gives it value "by Fiat".
Bitcoin derives value from true consensus of its user (full nodes) base. Moreover, the rate at which new coins are minted is fixed and predictable, not easily manipulated. There will always be an entirely predictable and eventually fixed amount of Bitcoin in circulation. This is exactly the opposite of a Fiat currency. I suppose you could say Bitcoin derives value by "Fiat of the nodes" since it relies on the nodes to prevent manipulation.  But it's misleading to imply that this in any way similar to a Fiat currency.
Rather what you seem to mean when you say Fiat currency is simply currency. That is a medium of exchange whose "value" is truly its effectiveness at communicating and transmitting value and is always dependent on its acceptability as such by a large or segregated subset of the general population.
Edit: spelling/grammar
@_date: 2016-12-19 05:13:55
His comparison is inadequate. If he were to state dispassionately that physical cash is still a predominant medium of exchange all over the world, there would be no problem. This is true.
But his (their, both articles are similarly mis-framed) error is in attempting to blunt the excitement around the increase in adoption in Bitcoin and corresponding increase in price, by pointing out that not everybody has adopted it and not everybody is using it for everyday transactions. This is misleading because it misunderstands the arguments that people make regarding the advantages of Bitcoin over fiat currencies: it's not easily manipulated by central banks / governments / powerful organizations. This is its fundamental value proposition, not its usability (which can be improved) or its universality (which may come with time), or its cost (fees right now are fairly high compared to traditional financial mediums s.a. VISA). All of these other things can be improved with time. Its fine to claim they suck right now, that's fair. But if that's the comparison then you're missing the point.
People who have invested in bitcoin because they remember the day half their wealth disappeared because of the arbitrarity of a government and banks over which they have little leverage are not likely to trust the same again very much in the near future. There are [precedents]( Not to speak of the mistrust of the banking sector that followed the Great Depression.
The point being, the people that have bought into bitcoin for the above reasons, traditional banking isn't getting them back. They're not going to turn around and decide to trust some central entity for convenience again, at least not most of them. The memory is too fresh and painful.
So the excitement is justified. The article *is* misleading.
@_date: 2016-11-12 00:51:24
I'm not sure if this is a typo, but as written 0.001000613 &lt; 0.001001
You can't spend bitcoins you don't have. This isn't a tax (transaction fee) problem. You're straight up trying to spend more bitcoins than you have and your wallet is saying, "No you can't do that."
@_date: 2016-11-22 10:17:47
No, I think he meant decouple. It's helpful to decouple things which aren't/shouldn't be logically related, but are nonetheless dependent in the code, if you want to "divide and conquer" future development challenges.
@_date: 2018-06-01 19:05:26
OP should prepare to be raided by the FBI or his local equivalent (but also probably still the FBI, cause 'merica!)
@_date: 2019-02-27 00:46:32
How do you define decentralization?
Now based on your definition walk me through  your proof that demonstrates that  one can only secure a cryptocurrency in a meaningfully decentralized way through proof of work.


The whole point of Bitcoin. cryptoceelo's point is there is no reason to believe that Bitcoin's way of doing things is the only way or even the best way, just because it was the first and is currently the most used.


People don't understand it b/c there is no logical reason why Bitcoin's way is the only way. You're baffled because while this is obvious to anybody that hasn't over-committed themselves to an unsound and unproven premise (Only PoW-secured cryptocurrencies are "decentralized"), you expect other people to conform to your ideological position rather than having to explain it convincingly.
If you explain clearly why this is the case and they don't agree with you, and this happens many times, then maybe it's you should be a bit less critical of your audience and a bit more critical of your explanation.
EDIT: downvoting without responding is exactly evidence of what I'm pointing out.
@_date: 2019-02-27 00:57:33






Basically, yes.
Is the threat imminent as it is in Venezuela? Not necessarily, but by the time the threat is realized it's too late. 
Replace socialism with corruption/crony capitalism/regulatory capture/etc. and you can make this fit most countries. Lots of countries overextend themselves in lots of different ways, but there aren't many, when shit hits the fan, that allow themselves to truly and fully be held accountable for previous bad decisions; most that can rather use their monetary authority to extend themselves more leeway. But that only lasts for so long.
Countries like Venezuela or Zimbabwe or nations with weaker monetary systems where nobody wants to buy their debt don't have that luxury and so their governments are more accountable in that they have less control over the manifestation of the negative consequences of their bad policies. Their economic pain is the natural state of affairs when a government can't (through its central bank) obfuscate its misallocation or resources any longer.
When you hear central banks openly talking about ways to force people into closed systems so that they can implement persistent negative interest rates, you know that the runway is running out.
@_date: 2019-02-27 01:17:25
If you don't explain something clearly then your explanation is useless. This is true whether or not your audience is stupid. If they are too stupid to understand your explanation and bafflement are wasted. If they aren't too stupid then you've failed to clearly communicate a cogent idea.


I don't quite understand what your'e saying here. At first you seem to be identifying "clearly" as a weasle word, and then you appear to agree with me. Am I'm missing something? Typo?
@_date: 2019-02-16 17:19:03
Have any exchanges implemented lightning for deposits/withdrawals? 
@_date: 2019-02-27 02:05:30
If you explain something clearly and your audience doesn't understand then it might be because the idea itself is wrong or incoherent. Perhaps I mistakenly conflated the idea and the explanation. "Clearly" just means you communicated your idea well. Your idea could still be shit though.
@_date: 2019-02-16 16:44:55
Other resources on the asteroid might make it profitable. The gold could easily just be a bonus.
After a quick search I found [this article]( . With [this visualization]( showing the most common valuable minerals and their relative frequency in asteroid's to earth's crust.
So we'd pull in an asteroid to get access to these minerals in large quantities, and already out of earth's gravity well, but if we find a giant chunk of gold along the way (we well), well....
EDIT: And there was rampant inflation in Spain and then in Europe after the discovery of the New World because of all the gold they brought back. Asteroid mining would be that times like 100, easily. And non-stop for the rest of human space-exploration.
Also, how do you know gold has 'kept its value'? Usually people use gold as a reference to show fiat has lost value, but that doesn't mean that gold also hasn't loss value due to supply side inflation. Certainly it's worth less than it would have been if less gold had been mined, no?
@_date: 2019-02-27 02:11:52
Venezuela is crippled by [the governments failure to reinvest in the state oil company]( The sanctions hurt, but oil has a global market. If Venezuela had to sell its oil through Russia or China at a premium to circumvent US sanctions they would do that--if they had enough oil to sell. Likewise for buying foreign goods.
@_date: 2019-02-27 00:27:43


When Bitcoin comes out with sidechains, that will matter.
Having watched how long it took Bitcoin to activate SegWit and start working on the LN,  I don't think the OP-codes that would be extremely useful for secure side-chains are going to be activated in the near future, so I doubt sidechains will be useful much sooner than 5 yrs from now. Things don't exactly move fast around here. In the mean time I think its exactly in the next 5 years that crypto is going to do most of the work of entering the mainstream.


How fast is the LN? I've asked a few times and never gotten a real answer. I know how fast it could theoretically be, I'm not asking that. I'm asking, how fast does an average/median payment to a merchant I've never transacted with before take? I'll be generous and exclude channel setup times from the question.
@_date: 2019-02-27 05:57:03
I don't recall claiming Bitcoin didn't have value. But it is factually incorrect to claim that proof of work is the only way to achieve decentralized consensus 
@_date: 2019-02-19 18:57:41
I strongly believe there should be a comma between "Upgrade" and "Man".
@_date: 2019-02-27 08:07:28


I guess we'll see.


I suppose this is true if and only if your former assertion is true. There are certainly ways achieving consensus that are less absolutely costly than proof work.
@_date: 2019-02-12 03:30:54
I agree that much of that is unlikely.
There was no snark though. If you go back far enough in my post history, you'll see that I was in favor of Segwit and the UASF. Bitcoin Cash seemd to be fueled by (billionaire-manipulated) populism rather than intelligent and honest discourse, reminding me of the Know Nothings of the 19th century or other nativist movements. Too many conspiracy theories and obvious bullshit being slung around.
But the threat vector of astroturfing the community and false-flagging support for a malicious soft fork is real and significant. IMO it's actually one of the most significant long-term threats to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:15:52
Nope. They can't have my life.
@_date: 2019-02-19 18:53:31
Lol but true.
Was watching an old JRE with Freeway Rick Ross, and someone lifted his safe once, so he bought a 25 ton safe or something crazy like that.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:57:37
Big finance will have a hell of a time scraping their way into the position that whales that have been around since 2012-2014 are in. And I know for a fact that there are quite a few left and that a least some of them know each other and do indeed collude to manipulate and suppress the altcoin markets.
But supposing that wallstreet gets into Bitcoin, pumps the price and then crashes the price. I honestly don't think that they would stay out. I think Bitcoin represents to large of an upside and there's no way those greedy fucks will be able to keep their hands off of it once they've got the taste in their mouths.
@_date: 2017-11-03 04:38:00
The train is leaving the station.
@_date: 2019-02-28 04:43:03


I don't see how a hardware wallet could work in a subscription model. The value proposition is fundamentally having complete control.
@_date: 2019-02-17 02:38:35
Please don't. :/
What tech do you believe is missing? The rocketry? The mining equipment?
I'm sure the mining will get to where it needs to be.
If the BFR is successful it will bootstrap an entire class of super heavy lift rockets that will provide cheap access to space. I'd be surprised and disappointed if in 60 years the BFR was still the largest rocket that we were working with. I'd expect a larger even more cost effective iteration using the same basic technologies within 10-20 years, so by 2050.
And redirecting an asteroid into earth's orbit isn't particularly difficult if you go out far enough where you just need to nudge it a bit.
Further, all of this gets a lot more cost effective once you can start manufacturing in space, which should also certainly be achieveable by 2050.
So whhich part do you think is missing?
@_date: 2019-02-28 04:39:20
No. Not yet. Wait 6 months.
@_date: 2017-11-07 07:15:11
Somebody pointed out an old comment by a redditor from the future that was a creative attempt at answering the quesiton: "[I am a time-traveler from the future, here to beg you to stop what you are doing](
@_date: 2019-02-17 03:00:22
That's fair.
Personally I don't see a space elevator happening any time soon if ever. And I think large enough launch vehicles could do the trick.
I could even imagine vessels built in orbit on the asteroid mining site specially designed only to descend from orbit with heavy cargo. And then perhaps to be disassembled, re-lifted to orbit and reused. Or even to just be thrown away.
Carry enough cargo in a single trip and using an optimized one-use descent vessel starts to become feasible.
But honestly, I'm really just betting on really really big rockets. I'm pretty sure once reusable rockets saturate the launch market and become a reliable mature technology, we'll begin to push the limits of the largest rocket that's feasible to build, especially since thrust, control, wet:dry mass, and economies of scale all work in favor of huge rockets.
I don't actually know what the theoretical limits for rocket size are but I'm pretty sure we'll find out in the next century.
@_date: 2019-02-16 16:38:19
The tech actually isn't that far away really--at least in generational terms. It could easily happen in the next 1-2 generations (30-60 years). As in, within the lifetime of those currently entering the workforce.
All of the basic tech trees that we need to get to that point have already been explored. And we're kind of nearing a threshold point of cheap access to space if the BFR comes to fruition that I'm pretty convinced will put the world in a whole new era within 20-years of it's becoming reliable.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:31:23
Or Bitcoin whales just systematicallly manipulate the altcoin markets in order to keep the prices suppressed and to drill into the minds of people watching that alts aren't going anywhere thereby inhibiting demand.
@_date: 2019-02-12 00:20:20


This is obviously untrue.
Because even if 90% of the hash-rate goes offline, the machine's don't just magically blink out of existence. If the hash rate plummets, many miners close shop, sell their inventory for a discounted price or just store it for the right time...
then you have the perfect opportunity for a malicious billionaire, corporate, nation state, or competing network/community to buy up the excessive hash rate capacity. They'd wait till the difficulty adjusts to the lower hash rate, then attack.
The attack could come in a different forms.
- They could 51% attack possibly stealing considerable funds from an exchange
- They could just mine empty blocks, crippling the network while still profiting. And they could likely sustain this for quite a while if they have a large enough hash rate share.
- They could incorporate timing to their attack, crowding hash rate in, when the difficulty is low, mining many blocks at a faster rate, then rushing out when the adjustment rises, causing unstable block times.
- They could astroturf development, introduce an obnoxious soft fork proposal, pretend to generate consensus, then gradually ramp up their excess hash rate capacity voting for the proposal, eventually overwhelming all dissent and co-opting the community.
- They could selectively choose or refuse to mine channel open/close txs corresponding to LNs channels they're involved in giving them leverage to commit fraud and steal funds on the LN with impunity.
- They could gradually fill blocks with more and more fake txs with regular fees, until the blocks are full, at which point they could start to raise fees at an unreasonable rate in order to try to trick fee estimation services into recommending higher fees.
I'm sure there are other attacks that I'm unaware of that could reek havoc.


This defense mechanism is outside of the providence of the protocol and while reasonable to expect, the response time would be unreliable. If the attack wasn't as clear as a simple theft or protocol bug, there would inevitably be controversy over whether a particular abuse of the network rules actually warrants a ban/rule change to confront it. This became evident for example with ASICBoost where many people argued it was really just clever rule-following, even though it was harmful to the broader network. Certainly there are attacks that can take this dynamic into effect to be maximally disruptive and controversial to introduce rule-changes to counteract.
@_date: 2017-11-15 21:47:47
Or you'll float forever in the void of space, forever tumbling upwards, downwards, sideways until direction loses its meaning and you just are.
But the sights you'll see.
@_date: 2017-11-01 07:19:12
At first I read the title as 1 bil. And I immediately thought, "Holy shit! Why would you post that on reddit?!". And then I immediately realized how stupid of a thought I just had.
But yeah. Good job!
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:08:12
Bitcoin won't change that. But access to a sound base currency is vital to people who want to save wealth.
I shouldn't have to invest in treasuries or, even worse, stocks to ensure my money doesn't evaporate as I save it. I should be able to work hard save up and then when I'm ready to think through purchasing decisions buy something.
In a world where Bitcoin becomes ubiquitous as an option along national currencies, loans and money creation still happens, denominated both in Bitcoin and in fiat. But when the credit bubble pops (and in anticipation thereof) there's no confusion about who owns the actual underlying monetary asset.
Further, if I give you a Bitcoin loan and somebody accepts Bitcoin at a store, you actually have to have the Bitcoin I loan to you in order to use it. This seems obvious at first glance, but in accordance with OP is actually not how most of the modern financial system works. Ex:
- **X**,**Y**,**Z** put their savings in **Bank**
- Bank gives **A** a loan to buy a house
- Loan is credited to **A**'s account at **Bank**
- **A** sends money from loan to **B** to buy house
- **Bank** moves funds from **A**'s account to *B**'s account
Notice that no money actually leaves the bank.  The larger the share of the economy is trapped in the banking system, the less loans and credit creation have any relationship to the underlying assets which they are supposed to be secured by. This effect accelerates as funds centralize in a few mega-"to big to fail"-banks.
Cryptocurrency if used as intended as a bearer instrument like hard cash, re-establishes the age old concept that in order to loan somebody money you actually have to have money and then give it to them. Revolutionary, I know.  But such is the sordid state of the international monetary system.
@_date: 2017-04-12 02:12:49
Something like that currently exists. I'll look the link up later.  But because it's out of band and anybody can submit a proposal it's unfocused and underused.
I suggested an [idea]( to multiplex user based signaling within the existing on-chain format. It doesn't affect consensus and would only need to be implemented by wallets.
I think it's BIP-worthy, but given the lack of interest, positive or negative, I decided I was too lazy to go all the way and take it to the bitcoin-dev mailing list.
EDIT1: forgot the link.  
EDIT2: phone fingers  
EDIT3: [bitcoinocracy](
@_date: 2019-04-11 08:12:14
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:18:31
That doesn't really help. The problem is that if I want you to buy me a dildo and send it to my house, then you have to know my address. The only way to avoid that is with services that, like slvbtc points out, offer wishlist/wedding registration services where you can purchase and ship items to another person, without knowing where you're shipping the item (and potentially even the name of the person your buying it for).
@_date: 2017-04-15 21:27:46
What is your basis for saying so?
I can't imagine any reason in any topology for a direct link between two parties be slower than a path including additional processing by an intermediary before rebroadcast.
@_date: 2017-04-15 23:19:04
Bitcoin as a system is sound regardless of the fact that people who have gained from an unfair system are able to buy into an advantaged position.
The US Dollar as a system backed up by the Federal Reserve is flawed and corrupt regardless of whether or not that corruption is exploited through quantitative easing or if people 'feel' that they work for their wealth or prices have low volatility.
Bitcoin isn't better than the current monetary system because it's removes all unfairness in the world. It's better because it removes many of the secret, hidden valves by which unfairness is constantly pumped into the system.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:15:39
Multiple transactions or multiple inputs and outputs within one transaction?
The former is explained by laziness / operational laxity. The latter is probably exchanges batching txs.
BTW an accounts security isn't I'm any way compromised by multiple sends to it. One might set up a cold wallet then continually send funds to it as one accumulates. This pattern has no security implications whatsoever, as long as all those inputs are spent simultaneously.
@_date: 2017-04-06 22:32:12
Hey I'm not saying Greg's not a dick. I'm just trying to sift through very strong opinions on both sides and end up with facts (mostly technical). I take you at your word if you say you were acting in good faith.
But I also support the proposal to invalidate the covert ASICBOOST advantage. It seems like the cleanest way of making the incentives level. If SegWit locks in before that happens I'm fine with that. And if Segwit doesn't lock in even after it happens, and the extension blocks proposal has been thoroughly tested and validated (prob. ~6months) like segwit was, then maybe I'll support that.
But man this is a wild ride. And regardless of the circumstances it's refreshing to see that there's more than just politics and spite to explain people's behaviors. Because aligning (mostly aligned) incentives is a solvable problem. Fixing a devolving political situation... not so much (as far as I'm concerned).
@_date: 2017-04-04 21:38:54
No. And which blockchain are you talking about?
The cost of storing data on any blockchain with real use  will never be cheaper than storing it in an efficiently operated datacenter because the blockchain is a shared medium which must be simultaneously hosted on many computers (in datacenters in practice).
This as opposed to something like [ipfs](which is similar to the blockchain but different in one significant way: one need not store all objects on the network in order for it to be useful. If your original statement was referring to IPFS which is similar to a blockchain but is not a blockchain (by my non-authoritative definition) then it is true.
IPFS or something very similar to it is the inevitable future of content access over the network.
But one thing to be aware of is that companies like Google/Facebook are powerful not just because of their technology, which is indeed impressive but doesn't justify their overwhelming dominance. They are powerful in equal if not greater measure because of their datasets and network effects (and/or brand name). These are very difficult advantages to overcome even with a cheaper technology.
So while technology like IPFS is the future, I wouldn't say that it will necessarily lead to the downfall of companies like Google/Facebook. It could, but more probably they'll simply adopt the technology internally while retaining their incumbent advantages.
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:12:19
Literally came here to quote and bold that exact same sentence.
What the fuck is the point of a bank (or banking system) that I can't actually withdraw my currency from.
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:49:53
Not if you decide to be discrete about it.
@_date: 2017-04-13 21:01:08
This solution essentially is a central server which performs escrow of part of the secret, the other half being e-mailed to the recipient.
  1. This is not decentralized. (Central server)
  2. Sending private keys though email is not secure unless sender and recipient are both using an encrypted email service. This should be mentioned.
  3. Can't think of a third point but only two just seems awkward.
Interesting service but be sure to describe and advertise appropriately. Doesn't look like you're hiding anything but a lot of people might just not look that closely. 
@_date: 2017-04-14 23:58:12
Shouldn't be a problem as long as each op requires a cost to perform (to properly incentivize all relevant parties).
This is the same way that this is solved in Ethereum, rsk, and in actual computers. In Ethereum and rsk the cost is gas. In physical computers the cost is electricity. Only when these costs are theoretically infinite are the systems theoretically Turing complete.
OP grabbed the problem correctly. The described behavior isn't a problem except that we might want to artificially restrict competition on the system to a specific class of transactions/computation (financial transactions). But even this last point I'm not too worried about because the cost of using any such system built on Bitcoin will in general be large because the system is grossly inefficient.
@_date: 2017-04-12 07:47:06
Which changes do you not agree with? Which do you think could be changed to improve miner support?
Segwit really is only one change. It can't really be broken down with one notable exception. The introduction of a virtual block weight with witness discounts could be removed, I suppose, if that's *really* the barrier to adoption. But I don't think any informed observer would claim so.
@_date: 2017-04-07 07:52:18
The complication is minimal and yes the inconvenience is well worth the immediate confidence it will bring.
"Working to open source the optimization" will take many months, possibly more than a year before there are any demonstrable effects whereas the added restriction could take effect immediately. I don't think the community is feeling particularly patient at the moment.
@_date: 2017-04-06 20:12:47
What did he say that was slander? At best he might be overly aggressive and disingenuous. If you read carefully he claims the following:
 1. extension blocks proposal was released to the media before being released to peer review (paraphrased)
 2. proposal design *seems* "custom tailored to preserve covert boosting"
 3. "I have heard reports I consider reliable that this work was funded by the miner in question."
He didn't directly accuse or assert anything malicious. And as far as I can tell all of his observations are accurate although I haven't researched them thoroughly. (The second being a matter of perception and third a matter of his personal experience).
@_date: 2017-04-06 22:14:42
As far as I can tell that's not true. Extension blocks preserve covert boosting because they alter the existing block format very minimally, instead inserting a link (hash) to a block where new rules apply.
AFAIK any meaningful change to the existing block format would likely ruin the covert ASICBOOST advantage that Bitmain has. This is the point that Greg seems to be making. But I'm no expert, so if I'm wrong in understanding the facts of the situation I apologize.
@_date: 2017-04-27 22:01:00
Per unit price is meaningful for stocks because they can't be subdivided any further.
But for bitcoin, gold, platinum, etc. the unit is indeed somewhat arbitrary.
@_date: 2017-04-12 08:10:57
Are you saying SegWit wasn't tested thoroughly or UASF?
@_date: 2017-04-06 23:33:09
Do we require proof? Making it impossible to use settles the issue quite firmly.
@_date: 2017-04-04 22:38:16
I don't see why not. Especially if you're talking about Litecoin where code base tracks bitcoin core very closely (if i understand correctly); the changes to software developed for bitcoin are minimal.
If we're talking about other chains that aren't derived from bitcoin, the segwit-based solutions (lightning network) might take longer to port. But if interest in the chain is great enough then I expect the solutions will eventually get ported (might take a while).
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:21:59
Looking forward to [*Proof of Keys, 2020*](
@_date: 2017-04-04 22:55:39
I never knew what the rules were. But I find that in general if you're not a dick you won't be silenced by mods. I've never been moderated against/censored. As long as you're talking about things that are objectively true/reasonable (or at least in good faith) *and* relevant then I think you're fine.
Because this is the type of thing that gets misinterpreted. I'm not saying that moderators only moderate against people/comments that are malicious or false or "in bad faith". I'm sure there are examples where that's not true. I'm also not saying that they moderate against all posts that are malicious or false or "in bad faith". There are jerks on r/Bitcoin who skate by as everywhere else.
I'm just saying that *in general* you probably won't have to deal with mods if you stay on topic and listen before you speak.
Apologies for the edit. Trolls like to stir things up. And I like to make it hard for them to try without looking ridiculous.
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:13:09
I hear you loud and clear, Comrade.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:00:57
Trading usually involves buying and selling. Selling is a taxable event as you've said. OP better make sure he doesn't have to sell his bitcoins in order to cover taxes on the gains he made when he sold to increase his investment.
@_date: 2018-11-09 09:11:07
Some articles about Tulip mania:
- [The Economist: Was tulipmania irrational?](
- [Tulips and Other Myths](
- [The Tulipmania: Fact or Artifact?](
Tulip mania wasn't what people think it was.
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:55:26


If he was really money laundering, and they could prove it, I highly doubt he would have gotten off with only a year of jail time.
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:06:14


At least in the United States, ~~the Federal Reserve doesn't print money~~ (in that sense) the Treasury does. The Treasury could choose to mint a Trillion dollar coin as you say. What the Fed does is a bit more complicated.
(After a bit of research)
The Treasury issues United States Notes. The Fed issues Federal Reserve Notes. Both are legal tender. But I don't think Federal Reserve Notes tend to circulate as much.
The Fed buys bonds and other financial assets from banks thereby increasing the price of the bonds/instruments and decreasing their yield.  
The Fed uses both money that they borrow from banks, which keep funds in the Federal Reserve for various reasons, and money it issues or creates, usually electronically crediting the banks' Fed accounts with funds transferred from the special Fed account. (I've heard different explanations of how this works. Some seem to imply that the account is just allowed to be negative with arbitrary magnitude, others seem to imply that the money is properly created in that the account is always 0; but either way it seems the effect is the same.)
The process increases the money supply (by some definitions and depending on what the banks do with the extra money by other definitions).
- 
- 
@_date: 2018-03-19 17:29:29
Oh. I see why you're confused. Facts and FUD do both start with F don't they?
@_date: 2019-01-25 09:36:42
No worries. My bad. Just wondering.
@_date: 2019-01-30 08:13:57
They've basically been trying to. The push for eliminating cash is real.
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:51:37


@_date: 2019-01-24 22:53:02
If I'm understanding that properly they withdrew the ETF proposal as a courtesy rather than attempting to slip through on the off-chance that the government shutdown meant that SEC wouldn't have been able to reject the proposal.
I haven't payed attention to the details of any ETF proposals for a long while, but I probably would have just let it ride on the off chance it got through on a technicality. But, maybe there are obvious reasons that wouldn't have worked.
@_date: 2019-01-18 06:19:13
Non-SMS 2FA (TOTP or better U2F) on everything!
@_date: 2019-01-31 05:15:03
replaced with what?
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:18:18


Which ones? Links?
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:34:27
No. Hardware wallets derive much of their security from their dedicated purpose. Ideally, your private keys never leave the device and you approve all txs to be signed with those keys from the device.
Even if the hardware in the phone was identical or comparable to Trezor/Ledger it wouldn't be a replacement unless it provided a dedicated input+display mechanism that allowed you to see and approve tx data without relying upon the normal OS faculties.
Because if a person can hack your phone and trick you into sending all your money to them when you're buying groceries by just misrepresenting the tx you're approving, how could a chip inside the phone protect against that? The phone OS necessarily controls text rendering.
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:00:09
Why did you link in russian?
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:32:57
My specifics are not way off. An alternate scheme to the one proposed above would essentially use TOTP or U2F instead of public-key signatures and verification, but the principle behind the general scheme wouldn't change much.


Credit card's rely upon the same poor authentication model as SSN. If knowing my credit card number didn't give a person access to purchase things in my name but just allowed them to correlate transactions I authored, then leaking the info would harm my privacy but not my identity necessarily.
Knowing my home address isn't the same as having the title to my home.


Yes, this is exactly the problem. Data leaks feed into and expose an underlying structural problem with the way that large industries (including government) treat authentication in modern society. These are problems that have already been fairly well thought through (in Silicon Valley), the solutions just haven't been retroactively applied to the industries where they matter the most.
@_date: 2018-03-19 06:31:03
His reasoning is surprisingly sound. I don't think the effect will be as significant as one might infer from his tone, but the causal link that he's pointing out is probably sound.
**EDIT**: After thinking about it a bit more. I still think the hype that a functional LN will bring (and especially the long-term increase in capacity of the technology) is worth more both in terms of short and long-term increases in demand than there will be a corresponding increase in supply because of merchant use of payment processors to liquidate incoming payments on demand (constant market sells). I just don't think that many people are seriously going to use Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2019-01-18 05:55:43
I mean, "fool's gold" does have the word gold in it... I mean I just don't see what the problem is. If you wanted *non-fool's* gold you really should have been more specific. This is really on you for not communicating more clearly. /s
@_date: 2019-01-18 06:32:51
Instead of using your SSN (or driver's license) as proof of identity, agencies/businesses could use it as what it is, an account number.
Your SSN or ID could be a has of a public key. The government could have a public registry tying that hash to non-secret information like your name and state of residence to provide a baseline. Providing your public key and a signed message would prove your identity (at least your being tied to a particular name/state) in a particular instance.
You're still correct that anytime you reveal personal information you must trust the counterparty to deal with it responsibly. But you could make massive progress in the problem of identity theft by restructuring what people take to be "proof" of identity along the lines best practices for security/authentication,  integrating some basic public-key cryptography. 
@_date: 2019-01-25 11:12:02
Cold wallet means not exposed  to the internet. If the wallet is on the Samsung Galaxy S10--an internet connected device--it is by definition not a cold wallet.
@_date: 2019-01-19 21:33:24


False. Central banks are generally quite intentionally given a mandate of being the independent apolitical managers of monetary policy.
EDIT: [Central banks]( in most developed nations are **institutionally designed to be independent from political interference**.[2][3] Still, limited control by the executive and legislative bodies exists.[4][5]
There's a reason the financial markets plummet when Trump says he's going to fire the chair of the Fed.
@_date: 2018-03-22 10:30:52
That won't change. Fractional reserve banking isn't solved by having a good reserve currency. What I personally hope is that there will be a clear distinction between a Bitcoin and a Bitcoin derivative so that the latter can be properly discounted according to the risk associated with the possibility of a default. That's the problem with dollars. When banks create money by fractional-backed loans, there is no proper and meaningful distinction (from the perspective of the debtors) between the 'real' dollars backing the loan and the derivative dollars that are produced as a credit and owed as a liability.
@_date: 2019-01-11 02:27:25
Crypto wallets (and as much other software as possible) should be released and downloaded through [F-Droid](
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:26:12
Their competence or their benevolence?
Because in either case I don't. Samsung isn't known for providing timely updates and bug fixes. Also, they have an entire phone to develop/maintain with while Ledger/Trezor have much more focused concerns.
Further, Ledger+Trezor have their entire reputation and business staked upon very narrow and specific claims: you seed does not leave this device; no tx you don't approve is signed.  I sincerely doubt that Samsung has developers that are so much better than those at Trezor+Ledger as to make up for the gap in motivation/incentive.
@_date: 2018-02-05 02:21:25
Jesus died. But Christianity spread through Rome amidst persecution. It almost seems to have spread most virulently during the times of the greatest persecution.
EDIT: Bitcoin is cool. But I find the religious references a bit tiresome.
@_date: 2018-02-26 21:41:10
deflation not devaluation.
@_date: 2019-01-18 07:04:07
I disagree that that's the cause of identity theft.
Identity theft is caused by people using knowledge about identifiers as proof of identity. As if somebody knowing my email address allowed them to unlock all of my accounts.
Most financial institutions still treat my SSN as a secret, the revealing of which proves that they're interacting with me. If they didn't, it wouldn't be the same sort of problem when its leaked.
Account identifiers should be kept secret for the same reason I don't dox myself on reddit, I want privacy in my life. But people knowing who I am and even everything about me (such as my financial history) shouldn't necessarily translate into them being able to pretend to be me. We already know how to separate those two things with current authentication best practices, we're just lazy as a society. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 00:30:07
That's sounds good to me, eh.
@_date: 2019-01-20 04:12:10


Yes, they literally do. But they actually don't.
Politicians who speak against free reign of central banks are either ridiculed or run out of office. I really wish that wasn't the case, but it just is. The entire system of international finance is based on the functional independence of central banks. So in what ever sense people "have a say", it's within the context of undermining that fundamental premise.
I look forward to the day Congress realizes the Fed operates on powers they've delegated to it. But that would require a sort of competence and grit that is actively selected against in US politics.
@_date: 2019-01-18 07:23:07


How so?


What are the pros/cons?


Why should banks pay interest? Why would it be disastrous for them not to? In a cryptocurrency-based system where banks aren't necessary to secure money, why shouldn't a person who still relies upon a bank to do something they are empowered to be able to do themselves pay a fee?
BTW I don't think any society ever has been or ever will be perfectly full reserve. I think loans are fundamental to human relationships. But neither do I see why a full reserve system would be so bad. Or at least a system where there is a clear distinction between the monetary base and notes/loans denominated in the monetary base.
@_date: 2018-03-19 06:39:18
How is the engine running underwater?
@_date: 2019-01-31 00:57:37
In principle, I agree. But I think the exploitation that firms being able to track every transaction you make will ignite will be far more of a pressing issue in the next 20 years than the insidious vagaries of monetary manipulation.
The time is coming when whether by decentralized crypto or digital fiat people will simply choose not to use currencies that don't work/aren't useful/don't retain value. I'm not talking about 30year invisible inflation tax, I mean 2% inflation targets and price stability. People will use what works.
I guess I see it as somewhat inevitable that the wealthy will invent efficacious ways of obfuscating their wealth. They have the funds and the motivation. I don't take it for granted however that the common man will be able to effectively employ those same privacy-preserving schemes. So What happens is everybody is under a microscope the gets blurry when looking at the rich. Oh, and the people looking through the microsocope (regulators, politicians) are biased to look the other way when it comes to people their familiar to dealing with: big money/industry.
@_date: 2019-01-26 08:15:03
By saying no. It's quite simple really.
If you have more than 20K in a checking account try to go and withdraw it all at once from a smaller branch without giving any warning. You'll get how it works right quick.
I withdrew 5k once because I was buying a car in cash and the woman had the audacity to be irritated and tell me to give them advanced warning when withdrawing my money. Ah, but as long as it's in a bank its not my money. Not really.
That's why I'm in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-06 20:58:00
@_date: 2019-01-11 02:59:53




Doesn't follow. What real constraint or market force exactly do you expect to do the negating?
Speculative bubbles burn themselves out when people are no longer willing to continue to fuel the flame, when speculative demand is constrained by immediate demands--either people disbelieve the high highly speculatively valuations or their belief becomes unimportant because of external impositions (school, mortgage, car, health, travel, family, etc.).
Speculative bubbles don't self-regulate because people 'expect an increase of value'; that is literally the exact reason they happen.
@_date: 2019-01-30 08:34:53
Apparently people just want the price to go up.
@_date: 2018-03-01 02:05:56


What do you mean by this?
@_date: 2019-01-25 12:03:30
From another post of mine:






@_date: 2018-03-03 21:13:54
False. If you use only Bitcoin and Dodge lawful taxes*then* you won't fund those bombs (unless you are using your Bitcoin to buy bombs, which I have to assume is a thing).
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:17:24
Yeah. And what is the refund mechanism. Inflation or theft from people who had the misfortune of working for government?
@_date: 2018-02-17 00:33:47
The rule is that you can't trade on insider information. Usually that means if there is something damning about a stock/asset and you know before everybody else, then you can't trade on that information before it becomes public (Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO before the Intel Spectre/Meltdown debacle, or the CEO of Equifax before the hack was made public). I suppose a corollary might be that you can't buy in on knowledge that something big is about to happen, for example a new product is about to be released. To deal with this "insiders", usually employees of such companies who were given RSUs, are allowed to buy/sell their stock at specific times.
I'd guess in the case of Elon Musk that as long as he's not selling his stock he can pump Tesla/SpaceX as much as he wants.
As for Ellen I have no idea how this applies to crypto. I suppose you could consider a pump-and-dump market manipulation. But if she just holds the coin, I don't think it would be illegal. But if she pumps it as she sells and then it plummets and a lot of here listeners lose money, maybe that's a securities violation?
But even then I'm not so sure because Bitcoin isn't a security. Although she basically represented it as an investment product which might be enough to make her liable.
Does anybody else know how they deal with market manipulation in commodities markets?
@_date: 2018-02-19 01:49:15


The effect would be that since Earth will have way more hash power attempting to mine transactions on Mars would be futile. Mars bitcoin nodes would be entirely dependent on Earth miners' to 'mine' their transactions. The minimum confirmation time from the perspective of a Mars Bitcoin user lag would be 8-80min (assuming 's numbers are right). You would need add to that the 'normal' fee-dependent latency of the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-10-29 02:27:47




Apologies, mate. If I could edit the title or go back simply omit that second sentence in order to avoid that impression, I would. I named it that because it started as a response to a comment in another thread, but I decided that I had put enough effort into it to make it its own post. But it seemed a bit odd to just name it 'Why I oppose Segwit2X' as if I were an important person and people generally ought to care what I think.  I suppose in trying to make it relevant to the people reading it I ended up being offputing.
@_date: 2018-03-16 07:52:35
I can't imagine why anybody would down vote this.
@_date: 2018-02-08 18:33:28
Governments don't tax currencies. They tax people. And they can tax you however they like.
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:18:35
Are taxes fundamentally immoral? Could the same argument be used or an individual, a family, a neighborhood, a city?
@_date: 2017-10-29 03:04:36


I don't actually disagree with you. Only we disagree about what that consequence will be exactly.
The result of the political layout that I have described is not that Core gets to make arbitary changes to consensus. It's that they get to do nothing and Bitcoin, at least as far as hard forks to consensus are concerned, stays exactly the way that it is.
If they made controversial changes to consensus it would not be meaningfully different (to me and anybody else who cared) from what the businesses supporting NYA are trying to pull off. Except the code would presumably be better developed and go through a more appropriate period of review and testing by anyone concerned. And also because of their overall reputation of trustworthiness being ruined would cause a great deal more confusion and mayhem than is occuring with Segwit2X.
@_date: 2017-10-28 09:50:44
I don't oppose Segwit2x on the grounds that 2MB blocks are too large. I don't think anybody seriously opposes it on those grounds. I oppose Segwit2x on the basis that this ought not to be the way that we upgrade the protocol. Perhaps contention and controversy is inevitable. But there ought to be widespread consensus that, excepting critical flaws to Bitcoin, technical changes which threaten to cripple Bitcoin ought to be eschewed.
This hasn't been about blocksize for a while. Anybody who has been paying enough attention to the ebb and flow of arguments back and forth, and thought about the way that the Bitcoin system as a whole is defined and operates ought to have realized that. No, this is about how upgrades to the protocol are introduced, implemented and adopted.
 History
So let's take a step back and root ourselves in the history of the project.
-  Bitcoin is a software project started by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008; the network came online in January 2009. Satoshi disappeared in mid-to-late 2010. While Satoshi was around no one questioned that as the author of the software he had the right to alter the protocol as he saw fit. No one had to accept his changes (except for the fact the alert system he built into the software allowed him to basically force upgrades) but essentially he owned the Bitcoin trademark (I'm not aware he ever asserted such rights) and could have altered the software as he saw fit.
- While Satoshi was around, he assembled a group of developers to which he handed effective control of the project before disappering. He transferred control of the repositories to Gavin Andreson who became the maintainer (decides what code gets committed) of the Bitcoin project.
- This group of developers eventually became Bitcoin Core and the source code of the "official" (uncontroversial at the time) Bitcoin client was eventually moved from sourceforge to Bitcoin. On April 7, 2014, Gavin Andresen stepped down from the position of Core maintainer and nominated Laan as his successor ([source]( Wladimir van der Laan became and is the current maintainer of Bitcoin Core.
All of the above is objectively true. Over the course of these shifts in the maintainence of the Bitcoin project--from Satoshi to the community, from Satoshi to Gavin to Wladimir, from Satoshi to sourceforge to github--there has been a great deal of continuity.
 What is Bitcoin?
People spent time to think though the existential questions of Bitcoin:
- What is Bitcoin? Who gets to define it?
- How are changes to the protocol decided upon? How are they decided upon? Who gets the final say?
- Who ought to have the right to answer the questions above?
People quickly realized that nobody except for Satoshi had an unimpeachable right to answer all of the above (because he [would] owns the Bitcoin trademark): to define what bitcoin is, to make changes to the protocol, to dictate processes to facilitate the same, essentially to create an organization with the power to do all of the above. This is a common problem in Open Source projects. Who gets to decide what the software is and how to update it? There are different models, but there is a tendency toward [Benevolent Dictators for Life]( Satoshi was surely aware of this and he chose, wisely I believe, not to answer any of the above questions. I'm not sure these questions have good answers for a system which is intended for global adoption, in which it is a vital property that no one be able to unilaterally change the system. He disappeared, refusing to bear that burden or to allow people to expect him to. And very importantly forcing people to answer these questions for themselves.
(BTW people moan and groan over the apparent existential crisis that Bitcoin is having as if its a flaw, whereas I believe its part of the intended design. Think about it. Bitcoin is on a path to become something like an intenternational reserve currency/asset. Does anybody on this sub understand how crazy that is? No project or system run (defined/controlled) by an organization which *can* be coerced gets to be in a position like that. The only assets which have gotten into an even remotely similar position in recent history (creation of the Fed) have been Gold and the USD. But I digress.)
 Bitcoin is Software
Bitcoin is, primarily, two things: an open source software project and a permissionless decentralized cryptographically secured ledger. If we are going to say that Bitcoin is permissionless, then it must immediately follow that nobody gets to dictate who or even what software interacts with the Bitcoin network. In this way everyone is always free to define what Bitcoin is for themselves, to run whatever software they like and call it Bitcion. But as a community, it must be very clearly said that no person has a greater inherent right to dictate what Bitcoin is or isn't.  And we must understand this, realizing simultaneously that in order for Bitcoin to be a useful system it must have a clear definition. It is for this very practical reason that, in that absence of a formal specification, what was the Bitcoin-Qt client and what is the [Bitcoin Core client]( is referred to as the reference implementation of Bitcoin.
It is important to note the continuity with which this has been true. This continuity is the reason why despite much gripe and grumbling about the status quo, things remaining as they have been. But this resistance to change is the reason why Bitcoin is anything at all. If this resistance in the face of controversy is relaxed, the markets may or may not respond adversely in the short term, but in the long term disputes over which Bitcoin-derivative is "the real Bitcoin" will destroy any hope of widespread adoption as a "hard asset".
In the light of all of the above, and without directly or definitively answering any of the questions asked thus far, the Bitcoin reference implementation has continued to be developed as an open source project. Along the way, those developing and maintaining that project have developed processes to allow anybody to contribute subject to review and cross-examination before inclusion into the reference implementation. The broader Bitcoin community has things such as the BIP process to facilitate discussion of changes to the protocol and of standardizing schemes across the Bitcoin ecosystem; etc. .
Now in order to reduce controversy and to minimize existential strife, the Core team has been extremely conservative with regards to what might be considered 'coercive' changes to the reference implementation. By this I mean changes which break or alter consensus and therefore force other people to accept or reject the changes at the risk of fracturing the network. Hard forks are exactly this. The most important part of Bitcoin is necessarily its definition. If the publicly agreed upon definition of Bitcoin is meaningfully and persistently fractured then the network might not die (though it might be temporarily disrupted), but the usefulness of Bitcoin as a global standard might.
This is the most important reason that I oppose Segwit2x. Not because 2MB blocks are too large. Not because the 2x software which has been released is unreliable. But because changes to consensus must only happen when there is sufficiently broad consensus in the community for the change so as to make it unambiguously and unimpeachably uncontreversial. Otherwise we, as a community are jeopardizing the future success of the project.
@_date: 2018-02-26 21:41:48
No. That's not going to happen.
@_date: 2017-10-29 03:19:03
Let's assume that Core *maliciously* does nothing. They do no more development while pretending to do development and thereby 'astroturf' meaningful changes to the protocol.
What is it that you think should happen?
@_date: 2017-10-28 07:06:38
My friends and I did this in middle school. We had a running poker game that we would play for money. When the teachers realized what we were doing they were reasonably uncomfortable and told us we couldn't play for money.
So we stopped passing money around and started pretending to bet with unvaluable objects and low-value coins, while we secretly switched to a ledger of debts (which I maintained). But it was pretty obvious what was going on. They mostly left us alone from then on, however, because I guess that they realized that we weren't going to stop regardless of what they said. And hey, at least they'd have had plausible deniability if our parent's complained to the administration.
So yeah. In an environment where people (IRS, Fed, FINCEN, banks, FBI etc.) actually care I don't see anybody getting away with anything remotely similar to what you're proposing. It would get seen through immediately. I mean these people make their careers (or at least they mistakenly have it in their minds that they will) off of pitting themselves against bogeyman and confiscating wealth. They're not going to let cryptocurrencies off the hook because they don't care. And there's no way the facade would stand up in court.
@_date: 2018-02-12 00:11:06
Yes but the face value is always *waaay* below the market value.
@_date: 2017-10-28 10:20:10


I originally used consensus to refer to both social and Nakamoto consensus. I edited the post to clarify.
As for the difficulty of measuring community consensus, you're right. It's a difficult thing to measure and I haven't heard any easy methods or solutions. But I don't think that the fact that Segwit2X is controversial is itself controversial.
@_date: 2017-10-29 02:30:58


Nor should they. The "industry" didn't hire them, doesn't pay them, and doesn't get to obligate them to take positions as individuals or as a group. I don't really begrudge them trying though. Unless they break Bitcoin as a result. Then I might be a bit upset. We'll see what happens.


I'm not implying that I agree with you about Core's motivations. I think they are some of the few people who primarily oppose Segwit2X on technical grounds. Although I think that, on principle, they would oppose a hard fork that they would otherwise support if they didn't believe it had sufficient support to get adopted without controversy.
But as I noted above, of course only they get to decide what they're going to do in the future. If that's your point then it's a bit odd to phrase it as if they were acting maliciously by behaving that way.
I might take the people that support Segwit2X more seriously, as I *almost* did those who supported Bitcion Unlimited, if they at least took the time to assemble and maintain a functional alternative bitcoin client. If they want to convince everybody else that they're client is "the real Bitcoin" then sure. They're free to try do that. But it's a bit odd to expect people who disagree with you to change their mind and agree with you because...why exactly?
@_date: 2017-10-30 23:44:32
how do you account for all the 'lost' BTC?
@_date: 2017-10-28 07:39:03


Are you asking if these two statements are true or asserting that they are?
I too am interested in potentially running buying a miner and maintenance effort would be my main concern.
@_date: 2017-10-31 19:00:37
Even if he didn't sell all of them the price would probably crash if people detected that coins thought to belong to Satoshi had been moved.
If he actually sold them the price would be obliterated. Could go under $500 as speculators wash out and the market goes into a tail spin. If he really wanted to maximize the psychological harm to the market he would sell coins in a controlled way so that whenever the market began to rebound he nipped it in the bud. If he did that I could easily see sub-$100 Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-10-29 01:42:53
I didn't explicitly say everything that I meant, and I might have accidentally said things that I didn't mean so I'll clarify at least a few things.


I'm not interested in this at all. I'm adamantly against it. Honestly this is the most important sentence of the entire post:


The implication of this which perhaps I should have said quite explicitly, is that for Bitcoin to be the ideal uncoerceable monetary system it cannot be controlled by any single organization, or even by any collective group of organizations (i.e. cartel)--as I believe may be happening with this hard fork. Because there is no human, corporate entity, nation, organization of any kind on this earth which cannot be coerced. The resistance of Bitcoin to arbitrary controversial change, then is of utmost importance.
Whereas I would appear to be stressing in my original post that Bitcoin Core alone has the right to make modifications to the repository, that isn't quite my position. Just like my position isn't quite that I don't think that Segwit2X blocks are too large. The point is more that there is a logical hierarchy to these concerns and if one considers them out of the context of that hierarchy then it becomes very difficult if not impossible to approach a stable solution.
Just like I believe Bitcoin is what it is today, the king of all cryptocurrency, largely because Satoshi disappeared and forced us to figure shit out, I believe likewise that it is what it is today because of the conservative position that the core developers have taken in introducing change. If they began to make changes to the code base which were politically motivated (politics governs all of human behavior, what isn't politically motivated that people are capable of having an opinion about?)  then they would invalidate their trustworthiness, the community and ecosystem would fracture (far moreso than currently) and the adoption of cryptocurrency in general, which at the moment is benefiting from network affects which radiate out from the near universality of Bitcoin as a unit of account and exchange in this space, would be set back significantly.
Now maybe we don't need a near hegemonic (by the voluntary participation of all participants in the existing narrative--in other words the narrative is stable and uncontested) cryptocurrency to rule them all. One whose definition is governed simultaneously by a group of open source devlopers, economic participants in the system (users and miners), consensus of the broader community, and utimately, as you say, the arbitrary choices of the individual--and being tied to all of these groups, cannot easily be coopted by any of them. Maybe that sort of stability and even rigidity is not necessary. Maybe we would do better with a space which is populated by smaller clusters of communities vying for significance rather than one in which that happens in the background as a standard bearer serves to *lift all boats*. I don't know.
But personally, I'd rather have Bitcoin grow to challenge central banks arbitrary manipulation of currency and economies. Just my personal preference I guess.
 
In retrospect I would have wrote the post differently, as I misremembered a few things and got a few things regarding my own motivations confused as I wrote it fairly late last night and rather than sleep on it and edit it for clarity in the morning I let it loose.
@_date: 2018-02-28 07:35:38
I don't buy for one second that he's under-informed. He's highly intelligent and I'm sure he has a better grasp of the value proposition and technology behind crypto-assets than most "investors" in them. Now don't get me wrong, I disagree with him. But his position is coherent and not based on misinformation. Most of the earliest *real* use cases for cryptocurrency were illegal in some way or another.
When people argue that crypto is good despite people using it for illegal things they usually mean one of two things: the illegal usecases (drugs) aren't really morally reprehensible; or the legality of the usecases has no bearing on the acceptability of the technology. I alternate between these positions myself.
But more than either of them I more think that cryptocurrency is inevitable and that the opportunities provided by a truly free market outstrip in the long term the social disruption caused by facilitating the criminal element for which (along with the unbanked or over-regulated) this tech fills a pressing need.
And Bill's position is entirely consistent with his career. If I remember correctly somebody reverse engineered Windows 95-2000 (at least) and found what amounted to a backdoor for the NSA. He believes that government should have a backdoor. He's always believed this. I disagree but let's not pretend that this hasn't always been his position. He's said as much with respect to Apple's refusal to comply with the FBI and on many other occasions.
@_date: 2017-10-28 10:08:09
- You can't fight a fork with a PoW change for the very simple reason that a PoW change is a fork. Any superior claim to legitimacy would be nullified.
- PoW changes are to be reserved to fixing problems which threaten the integrity or security, the basic functioning, of the ledger, Bitcoin.
- If we, as a community, start using PoW changes to "punish" the miners then we're on a really really bad path, that won't end the way you think it does.
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:49:26
Fiat is mostly digital these days. How much money do you have in cash as opposed to checking/savings/money market accounts?
The difference is that Bitcoin allows people to have direct control of their digital asset whereas the legacy (fiat) financial system attaches a litany of regulations and obscene privileges before one can exert comparable control of their funds.
@_date: 2018-04-09 16:56:43
I would imagine in depends on who originally locked up the funds to open the channel. It would be impossible to begin with such a state so I would imagine that you would simply create a rule (or deduce from the LN spec) that says that the person who started off with more funds gets any fractional satoshi left over.
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:48:14
Mm. You thought you were asserting equality but really you were using the assignment operator. Woz claim to be mathematician is overwritten by his claim to Bitcoin. He's rich as fuck tho.
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:42:52
EDIT: [Reply]( moved to first level.
 
@_date: 2017-05-15 19:54:45
Thank you. I was getting confused.
@_date: 2017-05-12 23:13:16
Have decent computer security. Bitcoin's not the problem. The fact that somebody installed malware on your computer is.
@_date: 2017-05-28 14:42:36
Agreed. But doesn't change any part of what I said.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:50:13
That's likely true. But not as long as it take more than 1 satoshi to actually settle. And I'd imagine there'd be similar problems with any deterministic scheme. 
Probabilistic schemes would seem to be best but it seems like you'd need to be able to reference a neutral source of randomness like the hash of the last block in order for that to not be susceptible to basically the same problems. I'm not familiar enough with Script to go any further off the cuff.
@_date: 2017-05-12 02:31:48


Source on this statistic?
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:02:52


Bullshit. That's why I'm holding therefore my claim holds. I hold nothing against those who are here only for profit but my claim was 


And that is most certainly true. I am part of that some.
@_date: 2017-05-15 16:25:32
I'll take a look at the code to refresh my understanding. But it might be nice in a future transaction format (if things ever calm down to the point where that's possible again) to have both (either?) a VALID_AFTER (post-dated checks) and VALID_BEFORE (checks with an expiration date) field.


But yes, without some decent scaling improvements such as SegWit, Lightning Network, RSK, MAST, etc. this seems to me to be exactly what would happen. And as far as I can tell with the current indecision/gridlock this is the path we're currently on.
I like to argue that Bitcoin serves two related but distinct purposes:
1. **Bitcoin is a definition (and store) of value** within the cryptocurrency space due to it's trustless nature, first-mover status, demonstrated stability and reliability. It defines what it means for other cryptocurrencies to be value by serving as a unit of account in the cryptocurrency space. It has by far the largest number of holders.
2. **Bitcoin is a medium of exchange** due its first mover status and immense improvement over the traditional banking system and centralized extensions thereof such as Paypal or Venmo. It has the most vendor acceptance and is (was) the only reasonable choice to accept cyrptocurrency payments due to its ubiquity--unique unless one is using something like Shapeshift. This use-case is crippled by high fees which do not scale with the value of a payment.
Bitcoin does the first as well as anybody could ask. It's ability to perform the second has been called into question. There don't seem to be any easy answers that will make this problem go away (SegWit included. not an easy answer. and the problem will get better but won't just go away).
I've been confident so far that Bitcoin will continue to perform the first for if for no other reason that the process of it being replaced as the gold standard that every other currency problem will be traded and valued against will be a very messy and difficult process if it ever happens at all.
But if Bitcoin doesn't scale to meet people's hopes, I'm starting to get worried that Bitcoin's price won't rise enough, Bitcoin won't become enough of a standard to survive the shift in usage from  valuable medium of exchange and stable store of value to primarily only a precious store of value (with extremely low velocity but extremely high acceptance/staying power). Gold had several millennia of ubiquitous acceptance  before it was forced to make this transition. Bitcoin has had less than ten years.
I don't agree with the big-blockers about a lot, and I think that crowd is packed with [complainypants]( (and shills) rather than visionaries (or even non-visionary level-headed adults who can make good decisions while enduring a great deal of pain). But when they talk about Bitcoin being 'strangled in its cradle' by high fees and long confirmation times, that is capacity falling far behind demand, I am genuinely afraid that they're right.
@_date: 2017-05-06 20:38:50
When they need the computer and they have the money to buy it, the y do. If they choose to wait it wasn't that important. Why should we as a society be interested in incentivizing that transaction if the person himself doesn't value it that much or doesn't think its that urgent?
It's not as if buying a computer or any other generic economic activity is fundamentally moral and must be enshrined. Like it might make sense to incentivize child birth because our civilization literally depends upon people having babies, but even then it's iffy.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:49:51
Cool. It'll feel stupid too. Feel free to ignore it. It's just users reasserting control over the network.
We don't have any power anyway right? We just have to take whatever you give us right?
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:00:19
Bitcoin is great because you have the choice to trust no one.
If you're only interested in Bitcoin as an asset and not as a trustless system, you have every reason to trust a Bitcoin exchange or bank or "hosted wallet" to hold your funds securely.
But if there is malfeasance don't expect to get your coins back. They'll be gone. You *might* get your fiat equivalent back if your government cares to help (they probably won't) Don't get gox'd.
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:13:25
Your comparison is useful but not fair. Bitcoin might lose it's value just like the dollar might but if you own Bitcoin there is no need for something like the FDIC because you have direct possession of the coins. ( Having your bitcoin on an exchange is the same as having your money in a bank. You don't own the money you deposited, you own a claim on the amount of cash you deposited).
Arguing that Bitcoin is more likely to lose value than the dollar is separate from custodial issues (with respect to which Bitcoin is a strict improvement).
@_date: 2017-05-06 23:08:40
I don't know what a blockstreamer is. I thank you for your concern. But I don't believe you're correct. I suppose we'll see.
What is the attack you were describing exactly? Most people don't value Bitcoin only or even primarily because it has the largest hash rate. That is a source of pride but not the base reason. The reason Bitcoin is still king is because it has the longest track record of being sound and stable. Bitcoin hasn't suffered any meaningful attacks or disruptive bugs for longer than most (all?) alts have existed. That simply isn't going to change. Bitcoin has more brand name recognition and market share because of it. Even when people know Bitcoin because they're displeased with it, this will still be true. This may not keep Bitcoin ahead forever, but it will easily last for a few years which may be the defining years for cryptocurrency adoption.
I think you underestimate the staying power of money. Money is inherently monopolistic and driven by demand, by people ascribing value to it. As long as people are trading Bitcoin on exchanges, the price isn't going to plummet any time soon. It might correct downward, but it will retain its status as the reserve cryptocurrency because there is no clear alternative. ETH, XRP, LTC, DASH, XMR, XEM, will all duke it out. But none will emerge as universally accepted. All the while their rises and falls will primarily run through BTC be traded against BTC which will leach off of their success (as much as the opposite). It is possible that some popular application such as Ripple's ILP makes them all interchangeable. But until that happens Bitcoin is not going anywhere.
To answer directly. If a hedge fund tried something like that, they'd be ignored unless their solution was materially better than Bitcoin and more popular. (hash rate being not so important). I don't see that happening, not because it couldn't, but just unlikely. And it's not an attack that Bitcoin is possible of protecting itself against anyway.
@_date: 2017-05-23 23:59:05
The point is that consensus can't be formed form the top down because the people involved have proven themselves to have diametrically opposed interests. I'm not saying a compromise should be rejected out of hand because it was proposed by Silbert or anybody else. **But it is very much a problem if we expect somebody else to decide when this debate is over.** Nobody can decide that but each person who uses a full node to receive payments.


Dialog between who and who? I think there is plenty of dialog on reddit, on bitcointalk, heck even on btc. We all have a decent understanding (if we care to) of what everybody else believes at this point. **The problem is not a lack of dialog**. The problem is believing that we need to elect champions to speak on our behalf.
If there is going to be any action it's going to be because everybody chooses it individually not because they consent to the decision made by some committee or recognizable group of well-meaning interested people.
  - There are a significant number of people who are adamantly against a hard-fork in this heated, vitriolic climate (i.e. they want either nothing or Segwit; some want extension blocks).
  - There are also a significant number of people who demand a hard fork immediately or nothing at all (i.e. no Segwit; 2/4/8MB HF or BU and maybe segwit or flex trans later on).
These are simply not reconcilable positions. The problem is not a lack of dialog, it's not a lack of compromise. So what do we do? If we wait for a political compromise to take root, even ignoring the long-term problems of setting a precedent, we will be waiting forever because the conversation is necessarily skewed to those who take these extreme (not to de-legitimize) positions.
A top-down compromise which excludes one of these extremes is rather dangerous because it sets a precedent for disregarding a vocally opposed minority. It is vitially important to the value-proposition of Bitcoin that there be no head, nobody to decisively make such controversial non-universal decisions/upgrades/edicts/compromises, not one person, not a cartel, not a committee. Because governments can coerce those. This is the entire reason Core is so finicky about hard forks. If they have the power to dictate a HF, or even to validate a HF by their approval (maybe to a compromise), they become an unacceptable choke-point in the governance system.
The only solution is for there to be a bottom-up movement to move us past this. BU relies on miners who have chosen for whatever reason to be passive and indecisive in how to proceed. So my bet is on Segwit through user-enforced MASF (BIP148).
Any questions?
@_date: 2017-05-24 21:04:46
Yes. You are correct.
@_date: 2017-05-28 15:13:34
What is the nature of the problem you're referring to?
If you want, you can use multisig or create a custom locking script distribute backups to induce other parties to act on your behalf in an agreed manner after you die.
Maybe they'll accept a few more features. But what's not going to happen is adding some mechanism to allow for the 'liberation' of 'lost' or 'dead' coins. Because how could the blockchain possibly know when you died?
@_date: 2017-05-06 20:34:15


Like how the US Dollar is extremely suitable for illegal transactions? 
  - 
  - 
  - 
Multiple banks have been caught funding terrorists and drug cartels. And you don't move that kind of money around without knowing what's going down.
But I don't blame the dollar. I blame the banks. I blame the terrorists. I blame the cartels. But only a fool would blame the dollar. Like only a fool would blame opiates (the actual substance) for the crisis of opiate addiction in many western nations. **Of course a fungible asset which represents value and can be traded for literally anything is going to get traded for drugs and guns and its going to get used to fund terrorists.** What else would drug cartels use to sell drugs or terrorists use to buy bombs and guns? Apples? **But does that mean that we don't get to have money because some shitty people did some shitty things?** We always knew they might. Should we get rid of pencils because some kid once got murdered by his friend with a nice, sharp No. 2? This line of thought is absurd and everybody who spends 2 seconds thinking about it knows it.
@_date: 2017-05-26 03:27:04
It is very unlikely anybody is going to respond to your begging positively here (or anywhere else).
But you don't need coinbase to buy bitcoin. (assuming you are actually a child) If you have some money (presumably cash) which your parents are ok with you spending, you can use something like [localbitcoins]( to get some bitcoin to play around with. Download a mycelium on your smart phone to receive payments. Good Luck.
Seriously don't beg. Not on the internet, not in real life.
@_date: 2017-05-24 16:52:10
I can't speak for everyone else. But I'd gladly accept the signatories signalling and activating a Segwit+2mb HF *before August 1*. But I have no trust left in the ability of the people who signed that agreement to lead this community. So I'll believe it when I see it.
In the mean time I'm signalling for UASF (BIP148). Because this shit has gone on long enough.
@_date: 2017-05-25 05:40:48
Damn. That's serious.
@_date: 2017-05-16 00:44:22




Jihan makes a lot of money. Like a lot. He has huge profit margins.
And even If tx fees drop to 0 Bitmain still manufactures and sells some of the only competitive miners on the market.
He's not going away any time soon.
@_date: 2017-05-27 22:47:25
Did say anything that wasn't true? If so give the correction.
You need to run your own node to use Bitcoin trustlessly which is very much the point. Otherwise you are trusting someone else to tell you when and if you've been paid and when and if your payments have been settled.
@_date: 2017-05-23 23:05:48
While I don't like the tone of the post and I am sympathetic to your perspective; and I appreciate that people like Barry Silbert are trying to form actionable solutions and get enough stakeholders behind them to move them forward; I think that it's not people like OP who are fomenting stalemate but people like you.
Everybody has this disembodied perspective that they ought to wait for 'the community' to settle things, to come to a compromise. This narrative is what has caused the current stalemate. Rather than people deciding what they think is the way forward and acting on it, we've been caught in this perpetual state of looking to Core or Business or Miners or BU to come together and form consensus. But that's not working and it's not going to. Miners have had how long to choose a proposal and signal for it and they're only barely coming around now (the majority) to signal for *any* proposal, let alone to form consensus. No that's not the way forward. These interested third parties have proven that they can't be relied upon to lead us, to represent us.  
People need to take responsibility for themselves and for the community that they claim to be a part of and choose a way forward and act on it. This is what UASF is and represents. And this is exactly why it's what we need.
The time has past for backroom (or open front-room) dealings between considerable interested parties. They had their chance and they couldn't move us forward. I sympathize, I'm not blaming them really. They did what they thought they were supposed to. What we as a community encouraged them to by our own personal passivity. Now we need to obviate their role in this debate and each of us step up ourselves. And directly assert our weight with USAF.
Only then will this shameful governance debate end. Bitcoin won't have a king. It won't have a government (as such). It won't have a governing council. Bitcoin Foundation's irrelevance has made that painfully clear. What then?
Bitcoin is governed by each of us individually and irrevocably.
Sorry for the quasi-organized rant mate. When I get worked up...
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:24:40
I wasn't aware there was a change.org petition. Nor do I care that there is. The only truly meaningful signal of my support is when I begin enforcing the UASF on August 1st.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:22:09
Lol. No. I'll begin enforcement of BIP148 on August 1 with everyone else.
Upgrades are a coordination problem. Fortunately frustration with miners is helping people to rally behind BIP148.
If you want to fork on your own I encourage you to stand by your convictions. :)
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:59:26
I apologize for the rant which became a bit disorganized.
**TL;DR** Like every libertarian you've talked to about Bitcoin has already told you: **Unpredictable, hidden, discretionary monetary inflation is indistinguishable from both theft and censorship and is directly contrary to the interests of a free and liberal society.**
EDIT: Before you read on make sure you understand the [difference]( between [monetary inflation]( and [price inflation](
Bitcoin doesn't have anything to do with standard economics. Standard economics obfuscates the truth of the matter.
You own Bitcoin. So you would rather hold Bitcoin than whatever inflationary fiat currency is the alternative. This ability to choose is central to a functioning economic system. Bitcoin gave you a choice and you chose.
The fundamental premise in economics is that of free trade. People trade the things they have but don't want (or value relatively less) for things they do (or value relatively more). Everybody ends up getting more of what they want. If people, public institutions, banks, corporations, governments, societies find an increased relative value in inflationary currencies then they can have them. I want Bitcoin.
Now to answer you more directly. I don't remember all my economics but there are basically two reasons I've found economists say they like a bit of (price) inflation:
  1. To "encourage" economic activity
    - But why should anybody encourage economic activity? If the basis of modern, liberal economics is truly consensual free trade as I describe above, then economic activity should occur naturally when it is in the interest of both parties to do so. If both parties would not otherwise have it in their interest to conduct a trade who does it benefit that they should? And where does this benefit come from?
   - [**If both parties would not otherwise have it in their interest to conduct a trade who does it benefit that they should**] One might say that it benefits society in some vague and general way but is this so? I think the burden of proof is on the economist to demonstrate it is so, not on me to demonstrate that it isn't. I would argue that in fact, it benefits people who wish to use said economic activity as a signal to represent the true objective health of the economy (benefit of trade reaped by its participants). Incentivizing economic activity then artificially inflates whatever given metric is being observed, but as a whole **no benefit is conferred to the parties engaging in the relevant transaction.** In short the benefit is for bureaucrats and economists. If you doubt that it is so, sincerely ask yourself, "Where does this supposed benefit to 'society' (whatever that is) come from? Who pays for it? Who (specifically) benefits?".
    - [**Who pays for it? Who (specifically) benefits?**] Aside from the ephemeral benefit of artificially inflating economic signals to inflate the ego or careers of bureaucrats or economists, what is the cost and benefit of inflationary currencies?  So in an economy price signals value. I don't actually have a problem with price inflation, if a currency is worth less in real terms then maybe people just value it less with respect to the goods that are being measured. This is fine and may be natural. What is not natural is artificial monetary inflation. **For money to be a meaningful signal for price it's supply must be fixed, or at least it's expansion known by all, in advance of valuation.** Why? Because if money is fungible as it ought to be and I can print as much as I want then I get to steal value from people already owning the currency. Simply put the way money is currently brought into creation in Central Banking systems is a defect in the proper definition of money which fundamentally undermines its ability to serve its purpose. People who can print money (governments, banks, corporations, whoever) by doing so steal *value* from people who already own it. 
      - Now bankers and politicians are generally intelligent (until they're not). So they don't cause hyperinflation by just printing a bunch of money (what I think really caused the Great Depression) they just steal the wealth of the masses slowly in a controlled fashion but the act and its meaning is the same. And this is a very efficient system of money creation for various reasons and as long as we were using paper money, we couldn't do much better. Don't get me wrong when people say that monetary inflation through central banks funds wars they're right. But they forget that the *United States largely funded WWII through exactly this type of wealth confiscation*. The populous, the entire economy was manipulated towards the end of spinning of the military and winning the war. And that was a good thing. But is it right for society to be fundamentally structured in such a way as to allow central bankers and politicians to unilaterally make such decisions. Manipulating currency is equivalent in my book to manipulating the flow of information, leading innevitably if slowly to 1984-type scenarios. 
    - [**And where does this benefit come from?**] As I explained above. People who print money benefit. People who benefit from getting to point towards the effects of printing money (which are illusory as signals for "the economy" as a whole insomuch as they are manipulated so) as justification for their actions/careers to and/or to boost their own egos/reputations benefit. **And this benefit is stolen from ordinary people who are unaware of the iniquitous and inequitable definition of their money, who don't or barely understand the implications and the source causes of monetary inflation because they've never seen a fair system.**
  2. To make wages which are naturally "sticky" a less sticky.
    - I apologize. This originally felt important but after ranting quite a bit I feel it is less so. Basically, I need to buy into a system where central bankers can steal the value of the money I own because employers don't like to tell their employees that (possibly through no fault of the employee) the employer doesn't value the employee's work as much anymore and so won't be paying them as much. Please. That's weak. I'm not buying into such a weak system rationalized by such weak economic theories.
I hope I've demonstrated that *monetary* inflation is not good for a society. It is not good for people who honestly use money to signal value. It is only good for banks and corporations and governments (and possibly politicians and economists) whose interests must not be confused with mine. My (the generic untitled citizen) interests matter. Theirs do not. Whatsoever. 
Some interesting reading:
[One more thing.](
The negative result of incentivizing economic activity (a trade) when there is no natural sufficient incentive to justify said trade is to encourage malinvestment. You essentially divide the population into people who don't think far enough ahead to invest at all (or very much) and so have their wealth/value stolen. And people (let alone banks/corporations who are the primary recipients of the extra cash pumped into the economy via monetary inflation) who are so desperate for high returns on investment to claw back what has been stolen from them, that they make bad investments (worse than they would have if the artificial pressure was less). And these bad investments *weaken* society as a whole.
As an addendum and in review. Let us consider the root fallacy that I have spent so much time to refute. You started by asserting that inflation -&gt; increased economic activity, which is probably true. I have talked about the evils of hidden,discretionary (because monetary inflation everyone has consented to and is *actively aware* of is less of 
a moral evil/threat) monetary inflation and the illusory nature of the benefits of an *inflated economy*.
I now directly attack the entire thrust of your assertion by asking you to imagine a free society, with no (or low) tariffs or unreasonable (i am not in favor of no regulation; what is reasonable is open to debate) restrictions on people to trade, freely but consensually, without coercion or fraud, what they don't want for what they do. What would it mean if there were *absolutely no trade/economic activity* in such a world? Would it be bad? Horrible? Must be avoided at all costs? No at all. It would mean that *everybody has exactly what they want such that tney cannot improve their perceived satisfaction with their lot by trading*. That is an unlikely scenario to ever occur. But. **Would that be so bad?**
Again I am forced to apologize for my loquacious monologue. 
@_date: 2017-05-28 21:58:44




Does not follow. Insomuch as they are both currencies (assets with "no intrinsic value") and more broadly are both ways of holding wealth they are directly comparable. The dollar undergoes regular, unpredictable (by statue, in practice there is little surprise) monetary inflation leading to continual price inflation. Bitcoin has a predetermined monetary inflation that tapers to nothing and that people buy into as a part of the value proposition of the asset.
More specifically, even though the US dollar isn't going anywhere due to the military prominence of the United States (gov) whereas Bitcoin might collapse in on itself, in the (very likely) event that Bitcoin does not collapse into nothingness it will almost certainly better be a better store of value than the dollar.
@_date: 2017-05-06 18:18:00
Nobody's saying Bitcoin isn't limited in it's current functionality. But as much as it doesn't help from your perspective for people to defend that limited functionality. It doesn't help from my perspective for you to pretend like it's not functional as has pointed out.
Bitcoin is working just fine. It could be working better. Let's try and make it work better. But let's not start by pretending like we're fixing something that's fundamentally broken or we'll get no where.
Another point. Bitcoin doesn't have staying power simply because people "have vested interests". It isn't resistant to change because "a lot of money is at stake". It's resistant to change because this is by design a fundamental property of the system. In fact, the one which gives it staying power.
People trust and will continue to use Bitcoin despite all the issues because they know that in order for the system rules to change there must be overwhelming consensus. That is a necessary prerequisite for any system which claims to be able to *define* wealth. Understand that transferring wealth is a necessary part of Bitcoin but it's not the base. The base is that Bitcoin *defines* wealth and in order for this definition (the rules of the Bitcoin system) to be meaningful it must be nearly universal.
It is for this reason that even when Bitcoin is despised and ridiculed by those that once praised and love it, it will even then for a while remain the standard of cryptocurrencies. I do not say this is inevitable, but likely. It is possible Bitcoin will be overtaken due to neglect by the community, but it is not likely. Because Bitcoin is already 'far behind the curve' as it were and yet it still dominates.
@_date: 2017-05-06 18:05:00
Bitcoin doesn't derive it's value from miners. The only way Bitcoin gets overtaken is if people value a competing product more, which might happen.
But in my opinion it's not likely at this point. Bitcoin is uniquely positioned to be the definition of value in the cryptocurrency space. In this context it is important that it be sovereign, uncensorable, trustless (able to be verified by anybody--read as many people as possible--who are willing to do so). As points out, no other currency comes close to Bitcoin in these respects.
As far as user adoption, if Bitcoin's primary use is as a *definition* of value in the crytpo-currency space then it is not lessened by competing systems which users adopt because of increased usability or transaction throughput, though these are indeed desirable and will make Bitcoin stronger.
The one thing Bitcoin has that no other crytpocurrency can replicate quickly if at all is that people use it as a unit of account in this space. It is possible that it will be replaced, but not likely, if only because it has multiple viable competitors each of which could potentially alone overtake Bitcoin, but taken as a whole people will be unable to decide which to chose definitively so Bitcoin will remain the definition/unit of account.
Sorry for rambling.
@_date: 2016-10-31 19:58:43
Point well expressed, but I do think there is a relatively large group of people aware of and interested in Bitcoin and other crypto-currencies for many of the reasons discussed on this thread, but are unwilling to subject their finances to an unproven system.
Bitcoin is in the process of proving itself. And in comparison to standard banking infrastructure, it's gaining consumer/vendor confidence fairly quickly. But its got nowhere near enough credibility to compare to the standard banking infrastructure that's developed over the last several thousand, but especially ~500 yrs.
Specifically, the risk people run when they invest in Bitcoin is that they are now committed in proportion to the size of their investment. The willingness of people to invest in a currency is somewhat related to their ability to extract from the currency the value they put into it. In fractional reserve banking systems, the erosion of this trust would cause a run, in which everybody is liable to lose their money.
With respect to bitcoin, there is no central entity making investments with your'e money, but the same issue applies. If I put money into Bitcoin can I get it out? If Bitcoin doesn't scale, if everybody puts money in and then can't access it reliably, then the answer is kind of no.
Bitcoin is getting past this slowly, and painfully, by gradual adoption and by fixing problems mostly before they arise. Transaction volume is increasing, market cap is increasing, and accordingly, confidence is increasing. And there are other non-fixable fundamental aspects of Bitcoin which may be undesirable to some rather powerful committed parties (governments). But overall I wouldn't downplay the "not every body can use it at the same time" argument for its non-use. That's pretty much exactly the problem.
TL;DR People won't go to Joe's if there not certain that they'll be served whenever they choose to show up; not only now but in the arbitrary, unpredictable future.
P.S. This is longer and maybe not as coherent as I had hoped, but I don't have time to revise/reorganize so I'll post as is. Sorry.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:01:53


Because there are people who want to force bigger blocks at the same time.
@_date: 2017-05-27 22:40:44
Some are buying to hold their wealth outside of the traditional banking system. A vote of no confidence.
@_date: 2017-05-30 05:16:49
If only there had been an active developer there to make explicit what people were agreeing to... /s
But seriously. Luke's going to propose and code what he feels will be useful. Some will appreciate that. Others won't.
In either case, I have no doubt that code resembling what those at the consensus meeting thought they were agreeing to will appear. It shouldn't matter if Luke's (or Cores) code doesn't​ satisfactorily represent the agreement since he (they), wasn't party to the agreement.
@_date: 2017-05-24 16:47:05


 I don't hate miners or treat them as the enemy. But to whatever extent that people do, it's because the miners aren't in alignment with their wishes. They've put themselves in an adversarial position by not agreeing with the vocal majority of informed users. The only way they wouldn't be considered an adversary is if the users fell behind the miners which is backasswards.
This is about  telling "fuck you" to the miners in a way. Not punitively or malicioiusly. But Bitcoin is a house that needs to be put in order. Everybody needs to understand that Bitcoin is not about harmony its about rational self-interest and the users are the heads of this household; the miners are hired help. Until that gets drilled into everybody's minds (and they behave like it) UASF is still very much on the table. 
@_date: 2017-05-16 17:36:48
Who says they aren't or aren't going to. The FBI has been known to serve warrants with gag orders. If it gets serious I see no reason they wouldn't do the same to Coinbase or Gemini or Poloniex or any other exchange they seriously suspect is aiding or facilitating or frustrating the pursuit of terrorism or money laundering.
But the exchanges know this and they're going to bend over backwards to provide government agencies with everything they need (short of hurting their business model).
@_date: 2019-05-15 01:37:42
LOL. I saw the D and thought: "Is that Dash or Doge?... Definitely DOGE."
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:31:55
I own plenty. And I'm tired of stalemate and I'm not interested in any further compromise. So I'm going to move forward. Others might not come with me but I suspect many will.
Miners can't fight shit. The only thing that matters is if users don't support it. That might be a problem. And after a month or two of rejecting non-segwit blocks and seeing how things shake out I might change my mind.
I won't be "happy" with a PoW HF. But that has nothing to do with BIP148. I reserve that for if miners choose to attack the current chain which I think is unlikely.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:42:53
1 btc = 100,000,000 Satoshi
The satoshi is indivisible (like the cent in the US). You can buy as many or as few satoshi as you want and can afford.
@_date: 2018-12-23 08:01:18
Instead of just downvoting me could you actually help me to read the chart better maybe?
@_date: 2019-05-13 19:15:47


You're statements are true. Why tangle your words with double/triple negatives?
(Also, sorry for being nitpicky, but I think the literal meaning of your second sentence is that none of your statements are true (not untrue = true), which I assume is the opposite of what you meant).
@_date: 2018-12-22 18:19:45
Nano: ~3s 
XLM: ~5s
- [NANO Beats XRP in a Recent Binance Deposit Speed Test](
- [ranking and speed screenshot](
@_date: 2018-12-23 21:48:37
@_date: 2018-12-04 08:16:44
Yes, being arrested is scary. And the threat of being arrested is often quite effective regardless of how unwise or ultimately infeasible the position the law stakes out is.
For activity one might expect to be able to keep reasonably on the down low like paying/employing illegal immigrant tenant workers for under minimum wage, people do it despite the threat because they think they won't get caught. But, I mean Bitcoin's not exactly secret in the way people for whatever reason seem to assume.
There is no reasonable expectation other than getting caught if you ignore the sanctions. Doesn't mean that it's not bullshit or that people won't ultimately ignore them, but threats do work for a while.
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:11:06
Are you sure 6s makes all other crypto payments look bad? All of them? You should do better research.
Not saying lightning isn't amazing. It is.
@_date: 2018-12-22 23:29:56
I'm not. You are. I responded to his perspective as exactly that.
@_date: 2017-06-02 07:01:10
If miners 51% attack the UASF chain they effectively double the hashrate dedicated to the UASF chain, increasing the likelihood of a reorg into the UASF chain.
@_date: 2017-06-15 22:03:24
He did give a reason. He just wasn't entirely coherent/straightforward about it.




The finance-industrial complex insomuch as it consists of bankers and usurers is implicitly antagonistic to the financial freedom of the working class. Because after a certain point the only way to increase or sustain their parasitism is to continue to suck the life out of the economy long after doing so ceases to provide any benefit to their 'customers' (mostly victims).
@_date: 2018-12-26 02:39:30
for exactly that reason it is a bank run.
@_date: 2018-12-29 10:42:04
And yet somehow, his aunt couldn't send 5k to Mexico to rebuild her house.
It's almost as if relying upon custodial services puts you at their arbitrary and unreliable whims.
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:07:48
People consume drugs.
@_date: 2017-06-15 22:07:21


Pics or it didn't happen.
@_date: 2018-12-22 23:07:07
OK? The person I responded to said 6s. You asked 'What?" and I assumed you wanted to know what I meant. I told you. I'm not arguing against the LN, I was noting that his awareness of his experience wasn't properly calibrated with good market research.
Personally, I can't wait until many coins develop their own version of the LN and cross-chain swaps become common and you can have something like a true decentralized exchange. But I don't expect anything approaching that for a few years.
@_date: 2018-12-03 22:23:28
US citizens who don't want to be arrested care. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:20:33
Satoshi mined 1mm coins because nobody else wanted to not because nobody else could. The client was already released.
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:47:29
/s? 
That's exactly what they do.
@_date: 2018-12-23 00:03:05
Unless I'm misreading that chart, there hasn't ever been a housing market crash until 2008?
Were ~1950,~1980, and ~1990 crashes? Or do you not consider the boomers as having been financially invested in them (in particular the c.1950 crash)?
@_date: 2017-06-15 21:56:26


And a longer chain of pain when the eventual contraction of the debt-based money supply occurs as people realize that they aren't going to be paid back---as they stop trusting the intermediaries upon which we for some godforsaken reason chose to base our monetary system (banks).
@_date: 2017-06-19 16:46:20
Not malicious. Just saving face.
@_date: 2019-05-13 21:35:12
Can't tell if you're being serious or not. If you sold all your Bitcoin, I hope it was because you understood for yourself that Bitcoin as it currently stands is heading towards a massive fee wall in the next bull run and is unsustainable. And specifically not because you were convinced of that for a passing moment by a single Reddit comment.
If you invest based on deep convictions it's much easier to hold through all the loud noise. I happen to agree with him and don't currently hold any BTC, but for anybody who needs to look to Reddit to inform your sense of fundamental value, I would recommend a much more gradual approach.
But assuming you're not a troll making a joke I don't understand, good luck to you.