@_author: entegral
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:13:10
running a full node simply allows you to have a personal copy of the entire ledger *as it exists now*. It does not allow you to contribute in any way to the security of the network with regards to future transactions (which is the purpose of mining). Mining essentially randomizes the source of each block (of transactions) that is added to the blockchain. If only a handful of entities are contributing new blocks to be added to the permanent ledger, which is made much easier through the use of centralizing devices like ASICs, then you end up needing to trust those entities, which defeats the entire purpose of creating the trustless network/ledger that cryptocurrencies like bitcoin have the potential to provide. 
I definitely agree with you that more and more countries will jump on the bandwagon and start adding massive mining warehouses of their own. No country that comes to rely on bitcoin is going to want other nations to have a disproportionate advantage over the addition of new transactions to the shared ledger.  But to me, thats still a more-centralized, trust-requiring system that concentrates power similar to competing banking institutions exist across nations today. In a truly decentralized Network every end-user would be collecting and submitting blocks of transactions to be added to the blockchain. In this case, any attacker would have a significantly reduced likelihood of being able to contribute a malicious block. This increased security should be more attractive to investors. Is it reasonable for EVERYONE to mine? Probably not, but Vertcoin is making it possible for many MANY more "average-Joe's" to contribute from home in just one click (they have a one-click Miner).
edits: formatting and spelling. damn autocorect.
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:48:28
They provide a very high-level explanation in the second paragraph of their site [here](  Bitcoin's network used to be secured through GPU mining. Once it's value reached a certain threshold it became profitable to design dedicated circuitry (Google ASICs) that are orders of magnitude more powerful and electrically efficient than GPUs. They are very very expensive, even compared to current GPU prices, effectively preventing widespread end-user adoption/contribution to the network. Currently the Bitcoin network is almost entirely secured by a small-ish number of players that own massive warehouses of those devices, and this is why u/baileyaye thanks 'Jihan' (a guy who runs a massive ASIC mining operation in China).
All of the other features that Bitcoin have are shared with vertcoin, however the network itself is capable of being far more decentralized by being dedicated to ensuring that end-users can contribute to the security of the network.
@_date: 2017-10-24 16:32:46
Bitcoin definitely leads the crypto pack right now, but mostly because it was first-to-market. With regards to decentralization, wins in that category by a long shot