@_author: envereum
@_date: 2019-02-13 12:18:44
I suppose it's harder to notice when you get nickel and dimed for each transaction it's more of a "death by a thousand cuts" scenario. By no means am I saying it is insignificant. It's the whole reason why I moved towards $5 ACH transfers versus 3% foreign card spends which apparently will get your account closed since they want their fees.
I also disagree with your sentiment regarding the "hubbub" because for the unbanked HODLers this card is their only access to the banking system i.e. paying bills, rent, food, etc.
On the Bitpay website they make multiple claims:
"Load dollars using your bitcoin wallet, spend anywhere"
\-  You can't spend everywhere because compliance will close your account
"The BitPay Card is one of the fastest, easiest ways to turn your bitcoin into dollars."
\- Turning Bitcoin into dollars apparently will trigger compliance to close your account
"Load dollars onto your BitPay Card using your bitcoin wallet. Funds are ready to spend in minutes."
\- Spending funds shortly after loading will trigger compliance to close your account
If using this card as originally intended by Bitpay triggers a compliance department to close accounts that means the product has failed in all of its primary objectives.
@_date: 2019-02-13 00:21:38
Hey &amp;
My account was among those closed by your partner FirstView. I must say the representative from FirstView financial had a very pompous attitude. I really can't recommend this service to anyone when you hold a business relation with a subpar partner like them. Ironically, I just had 2 people in the last week ask me about the card and couldn't recommend it due to the fees spent while traveling.
While working on my taxes I noticed this past year I was charged over $5,000 in foreign transaction fees and other fees from using my card in Puerto Rico (which is part of the US). So at the turn of the year I decided to mitigate the fees by using the ACH transfers into my bank account. Apparently FirstView didn't like this and closed my account. Even more ironic, I just received my replacement card last week.. I would much rather of donated those fees to a charity than support a shitty company like FirstView.
To be honest with everyone, I don't see how this prepaid debit card service will survive Revolut when they open up in the US since they offer multiple currency and digital asset conversion right through their own banking app.
If Bitpay as a company really cares about their customers they will suspend their card service offering until they find a reliable partner or buy their own bank rather than continue to let FirstView continue to profit of the crypto community. That way they send a clear message to FirstView that this type of business ethics isn't inline with Bitpay's vision. Anything less is an endorsement of this behavior.
In the meantime, I would recommend everyone who currently holds a card to call in and cancel their cards. We as a community shouldn't be supporting shitty companies like FirstView which also handle the ShiftCard.