@_author: eo6x
@_date: 2018-09-07 12:17:59
Stop thinking about USD price and start thinking about use cases and start reading about and participating in development and the economy (e.g. offering services in exchange for BTC). Or if you believe in the tech, then hold it and come back to in a few years, or sell it now if you're uncertain and don't want stress lowering your quality of life.
@_date: 2018-09-06 13:04:56
I'm new here, so please forgive me if I'm "that guy": If the USD is fiction (e.g. [the Federal Reserve can create 3 trillion more on a whim]( and BTC has actual value and intrinsic utility (decentralized use cases for the 21st century, value not subject to arbitrary government policies), why should we (or why do you) care what BTC is currently trading for? Is it not the cheaper the better because it means you can get more of it to use in the future?
@_date: 2018-09-06 21:20:54
That raises an important consideration: As long as people are valuing BTC relative to USD, they aren't using BTC as an independent currency replacing USD. They are deriving its value from USD rather than whatever is intrinsic to BTC.
The BTC community needs businesses brave enough to say, "This product is 5 micro-BTC -- I don't care what its USD-valuation is." I don't see that this will happen as long as people continue respecting or psychologically relying on USD.
@_date: 2018-09-06 21:23:52
[About that](
@_date: 2018-09-06 21:17:22
I wonder how you figure those numbers.
@_date: 2018-09-07 11:27:32
Then how is BTC to replace USD? You make it seem like it cannot, unless USD collapses (e.g. Russia and China finally reject the petrodollar with other countries following suit).
I think you oversimplify the problem: It seems straightforward (though not necessarily easy) to estimate how much electricity it costs to obtain 1 BTC, then base the cost of your item off of that USD value, e.g. for 5% profit margin, 
    cost of item = 1.05 x (cost to manufacture item in USD / cost of electricity in USD for 1 BTC).
Then once all BTC is mined, you can follow a different formula, or charge whatever price is needed to finally ell your product, figuring out the market price by trial-and-error.
... and actually, now I think this agrees with you; it doesn't disagree with you at all. I'm not sure what my original thinking was to say "you oversimplify the problem" (I was about to disagree with you somehow). I've been drinking alcohol and for some reason determining the price of merchandise in BTC with a given profit margin seemed like a cool idea. I wonder if I made a mistake -- I am not sober ...
Oh! That was my thinking: We don't need to watch the markets to determine a price to sell something for; we only need to know the electricity cost for miners to get 1 BTC.
@_date: 2018-09-06 21:25:48
This depends on your timeframe. According to Warren Buffet, if you identify a solid product, and hold it long term until it's increased in value from when you bought it, then it doesn't really matter what price you bought it at: The key here is patience and long-term thinking based on finding a product/team with real value.
@_date: 2018-09-07 12:42:32


Please elaborate. Do you mean only the case of someone stealing your credit card to make charges vs someone stealing your blockchain signature?


I thought it was clear that could be replaced with any currency in which electricity is sold -- but yes, you're right, it seems some market collapse would be needed to start selling electricity *in* BTC -- unless someone just arbitrarily chose to do so (e.g. a supporter of BTC) ...
You make a lot of interesting points. You make me think political action -- political *development* -- is just as necessary as technological development. You make it appear that Bitcoin is essentially "an answer in search of a problem" until society is *made to awaken to* the problems they're living with. (For example, USD is created through debt creation, enslaving workers for decades.)
@_date: 2018-09-06 21:05:23


Here's where I "fall off the bandwagon": How is this growth sustainable? How can this currency be used indefinitely? That is to say, if the minimum unit continually increases in value, then the cheapest thing one can buy, say, a 0.25 USD bubblegum ball, will become worth one day's labor rather than two minutes' labor. I mean, cheap things will be priced out of the market. What am I misunderstanding?