@_author: eoe303
@_date: 2018-01-19 13:48:02
They have to wait for the cash people have deposited to make its way to a bitcoin exchange, or OTC seller, so they can replenish their supply. Whilst they wait for this to happen, they likely use hedging. Demand has been outpacing the expansion of the ATM owners bankrolls, and surges in demand can cause temporary shortages.
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:24:44
Sounds like a use case for a decentralized prediction market ;).
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:12:19
I welcome articles like this - debate is good. Here's my two cents.


The author presumes to know why I exchanged my fiat currency for bitcoin, and why I will continue to hold bitcoin, regardless of price swings, until I need to spend it.
I did so, because I wanted to opt-out of holding my money with a bank who can restrict my access to my money if they choose to, and I wanted to opt-out of allowing the central bank to decide upon monetary policies that would affect the value of my money.
I wanted an alternative.


I disagree. Furthermore, it is my hope that businesses will be forced to register their addresses, and that wallet software will be able to easily distinguish between addresses registered with the tax authority, and addresses not known to the tax authority. I am not talking about blacklists or whitelists, but rather a mechanism by which it will be trivial for a person or business making payment to a business to see whether that business is asking for payment to an address known by the tax authority -- a good indicator that sales tax and other taxes will later be paid. And that person or business will then be able to report any business that is not paying its taxes.


For me, bitcoin has value because it represents human trust and cooperation -- and I have more faith in the quite transparent and simple mechanisms of bitcoin, than the opaque and incredibly convoluted mechanisms of central banks.


I would wager that bitcoin has much higher likelihood of reaching this goal than fiat, especially on a global scale. There are over 2 billion unbanked people, I honestly do not believe traditional banking services could reach them, even given another 50 years.


By this measure, the majority of fiat currencies are not money. Only a small handful could make this claim. I live in a country with a population of less than 3 million, most people travelling to this country assume we use euro's, and actually, they are quite widely accepted as our own currency is not in the top 50 most used (and has hardly existed longer than the euro -- which has only been around since 1999 itself).


I welcome the introduction of new pricing mechanisms, that stop the theft from loyal employees (particularly women) of a growing percentage of their earnings each year, the longer they stay on with a company accepting the same level of pay.
I believe we can do better.


Surely, if there were $876 billion in 2008, and there are now $3748 billion, that means for every dollar that was in circulation in 2008, there's $4.27 now. Which is fine, so long as these extra dollars aren't being spent, but once the baby boomer generation start spending their 401K's, prices are going to rise fast. The governments answer to this seems to be, raise retirement ages.


I must admit, I do see this happening in alt-coins. But this is an article about bitcoin, ostensibly.
There's one thing I do agree with here though. I believe many people have bought for the wrong reasons. My only hope is that, upon further reading, they've realized what they've unintentionally stumbled into, and will hold - as the majority of buyers from previous rises in price have done so over the past several years.
@_date: 2018-01-09 10:22:55
I suppose because the Bitcoin reference client doesn't have an iWatch GUI, nothing is really "implanted" at all, I mean, it's not available on smartwatches, tablets and laptops, so it's not really ready, right? /s.
The fact is, businesses like exchange, payment processors, large retailers, do not use the graphical user interface to make payments.
Rather, they'll have a bit of code on their webpage relating to a user requesting some action.
Then, there'll be a bit of code that saves that request, and passes it in a secure manner to a machine capable of making a payment.
Personally, how I might do it would be to display a QR code representing a payment request on a screen, and have a camera attached to an offline machine capture that request, sign a transaction offline, and display a QR code that is captured by a camera on an online machine, which contains the information the online machine needs to send the payment.
A human operator might then glance over the whole thing, before pressing a red or a green button on a custom piece of hardware.
Now, I just came up with that at the speed of thought, and can already see flaws with it, but whatever the system they've devised, I'm sure it doesn't involve copying and pasting addresses and payment amounts into the reference clients GUI.
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:03:47
If it's shown that Bitcoin can safely choose to shorten its block time, or increase its block size, it has a lot of room to maneuver on these metrics right now. Ethereum on the other hand, like most alt-coins, has had to go to the other end of the spectrum, just to stay in the race.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:31:20
If this turns out to be true, thank you China! No more talk of there being too much miner centralization in China!
For miners looking for a new home, there's plenty of places with plentiful untapped free electricity :)
@_date: 2018-01-12 21:06:20
An EXCHANGE would love us to put our money in their custody, and EXCHANGE it for something else. Hell, the more splintered the cryptocurrency market gets, the more exchanges will take place, and the more often money will be left in the custody of exchanges. The point of cryptocurrency is not to constantly pay fees to exchanges, and to allow trading bots to scrape more of our money from us with almost zero risk, via the spread.
If you're wondering what the solution is, it's quite simple. Hodl, and in the future, spend via lightning.
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:28:08
I don't recommend paper wallets - it's easy to make a mistake, and lose your money.
However, if you do want to use one, by far your best option is to use a HD wallet. Unfortunately creating one offline requires the use of this tool ( or a linux live cd and some technical expertise to ensure your machine is airgapped. That's why people recommend hardware wallets, they make life very easy.
Actually, the tool available from iancoleman's github repo is great, it's just the UI is aimed at very technical users, and not at all aimed at your use case. Maybe someone can suggest something else with a user interface that's specifically designed for offline HD paper wallet generation.
@_date: 2018-01-11 01:30:04
It is rather akin to me stating my opinion that a player not only has no chance of winning a chess tournament, but that that player will crash out of the tournament soon. My reasoning? I don't explain, other than to admitt I know nothing about chess, let alone the player in question. I am considered an expert on american football though.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:08:34
You're missing that the possibility of interference from the Chinese government would be diminished, if the only miners left in China were those who were successfully avoiding government interference.
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:56:38
The fallacy of that classic graph, is that you don't know where the top or the bottom is. I'm sure anyone who took too long staring at that graph, rather than trying to determine whether bitcoin is worth more than the money that was created by quantitative easing programs (as around half the current fiat money was), or that was created by inflation over the past 25 years (almost all fiat money - over 80% of it)... might have sold at $500, or $1000, or $2000, etc etc etc. Hope you find this food for thought. Personally I want to use private keys to hold my money - I work hard for my money, I don't want the bank holding onto it for me, and the central bank deciding what it should be worth (case in point, the country I live in, which is not a western country, recently decided that my fiat currency was getting "too strong" and bought a bunch of foreign currency, to intentionally degrade my spending power. I didn't know they were going to do that, when I worked for that money, nor when I sold things in exchange for that money, but they did, and there's nothing I can do about it. Except turn my back on them. Shame my wages are still the same figure (despite the aforementioned reduction in the value of the money. Really, employees should have their pay adjusted, in line with monetary policy decisions like this..).
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:13:03
I've spent the last couple of days reading pull requests on the bitcoin github. The idea that bitcoin is developed by people who work for Blockstream is nonsense. Basically, anyone can contribute, and hundreds of people do. And after the run up in price over the last year, and given that many early adopters were likely programmers, I'm sure the number of people working on Bitcoin's software is only going to continue to increase (as many people no longer need to work for an employer, they can spend some of their time contributing to bitcoin instead).
@_date: 2018-01-10 09:49:49
GMaxwell explained very well the problem with block chain voting, as it stands. I can't find the quote right now, but from memory, at present there is no way to cast a vote, whereby you yourself are then unable to provide proof that you voted one way or another. As a consequence, someone could force you to give up this information, and so an aggressor could threaten you prior to your casting a vote, that they will be checking that you voted as they wanted you to, or someone could bribe you - offer a cash reward perhaps, for voting for their favoured choice. Again, the issue is that after voting, you will be able to provide irrefutable evidence of how you voted.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:46:15
It cost you $15 for several reasons, amongst them, you didn't use segwit (out of choice or not, I couldn't say). Secondly, you paid a premium, for a higher likelihood that your transaction would be finalized sooner (out of choice or not, I cannot say - perhaps you had no control over what fee you paid, as perhaps the funds were being sent from an address not under your control). Thirdly, the value of bitcoin has risen substantially, and so when measured in dollars, rather than in bitcoin, the fees now seem very high.
@_date: 2018-01-19 03:19:12
In my opinion, there's no reason to believe Tether is a scam, as has been stated in this thread. When you sell cryptocurrency for USDT, you are helping to prop up Tether's valuation - because you have just sold some cryptocurrency in exchange for some USDT, just as if you had exchanged your crypto for any other cryptocurrency.
On Kraken, you can trade USDT for USD, and withdraw.
Tether relies upon the Bitcoin blockchain for security; it uses Omni. They are also willing to amend the ledger, if a hacker tries to steal Tethers from an exchange.
You are trusting Tether, but then if your cryptocurrency is deposited at an exchange, you're trusting them anyway - you don't have your private keys.
As for the printing of Tethers. I believe they print new Tethers whenever they run low on them - they need to have enough to support the number of USDT people are agreeing to accept in exchange for their cryptocurrencies.
Still, it's healthy to discuss this - people should understand what Tethers are, so they can decide whether they want to buy and hold them. Personally I prefer holding bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:25:06
Perhaps for you. I would wager that for most people, it is hard to imagine a currency where the controllers CANNOT just print more whenever they like.
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:51:13
Like Bitcoin and how it works was once complicated to you, the answer to this question is also complicated. And, like Bitcoin itself, it's worth your time to investigate this issue -- sorry, I know you ask here "why on earth" but I would have to write a multi part essay to explain both sides of the arguments here. I am on the side of sticking with 1MB for now, and increasing this in the future.