@_author: eojmiih
@_date: 2013-04-21 15:22:06
I skimmed this thread and I am surprised that I appear to be the only person who thinks this post is pure BS.  
Look at the guys post history, he is posting in because he thinks the Boston bombings "don't add up".  And his account is 19 hours old.  
You guys are being taken for a ride and getting worked up for no reason at all.
@_date: 2013-04-17 22:46:04
I can't help but feel this is a sign that I shouldn't get into Bitcoin.  Just before 2pm EST today i went to my BOA and sent BitFloor $1500 so i could take my first step into the world of Bitcoin.... and then I came home at 6.15 from work to see this.... 
I see the money in my bitfloor account but I don't have ACH setup...
best case: I can get ACH setup, approved, and money withdrawn ASAP in which case I will lose $27.52 for the fees for the deposit.... 
worse case: I'm out $1527.52.
Worst Case:  I'm out the $1527.52 and I have to go to my fiance and say "hey honey butt, you know how just last night I was telling you I was going to sell my stocks and take that money and put it into bitcoins as a long term investment to see how it plays out?  Remember how I took over an hour talking with you about it, explaining it to you, showing you the research i did, etc etc?  Well the company i sent the money to went belly up and it is gone"
The money was my shits and giggles investing money.  If it is gone it won't have much impact on me aside from the 2hour lecture I'd get.  
@_date: 2013-04-18 01:50:44
I'll dish out some relationship advice.  
Two foundations of a solid relationship is trust and communication.  When you are in a serious relationship communication is key.  Did i need to tell my fiance i was going to take my for-fun money out of stocks and try something new?  No, I'm an adult and I can do what i want with my money.   Why did I? Because we are very open about finances.  Hiding/lying about finances is a surefire way to have a relationship implode on itself. 
We will let each other know of big ($1000+) expenses so the other is kept in the loop. 2 years ago i wanted to build a new PC, told him how much i was spending, and i went out and did it.  last year he decided he wanted to buy a new TV, showed me the model and price, and went out and got it.
Yes it was my shit and giggle money, but I told him what I was doing because that is what you do to make sure everyone is on board.  I could have easily have not said anything but eventually he would ask "oh hey, how is your stock money doing?" at which point I would have to explain what i did with the money and what bitcoin was and how it works, etc etc.  It is easier to just do it up front.
