@_author: epscylonb
@_date: 2013-10-26 21:06:30
The way I see it, memorizing even just 12 random words is not that easy.  If it is a savings wallets how much are you willing to trust to your memory?.  Human memory is notoriously fragile, a blow to the head, old age, etc.
The only sane way to do this, is to regularly test that you know the 12 random words.  At what point does using a proper random key, putting it on one or more pieces of paper and then storing them physically securely become easier?.  For me it's almost straight away.
@_date: 2013-04-21 19:41:23
The above link is one of the reasons I think Satoshi did not predict the rise of mining pools, he always envisioned bitcoin mining to be distributed far and wide.  By the time he "left" mining pools were becoming established and were clearly the future.
@_date: 2013-08-11 08:14:22
My take on bots as someone who has tried to write one before and wasn't very (not at all) successful.
Bitcoin trading is a market with a very low barrier to entry, there aren't many markets like it.  This means it is very competitive, as others have said, EMAs are pretty basic, and you can be certain 1000s (if not more) of other people are doing the same thing. 
I have spoken to several people with trading bots, some fully automatic, some just reacting to signals but need a human to actually place an order.  I at one point looked into using an ANN to do trades, but I couldn't get it to fit the past data very well, I was probably using the wrong signals (plus ANNs aren't my forte).
Some of the people I spoke to have done FOREX and commodities trading, again these are very competitive but there is money to made if you have enough capital to take advantage of price changes that amount to a few pennies per day. 
My conclusion is that to make any serious money you need to have a large amount of capital to begin with, otherwise you need to be able to predict the major market events before EMAs, RSI, etc.
I currently run prof7bits balancer bot through goxtool, with a fairly small amount of btc/usd in it, this is a low risk, low reward strategy, though it could potentially lose me money if the market rallies or tanks too much at once.  This is mostly for fun, so I can pretend to be a real trader.
