@_author: epsus
@_date: 2016-01-15 23:36:06
you mean, you just sold some.
@_date: 2018-06-25 01:02:08
My comment was not about Bitcoin specifically, but rather about cryptocurrencies as a whole, or maybe more simply put, about public blockchains. Nonetheless, Bitcoin or the Bitcoin blockchain does have value even if no one used it as a currency. Let me explain.
The fundamental game theorist logic in Proof of Work and Proof of Stake consensus mechanisms inherently gives value to the coins when the underpinning protocol is valuable (even if it is used in ways which do not fit the definition of a currency). Those consensus mechanisms are also the only known ways of efficiently solving the fundamental problems that they address, and obtain the results described below.
While miners do their work and are rewarded with those coins, others can use them to hop on the network, represented as a central source of truth in a vast array of technical use cases. This network brings a mean of exchanging value or assets in a trust-less, decentralized and distributed environment. You can't do that without blockchains, and you don't have blockchains without a token/coin of value. You also don't need to use this token/coin as a currency at all.
You might have heard people call this the "internet of money", "internet of trust", "internet of value". Essentially, understand that this is a "new net", in which literal items/bits of value can flow between people and machines in a peer-to-peer manner. Those items of value can be digital representations of physical assets, or assets that are digital in their nature. 
Thus, public blockchains (and the Bitcoin blockchain along with it's token of value) invariably have value even if they are not used as a currency. The source of truth that is provided by the protocol is unique and cannot be substituted. This decentralized source of truth is absolutely essential in a trust-less network. Therefore, the Bitcoin blockchain (or any other blockchain that powers such a network) does have intrinsic value, at least if you have valuable use cases that require such a network. Trust me on that, there are plenty, and a lot more than me and you together could even come up with.
While the question about intrinsic or no intrinsic value is mostly a semantic one, I think a general definition of *intrinsic value* would most certainly allow for such a conclusion. Affirming that an immaterial asset has intrinsic value might look counterintuitive at first, then it simply means that the time for a more complete definition of *intrinsic value* has come!
@_date: 2018-06-24 20:20:12
While I get why you would see cryptocurrencies as being no different, I think you need to analyze the situation in light of the concrete functional and systemic potential that they hold.
While they are not « backed » by a physical commodity, they do have intrinsic value that no other system can provide. Gold is not backed by anything else other than what it can provide when otherwise not used as a store of value. The same applies to cryptocurrencies, and to a much higher degree in my opinion!
In other words, cryptocurrencies are *not* only valuable because of their supply and demand, like is the case with fiat money.
@_date: 2018-02-10 21:04:23
“Illegal activity” or “darknet activity” is pretty vague and irrelevant imo.
Would buying something/selling something with Bitcoin be considered illegal activity if no taxes are charged, even if it’s a legal product or service?
And what is wrong with buying legal products/services on the darknet anyways? It’s totally fine for 40% Of Bitcoin transactions to be happening on the darknet really. Hell, I would be totally happy with a future where all transaction happen on a “darknet”, or be totally anonymous.
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:25:41
This wrongly assumes that the only incentive for an attack is to double spend bitcoins.
One could easily think of other reasons for an attacker to justify such an action. Whether it be to destroy the network blatantly or to promote another one in which he hopes to amass bigger profits. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 23:40:17
With all due respect sir, you certainly haven’t read the article.
“Let me emphasize: the management company doesn't deal in cryptocurrency. It doesn't act as an exchange. It doesn't act as a money handler. “
“My three-year-old daughter has a risk profile which does not align with the risk tolerance of Bank of America? In that case, I'm amazed BoA has any clients at all.”
Finally, his daughter’s account, which closed for the reason stated above:
“We opened a Uniform Transfers to Minors Act (UTMA) account there for our daughter shortly after she was born.”
In fact, none of the points you make have anything to do with the situation.
@_date: 2013-11-17 23:25:11
Some guy:   Which hashing algorithm will you use? Same as Bitcoin?
Matt:   Probably not.
Taken from Matt twitter's feed.