@_author: equivalentzebra
@_date: 2018-09-09 15:53:43
Ah no, I missed the 20% off sale! At least if I move now, I can catch the 15% off one!
I see a pretty strong trendline forming at the bottom of the 6100 level from the previous dips since July. Every time it bounces off one of those is a perfect time to buy. But there's also a pretty big triangle forming that needs to be broken if anything serious is going to happen. Broken up, that is. Maybe we'll have enough momentum this time, with some positive news as well hopefully.
@_date: 2018-09-06 05:05:47
There was an announcement from Goldman that they wouldn't be prioritizing their crypto trading desk anytime soon... not that it's that bad of news, but it certainly seemed to have started the cascade. Bitcoin is a delicate asset and any news will send it flying in one direction. It may have dropped, but it can't stay down for too long. The miners will want to remain profitable and others will take advantage of the opportunity to buy cheap. Don't worry, 20% is nothing for Bitcoin. It's been making moves like this up and down for the past few months.
@_date: 2018-09-05 05:07:07
Iran is actually a very strong country but the sanctions are doing them no good. Their government has been antagonizing the US since the CIA sponsored a revolution in their country several decades ago, and rightly so. Not many regimes stand up to that anymore.
But it's come with a very heavy cost as they have been isolated economically and have to fend for themselves. The government also needs an authoritarian grip in hopes of protecting their interests. It's backfiring as the people are very openminded and liberal, many of them supporting western values. And, as you can see from the locals who post below, they're stuck under capital controls as their currency spirals into oblivion. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 13:56:43
I can't believe that! The government is basically double-dipping on you guys! All the best and hope you can get it sorted out. 
Tell them they're missing out on a lot more potential income from tax if they continue to repress it like this. It's not hard to buy it anonymously and then have the money sent out to gift cards or other cash deposit products. You just have to pay slightly higher commissions, but if you compare it with the amount of tax, it's much more reasonable. With a system like this, every honest person is probably operating at a loss!