@_author: er1du
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:33:17
No the difference with your MTG cards is that you first changed them to USD and THEN used them to buy something.
With Bitcoin you do NOT need to convert them to USD. The idea is that you can use them to buy the good straight away WITHOUT converting to USD. I think there is a lack of understanding on your part on what Bitcoin is/can be used for. Sure, if you go on Amazon you cannot use Bitcoin there (a company can rightly choose what currency they use for transactions) but there are thousands of companies where you can pay DIRECTLY with Bitcoin, which you could never do with your MTG cards. That is the reason why Bitcoin is a currency and why MTG cards are a collectible.
@_date: 2018-11-26 17:21:52
I liked the analogy a lot, one of the best I have seen regarding the topic. 
However, I think I still disagree with it. I think there is a confusion regarding what a currency is and what a stock is. Yes you can invest in currencies, but they are still different to say stocks in some ways.
For example, I wonder how Barron/you would argue for why our current fiat currencies having any value? What are they based on? What is the intrinsic value of a dollar? From one perspective it is only due to the raw power of the state forcing us to pay our taxes in it. We are literally forced to use our current currencies which is why they have value.
Also, the value of a currency is a bit of a chicken and a egg question. Its value is heavily influenced by how many other people use it. If everyone in the world used Bitcoin, and our governments forced us to pay taxes in Bitcoin, then you would be hard pressed to say it did not have value since it would be the only available currency in this world and you could not buy anything with it.
Now, you could say very simply, that the more people who use Bitcoin, the more value it will have, since it will allow you to trade with more people.
@_date: 2018-11-27 09:45:14
Well first of all we have had currencies before governments and people have formed their own currencies in the past independent of governments.  The only thing required for a currency is that people need to accept it as a means of payment, its value does not have to be "rooted" in anything, the belief of the people in the system is enough. Similarly, if people want to use Bitcoin as a currency, they are entitled to use it. You CAN use Bitcoin as a currency at the moment and various companies STILL accept Bitcoin payments so it absolutely has a role as a currency and possesses utility in my opinion. 
A person in the USA is completely entitled to REFUSE to use USD payments for their business if they desire so. If I don't believe in the value of USD, I can conduct my business in other currencies. Despite what the markets say, I can still dictate how I value USD from my own perspective irrespective of what anyone else says. The value of a currency is at the core solely contained within the beliefs of the individual users. And if the value starts deviating too much people will start using other currencies, in many countries the population does not use their local fiat, but rather conducts business in USD. They can use Bitcoin as well if they so wish. And this is a good thing, we ideally want to have competition among currencies in a way we want to have competition in markets generally to weed the bad products out.
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:05:53
You are entitled to have your own view but I strongly disagree. Look even on Wikipedia at  
The first line literally reads:
"Bitcoin (₿) is a cryptoCURRENCY, a form of ELECTRONIC CASH . It is a decentralized digital CURRENCY without a central bank or single administrator..."
You can have your own views on what Bitcoin is and that is fine. I am personally against Bitcoin but that does not mean I will not call it a currency when it clearly is one and claim it does not have value when it clearly does. 
There is a tendency online and with people in the general media who do not understand economics to claim Bitcoin is not backed up by anything fundamental deducing that it is worthless and feel very smug about themselves but they actually do not understand how currencies work in the first place.The only thing that is needed is for people to have belief in the currency and to use it for it to have value which applies to Bitcoin as well. 
I think you are also misinformed on what a collectible is. A collectible is something that cannot be used as a medium of exchange. This absolutely does not apply to Bitcoin since you can literally execute transactions with Bitcoin, which you cannot do with collectibles.
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:35:57
Good points to be honest but I think anything people want to buy will offer them utility because why else would they buy it in the first place?
What about a company that makes collectibles such as art? Say the company makes $100 a year profit and has some random P/E depending on how many share they have. In this case case you would say it has value since the value of the stock is backed by the profit generating ability of the company. However, at the very core, the value would still be based on how people value art since the company is just a aggregation of art being sold, which from a naive view has no economic utility. If people value art higher, the company makes more money and has a higher P/E, if they value art lower the reverse happens. Hence, the value of the stock will be just determined by the subjective view of people on the underlying product.
This brings me to my point which is that a pen, art or bitcoin should be seen as equivalent since they should provide some utility to the user to justify buying them. A pen allows you to write, art gives pleasure when viewed and Bitcoin might be appealing to some hardcore libertarians who gain value from using a anti-central bank currency or some criminals who want to buy goods illegally online. Hence, I think it is wrong to say Bitcoin has zero economic value since it certainly can have a lot of value for some people. However, for something to have utility it doesn't even have to be rational from our perspective. Someone might find utility in Bitcoin because their name is Bob and Bitcoin starts with a B as well and they feel happy about that and they would be completely justified in their view.
@_date: 2018-11-28 17:36:15
Do you realize a 15% decline and a 15% rise makes you worse off than initially...Bitcoin is down 62% in the past year. A 15% swing up is pretty much meaningless. 
To give you perspective, Bitcoin needs to rise like 400% to get back where we were earlier this year.
@_date: 2018-11-26 16:53:51
Of course Bitcoin enables online transactions. It is literally based off the Internet. If you sell me your bike, I will transfer you my Bitcoins online. Moreover, this will work for any person who has Internet access. There will be no FX fees, I can transfer my Bitcoin to a random person in Uganda in exchange for a apple they produced without the hassle of converting across currencies. What if the FX dealers in Uganda charge 10% for such conversions? There is a clear advantage in using Bitcoin. Furthermore, by using Bitcoin the guy in Uganda can screw the government with their loose monetary policy since they are not forced to use their mickey mouse currency anymore and can instead transact with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-26 09:13:01
I am a Bitcoin skeptic but everything's value is derived from what someone else will pay for it. Nothing has any "fundamental value" contrary to popular belief. Art does not give any obvious benefits but people still sell and buy it with a market price. What is the fundamental value of a chair or a pen? Similarly, people are justified in putting a price on Bitcoin just for the reason that they actually value it at something for some weird reason.
@_date: 2018-11-26 16:20:40
"Belief they can make money without working for it. Same reason a lot of people invest in collectibles. It's a proven fact that people HAVE made millions off Bitcoin. That's a powerful endorsement."
You could make the same argument about stocks or highly levered investments where people can make a lot of money without working for it. Don't see how it is relevant here.
"There are companies that sell collectibles, and in fact they are viewed as far riskier investment specifically because of that. Their bond issues have to give double digit returns to find buyers, and their stocks can be extremely volatile."
Again I don't see how this is relevant. I can show you some high beta stocks that are far more volatile than Bitcoin is.
"Economic utility has a specific definition, it is the measure of a things ability to be useful, profitable, or beneficial. What you are describing is desirable, which is an emotional metric, not an economic ones"
There is no special "economic utility". There is just utility which refers to the satisfaction people receive from consuming goods or services. A person is perfectly justified in buying Bitcoin, being satisfied with this purchase and receiving utility from it.
I personally don't own Bitcoin, but how can you argue that something you can use as a currency online to purchase goods has no value? Surely it is crazy to say that when ones is able to perform meaningful transactions on the Internet using Bitcoin at this moment. I can also use Bitcoin as a store of value. If I buy 1 bitcoin today, I will most likely have some value tomorrow. That also provides utility. 
@_date: 2018-11-29 18:07:23
Fair enough makes sense
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:43:55
Might as well buy a lottery ticket in that case and avoid the hassle. Btw, it is not a swing when something drops 70% and certainly not immaterial.
@_date: 2018-12-14 20:23:49
Its literally halved in the past month and 80% this year. I think 1k in the next 6 months is entirely possible. I can guarantee 2.7k, would not be surprised to see it even next week.
@_date: 2018-12-14 17:03:25
I am waiting until Bitcoin hits 1k then I will buy with 50% funds and then if it hits 10 I will buy with another 50%. Following this I will hold until it hits some crazy amount where it makes sense to sell. Also, I am prepared to hold until it hits 0 in the worst case.
@_date: 2018-12-10 16:20:42
When Bitcoin reached 20k, I decided I would speculate with Bitcoin for fun where I will enter first at 1050, second time at 220, third time at 14 and final time at 0.2 in equal portions. Not too long anymore, getting quite excited haha! I am certain I will at least be able enter once with my strategy.
@_date: 2018-12-14 22:20:34
I agree we are close to the bottom since there is not much left beneath us in the first place.
I've been saying the same thing ever since 20k and every time people have been saying we hit the bottom but what do you know.