@_author: eradan
@_date: 2018-09-24 14:07:53
We can talk about matter but we can't say for sure that all matter in space and in time behaves in the same manner.
That's why we need replicable experiments and why every theory has to be refutable in some manner.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:06:54


Having a gun is not a natural need in modern civilization. And that is well known since there are A LOT of countries that are "weapon free" or where weapon possessions are very uncommon.
Can you say the same about drugs? Is there a SINGLE country where a substantial part of the population doesn't show the need to alter the consciousness through chemistry in any way?
I don't think so, especially in our western world.
And what happens when there's a high demand of something and a reduced supply of it? Add the factors that this supply is maintained by sketchy individuals by force and that where there's poor choice of substances there's a high inclination to bring the market towards highly addictive stuff.
Prohibition never works. Ask Adam and Eve.
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:55:31


Of course, blindly.  The fun part of this is that, usually, people like you NEVER expect to be the criminal, until they are. And crime is a big concept.


Oh but you ARE living in a country run by drug cartels (and where you live has little matters) what Silkroad, and Dark Markets in general, did is offering an alternative. Taking pushers away from the streets, clients outside dangerous encounters and exchanges, users away from potentially harmful and lethal cuts, basically making big holes in cartels domination. Of course DMs drugs don't come out from the tooth fairy butthole but the very big revenue of cartels, mobsters and criminals come from the distribution system, the same system that spawns ulterior criminality as a side dish.


And of course it won't, it would be an oxymoron, but sometimes the harm comes from the law itself.
Your reasoning implies that without dark markets the world would be free of drugs. That's laughable.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 07:20:40


Give up on what? Arresting minors and young men for possession? Incarcerating them? Leaving control of the worst substances in the hands of mobsters and cartels? Isolating and criminalizing addicts and users? Or is it something else? Something moral and irrational, like the idea that drugs are inherently bad, a social disease that has to be eradicated? After all you're comparing drugs to guns and violence.


Seems that you didn't give it any thought at all, especially about the concept of crime. As you said before, the world will never be without drugs (and users). What's stopping you to accepting a safer world where that particular behaviour is tolerated?
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:57:45
Just in the beginnings.