@_author: erdhard
@_date: 2016-05-24 20:09:46
Dear Mr. Powell, I'm trying to open a coroprate account in Kraken.com since 26-th of April 2016. I've provided all necessary documents. Still got nothing. On all my complains Joseph (Kraken Support) - does nothing at all. Just "bla,bla,bla" messages. He even said to me (part of e-mail) - "If you want to take your business elsewhere, go ahead. I'll continue to review your account, and I'll get back to you when I have more questions or when we set the account to Tier 4." I don't think that you support his opinion about your business. My friends recommended you exchange like decent and respectable. Turnover of my company on Bitcoins more than 20.000 BTC last month. We have a good business with Bitfinex exchange but we do need a diversify our risks thats why we attempt to open an account in your exchange. For now I got my BTC and money stuck in my account, I cannot do any transfers and my account still unverified. I'm sure that you need clients like us with our turnover. Please help me sort out my situation. At least please help me to withdraw back all my funds. My ticket number is 96038. I'm sorry to write it here, but I can't find any other method. Thank you in advance.
@_date: 2016-05-19 18:19:07
Dear Mr. Powell,
I'm trying to open a coroprate account in Kraken.com since 26-th of April 2016. I've provided all necessary documents. Still got nothing. 
On all my complains Joseph (Kraken Support) - does nothing at all. Just "bla,bla,bla" messages.
He even said to me (part of e-mail) - "If you want to take your business elsewhere, go ahead. I'll continue to review your account, and I'll get back to you when I have more questions or when we set the account to Tier 4."
I don't think that you support his opinion about your business.
My friends recommended you exchange like decent and respectable. Turnover of my company on Bitcoins more than 20.000 BTC last month. We have a good business with Bitfinex exchange but we do need a diversify our risks thats why we attempt to open an account in your exchange.
For now I got my BTC and money stuck in my account, I cannot do any transfers and my account still unverified.
I'm sure that you need clients like us with our turnover.
Please help me sort out my situation.
At least please help me to withdraw back all my funds.
My ticket number is 96038.
I'm sorry to write it here, but I can't find any other method.
Thank you in advance.