@_author: ergofobe
@_date: 2016-04-04 04:09:18
Offshore privacy structures are not just for the rich, powerful, and corrupt. Anyone who has any concern for his own privacy and only a few thousands dollars a year to spare has a legal right and ability to own one. If you're a bitcoiner there's a very good chance you believe you have the right to privacy. These structures are a legal way to accomplish that. But yes, they are frequently used to obscure ill gotten gains. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 05:54:09
Perhaps you are open to be proved wrong, but the Core developers are not. Which is why they have taken steps to ensure that they can't be. They believe, like you, that bitcoin can't scale, so they won't even allow it to try. 
@_date: 2016-04-05 13:27:30
That's a very naïve perspective. Bitcoin can only protect your anonymity if you don't transact with someone who requires your identity for some reason. A privacy structure is all encompassing.
For example. You buy a car with bitcoin. But you have to register it in your name, get insurance in your name. Anything that car does is now tied to you. Every toll booth you pass. Every paid parking lot you enter. Every stop light you accidentally run. But if you purchase the car through a corp... There's no public record tying you to the vehicle. 
Sure, in the future we'll have blockchain aware cars and you'll unlock it with your BitID. But that car will still have to be registered and insured. How will Bitcoin protect your identity then?
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:23:34
If they have Euros in cash, yes, they can take it elsewhere and its fine, assuming of course that Greece doesn't instrument some kind of capital controls preventing moving more than €10k across the border. 
If, on the other hand, they have it in a bank in Greece, they run the increasingly higher risk of the bank giving them a haircut, or forcibly converting Euros to some new Greek national currency should Greece decide to exit the Euro. 
And who is to say the Euro zone wont go along with that and force the repatriation of any funds owned by Greek citizens held in EU banks outside of Greece? 
Anyone smart has already moved their assets somewhere the Greek government and its cronies can't get to it. The rest need to get moving before it's too late.
EDIT: and as much as I would love it to be so, I don't think Bitcoin is ready to be adopted officially by any nation yet. We need bigger blocks and probably side chains before that could happen. But the country doesn't need to adopt it. The people do. The country needs to just step aside and not get in the way. As for those poor "unfortunate" folks who are wholly dependent on the government for their livelihoods, they need to start thinking about finding a new source of income. The Greek government was mismanaged and is now bankrupt. Nobody should be counting on a continued paycheck or welfare handout for much longer in any currency, let alone Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:57:28
This is based on doing ECDSA verification in the CPU. There are obvious economic incentives to optimizing the verification process by moving it first to GPU and then to more specialized hardware. We will have commodity ECDSA signature verification hardware long before it becomes a bottleneck.
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:24:04
American soldiers take oaths to protect the Constitution too. That doesn't mean the US military doesn't walk all over the Constitution on a daily basis thanks to varying interpretations on how to protect it. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:23:57


I feel for you vecino.


Taking back control is vital. Because until we know that the government isn't going to come nationalize our investments, its too great a risk to invest. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 19:47:47


Remember 10k Euros is just 20 notes, there is 500euro notes 
For now. There were larger USD notes in the past as well. The government got rid of them to prevent hoarding paper money and to crack down on the shadow economy. Nothing prevents the EU from doing the same. And thanks to inflation, 10k isn't even very much money. What happens when it's 100k or 1m?
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:05:34
I paid social security for years before I wised up and excited the system. I don't expect to ever see a penny of it. I never did, which is one of the reasons I got out. You don't think I'm annoyed that I've lost all that money? You don't think I'm sympathetic to all those pensioners who didn't know any better and trusted their governments?
Sure, there's plenty of people out there who truly don't deserve a government handout and are just leaching off the system. They deserve to get screwed and I have no sympathy for them. 
But there's plenty of people who played by the rules and did the best they could with what they had. They don't deserve it, but they're going to get screwed too when the government they depend on fails. That's just the facts of life. Those are the people who need to find a way out and quickly. And Bitcoin might be that way out at least for some of them. 
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:27:53
While normally I'd agree with you, I'm not sure that's actually advisable in this scenario. He's specifically marketing himself as a one man show and how that enables him to charge 1/3rd the prices of the big guys. He IS the product. Presenting himself as one of the big guys at this point in the game would run counter to that. 
Now at some point he's going to have more business than he can handle alone, at which point he's going to have to hire some help, change his marketing strategy, and probably raise his prices. But he's fine for the moment. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:38:54
There is only so much USD cash available on the black market, and its not easy to bring in more. You pretty much have to get on a plane and hope you don't get caught with it. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 15:28:40
That problem was already solved by Bitcoin. 
It seems to me that LN is a step backwards towards money that can be easily controlled by government regulation. I would expect these payment processors to be heavily regulated and have the ability to censor transactions by requiring KYC on their users and restricting the types of merchants they work with. 
@_date: 2015-06-13 17:45:13
Watching this I couldn't help but think that those chairs look incredibly uncomfortable. The amount of squirming and fidgeting they caused was distracting. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:09:18
You do realize what you just said? Greece's imports and exports are balanced as long as Greece imports less. Doesn't sound like they're very balanced. But yes, they COULD be balanced if the Greeks accept a lower standard of living. The question is, will they do it voluntarily or because the rest of the world cuts them off and stops lending them money? I have no doubts that the Greek civilization will survive. But I have serious doubts about the current government and economy. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:59:44
LV make shite products and market to morons, but that's beside the point. Yes, every company has the right to market to any demographic they want and if the only way to make your product worth something is to make it exclusive, then I can't think of anything more exclusive than Bitcoin. *grin* for now...
But some companies actually want to be more accessible. They still deserve to make money from their products. So micro-transactions combined with a rechargeable browser plugin seems to me a great way to accomplish that... Once Bitcoin is ready for that kind of demand. 
Edit: yes I have a personal grudge against LV. I bought a bag once for my ex-wife. I also bought her a cheap knockoff. Guess which one lasted longer. And yes, my ex is exactly the type of materialistic moron LV pander to. There's a reason she's now my ex.
@_date: 2015-06-17 19:24:19




True enough, but who keeps or wants to keep tens of thousands of Euros or more sitting around in paper money?
@_date: 2015-06-10 04:53:22
As far as anyone knows, Satoshi's coins are already in the pot. We don't know if or when they will ever be spent so we must assume it could happen at any time. Any serious investor who discounts those coins in his speculation is a fool. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:22:34
I'm not so sure. There's no reason wallets can't continue to support the current encryption algorithms while asking support for something new, so we wouldn't have to reverify and reencrypt the entire history of the block chain. Only unspent transactions would be vulnerable. And we could possibly just create a new op code spend to public key hash v2 that obviously would only be spendable by wallets supporting the new encryption algorithms. I don't think it would even require miners to all adopt the new encryption right away.. As long as some do, the transactions will eventually confirm.  We've added op codes like this in the past when we introduced multi sig. I don't recall whether that was a hard or soft fork. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:55:20
I may be ignorant on the topic, so someone correct me if I'm wrong here, but it sounds like the buyer and seller must agree on a payment processor. In this case, the most likely for a white market vendor is that he will select from amongst several white market payment processors.. and since it is necessary to lock funds into a particular payment channel prior to making your purchase through that channel, most users will essentially have most, if not all, of their funds locked into one of a handful of regulated payment processors. Without an increase in the max block size, it'll basically have to stay there because it'll take a long time to get it moved to a different processor.
Unless you're doing all of your purchasing on the black market from black market vendors (wouldn't it be nice if you could actually live that way), we're going to be forced into dealing with regulated payment processors.. I consider that a step in the wrong direction.
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:35:09


Why not just say, be prepared to handle any sized block, and it's on you to figure out how to deal with blocks that are too large for you to handle. We don't make any effort to stem the flow of transactions. What happens when there are more transactions than a particular user's network can handle? Do we start limiting the throughput of the network just because a few people out there can't handle more than 5 or 6 transactions a second? Do video game producers limit the size of their games so that they'll run on a 486? No, of course not. We are honest about what it takes or MIGHT take to run a particular application, and put the onus on the user to ensure he can handle it. In the case of Bitcoin, we just start telling people, "Look, if you want to run a full node great, but you may occasionally see really big spikes in bandwidth and have to download a really big block. Because of economic forces, it's unlikely to happen very often, but it might. It's a system that is always on, always growing, and we do not place artificial restrictions on that growth. If you don't think you can handle this, don't run a full node. There's always SPV clients out there for those users who can't handle a full node."


So we really want a system that's tailored to lazy developers? It's entirely possible to handle unpredictable datasets safely. Database designers do it all the time. The blockchain is just another kind of database.


See my first point about this..  Just tell them to expect the unexpected, and write the software to handle these situations cleanly.


If the software is written to handle large blocks cleanly despite resource limitations, this issue goes away. There's no hard and fast rule that says the block has to be stored entirely in RAM as it's downloaded and verified. The software can be written to do some swapping. And you can make the same argument about hitting the limit of some poor user's disk drive. If a user wants to run a full node, he must have the ability to expand his capacity to handle it as needed.
Also, in order for a rogue miner to be able to choke the network, he not only has to FIND a block, he must propagate it before it can be orphaned. If relays set limits on the sizes of blocks they are willing to propagate, a rogue miner might not be able to get his block out there in time to do any damage.
All of your arguments in favor of a hard limit on the block size seem to be addressable through other means. So I still don't see a real reason to set a limit.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:30:47
@_date: 2015-06-07 04:14:14
Wouldn't payment processors be subject to regulation? The type of regulation where folks might have to hand over sensitive personal information? Or the type that might result in certain types of transactions being censored and blocked?
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:14:05
My guess is that the most significant hard fork change we could expect to see some day would be around the encryption. At some point the current algorithm will either be broken or the hardware will be come fast enough that it's possible to brute force it, and we'll need something stronger. Of course as major a change as that might be, I can't see it being as controversial. Come to think about it, I'm not even sure it would require a hard fork. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 12:58:04
You've obviously never owned a business. Here's a little experiment for you. Go down to your nearest small business. Look around. Don't ask any employees, just look around. Now tell me.. Who are the owners? Who are the main officers? What management experience do they have? Who would you sue if you injured yourself in the store? Is the store a scam?
It's not at all uncommon for business owners to maintain a level of anonymity. It's how they protect their personal assets in the event that some litigious jerk decides to sue them over something trivial. That doesn't mean every business is a scam. It's also not uncommon for online businesses to use a virtual office address, register their domains with a registrar that supports private registration (its offered by default with godaddy, namecheap, verisign, and others), and a WordPress template at least until they're making money and can pay for a proper design. 
How much research did you actually do into the ownership of this particular business? Did you just look at the website and call scam because the owners didn't advertise themselves? Or did you do just spend 5 minutes browsing the site, do a whois query and jump to conclusions?
I don't know anything about coinwallet.eu. I don't know if they're a scam or if they're legit. But the criteria you listed do not mean it's a scam, only that you need to dig a little deeper if you want to be sure. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 16:54:14
It doesn't have to be in a traditional bank account. It could be invested in stocks or bonds, or real estate or quite a few other things that could be nationalized or taken by the state.
Also $10k for an individual is about one to three months salary. But for a company, it's pocket change. Do you expect corporations to store pallets of cash so they can pay their employees and suppliers?
@_date: 2015-06-09 03:29:57
Well, you learn something new every day.. I appreciate you taking the time to go into detail on this.
I still don't 100% agree with Luke's assessment comparing anything except a full node to VISA. 
Bitcoinj clients might not be as secure as I thought they were, but it sounds like the bloom filters could be widened and made more secure. And there's no way for the NSA to force you to peer with a node they control.. Since at least the bitcoinj wallet I've used connects to 6 random peers, and can connect to new peers if one stops working, you've got a pretty solid chance of connecting to benign peers most of the time. Yes, I realize they can snoop just as easily through their access to the backbone, but widening bloom filters sounds like it could help with that issue.
Based on your explanation, I'll accept that Electrum is more secure. I frankly use Electrum or Copay on the PC and Mycelium or Copay on the phone, so I'm hardly concerned with the idea of using a more centralized server, at least for now. But anyone can run an Electrum or Copay server. I can run my own, and configure all my wallets to connect to it. Yes, that means I'm essentially running a full node, but I can run just ONE full node on a VPS, and hundreds or thousands of lightweight nodes. I don't NEED to run a full node on my laptop (which at it's core is what really irked me about Luke-Jr's comment anyway). Frankly, I think it's stupid to run a full node on anything less than a dedicated virtual machine that's always on and always connected, with gobs of bandwidth, especially given that you can do that now for just a couple bucks a month and pay in Bitcoin. I could run a full node on a highly connected VPS for 10 years for less than it costs me to buy a new laptop, so why on earth would I run a full node on my laptop?
And I don't pretend that other wallets can't be hacked and stolen.. But the wallet.dat from Core seems to be the most common target.  It's also the hardest to keep backed up IMHO since it doesn't use a deterministic algorithm for creating new key pairs.
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:45:28
There are hundreds of companies working on exactly that outcome. Bitcoin based remittance, bank transfer settlement, the internet of things. All great uses for Bitcoin that keep it behind the scenes. That's how Linux got to where it is today.
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:57:43
Why do you pirate? Is it because you don't think the producers of your content deserve to be paid? Is it because you're too cheap to pay them what they deserve? Or is it because there's really no better way to get access to the content you want to watch on the platform you want to watch it on?
There's a reason Netflix has done so well. It's because they have made it affordable and easy to get to a lot of quality content. 
People will willingly pay for premium content as long as its easy and affordable. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:57:05


I'm not a programmer on the scale of Gavin or others, mostly because I discovered while studying computer science in college that I hate debugging code, but I do some software development, and I have been on the operations side of software development houses, learning and witnessing what is possible and how to tackle these types of issues for over 20 years.


No, they will hit hardware limits eventually. But a computer PROGRAM can process unlimited blocks if it treats those blocks as a data stream, or uses swapping techniques to load only the portion of the block it is examining into RAM while the rest sits on the disk. I don't claim that it's easy, just that it's possible.
But that's not really the issue you're concerned with. The issue that bothers you is that miners might be able to produce a block that's too large for small users to handle it. 
That's certainly a technical risk, but they are not incentivized to do so. In fact, they are incentivized to keep blocks as small as possible so that they can upload them as fast as possible and as many relays as possible can propagate them. 
They have the tools to do this now, with a configurable size limit that's kept intentionally low by default. As we saw with the recent stress test, most of them are actually using the configurable limit rather than the max limit.
Relays can be given a similar tool (if they don't already have it) to stop or at least slow down the spread of megablocks. They don't HAVE to relay a block they think is too big.
If we make it intentionally hard to get a large block propagated, and set reasonable defaults on the configurable limits, then we can allow large blocks, because we can be relatively well assured that miners won't produce blocks that are TOO large.
And as the size of the network grows, and hardware technology advances, we can adjust those defaults upward without a hard fork.
Edit: I should also point out that 1MB blocks are already too big for some computers. You couldn't run Bitcoin Core on a Commodore 64 or an Apple II+ with a 2400bps modem. So where do we draw the line? And just because most computers today can handle 1MB blocks, do we cripple the software to 1MB (or 20MB) just because that's ALL computers today can handle? We're building a protocol that's supposed to scale as hardware limits expand. But we're putting in a soft limit to prevent exactly that! And even the 40%/yr approach requires us to guess now at how fast hardware will be in the future. What happens if we get some quantum leap in hardware capabilities 5 years down the road that lets of break out of Moore's Law and we get a 5000% capacity boost? Do we have to hard fork again to adjust and keep up with the new baseline? Wouldn't it be preferable to just adjust some config settings?
Edit: 


You're comparing apples to oranges. There is a maximum packet size yes, but that does not limit the amount of DATA that can be exchange. It simply establishes a method for breaking up large data sets into smaller pieces so they can be handled. You're really illustrating my point that computers can handle unlimited data sets if care is taken to do it right.


A C64 or Apple II+ with a 2400bps dialup connection probably could have handled the first couple blocks (I don't know, maybe I'm exaggerating a bit). A 386 could have handled blocks for awhile as well. At some point, some computers will stop being able to handle the block chain. We can say for certain what is required to reach the current block. And going forward, even if we remove the hard limit, we can still say within a margin of error what will be required. If a really big block makes it into the chain and doesn't get orphaned, well, then that's the new minimum limit.  But I think that if we allow relays to limit propagation, we can stop that from happening without requiring a hard limit on the size of blocks.
@_date: 2015-06-25 16:33:21
Socialism and communism actually work quite well in small populations, especially when the people have access to a wealth of natural resources, and the people are all believers in socialism.
Basically, the land provides them what they need, and they share the profits.  They may have a few people abusing the system, but the land is so rich and the population is so small that those bad apples don't create much of a drain. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 06:13:47
Did I say one was superior to the other? No. I'm *nix agnostic. I'm simply pointing out that between Linux and BSD, some *nix kernel is the core of most desktop and mobile devices in the market today. 
But if you're going to pick nits, the devices running BSD based kernels are all FreeBSD based, and Linux has been around longer than FreeBSD. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:33:55
It probably won't be hyper-inflation on the same scale as Zimbabwe. Probably more like Argentina or Venezuela. Basically, Greece is out of credit. They're bankrupt. And there is no confidence in the government. Even a new government will have trouble establishing confidence. So the new Drachma will not be trusted for quite awhile. Nobody will want to take drachmas right away and any capital controls will exacerbate that. Inflation can happen two ways. Either increased supply, or reduced demand. The harder it becomes to use drachmas due to capital controls, the fewer people will want it. The fewer who want it the faster it will inflate. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:21:21
Many people like you are only interested in investing in Bitcoin. You convert a fraction of your income into BTC and hodl. There's nothing wrong with that. 
But there are a few, myself included, who receive 100% of our income in BTC. We can't hodl all of it. We'd starved to death if we did. So we spend it, just like we spend any other money. Of course we want to support Bitcoin as well, so we look for merchants who also believe in BTC and send our business to them first. Then we look for businesses that might not truly believe, but at least accept. Then we look for services that act as middle men and allow us to interface with more of the world.  And finally, for those increasingly fewer expenses where Bitcoin is not an option, we begrudgingly convert to fiat.
Just remember. You may think you're a super investor and that you're doing something special by hodling the small amount of BTC you're buying. But you're not a true believer unless you're all in. And if you are all in, then you've got no choice but to spend. 
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:16:27
There are far more legitimate businesses than scammers. And as cliche as it sounds, the good guys shouldn't be punished because of a few bad actors. 
But it sounds like you don't feel the same. So what do you propose business owners who want privacy should do?
@_date: 2015-06-14 00:02:44
If you read the post in which he made the offer, he was offering 10k for two large pizzas. They didn't have to be purchased from Papa Johns. They could have been homemade. 
The important thing is that he paid 10k BTC for the pizzas. He was not saying, I want to trade 10k for $25 so I can buy pizza. The person who actually bought the pizzas with USD created a value added service. He made the call, and had the pizzas delivered, and was paid 10k BTC for his troubles. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 15:23:37
If you go, be careful. Things are very tense, often violent, right now between the people and their government. I've personally been only one degree of separation from a failed coup attempt (I know someone who knows someone who was directly involved). 
You may not be able to get even the bare necessities. Think bread lines in Soviet Russia before the collapse. I've heard stories of luxury hotels down there asking guests to bring their own toilet paper. If you go down there and start flashing cash (or btc) you're at risk of being kidnapped. 
And if the government catches you selling BTC on the black market you're guilty of skirting capital control laws. If Venezuelan prisons are half as bad as they are in Panama, I don't think you want to spend time in one.
There's a reason Venezuelans are desperate to get themselves and their money out. The shit is hitting the fan and splattering everyone who comes near. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:44:51
Wait. So rather than just accepting Bitcoin, the merchant is back to having to accept Bitcoin via a slew of payment processors like.. for example.. Paypal, Visa, MasterCard, and American Express? How does this even begin to solve any problems?
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:21:11


The software and protocol are TECHNICALLY capable of scaling to handle the world's entire transaction set. The real issue with scaling to this size is limitations on hardware, which are regulated by Moore's Law. Why do we need arbitrary soft limits? Why can't we allow Bitcoin to grow naturally within the limits of our hardware?
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:41:57
Nope.. 1048576 bytes is a MiB. 1000000 bytes is a MB.
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:18:17
It probably won't be hyper-inflation on the same scale as Zimbabwe. Probably more like Argentina or Venezuela. Basically, Greece is out of credit. They're bankrupt. And there is no confidence in the government. Even a new government will have trouble establishing confidence. So the new Drachma will not be trusted for quite awhile. Nobody will want to take drachmas right away and any capital controls will exacerbate that. Inflation can happen two ways. Either increased supply, or reduced demand. The harder it becomes to use drachmas due to capital controls, the fewer people will want it. The fewer who want it the faster it will inflate. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:16:35


You know, like what happens in a FREE MARKET economy, without burdensome regulation which can be manipulated through politics? Isn't that what's happening right now? Different political factions are fighting over how best to regulate the Bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:45:58
As a business owner, I would make the argument that if a customer demands I sacrifice my privacy but is unwilling to sacrifice his own, then that is a customer I don't want. 
But Bitcoin is all about trustless transactions. And privacy is a big part of the culture as well. It seems to me that there can be a happy medium. For example multi-sig transactions and payment channels. You can pay the merchant, but not release the payment until the product or service has been delivered, or release it in small increments while delivery progresses. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:32:33


WTF? Seriously Luke-Jr? Ever heard of SPV? I get the argument against using servers (Electrum, Mycelium, etc).. But you don't have to run a full node to securely participate on the P2P network. And you of all people should know better.




He's talking about HD wallets, multi-sig wallets, and the fact that wallet.dat is an easy target for hot-wallet thieves because users frequently don't turn on encryption in Bitcoin Core, or can't for practical reasons (like an automated hot-wallet).
@_date: 2015-06-10 20:56:41
The only difference between this crash and previous crashes is that this one took longer to reach the bottom. But this bottom is still about $100 higher than where we were when we went into the bubble. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 19:34:04




As an anarchist I'm a little biased against those who accept a government paycheck, regardless of whether it's a welfare check or in exchange for work performed. The government obtains that money through its monopoly on violence. It's dirty money. But that's not my point. My point is that the current Greek government is bankrupt and failing. Sure, it may survive, but then again it may collapse. Anyone who depends on the Greek government is at the greatest risk. 


That just illustrates my point. The smart money has already left. It's time for the rest to get smart. It's not easy or cheap to set up foreign bank accounts and tax structures. Trust me I speak from experience. It's far easier and cheaper to buy Bitcoin. The people of Greece should be getting their money out, the fastest and cheapest way they can. And if or when Greece recovers, then and only then should the people of Greece reinvest into their *nationalized* economy. 
Edit: *nationalized* I was going to say something to that effect, but I accidentally tapped the save button on my phone before I finished, and then was too lazy to fix it.
@_date: 2015-06-13 23:28:00
So according to the machine translation of the article, money has to hold its value in order to work. So I think it might be an interesting experiment to figure out which has held  its value better over the same period. Unfortunately I'm on my mobile in a weak signal area so I can't do the research myself. 
The first time Bitcoin was used to purchase a physical good directly, without converting through a dollar exchange rate was in 2010 when two large Papa Johns pizzas cost 10,000 BTC. At the same moment in time, those same two pizzas cost approximately $25 USD. 
How much would those same two pizzas cost today, measured in USD and BTC?
I could be wrong (/smirk) but I hypothesize that the same two pizzas today will cost more USD and less BTC, demonstrating that BTC has not only held its value but actually increased its value, while the USD has lost value. The relative performance of BTC and USD against the two large papa johns pizza metric tells me that BTC is a superior form of money. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:58:37
Not a silly idea at all. If Bitcoin were ready to handle 11m new Greek users then it would be a fantastic idea. Every citizen and merchant in Greece is about to have to retool his accounting systems to process a new currency that doesn't exist today. This would be the perfect time to adopt Bitcoin nationally. 
But Bitcoin is not ready. Not even close. The block size is too small. We don't have side chains ready. Wallets are too complicated. The infrastructure for acquiring BTC isn't yet available to Greeks on a large scale. And Greece needs something that is ready now. Best case scenario, Bitcoin becomes one of the leading black market currencies in Greece alongside the EUR, USD, and RUB. And make no mistake. There will be a huge black market economy, just like there is in Argentina and Venezuela and any other country with tight capital controls. That will be good for BTC and may get us closer to being ready for the next country that goes bankrupt. 
TLDR; not a silly idea but also not practical. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:28:25
I qualified my entire post in the first sentence where I said if the return to the Drachma without pegging it to something else... But yes, this is a possibility and would be the smartest thing Greece could do I think. But these Keynesians don't like pegging their currencies because then they can't just print more when they need it for some new social program. 
@_date: 2015-06-14 01:45:34
The difference is largely semantic, but there is a difference. When I buy something on Overstock and bitpay processes the transaction, I'm still buying from Overstock. 
When Bitcoiner 1 bought pizza from Bitcoiner 2, he was actually buying the pizza from Bitcoiner 2. Directly, and with Bitcoin. Bitcoiner 2 subcontracted with Papa Johns to prepare and deliver the Pizza, but that wasn't necessarily a requirement of the exchange between B1 and B2.
That would be like me going to Bitpay and telling them to buy me a computer, and them buying one on Overstock and having it delivered to me. In one scenario Bitpay is a payment processor. In the other, Bitpay is the merchant. It's a small distinction, but its a real one. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:41:58
We all value our privacy as individuals. It's our first and best defense against those who would do us harm. We should not expect business owners to sacrifice their privacy when they arguably have the most to lose by doing so. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:11:12
I'd rather a single hard fork now to undo the "short" term fix, than a hard fork now to up the limit, and potentially another hard fork every 5 - 10 years to keep up with technology. Even the 40%/yr idea is just a guess at where future tech will be. It's probably a safe guess, but it's just a guess and if we get left behind, we're looking at another hard fork to catch up.
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:02:43
And the irony would be completely lost on them. Even explaining to them how leaving their money in a bank or exchange is a bad idea and means they don't actually own their Bitcoin, they'll still do it, because they know no other way.
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:29:04
Thank you!
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:06:14
I am not quite sure who is the bigger nutjob.. Shia LaBeouf or Charlie Sheen.  WINNING!!
@_date: 2018-05-06 18:41:34
If you only care about BTC, why are you suggesting he use anything else? Provide legitimate reasons why as a merchant it's in his best interest to accept BTC and only BTC. You obviously believe it's the best coin for his use-case, so forget about the rest and explain why.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:18:52
The government has the ability to subpoena corporate records to get that information when a crime has been committed. The civil courts do not and should not. 
@_date: 2015-12-02 15:22:53
It would be advisable for wallets implementing the RBF flag to do it on a per transaction basis, giving the user the choice, and also to inform the user that by enabling RBF on a given transaction, the merchant will likely not accept it without at least one confirmation. 
Merchants using the payment protocol could also specify within the payment request how they will treat transactions with RBF turned on. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 05:39:04
As a Bitcoin broker in Panama, I have lots of Venezuelans reaching out to me trying to obtain Bitcoin. We have a lot of Venezuelan expats here.
From what I've heard, despite the mining that's going on there, it's very hard to buy Bitcoins with Bolivars. Most of my Venezuelan customers are buying BTC here with USD and sending it home to family who sell them there for a profit.
Buying 1 BTC for USD costs $230ish. But you can sell it on the black market for around 120,000 VEF. Thats about a  9000% premium over the "official" exchange rate of 1455 VEF to 1 BTC. 
That tells me there is massive demand for BTC down there. But its very hard to meet the demand because nobody wants to hold VEF. Most likely, any Venezuelans who are able to acquire BTC are holding as much of as they can and just selling enough of it to cover their basic expenses. 
@_date: 2018-05-06 18:55:47
Having it and having it in a mobile wallet where it's useful in a spur of the moment purchase are entirely different things. Most holders keep it offline or in an exchange where it's hard to get at from a mobile device.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:39:31


I would fully expect to see ECDSA verification acceleration hardware as a commodity component long before we are filling up 8GB blocks. I don't even think we're using GPU power for this yet but it'll happen sooner or later. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:45:35
If Greece exits the Euro and reverts to Drachmas without pegging to something else like Gold or Rubles, a couple things will happen pretty quickly:
1. Greece will convert all bank balances from Euros to Drachmas. Drachmas will become the official national currency. Within the Greek economy, Drachmas will be just as useable as Euros are today, credit and debit cards will continue to work. But the Drachma will go through a period of hyper-inflation and may never come back from that. This will make it very hard to use Drachmas to purchase anything over the Internet from outside of Greece. Greece will probably even implement capital controls limiting conversion of Drachmas into foreign currencies. So consumers will be effectively cut off from buying online using Drachma.
2. A black market cash-only economy dealing in EUR, USD, RUB, and probably BTC will spring up. Just like in Venezuela and Argentina, you will be able to find street exchanges all over the country. Small merchants will be able to participate in this economy and will accept EUR, USD, RUB, and BTC. Larger merchants, and online merchants operating within Greece will be unable to participate because they are forced to comply with capital control laws. Greeks will find that for purchasing online, BTC is the only way to go -- which will boost BTC some, and Eurozone eCommerce businesses which have a high concentration of Greek customers may start accepting BTC more, but it won't happen overnight.
3. With any luck, the Greek economy will eventually stabilize, the Drachma will level out, and become a useful currency again. Of course, this probably won't happen. Greece is small, it really can't sustain itself on its own any more. It doesn't have the exports necessary to pay for its imports, which is why the national debt has grown so much. The government is obviously incompetent, and will mismanage the economy until it eventually collapses.
It's unfortunate for the Greeks that Bitcoin is not ready for them. We can't handle an overnight influx of nearly 11m new users. We're crippled by a 1MB block size, we don't have side chains ready. And frankly, we're not widely enough accepted ANYWHERE to sustain the level of commerce that Greece needs. We're simply NOT a viable alternative to the Euro or the Drachma. But we will get a boost from this. And every time an economy collapses going forward, we'll get another boost. Eventually, we will be an option for the people of some small country when their economy collapses. And when that happens, well... game on!
@_date: 2018-05-06 19:52:26
Better than BCH? Maybe. I'm not here to argue that. But your earlier comment was about popularity. Regardless, this is r/bitcoin. It's a violation of the rules to discuss any alt-coin. So tell me please why the OP should accept BTC and only BTC. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:21:53


We have that here in Panama as well, however in Panama most corporations are sociedades anonimo, meaning the ownership of the business does not have to be listed publicly. The directors of the corp do need to be listed, but the directors are frequently nominees with no direct operational involvement in the business. 
In the US owners use Limited Liability Corporations to protect themselves and their identities from liability issues around the business. Some states allow even the directors to remain anonymous. 


Seems like Brazil is a pretty bad place to run a business if you can't protect your personal assets from the business's liability. But I'd be willing to bet they do have some corporate entity designed to protect the owners. 


Well, some countries apparently do require websites to publish their registry ID. But certainly not most. And given that this isn't a requirement in most places, and many places have corporate structures designed to protect the assets of the owners, I wouldn't use the lack of published information as a reliable indicator that there is some problem.


The level of due diligence you perform is entirely up to you. If you don't trust the business don't do business with them or use multisig and escrow. Bitcoin is designed to be trustless. Don't expect to trust the merchants you do business with. 




No. Because most places in the world don't require full transparency, and frankly in overly litigious countries like the US, transparency is actually a bad idea. Lack of transparency should not by itself be considered a red flag. 


yes a little more due diligence would be a good thing. But making blanket statements that businesses which are not totally transparent are all scams is just silly.
Also keep in mind that as we move into the Bitcoin 2.0 era and all corporations are publicly traded via colored coins on the blockchain, true ownership will be impossible to investigate. Even the management may not know who the owners are. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 16:14:50
Since you edited your comment to be slightly less offensive, I'll adjust my response accordingly. 
Not all spelling errors get caught. Most are ignored. But occasionally, an error can be pointed out in a clever or humorous way. There's no harm in that and it doesn't justify a temper tantrum from the person who made the original error. 
As for my use of the word douche... It's an appropriate slang term from my region and age group, and I used it twice for emphasis. There was nothing wrong with my writing style.
@_date: 2015-06-07 15:51:12
We all make mistakes. Only a douche gets pissed off when someone points out his mistake. Don't be a douche.
@_date: 2018-05-06 16:52:01
Only one of those has more volume or market cap than BCH. Monero isn't even top 10. If you're going to shill alts in r/bitcoin based on popularity, at least be honest with yourself and others. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 05:10:27


You are wrong. As a local exchanger, I'm starting to see it more and more. True, it starts with techies and geeks, but it is spreading out. Slowly, but surely. Some techies are building businesses. And they're paying their staff in Bitcoin. Most of those staff are just converting straight into fiat, but a few see the value in BTC and hold onto it, or they send it on down the line to their friends and families. Little by little, its getting into the hands of ordinary people. And as more and more ordinary people start to receive it, they look for ways to use it. When they do, they help Bitcoin accepting businesses grow. And some of those businesses will start paying their employees in Bitcoin or giving bonuses in BTC, and not all of these payments are fiat denominated. And the cycle repeats and spreads out a little more each cycle and more and more items are priced in BTC rather than fiat. This is how economies are created. Sure the Bitcoin economy is still small, but its there, and it's growing. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:17:17
I'd say Linux has already won on the desktop and mobile, though most people don't realize it. Linux or it's cousin FreeBSD, are the foundation for basically every desktop, set-top and mobile OS in common use today except Windows.
- OSX (Based on FreeBSD)
- iOS (Based on OSX, which is based on FreeBSD)
- Chrome OS (Linux)
- Android (Linux)
- Playstation 3 &amp; 4 (Based on FreeBSD)
- WebOS (Linux)
That's of course not even including the millions of desktops, laptops, and mobile devices that are directly running some standard Linux distribution or one of the *BSD's.
Essentially, if you're going to build some new device, or new class of device, and you need an OS to power it, unless you're Microsoft, you're going to look to either Linux or FreeBSD. And if you're a new business, and you care about security, software costs, and have a primarily web-based infrastructure, you're going to run Linux, OSX, or ChromeOS. There's really no reason to run Windows anymore unless you've been locked in for years.
@_date: 2014-11-20 18:39:04
Welcome to the game! More exchanges = more decentralization, and that's a good thing.
@_date: 2014-10-28 12:02:11
I'm pretty sure you're the exception then, not the rule. I've given small amounts of Bitcoin as gifts and tips to many people. To date, not one person has refused it. And most just sit on it because they can't easily spend it yet. But they don't care what the price is except as a curiosity. When your cost basis is $0 then price is unimportant.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:17:30
Don't go anywhere.. Keep on keepin' on. Keep evangelizing and helping increase adoption of bitcoin the same as you've been doing all along.
This news didn't cause the price to rally, because for months, the price of Bitcoin has been closely linked to the US Dollar Index (DXY). When the USD goes up, BTC goes down, and visa versa, showing signs that real serious traders are now in the game and helping to stabilize the price.
I would not expect announcements of a new merchant accepting bitcoin to move the price significantly ever again -- even if it's Google or Amazon saying they're going to accept Bitcoin for EVERYTHING. Sure, announcements like these will drive adoption, and as adoption increases so will the demand, and as long as adoption and demand increase faster than the supply, then so will the price. But we shouldn't expect single events like these to trigger the next bubble. Rather we should expect to see the price slowly increase over time as bitcoin takes a larger and larger share of the worlds financial transactions.
And don't get me wrong.. I'm extremely bullish on Bitcoin. I just don't think we're going to see anymore wild roller-coaster rides, and I'm happy about that.
@_date: 2014-10-16 16:34:44
You must be in the US. In the rest of the world ATM fees are still quite common. I am a US citizen living in Panama. I have to pay a $4 fee to the ATM operator plus a $2.50 fee to my bank for every withdraw I do from my US accounts.
And I can't just open a local account without jumping through all sorts of hoops and having all my activity reported to Uncle Sam (thanks to FACTA). And even if I could, using a card from one local bank at another bank's machine incurs a minimum $0.98 fee. 
For US residents there's cheap ATMs. For everyone else, there's Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-10-17 06:18:27
I've never checked to see where exactly it's set in stone, but all ATMs here run the exact same software with only different skins for branding and charge the exact same fee structure. When the international card fee changed from $3 to $4 recently it happened on all the machines from every bank all at the same time. So they must have some national ATM network that all banks are required to use. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:33:55
Sweet! I've been bitcoining for years, but this is my first tip! Thanks!
@_date: 2014-07-20 19:11:31
Dear John, 
You say Bitcoin is a confidence scheme that only has value because people believe in it. If that's the case, then what is the dollar? Isn't the dollar just a scheme that requires us to believe in the ability of the federal government to manipulate the economy and money supply so that the dollar retains its value? Shouldn't our confidence in the dollar be shaken by the fact that it has lost 95% of its value since the federal government took us off the gold standard only a few decades ago? Isn't it time that we place our confidence in mathematics and cryptography rather than in politics?
Sincerely, Ergofobe
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:36:22
Well, there is [this]( It's a tiny place, with only 70k residents, but hey, it's a start!
I think any country adopting Bitcoin would be huge.. And by being early adopters, that country would be positioned to some day become an economic powerhouse.. It's the equivalent to discovering that your tiny country has a huge gold deposit beneath the soil.
@_date: 2014-12-11 23:17:03
Just as an example, if the country of Burma decided to go on Bitstamp and place a market order to convert its entire 12,000,000 USD reserve to Bitcoin, they'd get 22,000 BTC and would drive the Bitstamp price up to $545. 
Of course, they'd be foolish to do it that way. But if they were smart, they could slowly and quietly buy up about 30,000+ on multiple exchanges without affecting the price too much.
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:18:47
First of all, for Square Cash to work, both you and the person you're sending money to have to be in the US and have bank accounts setup and linked to Square accounts. Just because you can send someone dollars from your square account to their email address or SMS number doesn't mean that they don't have to create an account in order to receive what you send them.
If I've set up an account with the appropriate service like Blockchain.info, Cointip, Coinbase, Coinapult, or the like, I can send money (and yes, Bitcoin IS money) in seconds, to anyone with a an e-mail address, or Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, Github, Youtube, Google+, Tumblr, or StockTwits accounts, or an SMS phone number.  All without them having to set up a Bitcoin wallet first. This creates a wallet for them automatically, and they just need to claim it by verifying their identity through that platform -- just like Square Cash but actually far more powerful.
Once they have a Bitcoin wallet, it's even easier to send them money and I can do it from anywhere in the world or face to face, without giving out any kind of personal information like my SSN or my phone number or email address.
My point being, there's no need to use a Bitcoin "service" to use Bitcoin, and there's no hoops to jump through.  The hoops you're probably thinking of involve switching between Bitcoin and dollars, and you have Uncle Sam to thank for that. The power he has stems from the dollars he can take from you, and he doesn't want you to stop using dollars so he does everything he can to make it hard for you. But there are more and more companies all the time who are making it possible and EASY to get into and out of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:54:31
Could be worse.. They could hand over their entire economy to the US.. Oh wait, that's exactly what a whole crap-ton of latin american countries have done by locking their local currency to the USD... 
But actually, since Bitcoin is all about the math and has it's own intrinsic value as a method of payment, a country adopting Bitcoin as its primary currency at least for internal trade would be no different than a country standardizing on gold. You just collect a reserve of Bitcoin at the central "bank" of the country and issue a local coin or paper currency whose value is locked to an equivalent amount of BTC.  You could say that One Dominican Peso = 1000 bits.  If you have 1000 BTC in reserve at the central bank, then you'd issue 1,000,000,000 Pesos.  Bitcoin and Pesos could then be used interchangeably, and prices wouldn't have to be adjusted for exchange rates between the two.
Sure, your ability to trade internationally may be dependent on other countries adopting Bitcoin as a reserve currency as well or at least a strong international economy using Bitcoin, but someone always has to be first and it's easier for a small country to make this kind of a change than a big one.
@_date: 2014-10-23 14:07:20
North Korea
@_date: 2014-10-16 17:46:25
You're not factoring in the ask/bid spreads and delays due to confirmations. There could easily be a 1% or more difference between the price paid for the btc and the price he could sell it for.
He could wind up paying more than a direct conversion.  Then again, there's also a good chance he could actually reduce the costs or even make a profit out of it! I have a friend who occasionally receives payments from CAD-&gt;BTC-&gt;USD, and even after fees comes out beating the CAD-&gt;USD (without fees) conversion rate. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 13:28:13
As a local Bitcoin dealer, I'd say it's about half and half. There's plenty of first time buyers who start out with just 1 BTC. The other half usually wanting about $50 or $100 worth to get started. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 20:39:31
Perhaps this is due to all the institutional money that is now moving into Bitcoin.  For months, the price of Bitcoin has been closely linked to the US Dollar Index (DXY). When the USD goes up, BTC goes down, and visa versa, showing signs that real serious traders are now in the game and helping to stabilize the price. 
I would not expect announcements of a new merchant accepting bitcoin to move the price significantly ever again -- even if it's Google or Amazon saying they're going to accept Bitcoin for EVERYTHING. Sure, announcements like these will drive adoption, and as adoption increases so will the demand, and as long as adoption and demand increase faster than the supply, then so will the price.  But we shouldn't expect single events like these to trigger the next bubble. Rather we should expect to see the price slowly increase over time as bitcoin takes a larger and larger share of the worlds financial transactions.
And don't get me wrong.. I'm extremely bullish on Bitcoin. I just don't think we're going to see anymore wild roller-coaster rides, and I'm happy about that.
@_date: 2015-05-10 00:56:48
1. You make the assumption the average user has a QR scanner on their phone besides the one in their bitcoin wallet and knows how to use it. 
2. You are asking them to take multiple, not obvious steps to send you money.
Yes, it would technically work, but its impractical. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:27:48
Wait.. so you're calling 95% of the world's population an edge case?
@_date: 2015-05-10 00:34:01
This has happened before with blockchain.info. There is a precedent for what could be called white hat theft. Having your Bitcoin stolen by someone who is willing to broadcast the weakness he exploited AND willing to return the Bitcoin at no cost to the rightful owner is far preferable to having it stolen by some shadowy figure who keeps it a secret in the hopes he can get more. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:20:54
This is how Gavin's patches implement the change as well. It allows for his code to safely be run without wide consensus because the changes won't take effect until the consensus is reached. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 05:15:10
Not once. In fact in most cases I was the victim of illegal activities. Identity theft is a bitch. 
Edit: I had my NETELLER account frozen because someone sent me a payment from an account they funded with a stolen credit card. I don't remember why my PayPal account was frozen but it took me months to get it unfrozen. I've lost two bank accounts due to activity that kinda sorta resembled money laundering (lots of money in and out) but was just me buying and selling Bitcoin (it's not regulated here yet so that's not illegal). They didn't even care about the Bitcoin, just the volume.
My point is that this stuff can happen to anyone and you don't have to be doing something illegal. But it can't happen if you have your money in a Bitcoin wallet that you control. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 12:30:00
I have a feeling that in order for Bitcoin to go truly mainstream, we're going to need Bitcoin banks where people can feel safe leaving their money so that they don't have to accept responsibility for keeping it safe. And if your idea of coalescing gets implemented, even folks like me might consider it just to avoid the hassle of having to make recurring backups. I'm lazy. I like the set it and forget it method of making backups that deterministic wallets offer. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 12:58:52
Saw this same problem yesterday. A client complained that the transaction I sent him was not confirming in his Mycelium wallet. On closer inspection this was due to Mycelium querying Blockchain.info for transaction details, and Blockchain.info being behind. When it finally caught up, it happened all at once. Something is definitely going on. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:28:22
If you're in the US or one of the many other countries they serve, you could sign up with Bitpay, Coinbase, Square, or Paypal Payments Hub to enable Bitcoin payments from your customers. It's a very simple procedure really. You can integrate their payment processing platforms with your store checkout.
Or you could go the hard-core route and set up your own bitcoin wallet and receive payments directly -- then convert them to USD at your discretion. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:19:46


I don't think Gavin's article ever says that. Not at all. When you're syncing, you start at the beginning, and you replay the entire block chain, one block at a time. The only reason you would want to do that all in RAM is performance. But there is no reason you couldn't start caching UTXOs to disk following some simple rules (when RAM is close to exhaustion, write the oldest UTXOs to disk, not just one at a time but in enough quantity that you bring RAM usage down by 20% or so). Different, more memory conservative rules should apply once fully sync'ed. It may slow down the initial sync, but we only do that once anyway, so who really cares as long as we can sync faster than the blockchain grows?




I've seen proposals that make this algorithmic. Which would prevent a future hard-fork. Essentially, every 10000 blocks, we take the average size of the previous 10000 blocks and make the maximum block size = the average * some amount (I'd say 4 is a good number, causing us to run around 25% capacity).
If we do that, we have the hard-fork now to support it, and then no more hard forks.
@_date: 2014-10-16 16:51:38
That's an interesting comparison. But is the dollar value of the decline or the percentage of the decline more relevant? I would tend to think it's the latter.
@_date: 2015-05-09 18:06:17
You're not wrong in this being a possible solution to the storage problem, but I think this is the fastest way to ensure Bitcoin never goes mainstream. If there's one thing mainstream humans hate, it's being responsible for something. We should really look for a solution that doesn't involve putting any further burden on the user or introducing any additional risk if he/she is irresponsible.
@_date: 2014-10-28 05:28:35
Just because someone doesn't have a need to "get into" Bitcoin doesn't mean they won't "come into" it. The most common way to get the average Joe using Bitcoin is to thrust it upon him. If I say to you that I will give you 0.05 BTC out of the kindness of my heart, are you going to turn me down? No! Because money is money and free money is always better than no money. We are already starting to see cases where people are getting tips, bonuses, and donations paid in BTC. And I also have recently seen several non-techies who do international contract work where the employer prefers to pay in Bitcoin.  BTC is getting spread around, and this will result in the Bitcoin economy growing. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:18:33
So you are under the impression then that the entire Bitcoin network is fully dependent on everyone using the same version Bitcoin Core? That's pretty foolish to believe. There is always the possibility that other clients implement the protocol slightly differently. And temporary blockchain forks happen all the time as a result of network splits caused by one thing or another. But as long as there is general consensus regarding the protocol the longest chain always prevails. Gavin's patches even account for this fact by waiting until a very high percentage of the network is mining blocks using his implementation of the protocol before it even begins increasing the block size. If that doesn't happen, then the changes are effectively null. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 22:28:22
Nobody is opposed to Lighting as far as I can tell. But its not ready yet and may not be for a long time. Even if there is proof of concept code in six months, it may be years before there is a substantial user base on it. We will have maxed out the blockchain long before then. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:18:56
I thought about that but what if I wasn't to send 1 DOGE worth of Bitcoin? Then fiat doesn't fit quite as well. I also thought of using something like altamount but that just looks ugly. I agree it should be something other amount. I'm just not sure what's best. 
Edit: Here's a suggestion. Rather than. Use a single key like amount or fiat we just designate the currency with currency=USD and the use usd=1.50. Or currency=DRK&amp;drk=100. That way any currency could be specified and if a wallet doesn't support it just ignore it. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 22:08:58
Well perhaps I'm the one who was in error. I recalled Gavin discussing this as his method for updating awhile ago. Something about whether the previous 800 out of 1000 blocks were using the updated code &amp; no sooner than March. Perhaps when he actually implemented the code he left out that key piece. If that's the case then his patches as they exist shouldn't be used. But if that is in there then there's no reason not to include his code now. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 18:15:14
"There's no such thing as an EX-marine." -- Any Marine
@_date: 2015-05-09 20:32:20
This is kind of what I was thinking. An extension to the bitcoin URI, which could cause ?amount= to be interpreted as a different currency than BTC. For example:
    ?amount=1&amp;currency=USD&amp;market=bitfinex
Of course this would only work with wallets that supported the extension, otherwise it would be a interpreted as a request for 1 BTC, but maybe use something besides amount as the key.
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:50:34
I can do you one better. Went through the whole process on my phone. Found this article on Reddit for Fun, opened the link in Chrome for Android. Tapped the Pay Now link on the comic which displayed the QR code. Tapped the QR code which opened Mycelium with the transaction already built. Tapped send, entered my PIN and was instantly back to the now unlocked comic! Couldn't have been easier!
@_date: 2015-05-26 15:56:57
As far as I'm concerned, 20MB is an arbitrary number (a lot like how 21 million BTC is an arbitrary number). I think we can handle a 20MB block today, but all I really care about is that we start expanding capacity. I'd be happy with 2MB as long as I know when we start hitting that limit that we can expand it to 4MB then 8MB then 16MB and so on. I've even read one proposal that suggests we have a dynamic limit that tracks on the average size of previous blocks.
I don't care what number we pick, just so long as we pick a number that gives us the ability to grow, and we do it soon.
@_date: 2015-05-11 05:01:40
On a global scale there is a trend towards militarization. Some countries are already there. Some have yet to move that way. But generally speaking the world as a whole is headed that direction. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 07:11:44
They've got a slide deck now too! And a Youtube video of the presentation. So it'll be ready any day now. So we should totally hold off on increasing the block size limit. /s
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:28:22
As a former soldier and child of a military pilot, yes I knew that. My point is that today's police forces are becoming more and more militarized, and are effectively the government's way of occupying their own country with a controlling force. It's not too big a stretch to refer to the police as a branch of the armed forces. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 13:47:51
AI killer robots might be preferable to the current police force. They will at least enforce the rules consistently making it easier for law abiding citizens to go about their business unmolested. Human cops are hugely variable. You come across the wrong cop having a bad day and you're likely to get shot or arrested for looking at him funny. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 12:37:02
I do too. But I was thinking in terms of mainstream use. The "People of Walmart" might be able to figure out a bitcoin wallet if it's made simple enough for them. But requiring them to follow a sequence of more than one or two simple steps? Not so much. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 05:58:53
Well what I believe is the cause may or may not be the actual cause, but since you asked, I think the world is going to shit. There are more people competing for fewer resources, causing escalating tensions between the haves and the have nots. Those in power feel they are at risk of losing their power and are cracking down on the radical elements in ever more violent conflict. The cops of course are put in the unfortunate position of having to enforce the unreasonable demands of those in power but they are told they're on the right side of the fight because they have the law on their side. And if course the increase in force wielded by the powerful results in increased resistance by the people who are then labeled as terrorists or thugs in order to justify further escalation. It's a vicious cycle. 
Unfortunately I don't see an end in sight. I think it's just going to get progressively worse until something snaps. I just hope that if it happens during my lifetime that I can survive the fallout and maybe carve out a space for me and my kids from whatever's left. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 14:33:27
I wonder if there isn't perhaps a simpler way of dealing with UTXO growth.  What if, rather than deal with the issue at the protocol level, we deal with it at the source of the problem -- the wallets. Right now, the typical wallet selects only the minimum number of unspent outputs when building a transaction. The goal is to keep the transaction size to a minimum so that the fee stays low. Consequently, lots of unspent outputs just don't get used, and are left lying around until some point in the future.
What if we started designing wallets to consolidate unspent outputs? When selecting unspent outputs for a transaction, rather than choosing just the minimum number from a particular address, why not select them ALL? Take all of the UTXOs from a particular address, send however much needs to be spent to the payee, and send the rest back to the same address as a single change output? Through this method, we should wind up shrinking the UTXO database over time rather than growing it with each transaction.
The vast majority of users are running one of a handful of different wallet apps: Electrum; Armory; Mycelium; Breadwallet; Coinbase; Circle; and maybe a few others. The developers of all these wallets have a vested interest in the continued usefulness of Bitcoin, and so should not be opposed to changing their UTXO selection algorithms to one that reduces the UTXO database instead of growing it.
Edit: After-thought. Even though these types of transactions would be larger, the fee could stay low. Miners actually benefit from them in that it reduces the amount of storage they need to dedicate to holding the UTXO. So miners are incentivized to mine these types of transactions with a higher priority despite a low fee.
Edit: After-After-thought. Relays could get in on the action and enforce this type of behavior by refusing to relay or deprioritizing the relay of transactions that don't use all of the available UTXOs from the addresses used as inputs. Relays are not only the ones who benefit the most from a reduction of the UTXO database, they're also in the best position to promote good behavior.
@_date: 2015-05-10 00:52:03
It would be trivial for miners to reward users for consolidating their UTXOs by lowering fees for these types of transactions. 
There's also the more indirect incentive that comes from the long term benefits of having a blockchain that can be kept on smaller more affordable nodes. More nodes means more security and more scalability. More security and scalability means the network is more valuable. The network being more valuable means our bitcoins are more valuable. 
Also, anyone who operates a full node would see reduced costs. Since many of the popular wallets out there are tied to full nodes operated by their developers, those developers are rewarded for implementing UTXO consolidation.
@_date: 2015-05-11 04:57:46
I've had my PayPal account frozen, my NETELLER account frozen, my bank accounts levied or closed against my will. All for various silly reasons at various times in my life. Never had a Bitcoin wallet frozen, levied, or closed. And I know I'm not the only one. Ask Kim Dotcom about his US based assets. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:15:16
You know in hind sight I may know where I went wrong. I was attempting to design an algorithm which could account for there being no limit to how much Bitcoin the machine could hold. It's hard to discover price on something with a limitless supply. But there is a limit. The machine can't hold more than all of it. That should make it far simpler to figure it out. 
I don't have time to work on it these days, but I'll open up my source and put it on github when I get to the office and maybe someone else can pick up where I left off. 
Update: I've published my code [on github](
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:33:46
Folks like to complain how Bitcoin is not ready for this or that. In this case its supposedly not ready for micro transactions, and this is supposedly due to the fact that it can't handle more than 7 transactions a second. 
But these same folks fail to acknowledge that we're only just starting to get close to this upper limit. Bitcoin is currently being used quite successfully for micro transactions. Just not a lot of them. Its also being used for large transactions. Just not a lot of them. It's hard to be sure because we don't know what the off-blockchain volume is, but I'd wager Bitcoin as it exists today could handle all current off-blockchain transaction volume except perhaps that of the largest exchanges. 
My point is that as usage continues to grow, so do the number of solutions to increase scalability of Bitcoin. Increasing the block size, side chains, using multi-sig addresses for trustless and confirmationless micro transactions... These are all mechanisms that will be ready soon (probably before they are truly needed), and which will drastically increase Bitcoin's ability to scale.
So don't get your panties in a bunch. Bitcoin is doing just fine and it's not done yet. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:59:13


Not that it can't happen. That it won't be allowed to happen. 




The hardware already exists. Its already in the hands of miners. And its already fully operational. It would not require a huge amount of loss, if any (when you factor in profits already earned), to ride out 2000 blocks or so. Only a complete idiot would equate powering down equipment with its destruction. It's a button or switch. It can be turned back on as easily as it can be turned off. 


The price of Bitcoin is unimportant. Miners were making a profit even when it was less than a dollar a coin. What is important is that the network continue operating while the difficulty adjusts. It is in everyone's best interest to ensure that happens.
Your entire argument is based on the premise that there is a high likelihood that 99% of all Bitcoin miners will just unplug and walk away before the difficulty can adjust. But you are wrong to assume that 99% of miners are as stupid and short sighted as you are. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:34:50
You forget that most miners have been making profits for awhile. They can afford to operate at a loss for awhile as the difficulty comes down. There is 0% likelihood of a near total mining shutdown barring a global catastrophe.
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:07:30


Because, if 99% of miners were as shortsighted as you are, and shut off their mines all at the same time, it would break Bitcoin and if that happens there is no chance that they will ever make more profits. 


Yes they are interested in profits. Long term profits. Sustainable profits. Any business person with half a brain will take a small loss if it protects future profits. That's why your argument is flawed. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:41:38


No, actually they are two very different things. Can't means it's impossible. Won't means it's improbable. I am stating flatly that it is highly improbable that 99% of all miners will stop mining all at once just because they might have to take a small loss for a couple weeks.


Do you hear the words that are coming out of your mouth? Mining will continue, whether or not at a loss.. Not necessarily 100% of mining, but enough of it to sustain the network.  It's not an all or nothing situation. It's highly improbable that 99% of miners will just go away.  They may scale back to limit loss, but they will do so in a responsible way that protects the network from total collapse and thus protects their investments so that once the difficulty drops down to accommodate the reduced hashrate or the price goes back up, they can resume mining at full capacity and start making a profit again.  If they all just shut down and walk away, Bitcoin fails and they'll never make another penny from it.


So you are making the claim that either all miners will mine at a loss, or only 1% of them will.  There's no in between? You're willing to stake your name and reputation on the claim that 99% of miners will stop mining as soon as the price drops below some magical point which you think is no longer profitable.  And this will all happen so fast that the difficulty won't have a chance to drop down to a level that makes it possible to mine profitably at a lower price? 
There is a LOT of room between 100% and 1%. The OP believes that a reduction of about 50% is likely. I think that if the price continues to drop it may be even a larger reduction, but I also believe it won't happen all at once and that the difficulty will be able to keep up with the reduction in hashpower.
The best way for miners to protect their LONG TERM investments is to protect the network by taking a SHORT TERM loss.
@_date: 2015-05-24 20:49:08
Well it sounds like there were bandwidth issues. So more demand than supply. Maybe she should raise the price, not lower it. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 20:37:16
Unfortunately, no bitcoin wallet is going to support this URL redirect. You could modify the wallet to support it, but if you're going to do that, why not just modify the wallet to support an extension to the bitcoin: URI that can indicate the currency and market.
@_date: 2015-05-11 04:06:03
Well I don't have detailed knowledge on every country's police forces, but I can't think of any off the top of my head that don't have at least some form of military style heavily armed tactical units for anti-drug/terrorism/gang activity or riot suppression. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:46:12
I made an effort at developing an algorithm for this last year after I first read this article, but failed. Everything I tried eventually ended up running it of Bitcoin. But then again I'm not a control systems engineer.
Edit: corrected an autocorrect error.
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:49:26
This would also help, although not to the same degree, but I think there are cases where this is impossible to accomplish and shouldn't be a reason to refuse or deprioritize a transaction, for example when sending to multiple recipients, or when there simply aren't enough inputs available. On the other hand, it's very easy to say: All UTXOs that could be used were used.
@_date: 2015-05-10 12:50:12
You think the police that arrested him weren't armed?
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:46:16
As much as I hate to make the comparison and dislike the service, Coinbase really has done a lot to make Bitcoin user friendly. 
They function a lot like PayPal and most people understand how PayPal works. You sign up, get a username and password. Then you link your bank account and credit card. Then you move money into your account and can send it to someone else by their email address or Bitcoin address. Merchants using Coinbase can receive payments from other Coinbase users or from outside the system. People get that. 
What they have a hard time with are the exchange rates and standalone wallets and security. The average person isn't accustomed to currency exchanges and don't understand how your money can be worth more today than yesterday. They don't get concepts like scarcity. And they really don't understand things like multi-sig, or HD wallets or even making backups of your private keys. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 06:50:46
Maybe I mis-interpreted your comment. If so, I apologize. It sure seemed to me at the time like you were pushing Lightning over increasing the limit.
I'm just so fed up with people using the argument that we can't grow the blocksize because of resource restraints, or that there is alternative approaches argument. We're nowhere near any resource restraints that prevent us from growing, and we're nowhere near having any alternative approaches ready in time. The blocksize limit needs to be increased and it needs to happen sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:27:21
If 99% of miners suddenly quit mining then it would effectively break Bitcoin. 
If Bitcoin breaks, it loses all value. 
If it loses all value, hundreds of millions of dollars worth of investments in not just mining equipment but also R&amp;D and companies like Coinbase and Bitpay all go up in smoke. 
Investors are not going to let that happen. There will be enough miners with investment capital supporting them willing to mine at a loss just to prop up the network long enough for a difficulty adjustment. 
The likelihood of 99% of miners just vanishing is about 0% save some globally catastrophic event.
@_date: 2015-05-26 06:27:59
First of all, it's an unknown as to whether or not someone would even WANT to spam the UTXO database. Sure they could, but it wouldn't be cheap even with the low fees we have today, and there's other ways to mitigate that kind of spam attack (for example by requiring higher fees to mine transactions where the number of outputs are larger than the number of inputs). On the other hand, we absolutely KNOW that we are rapidly nearing capacity on 1MB blocks. 
Secondly, we are at 650MB UTXO size right now, and yes it's growing. But that isn't all stored in RAM, nor does it need to be. Even if it were, that's only a small fraction of the amount of RAM that the typical home computer has these days and given that 64-bit Linux kernels can handle 128TB of RAM, it's a tiny fraction of a percent of what an enterprise server can hold. When you factor in the fact that we do and can store most of the UTXO on SDD or HDD disks just fine, that typical home machines typically have multiple terabytes of capacity, and the upper limits on a single enterprise filesystem are measured in Exabytes, then we're talking negligible amounts of resources necessary to keep it ON TODAY'S HARDWARE. 
So despite all that, let's start with something more manageable, like 2MB or 5MB blocks, and see if that's really an issue. And if it isn't, we bump it up to 10MB or 20MB blocks, and if it still isn't then we go to 50MB or 100MB blocks. Right now we are not close to any technical constraint preventing us from increasing the block size.
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:00:48
So in theory, we should be able to freely discuss a hard fork towards emergent consensus without worry of censorship, but if we promote the clients that implement it, we will be "moderated".
@_date: 2015-05-26 08:50:44
I think there is far too much emphasis placed on the absolute extremes around the question of scalability. 
The creators of the Lightning Network presentation actually claimed that Bitcoin has scalability issues because it can't handle 100% of the world's transaction volume today. Of course it can't! That's ludicrous. But neither can any other database out there. And who cares if it can't do it today? It might be decades or centuries before Bitcoin replaces cash, and we'll almost certainly have solved the scalability issues LONG before they're actually issues.
On the other extreme, everyone seems completely bent out of shape over the idea that maybe a few people in isolated, under-developed communities won't have the ability to download and keep the entire blockchain synced if we increase the block size. Yeah, well guess what! There are people out there that can't do that NOW, so what difference does it make? If you can't run a full node on your limited home connection but you really want a full node, just lease a VPS or wait for the Bitsats. Or do what the vast majority of other Bitcoin users are doing and just use a lightweight client connected via SPV or to a server somewhere hosted by someone else who CAN run a full node.
Sure it would be great if we could run 14 billion transactions a day on our cell phones and everyone everywhere could keep a full copy of the blockchain.. But that's just not going to happen. We need to find some happy medium and bumping the limit to 20mb seems as good a place to start as any.
@_date: 2015-05-26 08:13:14
I live in a developing country. So I know what it's like to be bandwidth constrained. And yes, I agree that there are plenty of places where it could take a LONG time to download the whole blockchain. But we're launching Bitsats, and the blockchain can be transmitted by radio, and frankly, there's a whole slew of mechanism through which we can get the blockchain to those unfortunate souls who have very limited Internet access, if they care enough to download it. For example, I've got two VPS servers, and they're both cheaper to operate than my home PC and have 1Gbps connections to the internet. If I really want to run a full node, there's no reason I can't.
But most people don't need the full blockchain to be able to use Bitcoin. Even those who have highly limited bandwidth can make use of SPV or other lightweight clients. What they DO need is the ability to get their transactions ONTO the blockchain, and confirmed, and to do it affordably. And we don't need to wait for Lightning to start raising the block size limit.
I don't pretend that we'll be able to handle 14 billion transactions a day and support 100% of the world's population any time in the near future. Hell, even Visa and Mastercard combined can't handle that. We'd need 2.2Tbps connections to accomplish that. That's simply not going to happen in our lifetimes. We're going to need sidechains and payment channels and all sorts of fun upgrades to handle that. Lightning might be the answer -- long term. But there is a vast divide between 7tps and 0.5 billion tps. I think we have some room to grow the core network while we wait for Lightning and the other kids to mature.
@_date: 2015-05-09 20:05:59
Yes, a wallet that implements this UTXO selection method will over time have consistently fewer UTXOs to track. As the user receives Bitcoin, his UTXO footprint will grow, but as soon as he spends even some small amount of BTC, it shrinks right back down to 1 UTXO.
@_date: 2016-01-27 03:06:25
That's why its funny.
@_date: 2015-05-26 05:23:12
The last time I checked nobody is using lightning yet. I'm unaware of any wallets or applications that support it. Do you seriously think we will rewrite every Bitcoin client to use lightning within a year? Or in less time than it will take for us to reach critical levels on the blockchain?
Edit: Don't get me wrong. I am strongly in favor of developing and using Lightning. I support the development of any technology that can improve the utility and intrinsic value of Bitcoin, without diminishing its security. But I don't feel it is necessary to cripple the core Bitcoin network just so we have an excuse to use one of these alternative technologies.
@_date: 2016-01-23 21:09:04
Simple  solution. Stop posting and commenting in r/bitcoin. It's a wasteland anyway so no big loss. 
@_date: 2017-02-27 13:52:00
Being ready for something does not mean you are in favor of it happening. I'm ready for a zombie apocalypse, however I would prefer it didn't happen. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 01:29:35
I'm busy drinking margaritas and enjoying 5 de Mayo. Maybe tomorrow. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 04:46:59
I don't have a credit or debit card, so I use it for paying for online services like namecheap and my vps provider. I also use it via gyft to do all of my online shopping on amazon and eBay. I use it to reimburse my parents when they let me use their credit card for the few remaining online purchases I can't make any other way (eg. Google).. And I use it when I need my parents to send me money in a pinch (we live in different countries) and to reimburse them afterwards. I was going to use it to fund my neteller net+ card but so much for that.
I wouldn't say that I use it in my daily life quite yet. There's no local businesses that I frequent who accept it. But I certainly use it at least several times a month and I wouldn't have any other way to do a few of the things I use it for. 
@_date: 2016-03-06 03:45:25
What what that tells me is not that people are leaving Bitcoin. That's decidedly not happening. But other cryptos are gaining traction. In my book that's a good thing. If Bitcoin is sustaining $1.45 million daily coming in while others are picking up speed, that can only be interpreted as a good thing for all of the crypto finance world. 
@_date: 2016-03-05 15:47:28
People leaving this sub is not evidence that people are leaving Bitcoin. 
In fact the real evidence, the market price, tends to show quite the opposite. In order to sustain a price of roughly $400, with a production rate of 25 BTC every 10 minutes, approximately $1.45 MILLION needs to move out of fiat and into Bitcoin EVERY DAY! 
Look at any chart longer than the end of your nose and you'll see that Bitcoin is doing just fine. It's actually up 36% on the year. 
It's just this sub that is struggling. 
@_date: 2016-01-28 16:48:49
I respect his right to believe in tonal math and that the planet is only 6000 years old. But I also believe that both of his beliefs are preposterous and irrational. Frankly I think his beliefs are quaint and I find quaint things humorous. I laugh at things I find humorous so I laugh at him. If that makes me a dick, well then I guess I'm a dick. So be it... I mean amen. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 01:28:26
I'm in favor of bigger blocks. I'm not in favor of debating it endlessly and not releasing the code until it's too late. If the core developers can't decide, it's time to fork the code and let the rest of the world decide for them. 
@_date: 2016-11-12 15:48:12
@_date: 2016-11-12 15:52:32
I don't think it's loss of faith. I think it's greater availability of mobile wallets. The world at large is moving towards mobile. Fewer and fewer people use desktops or laptops as their primary device. And you can't run a full node on your phone or tablet.
@_date: 2016-11-12 15:43:03
So you're the one unlucky sap who can't get a bandwidth upgrade. And so while the rest of the world is getting exponential upgrades, because you can't, that means


You must really think you're the center of the universe. Your world view assumes that everywhere else is just like your 2.5 acres. 
Well guess what. Most of the population lives in denser areas than you with access to faster internet than you. Therefore it must be something else causing a reduction in full nodes. 
Did you ever consider the idea that the QT wallet sucks as a wallet? The UI is antiquated. It's slow. Doesn't do HD. Doesn't use BIP39. Doesn't support multi-sig. And probably most importantly, doesn't run on mobile devices. Most users, even if they could, won't run a full node because its not convenient. 
I personally used to run a full node from my house. Today I have 400% more bandwidth. But my personal wallet is Mycelium because I can take it with me and use it whenever i need to. My business wallet is Copay because I need multi-sig security. And if I had hundreds or thousands of BTC in savings, I'd probably put it on a trezor or ledger. There is just no use case that justifies me as an individual or business owner running a full node for my wallet. 
That doesn't mean I don't operate a full node. I operate several in fact, as I operate several online platforms that benefit from having a dedicated blockchain explorer for monitoring the thousands of addresses they use. But again, no use for the QT wallet. 
@_date: 2016-11-18 15:31:28
No. Luke and crew were right in choosing 95%. Segwit absolutely must be uncontroversial. If it were ever rolled back for any reason, it would be disastrous to anyone using it. A 95% activation threshold ensures that everyone is on-board and it won't be rolled back.
@_date: 2016-12-04 16:54:42
Actually. Not done. There are two simple responses to these points. 


Majority of full nodes yes. But the vast majority of users do not run a full node. They use SPV or Web Wallets and so use whatever their wallet connects to. Businesses who run nodes for business reasons are looking for the most stable version of the software. They probably account for the majority of the full nodes who haven't yet upgraded to 0.13. Excluding those business nodes, you get a small handful of hobbiests who run full nodes out of some sense of contribution to decentralization. These few individuals are likely to support Core simply because it was first. Or because they have bought into the Core message of keeping the block size small so it's easier to be decentralized. Whatever the reason for running Core, it's impossible to claim that the vast majority of users actively agree with Core. 


It should be noted that no soft fork has been successful either.
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:27:26
Sounds like a pretty cool place. How do we get there and are there any Bitcoin ATMs?
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:15:49
You can do a lot more damage to Bitcoin than just double-spending on cups of coffee if you own enough of the hashpower. You can also do things like censor transactions, fork the chain and force changes to the protocol.
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:38:35
Phase 1 - you'll be able to fund your prepaid balance on Uber just like you can with gift cards and promotions today. You'll either need a credit card backup or you'll have to have some minimum balance to request a ride. Uber will probably convert all Bitcoin deposits into local currency and continue to pay drivers in fiat. Fiverr.com works like this.
Phase 2 - Extension of phase 1 but enables drivers to receive payments in BTC. Uber stops converting BTC into fiat and holds BTC. 
Phase 3 - The Uber phone app adds a built in Bitcoin wallet which automatically pays the driver and Uber directly at the end of the ride. The app won't let you ask for a ride unless you have enough BTC in the wallet. Fares may be BTC denominated and based on local fare markets. Just like we have peak period rate increases now, fares can fluctuate based on market variables. 
Phase 3.5 - the Uber wallet adds payment channel support which notifies the driver when you've run out of Bitcoin but also allows you to top up your balance mid trip to keep going. 
Phase 4 - The Uber phone app becomes a tool for negotiating and running payment channels between the driver and passenger and Uber but integrates seamlessly with 3rd party wallets through some as yet undefined integration specification. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 07:19:09
I think it's a safe bet that if a voter knows that a particular action will result based directly on the outcome of the voting, that he will vote for the action he actually wants. We don't need to know why he wants that action. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:45:56
Since those fans are in the wall most likely it's pulling cool ambient air in from outside. The heated air is probably sent out vertically through the roof with more fans we didn't see. They did say at the beginning of the video that they picked that particular city because the air was cool and clean.  
@_date: 2015-08-29 23:09:15
I think you need to learn something about causality. Lower network load does not CAUSE individual miners to full node mine. It might make it easier for them to do it but it doesn't cause them to do it. There's a huge difference between "cause" and "enable".
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:29:42
Spam would be unpreventable but also easily detected. Forum clients can detect spam and push it to the bottom.
@_date: 2015-08-10 05:49:52
There can be no consensus in this discussion when the discussion itself is censored by a biased moderator. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:55:32
Spam is largely ignored and will come either from new accounts or accounts with a very high post to response ratio, or very poor post karma. Trolls would exhibit similar characteristics. In my proposal, clients would be able to detect these characteristics and either push them to the bottom of the display or block them altogether. 
There will probably be those in every community who take it upon themselves to look at all new posts regardless of spaminess and promote those that deserve it. By voting from non-anonymous accounts, the community can start to see who are performing this vital task and reward them with tips to rename them to continue.
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:02:24
I don't get why so many responders seem to think that this post is about excluding the Chinese people.. It's not. It could just as easily be about the US or any other political entity having effective control over Bitcoin.
It just so happens that it is the PRC that controls 57% of Bitcoin, and I believe that by artificially restricting the bandwidth requirements of the Bitcoin network by holding the blockchain to 1MB (or even 8MB or 20MB) we are in fact ENABLING the Chinese Government to gain and hold monopoly control.
By removing the block-size constraints, we allow free market economics to take over and enable miners in countries which may have better bandwidth but more expensive electricity to compete with Chinese mines.
This is NOT about China or Communism. This is entirely about regulation preventing free-market economics from functioning.
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:40:57
I just did the math on this, but Communist China controls OVER 57% of mining hashpower. Bandwidth is the rest of the world's only advantage over the Chinese when it comes to mining.  
If you're really worried about the NSA and what it could possibly do with fewer nodes, think about the Communist Party of China and what it can ABSOLUTELY do with 57% of the hashing power.
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:05:58
In China's case, the government also controls the "Great Firewall".. They could potentially redirect connections attempted by individual miners who are trying to connect to pools outside of China to mining pools controlled by the State, or just shut down access to external pools.
@_date: 2015-08-30 00:31:08
This answer is just stupid. We don't have big blocks now, so there's no possible way that big blocks have caused mining centralization.
@_date: 2015-08-10 05:46:53
There's also a grave level of hypocrisy in theymos' enforcement of the no alt-coin rule. All sidechains including lightning and elements are essentially alt-coins with their values pegged to BTC. Yet discussion of these two sidechains in particular are somehow more acceptable on than the XT fork which won't even happen without a 75% super-majority consensus?
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:34:54
The Chinese government operates the worlds largest standing army and has repeatedly demonstrated the willingness to use it against its own citizens. Although this could just as easily happen in the US or India or any other mega-nation where mining hashpower could potentially reach &gt; 50%, it has happened in China.
The Chinese government at a moment's notice could use this military power or regulation to seize control over the 5 largest mining pools which collectively account for over 57% of the world's hashpower.
My fear is not specific to China. My concern is that any one entity (political or corporate or otherwise) might seize control over Bitcoin. By enabling China to gain and maintain this control by artificially restricting block size, we are putting the entire Bitcoin economy at unnecessary risk.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:53:11
Perhaps now.. But what happens when 6 billion Chinese (or hell, even 1 billion) are working Bitcoin jobs and using Bitcoin and decide not to pay their taxes?
Edit: Do you put 1 billion people in prison for failure to pay taxes, or do you decimate the system they're using which allows them to refuse to pay taxes?
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:10:15
Potentially. But fast internet connections aren't something the Chinese government can grant unilaterally. Those come from peering relationships with Internet providers operating in other countries.. Those Internet providers would really like to get access to the whole of China, not just a few Bitcoin miners, so they might force China to open up the great firewall and give everyone access. Just saying, might not be a bad thing for the Chinese people.
@_date: 2015-08-17 16:31:28


When two diametrically opposed opinions exist, and only one can, then the opinions of one group are by nature forced on the other. The small blockers believe their opinion is correct. The large blockers believe it is theirs. To put it in poker terms, Gavin has gone all-in with XT. The Core devs now have a choice... They can go all-in on small blocks, and risk everything, including the Bitcoin network.. Or they can fold and accept larger blocks.
As for extension blocks and sub chains, it's a very intriguing idea. But like Lightning, not ready yet, and certainly won't be in time to prevent a fork if XT gets its supermajority of hashpower.
Perhaps the next time someone proposes a hard fork they will be.
@_date: 2015-08-08 17:57:00
You missed the part where I said that Bitcoin startups can get footholds and focus on the unbanked while ignoring New Yorkers. That is to say, following in the footsteps of shapeshift and Bitfinex by blocking New York. Once they have grown to a size big enough that they can work with the bitlicence then they can make the decision to open their doors to New York. Basically NY will be consistently the last market to get access to the latest and greatest in fintech.
@_date: 2015-08-13 15:16:02
I'm not going to outright call it BS because I can't predict the future, but I don't really buy this whole argument that miners won't be able to profit of of just fees if the blocks aren't kept small. Here's why...
In a big block future, there will be substantially more transactions. Micro-transactions will be possible and common. Also large transactions using Bitcoin for storage may become more common. All of them paying fees. The fees are based on the size of the transaction, not the value, and miners determine what they charge per byte. As the rewards halve their way to zero, miners can raise their fees to compensate. The individual fee per transaction may stay small and affordable to average users but when we're stuffing hundreds of thousands or millions of transactions into each block, it adds up to a lot. 
In a small block future, microtransactions and storage transactions are not possible. The Bitcoin blockchain can only be used by an elite few. As rewards dwindle miners must raise their fees ever and ever higher to compensate, but since they're limited to only a thousand or so transactions per block, those fees must be astronomical.
Who is to say today which will be better for miners in 50 or 100 years? One thing is certain, all miners will have a fixed and predictable set of monthly expenses... Rent, power, bandwidth, and salaries for employees. Whether they are mining big blocks or small, they need to make enough money to pay those expenses and the fees they charge per byte will be a simple math equation. Fee = Total Costs / Total Bytes.
@_date: 2015-08-08 07:14:37
They can't control Bitcoin. They know they can't control Bitcoin. But they can control the unfortunate souls who live in NY. All it takes is threats of prison to get people to conform and obey.
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:48:56


Name any one country that has huge bitcoin mines with mining capacity even approaching the 43% leftover after you exclude China's top mines. Chinese mines account for 4 of the top 5 largest mining pools.  The only other mine in that top 5 is Bitfury, the 3rd largest with 14%.


You don't need ice-cold outdoor temperatures to cool a data center. You only need to blow ambient air that's about 24 degrees or cooler onto hot chips and then do a good job of evacuating the heated air into the environment.  The average temperatures in Beijing and Shenyang are below 24 for most of that year, and within that range for even the hottest months. Source: worldweatheronline.com
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:02:03
uhhhh.... yes I am.. And I'm also familiar with operating data centers and the laws of nature.  It's cheaper to cool equipment when the ambient temperature is cooler, than it is to take hot air and make it cold in order to cool the equipment.
@_date: 2015-08-30 19:28:20
Which is why I was careful to qualify my use of the word terrorism and define it as attacks against the innocent, not against government targets. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 02:11:02
It seems that by this logic we should be banning all discussion of sidechains as well. Because after all, they are effectively alt-coins despite being pegged to Bitcoin. So all the blockstreamers and lightning network proponens need to get their own subreddit and stop proposing their alt-coins as a solution to the block size debate. 
@_date: 2015-08-19 21:31:36
Well, the most obvious and simplest to remove bottleneck is the artificial block size cap. That places a very hard and low limit on capacity. Beyond that Lightning Network and sidechains seems to be excellent ways to lighten the load on Bitcoin itself. 
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:49:38
The Kim Dotcom example isn't really a great one, because you're talking about a centralized company using a decentralized system that it doesn't control as a back-end. As has already been pointed out, the fee market would cause the cost of writing large amounts of data to the blockchain to vary greatly. There is now also serious talk about how to incentivize full nodes by allowing them to charge SPV clients for data requests, meaning not only would Mega customers have to pay to store their data, but they'd have to pay to retrieve it as well (or operate a full node of their own). In order for Kim Dotcom to operate his business affordably, he'd essentially have to run his own full node, mine his own blocks, and provide a proxy to accessing the data from only his node. He might as well continue doing what he's already doing. It's probably cheaper.
But let's take the alternative approach. Let's say someone developed an open source file sharing client with a built-in bitcoin wallet.. Something that is likely to happen, but doesn't have much of a business model behind it. This client knows how to write large files to the blockchain, and is able to calculate the appropriate fee based on the fee market, and the client uses SPV+fee (the as-yet un-invented method for compensating full nodes) to find the cheapest node and pay for retrieving data from it. What is the most likely outcome of this system? Does the blockchain get bloated by movie pirates loading 4kHD movies into the blockchain? Pirates aren't going to spend that kind of money to write their files into the blockchain. Some users might pay to download them, but why would you do that when Bittorrent is so much more useful for this?  I think the most likely outcome is that only meaningful files that are actually worth something to the person who wants to store them forever will go into the blockchain. Things like photographic or video evidence of human rights violations, important news articles, digital copies of important works of art and literature.. And these things don't have to be added to the blockchain by the authors.. More than likely, they will initially be shared through twitter or youtube or other free to the user mass-media channels, and would only be added to the blockchain by someone who can afford to and believes it important to archive this information.
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:29:53


No. I won't. And neither will anyone else. Most people don't run nodes for the sake of running nodes. They don't do it because it makes the network more robust. They don't do it for altruistic reasons. They do it because they get some direct practical use out of it. Perhaps they need a trusted node that fully validates all their transactions. Perhaps they need a super-fast connection to the blockchain for analysis purposes. Perhaps they have some custom software that interfaces with RPC instead of through some RESTful API provided by some 3rd party.  That is why people run nodes today. That's not going to change.
If you take away that utility, you will see that people stop running Bitcoin nodes, and start running nodes on whatever side-chains they wind up migrating to.
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:21:19
I say banks.. I mean banks and other large financial institutions.. 
And yes, I can see the argument being made that it will also be used by side-chains for settlement, but that doesn't change my point. 
If a user gets no direct utility from mainchain Bitcoin, he's not going to operate a mainchain Bitcoin node. So all the efforts to make it possible for users to operate nodes are pointless if no users will be able to use the nodes they operate.
The result of diminished utility will be increased centralization.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:11:33
I'm not trying to exclude the Chinese people from mining.. I'm trying to exclude the Chinese government from seizing control over 57% of mining hashpower.  If China only accounted for 30% or so of all mining hashpower, this would be a non-argument.  But you must keep in mind that a Communist government operates far different than a Republican or Democratic government.  In a functioning Republic or Democracy, the people generally have rights to property which cannot easily be taken from them (and yes I know that in places like the US those rights are trampled on regularly). But in a communist regime, the State owns EVERYTHING and only allows the people to pursue personal goals until those goals conflict with the interests of the State.
If &gt; 57% of mining hashpower is effectively owned by the Chinese State, and the Communist Party suddenly decides it is in the best interest of the State to cripple Bitcoin, it can and will do exactly that.
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:13:39
There are only 83 full nodes in China. I doubt that there are very many individual miners. I can't say for sure though. Also, I don't think the biggest mining pools in China are actually pools.. They may be using pool software to connect up all their hardware, but I think they're closed pools and mine privately. I have no way to prove that however..
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:27:57
Don't need to. Tiananmen Square. Tibet.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:58:41
So a hard fork... Kinda like the hard fork we want to implement that increases the block size...  
Which is preferable.. A hard fork that wipes out and makes irrelevant all of the millions of dollars that has been invested in ASIC mining infrastructure and devestates all miners everywhere in the world.  Or a hard fork that maybe makes a few hundred altruistic hobbyist node operators have to increase their bandwidth to keep up with the network? 
Edit: I didn't downvote your comment, BTW because unlike the rest of the people responding who seem to be of the opinion that the Chinese Government would never do anything to harm Bitcoin, you at least are proposing an alternative solution to the problem.  So while I don't agree that your solution is the best, at least it's a solution and not just a denial of the problem.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:25:28
It sounds like I'm worried about a violently oppressive regime suddenly deciding to exercise its monopoly control over the financial system I've dedicated the last 3 years of my life to.
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:26:49
Lo que me impresionó de ese vídeo es que es hecho por un banco!
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:14:06
In other countries, sure. But in China, this is not quite as easy as you'd think. Keep in mind China has the Great Firewall. Could make it very difficult for miners to use nodes outside of China.
The P2P nature of Bitcoin is resistant to the Firewall. The Stratum protocol used by mining pools, not so much.  Maybe P2Pool..
@_date: 2015-08-30 06:25:29
You want to know what causes centralization? Excluding the millions of users who could use Bitcoin if it was capable of handling the increased number of transactions. You'd prefer Bitcoin were kept only useful to the elite few who can afford the massive fees that will result from small blocks. But here's the problem with that idea. If nobody can use Bitcoin, why the fuck would they run a full node? You want to keep blocks small so some poor sap in the African sahara can run a full node on his cell phone, but he won't be able to afford to actually use it because the fee market will price him out of it. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:19:21
I don't know exactly what the CPC would do.. But I'm pretty sure they already know where all the miners keep their equipment. You can't do things within an oppressive communist regime on that scale without it being detected. The amount of electricity alone that these miners are using would make it simple matter to locate the mines.
Regardless of what it would do, it's what it COULD do. Most ASIC manufacturing happens in China. It would take a long time for the rest of the world to recover from the CPC suddenly deciding to seize control over Bitcoin mining at all levels. I don't know that Bitcoin could survive such an attack.
I'm certainly not willing to risk it just so a few dozen altruistic small-blockers can run their nodes from their mama's basement.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:06:38
It doesn't need direct access now. But it can easily seize control if it wants to. The CPC has control over the Chinese military, and frequently uses this fact to control and opress its citizens.
Also, the protocol only works if no single entity controls and is capable of abusing 51% of the network. If the CPC decides to seize control over the miners, it could execute a 51% attack tomorrow, and decimate the Bitcoin economy.
I should also point out that the top 5 miners in China are already working together to oppose large increases to the block size:   Are they working together because it benefits them all individually, or because it benefits them as a collective? Individuals born and raised in collectives tend to think in collectivist terms, and China is the world's largest collective.
@_date: 2015-08-14 20:03:47
That is such a pile of bullshit and you know it. If XT is an alt-coin today then why does it operate on the Bitcoin mainchain? As it stands today XT is functionally identical to Core. Uses the same protocol. The same rules. It's nothing but a competing client.
The OP is completely correct in pointing out that mods are abusing their censorship power to block promotion of a client that competes with Core because they know that's the only way they have a chance to prevent consensus from being reached. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:34:35
So your argument is that sidechains is closely related to Bitcoin and thus acceptable. How is XT NOT closely related? It's bug for bug compatible with Bitcoin Core and even uses the same blockchain up until there is a super-majority consensus at which point the XT client becomes the defacto Bitcoin and Core loses that status. Elements is nowhere near as closely related. 
@_date: 2015-08-04 01:52:06
You deserve neither, or you don't deserve either. Careful with those double negatives. People might confuse you for a 'murican!
@_date: 2015-08-19 14:59:31
Not once. This is not to say that I'm a Gavinite or a Corebie.. I have chosen to adopt the XT fork for two reasons. 
First, I have a capacity planning background, and I believe that when you reach a certain utilization threshold, you need to increase capacity. Period. Bitcoin has reached that threshold. Any capacity planner will tell you that you don't wait until you're regularly bumping up against the limit. You expand capacity BEFORE you start bumping up against the limit. You expand capacity when you are regularly above a certain mid-point. We're at that point today and the only option available to us TODAY is to relax the block size limit. The exact approach taken, whether that's 2MB, 20MB or somewhere in between, or just eliminating the artificial restriction altogether and letting the market decide what the right levels are, or some dynamic approach, is less important to me than the simple fact that we MUST increase capacity. It has become clear to me that the Core Devs cannot reach a consensus amongst themselves on how to increase capacity, or even whether or not to do it, but they seem happy with the Status Quo as a default fallback plan. I have lost faith in the Core Devs, and so when another option became available, I took it.
Reason  I believe Bitcoin is here for EVERYONE to participate. I bought into Satoshi's ideal that it would some day be able to handle all of the world's transactions and allow us all to exchange value without trusted intermediaries. I do not want to see Bitcoin become some settlement network nobody can afford to use. I've heard all the theories proposed by the small-blockers about why it'll never be able to do that without centralization.. But they have yet to convince me that anything larger than 1MB will cause unacceptable levels of centralization, especially when the alternative is to force centralization of the userbase by excluding all but the wealthiest Bitcoiners who can afford the highest fees. Several of the Core devs have suggested more conservative approaches than Gavin's 8MB and doubling route, but those approaches are WAY too conservative to be practical. And even amongst themselves, with Gavin and his extreme views taken out of the picture, they can't agree on an approach and go with it. And once again, I say that status quo is not an acceptable fallback plan.
If the Core devs can get their thumbs out of their asses and come up with a concrete plan to expand capacity NOW at least to 2MB blocks with a reasonable plan to address future growth, then I'll happily support it. But I have lost faith in them. They have all failed.
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:13:35
Eliminating a poorly thought out temporary restriction on block size is not an attack against a specific set of miners. It's just removing unnecessary regulation which prevents free market economics from working. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:46:16
Bitcoin is incapable of operating totally outside of the control of state policy. It is subject to mathematical limitations. One of those limitations is that 51% attacks are possible. Right now, TODAY, it is totally possible that a single political entity, specifically the People's Republic of China which has a history of violent oppression, can quickly and successfully execute a 51% attack against Bitcoin.
Our defense against such an attack is to increase the block size limits so that miners operating in less oppressive countries with better bandwidth but more expensive electricity can compete with miners operating in China.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:16:24
Lightning doesn't work without modifications to Bitcoin. Modifications that don't have clear consensus so far. XT is a modification to Bitcoin that doesn't yet have clear consensus. By censoring discussion of XT and allowing discussion of Elements and Lightning, theymos is playing favorites which is an abuse of his authority. 
He needs to just stop censoring discussion of any project that is a direct offspring of today's Bitcoin. That's the right thing to do. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 06:05:49
Of course they're all clean.. Because burning coal is the cleanest way to generate electricity!
@_date: 2015-08-03 04:58:12
I live in the tropics. No nirvana here. It's just hot. And humid. The only things nice about the tropics is the beer is cold and cheap and the women wear less clothing. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:01:43


Go to blockchain.info/pools and look at the top 5 pools. 4 of them are in China (only Bitfury is not). Then add up the percentage of hashpower of those 4. You'll get 57%. Assume that there are more than 4 pools operating in China and that not all chinese mines are using those pools, you get &gt; 57%.


They all operate within the legal and military jurisdiction of the PRC. All it would take is a decision by someone within the PRC government to seize control over these pools through regulation or force and the PRC becomes the direct operator of &gt; 57% of mining hashpower.
Will the PRC do this? Unknown, but remember that BTC is a contender for global reserve currency status. That something the PRC has indicated in the past it would like for the Yuan, so there is motive. Can it? Absolutely.


Bitcoin is vulnerable to 51% attacks. Any entity political or otherwise controlling 51% or more hashpower has the ability to fork the blockchain with protocol-layer changes up to and including changing the way the difficulty is measured, what encryption is used, how many bitcoins are mined, etc... Or just create havoc and devalue the currency.
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:35:22
Makes sense.. Still doesn't solve the issue of China having 57% of the horsepower.
@_date: 2015-08-08 16:38:11
I think Coinbase and Gemini are bitlicensed or at least will be. 
@_date: 2015-08-08 19:26:07
New York users are screwed and have no privacy no matter who they trade with. If Bitfinex wants their business, they just need to take steps to protect everyone else's information. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:23:58
So tell me why the Chinese mines haven't already done this? They seem to think that larger blocks would be bad for them because they are bandwidth constrained.. If the solution is to put a node outside the Firewall, why don't they do this and stop objecting to bigger blocks?
@_date: 2015-08-30 00:08:50
Yet people still flock to traditional pools despite a 1MB limit. There is NO evidence or logic to support your premise that stubbornly holding on to a 1MB limit will magically CAUSE miners to STOP doing what they're already doing and START mining with full nodes. Miners will do whatever is most profitable. And pools that do not require them to spend time and money to operate a full node (small blocks or not) are always going to be more profitable than a P2Pool setup. If you want to do something useful for Bitcoin, find a way to incentivize running a full node and make p2pool more profitable. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 07:05:17
You just said that Lightning just requires a mining majority. And now you're saying XT requires a mining majority. You don't see how that's basically the same thing?
@_date: 2015-08-10 07:03:50
Probably right. But the first step in a proof of concept is to have an idea. And I believe in open sourcing my ideas. If I wake up tomorrow and discover I suddenly have a whole lot of time on my hands maybe I will work on developing it. Or maybe someone else will. But the idea is out there now. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:26:15
I don't know if you know anything at all about the Bitcoin protocol or are just trolling.. But it's simple. The Bitcoin PROTOCOL is VULNERABLE to a 51% attack. If any entity, whether it is an individual or collective were to gain 51% or greater control over the hashing power of the Bitcoin network, that entity would be capable of decimating the Bitcoin economy.  The Chinese Government is a single political entity with effectively 57% control over the hashing power of the Bitcoin network. If the Chinese Government wanted to exercise that control tomorrow, there would be nothing we can do to stop them.
It is not a question of excluding Chinese miners. It is a question of enabling miners outside of China to compete and thus taking back control over the Bitcoin PROTOCOL from the Chinese Government.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:46:03


I'd be pretty damn concerned. Because the US government is every bit as bad as the Chinese government.  Fortunately, this isn't the case.
Go bowling Dude, because you haven't made a single valid argument or proposed a single solution.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:36:42


The oppressive regulatory regime of the US has resulted in the US having pretty piss-poor bandwidth as well. So my argument stands. Oppressive government = poor bandwidth. Which means bandwidth and larger blocks are our best defense against oppressive governments controlling Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:42:41
Apology accepted. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:56:10
I don't want to exclude the Chinese people from mining. But because China is a communist country, and as such control over all commerce and labor is held by the State, the Chinese people are not mining. The State is.  
I propose eliminating the artificial restriction on Bitcoin that enables the Chinese State to mine far more efficiently than anywhere else, giving it monopoly control over Bitcoin. I want the countries of the world that have cheaper bandwidth but more expensive electricity to be able to compete.
@_date: 2015-08-10 07:08:26
Actually they're hugely different. The protocol involved in moving cash from one wallet to another is totally incompatible with the protocol for moving bank balances from one account to another. In fact the only way to jump from one protocol to the other is through an intermediary bank which operates on both systems. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:06:01
Nobody's forcing you to read it but you don't need to be a dick about it. Just ignore and move along. 
@_date: 2015-08-08 18:58:39
There are ways to deal with that, for example setting up a Bitlicensed subsidiary that holds only New Yorker's accounts and uses an aggregated order book to connect its users to the main order book. Exactly the way Bitfinex got its start by aggregating Bitstamp's book. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:43:06
They already have 57%. All they have to do is use the largest standing army in the world and their demonstrated willingness to use it against its own people to seize 5 mining pools.
Whether or not they would is open to debate. But if we can level the playing field by removing an artificial restriction on block size, and allow miners in other countries to compete, shouldn't we?
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:06:23
Industrial fans are about moving air, not cooling it. Way cheaper than air conditioners which would need fans too..
@_date: 2015-08-03 06:56:35
What happens if you run it through Google dreamscape?
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:30:43
Sounds like maybe you don't understand how purse.io works. "They" don't place the order on Amazon. You're waiting for some user to come along who wants to buy Bitcoin to see your order, accept your terms, and make the purchase on Amazon for you. There's a few factors that could prevent your order from being taken right away. 
Maybe you asked for too big a discount? I have found that 20% is reasonable and gets my orders accepted within 24 hours. 
Maybe your order is too big? Purse uses purchase limits to protect against credit card fraud. Larger orders can only be purchased by more experienced users. The larger your order, the fewer purse users are able to take it and you have to adjust your discount accordingly to attract them. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:42:55
So 8% discount? I don't really know how that feature works.. Haven't used it myself. But it's new, so maybe it's backlogged. This is just a guess, but if the feature is very popular maybe purse either doesn't have the manpower to place all the orders quickly, or ran out of fiat and are waiting for a wire transfer.. You'd think that in either of those cases they'd just move your order into the general list so users could take it... But I don't really know. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:55:03
Source: blockchain.info/pools.. 
4 of the top 5 pools are Chinese. Exclude Bitfury, and add up the rest.. You get 57%. Assume there are more than 4 pools in China and that not all chinese miners are on these pools and you get &gt; 57%.
In China means under the potential control of the Chinese government and the largest standing army in the world. It would take a couple of phone calls for someone in authority to seize control over the top 4 mines.
Edit: 
Additional references: Tiananmen Square and Tibet. Examples of the Chinese government's willingness to use its Military against its people.
Edit 2: 


I don't consider myself biased. I actually am quite enthralled by the Chinese culture. I find the people to be beautiful both physically and culturally. I include China on my list of places I'd like to live some day. If I have a bias, it's against the Communist Party and the State, but certainly not against the people who are subject to the oppressions of that State.
But I am very much concerned that we as a community have allowed mining to centralize within the borders of a single political entity which has not only demonstrated a willingness to commit violent acts against its own people, but has also indicated that it would like its own currency to gain global reserve status, a status that bitcoin is also contending for.
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:39:04
Most of your arguments are fine.. And I'm not worried about China specifically because it is Communist. I'm worried about any one political entity having the ability to seize control over Bitcoin. I hope that when Bitcoin is truly huge the mining hashpower will be more distributed and less centralized within the borders of a single country, but right now it is.
@_date: 2015-08-03 07:08:55
Anyone could see the writing on the wall months before Mt Gox imploded. As soon as they started having significant delays processing fiat withdraws everyone should have converted into BTC and gotten out. I didn't lose a dime to Gox because I got out when the US government seized the US accounts. The ones who lost money were the ones who trusted the exchange would turn things around or were not paying attention to the news. Some folks were going to lose in the end because Gox was insolvent, but there's no real excuse to stay in and risk your money when you know they're having financial troubles. 
@_date: 2015-08-30 06:17:48
No wonder thermos made you a mod. You're as nutty as he is. You must be working from a 300bps wargames style modem if you think 1mb blocks are anything approaching too big. There's obviously no way to discuss this topic rationally with you. 
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:49:50
Anyone can read the Bitlicense and figure out how to navigate it. But the author is uniquely positioned to profit from his intimate knowledge of it. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:33:28
Or maybe, in order to compete with a world that uses larger blocks, China has to open up their great firewall and allow the people to use the Internet more freely.
@_date: 2015-08-04 02:05:11


Wait just a damn second. A politician worried about spending too much taxpayer money? What bizarro world did this happen in?
@_date: 2015-08-03 06:39:57
There is a tool that I can't remember the name of which can package a funded Bitcoin private key into an encrypted JSON file which could theoretically be sent to a remote Whatsapp user, unpacked, and swept to a Bitcoin wallet, but WhatsApp (or any other messaging app) would have to know what to do with one of these files. 
It's already possible to send a Bitcoin payment request URI via WhatsApp. 
And if you know the Bitcoin address of the recipient you could transmit a signed Bitcoin transaction to the remote user and allow him to broadcast it to the network. Not sure what advantages there would be to doing that over just broadcasting it yourself though. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:52:59
Yes, but some people don't care, and a tiny reward for mining with CPU power is potentially better than no reward for not mining at all, especially if the price some day goes up enough that those tiny amounts of BTC become worth something.
Or they may have really cheap or free electricity (living in a college dorm or mom's basement for instance). Or the heat from the CPU/ASIC chips can be recycled to offset the cost.
There are plenty of people who allow their CPUs to run at 100% for silly things like SETI If they can do that without thinking twice, why not mine for Bitcoin instead?  
Also, a solar panel might be enough to power a low-end CPU mining full node. And even better a low-end ASIC mining full node.
I agree, ASIC is cheaper than CPU, but we don't all have easy access to ASIC tech. 21 Inc. may change that, and imagine if all your devices with 21 Inc. chips were pointing that hashpower at your household full node instead of 21's pool servers...
Edit: A standard CPU today can mine a couple satoshis a day. That may seem like nothing, especially at today's prices, but keep that up for 20 or 30 years while BTC goes up to a couple million dollars each and we may have something. But yes.. Arguing in favor of CPU mining is stupid. I agree. ASIC is definitely the way to go if you can get one. Fortunately, if 21 Inc. has their way, that might happen sooner rather than later. Doesn't really change my point though.. If every full node is also a P2Pool mining node by default (whether it's CPU or ASIC) then decentralization can be achieved once again.
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:52:18


Maybe if we eliminate the block size restrictions so they have to compete on a level playing field against miners with access to cheaper bandwidth but more expensive power..
@_date: 2015-07-29 12:11:06
Someone created a pay-per-view web comic awhile ago which used an HTTP code to request payment by Bitcoin. If someone were to develop an easy to use library in multiple languages and a WordPress plugin as well that implements this feature, it could become quite popular. Especially when paired with a Bitcoin wallet extension for chrome and Firefox like KryptoKit that can detect these requests and cleanly prompt the user to make a payment. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 16:58:00
Moon schmoon. That's Pluto talk! 
I'm a realist. I don't actually expect it to get there during my lifetime if ever, but my point is it was designed to handle that possibility. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:04:32
The west doesn't have the fastest bandwidth. That's actually in the east. Countries like Japan and South Korea. And I don't expect large blocks alone to shift the balance of power to any one country, but it might reduce some of the control centralized in China today. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:08:59
There should be no block size limit at all. Let the free market dictate the size. Just because we can create 2TB blocks doesn't mean they won't get orphaned if they can't get propagated because they're too big.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:22:28
It could be bootstrapped by using a sidechain or alt-coin blockchain such that early content and voting is effectively free. Also, it could be accomplished on the Bitcoin blockchain by crafting transactions that move enough BTC to not get spam filtered but where the bulk of that BTC just goes back to the voter as change and the votes themselves are just dust. Posters and voters both can participate in the mining fee market by assigning priority to their transactions. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:51:12
They mine in about 5 different pools.. Pools which are effectively State owned. 
To change the scale and make an example, just because I own 5 different ASICs connected to 5 different solo-mining computers does not mean I do not control the hashing power of all 5 ASICs. Perhaps I just don't want to give the impression that I have 5 ASICs.
@_date: 2015-08-06 03:52:51
Banks screw people over all the time too. And it's not really PayPal's fault. They're just doing what they're obligated to do. It doesn't matter if they're a bank or a payment processor. PayPal is a regulated financial institution and this by law, required to screw you. This is what happens when people use fiat.
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:27:34
I'm not ignoring the things the US govt has done.. I don't want 51% of the hashpower within the borders of the US anymore than I want it within the borders of China... Or any other country for that matter.. There's 300 some-odd countries out there.. Spread it out some is all I'm saying. We don't want any single entity, political or otherwise, to have 51% of the hashpower, and right now one does.  I might be wrong about the block size being the solution.. I'm not wrong about the risks of a single country controlling the majority of hashpower.
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:55:25
Go to blockchain.info/pools and look at the top 5 pools. 4 of them are in China (only Bitfury is not). Then add up the percentage of hashpower of those 4.  You'll get 57%. Assume that there are more than 4 pools operating in China and that not all chinese mines are using those pools, you get &gt; 57%.
@_date: 2015-08-29 23:29:11
I think you're getting downvoted because there's a very real chance that the police are investigating things that they have no business investigating. Things like drug sales, tax avoidance, gambling, etc.
That said, there are a few real crimes out there for which Bitcoin might be used to pay for and for which those we charge with the duty to protect us might need to investigate, for example human trafficking, CP, terrorism (the real kind where innocent civilians are killed, not just attacks against the government), murder for hire. 
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:49:00
I think most of the anarchists and libertarians in here would prefer that justice were served some other way.
And in away it has been. Karpeles is a pariah in the Bitcoin community. He'll never be able to put his name on anything ever again and have it garner anything but distrust and disdain. He has been shunned by the very community he helped create. That's the same way the Amish deal with those who violate their rules, and its an effective non-violent punishment if you ask me. Nothing hurts more than exclusion.
That said, he financially injured a LOT of us, and it's only human to take a little pleasure in seeing those who hurt us get perp-walked through the streets.
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:40:34
Yes it is the only way to donate to all Bitcoiners equally. But it's in such an insignificant amount that it helps nobody. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:51:22


I don't see much cooling equipment here: 
The only thing you need to keep a data center cool is a source of air 24 degrees or cooler. If the air outside a data center is 24 degrees or cooler, you just pump in cool air from the side and give the hot air a way to escape out the roof. It doesn't have to be kept ice cold.


I am not talking about sanctioning China. I'm talking about removing a protocol-level regulation that potentially gives China a competitive edge.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:31:49
There are many ways to defend against the Chinese Government's control over Bitcoin. This is a potentially good one, that I haven't seen proposed before. Please go into more detail.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:14:39
It has everything to do with the Chinese Government's effective control over 57% of mining hashpower, and their willingness to use violent force to do what those in power believe is in the best interest of the Chinese State.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:04:11
What if I told you the US isn't my government, and that I'm not advocating making it easier for the US to compete?  The US also has piss-poor bandwidth, and regulation that makes it not an ideal location to mine.
@_date: 2015-08-16 21:30:34
As much as I think this group is hugely wrong and full of crap when it comes to their goals for Bitcoin as a settlement network, I think it would be a shame for them to throw in the towel. They've all contributed immeasurably to the project. I think we would all benefit from them continuing to work on Bitcoin and related projects like Lightning and sidechains, as long as they stop trying to hijack the fundamental ideals of the protocol and rewrite the social contract. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:49:35
My house doesn't need heating.. I live near the equator. It costs hundreds of dollars a month just to keep myself cool, let alone a room full of ASICs.
But I have access to enough bandwidth here to compete with Chinese miners, if only I could produce bigger blocks. But wait, we have small-blockers holding that line and excluding me from being able to mine.
@_date: 2015-07-04 17:26:41
I really hope that doesn't happen again. The most common negative comment I see these days is that Bitcoin fell from $1000. Nobody cares that it took a couple weeks to go from $100 to $1000, only that the price fell from $1000 to $250 over the course of a year. Another bubble then collapse will only reinforce that opinion. What we need is slow natural growth so that when we reach $1000 again we never come back below it. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:37:53
XT doesn't REQUIRE a change to a Bitcoin either. Anyone can choose to run either software without any change at all to Bitcoin. It is 100% compatible with Core. What it does however is enable a change once there is consensus. If there is never consensus, there will be no change. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 01:49:40
Good for him... Well maybe. I don't envy the wealth of others. I only envy the talent or work ethic or in a few cases the luck that allows them to become wealthy. But sometimes there are those who commit evil deeds to become wealthy. Perhaps Goldman Sachs and its leadership are guilty of such evil but I reserve judgement until I see indisputable evidence to that fact. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:57:36
Well then we need a subreddit and announcements about Core should be banned
Edit: FWIW I would much rather see discussion of Bitcoin Core, and all other direct offspring such as Elements, Lightning, and XT allowed. They're all relevant to Bitcoin in general.  
@_date: 2015-07-26 18:07:15
Based on one of your other comments it may very well arrive on Monday. The system relies on the purchasing user to update you with an order number and shipping info. There's no automated way to get that info from Amazon. So most likely the purchaser just didn't update the system. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:00:54


So artificially keeping the block size small, thus segregating people out of Bitcoin and onto inferior side-chains because fees get too high, is morally wrong. I like the way you think.
Look.. I'm not advocating taking action that will specifically harm the Chinese miners. I'm talking about removing un-necessary regulation and letting the free market take over.
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:59:56
Not at 8% discount and not with Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 17:12:14
Justice is blind. It doesn't care if you're rich or poor or black or white. Unfortunately, those we entrust to give justice are not.
@_date: 2015-07-24 02:08:07
Do you know of another fiat institution enabling instant fiat transfers between multiple exchanges?
@_date: 2015-08-08 17:06:29
I think the fed have already finished to the extent they will attempt to regulate Bitcoin. FinCEN and the IRS have already released their opinions. They've basically given the states the ability to decide for themselves. 
I think over the next few years we will start to see states take sides. New York is just the first. California is coming soon. The more regulation happy states will be coming out with draconian licenses. We've definitely reached the "then they fight you" phase. 
On the other hand there are other states with a more libertarian populous who will see this as an opportunity to attract innovative startups and will fight to avoid burdensome regulation.  Fintech innovation within the US will probably migrate to the southeast. Georgia is particularly libertarian and has the IT infrastructure to support it. Peachtree Street in Atlanta could become the Bitcoin equivalent of Wall Street.
Bitcoin companies will have no trouble finding footholds around the world where they can dig in, get established, and focus on the 80% of the world that is unbanked or underbanked. The bigger they get, the easier it will be to either ignore places like New York or to jump through the hoops and work within them. And New Yorkers who are cut off from Bitcoin will figure out how to operate. Either directly on the few regulated businesses they will have access to, or by proxy to the rest. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:16:24
I've realized recently, that this entire small-block argument seems to be designed to allow miners in China to be able to get their blocks onto the network fast enough to compete.. Or at least that's the example I hear the most frequently.
But people don't seem to realize that there are other factors that the Chinese are able to exploit to allow them to compete. Most of the chips are manufactured in China, so they're able to get the chips into datacenters faster and cheaper. Electricity is practically free. And huge parts of China are mountainous and cold, so cooling isn't even a major factor.  So although it may be harder for Chinese miners to get their blocks onto the blockchain before they're orphaned, they're able to find substantially more blocks at a much lower cost.  It's these lower costs that allow them to compete.  Artificially restricting the block-size just makes it that much easier for them to compete, and that much harder for everyone else.
And when you include the fact that Chinese mines are all essentially State-owned, The Communist Party of China controls more than 50% of the Bitcoin mining power.  It seems to me like we should be looking for ways to make it HARDER for the Chinese miners, not easier.
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:25:19
I really think you need to look up the definition of racism. You seem to have been brainwashed by the liberal media into thinking it's something besides a belief that a particular group of people is biologically inferior to another based solely on their race. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:34:00
Well that's the beauty of Bitcoin. There will only be 21 million of them. So you can stop once you have them all!
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:29:11
Money laundering is defined as whatever the hell the government wants to define it as when they come to steal your Bitcoin through civil forfeiture rules. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:26:49
XT is software fork. It does not create a blockchain fork until such time as there is a clear consensus. So for all intents and purposes XT is just as much Bitcoin as Core until there is already a guarantee that it will become the dominant chain. At which point Core ceases to be Bitcoin. There is no excuse for censoring announcements regarding XT. Especially if you're going to allow announcements regarding Elements which is a whole separate blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-08-19 15:48:54
We're not. We're working to make it available to more people. The only way that can happen is with bigger blocks. Even things like Lightning Network require bigger blocks to handle the kind of scale they promise. This is something that absolutely must happen if Bitcoin is to continue to grow. So better to do it now while the community is small and dedicated than later when it could do real damage. 
@_date: 2015-07-31 06:04:52
Seems to me that a far simpler way to control Bitcoin is to cripple it so that it's only useful to large, centralized institutions doing settlement, and then to regulate the crap out of those institutions. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 05:54:10
Ok. So what about removing posts regarding lightning and elements sidechains? They have absolutely nothing to do with Bitcoin other than that their prices are pegged to BTC. Beyond that they are no different than any other alt-coin. So why are announcements specific to them being allowed?
It's simple. Theymos is biased and displaying hypocritical behavor. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 17:34:10
This is one of the most irrational things I can think of. In the fiat world, the only people who burn money are douches trying to show off how rich they are.
If you have Bitcoin you want to get rid of for some reason, donate it, don't burn it. Send it to BitGive or some other charitable organization. If those organizations have a fixed public address, it's just as easy to show proof of gift as proof of burn. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:47:12
So donate to a charity aggregator and let your coins be divided up amongst many charities according to community preference. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 00:47:54
With this on again off again attitude from Visa, backpage should just tell them thanks but no thanks the next time Visa says yes.
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:20:06
For now. When a bit is worth $10000 we may want something smaller. Satoshi intended for Bitcoin to be infinitely divisible. Just because we use 8 decimal places now doesn't mean we always will. 
@_date: 2015-08-30 19:31:39
The problem is that the police are paid with taxpayer money, which is stolen from the taxpayers through laws which are enforced by.... the police. They're not working for us anymore. They're working for the State. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:56:59
There will probably be a few die-hard individuals like you who are willing to pay the higher fees to directly use the main-chain occasionally (unless of course those fees get outrageous).. But is that enough of a reason for you to spend an additional hundred or so a year to operate a full node? Not for most people.
Here's what will happen (side-chains included) to the Bitcoin network if we remove its utility for the average user.  
1. A very small number of die-hard idealists (probably the two-dozen or so hard-core small-blockers) will operate full nodes at their own expense, for altruistic reasons. These users likely won't make many transactions on the main chain, because fees will be prohibitively high. But, like you, they might be willing to pay the fee a few times a year to move large amounts between savings and operational accounts on various side-chains.
2. Side-chain operators will run a few nodes to act as a redundant bridge between their side-chain and the main-chain. Let's assume there will eventually be a few hundred popular side-chains, so there might be a thousand or so of these nodes.  Most side-chain users won't operate these bridge nodes, because it will require operating TWO nodes (one on each chain plus the software to bridge them), easily doubling the cost of operating the node. Fees for settlement transactions will be a paid out from accrued fees paid by all the side-chain transactions.
3. Banks, stock exchanges, major remittance operators, and other large financial institutions who move large amounts of capital frequently will all operate full nodes.. Probably a dozen or so each at their main data centers. Potentially one or two nodes at each of their branches -- depending on how much money those branches are moving and how they've set up their internal accounting infrastructure.  Most likely each organization will run its own side-chain to which all branches are connected and have just some bridges at the main hubs for interacting with other institutions.
So in total, we're looking at maybe a few thousand nodes in total. Almost entirely operated by major players with plenty of resources and gobs of bandwidth.  Just so we can keep the blocks small to enable people with small amounts of bandwidth to run nodes on a network they can't even afford to use. Because let's face it.. If they can't afford the bandwidth required to handle larger blocks, they're not going to be able to afford the fees for posting transactions to the main-chain.
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:41:37
You should be careful when using absolutes like "nobody". It only takes one exception to disprove your assertion. 
For example, I personally left godaddy in favor of namecheap 100% because godaddy did not accept Bitcoin. I changed cell phone companies from Claro to Movistar in no small part because I could not refill my phone using Bitrefill. There were additional contributing factors as well, but all others being equal, I would have switched just because of the Bitcoin issue. 
My point is that I regularly hunt for vendors who accept Bitcoin to replace those who don't. And I'm sure I'm not the only one. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:20:02
In reality yes.. I'll never be able to compete with the Chinese pools because my electricity is just too damn expensive.
But in theory, if all other factors were equal.. If my electricity cost the same as it does in China, and I could get ASICs as cheaply as they can in China, and block size were unrestricted, then bandwidth alone would be the deciding factor.  Or if I lived somewhere that power was just a little more expensive and ASICs were just a little more expensive, but bandwidth were a lot cheaper and I could produce bigger blocks, then I might still be able to compete..
My point is that the block size restriction give China one more competitive edge that it doesn't need because it has enough of an edge from manufacturing capability and cheap electricity.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:11:36
So basically Lightning only works if we use Elements or in other words something that is not Bitcoin. Or if we make changes to Bitcoin. And XT is just a change to Bitcoin. How is there any difference?  
FWIW I'm not actually opposed to discussion of sidechains on I'm opposed to theymos hypocritically censoring discussion of XT but not of Elements. He's playing favorites and abusing his authority to manipulate the free discussion of Bitcoin and its various offspring projects. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:51:31
I tend to agree. My one experience with their support was less than stellar. But having worked customer support early in my career I can think of a lot of reasons why you're not getting the fastest response. You'll never know what that reason is though. You'll be lucky if you get an apology for it taking longer than it should. 
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:08:12
Yeah, that's one way to look at it. Although the "poor" can choose to work and be paid under the table in a black market currency as well. The black market is not all about the merchants getting rich. There's a black market for labor as well.
Really, what black markets are is the people opting out of the government regulatory and monetary system. It's got nothing to do with the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer. It's all about saying NO to getting screwed by the State.
@_date: 2015-07-25 07:28:10
Nothing to be nervous about. Worst case scenario you're out $85. That's a nice dinner with your girl. No big loss. Best case scenario.... To the moon!
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:38:13
I vaguely remember, and if my memory serves, they went from 50% to 1% because they were a participatory pool made up of mostly hobby miners and those hobby miners switched to other pools when they realized GHASH got too big. 
As I understand it, most of the big Chinese pools are really just solo-miners with crap-tons of ASICs. We still call them pools because they're capable of operating at the same scale as pools, and they use the same pool software to hook up all their hardware, but they're not really pools.


If it's able to functoin in an unconstrained environment.. Unfortunately, by artificially restricting the size of blocks, we're enabling the Chinese Government to subsidize Chinese miners by providing very cheap electricity and cheap manufacturing capacity to produce ASICs for Chinese mines (mines which are effectively State owned because everything in a communist country is State owned).  If we remove the block size restriction, then mines in countries where bandwidth is cheaper but electricity and ASIC acquisition is more costly are able to compete on a level playing field.
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:36:42
I dare!
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:28:11
The purpose for burning is not to increase the value of everyone's coins. The purpose is to provably relinquish control over your own. To that end there is zero difference between sending to a burn address or sending to a well known &amp; socially acceptable donation address. 
Edit: I should also point out that what happens to the coins once you have burned out donated them has no impact on whatever your motive was to get rid of them. To you, either way, they are effectively gone.
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:57:24
I've had several purchases complete where I never got status updates on the purse dashboard until the item arrived. It requires the purchasing user to provide that information. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:05:59
Here is the one major flaw in your argument.
You want to keep block sizes small so anyone can run a node. That's commendable. 
But in doing so, you sacrifice the utility of the system. Nobody will operate a node on a system they cannot directly use.
The only ones who will run nodes and mine on this settlement network of yours will be the banks using it for settlement.
In other words, by sacrificing utility to enable decentralization, you are causing centralization. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:43:46
I was thinking yesterday about how to accomplish something like this here in my country. And my thought was to build a localized white label smartphone wallet that uses SMS number verification (like WhatsApp or Telegram) and registers the phone number on +onename or some such and associates it with the wallet's xpub or a single address. It would then be trivial to send Bitcoin to a phone number instead of needing a BTC address. And you could build a faucet that would only send to Greek numbers. It's still technically spoofable but possibly a good way to make BTC more accessible. 
Edit: actually, I think there's a way to make the registration less spoofable, but it involves a centralized registration &amp; number verification system.
@_date: 2015-07-28 19:13:30
But wait! Bitcoin is a settlement network. We can't have micro-transactions on the blockchain! What are you thinking?! /s
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:34:20
Simple solution. Donate to a different charity. If your goal is to prove you have relinquished control of your Bitcoins, you're obviously not going to donate them to your own charity. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:35:23
We won't be trapped in earth forever. 
@_date: 2015-08-11 15:34:44
Theymos is not the only one calling XT an alt-coin. He has an entire cult of followers parroting him. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:22:56
I would think it might be just the opposite. If the Chinese miners can't get all of their blocks propagated through the Great Firewall, don't other miners have a greater chance of seeing their blocks stick?  Chinese miners might be able to find more blocks, but they may get orphaned more frequently if they can't get them to propogate.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:40:11
Yet Bitcoin is talked about as a potential global reserve currency, something China would rather the Yuan become. So Bitcoin is competing with the Yuan. Do you think maybe the CPC might possibly have a reason to do damage to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:35:16
So donate to a small charity. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:12:42
Reaching across borders to seize assets is an increasingly common occurrence. All Spain would have to do is ask for the US to help in exchange for doing something the US government needs. It's not guaranteed to work. But it does happen. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:39:22
I agree with everything you just said. I am equally concerned about any single entity gaining control over bitcoin (legally or illegally). But China has achieved what others have not, and so my immediate concern is how to deal with this. I think eliminating the artificial restriction on the blocksize that gives Chinese miners an unfair advantage over miners in countries where bandwidth is cheap but electricity isn't is a good start.
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:43:35
It seems to me like you'd rather nobody benefit than somebody benefit. Because a burn, while it's technically a donation to everybody, is effectively a donation to nobody. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 16:21:49


If this were true, no email spam blockers would be possible. It is possible to recognize spam by looking at certain characteristics.. In the case of blocks, I'm suggesting that if the block is larger than the size of all the transactions it contains, or if the transactions it contains are largely not in the mempool, or if the block displays any other obvious signs that it is a malicious block filled with garbage data, mark it invalid and don't build on it.


It's too late for that. We've moved beyond the point of no return on this issue. XT has happened, it's already got 8% of the nodes out there. A controversial fork is inevitable, unless the Core devs decide that they will accept blocks generated by XT and other large block forks.


I've heard this argument before, but I don't buy it. If only real transactions are included in blocks, then block sizes are bounded by the volume of transactions being created and included in blocks. We don't have to artificially limit the size of blocks to prevent blocks from getting too big, just figure out ways to prevent junk from being included in blocks.


By forcing a limit on the amount of transactions that the network can handle and promoting high fees, you are causing user base centralization, which to the large block community is worse than full node centralization. 


There is a discord in the principles of the community. The principles of the core developers are out of sync with the principles of the community at large. It's one thing to stick to your guns. It's another thing to be so stubborn as to allow the destruction of the very thing you have worked so hard to create.


There may be some loud minority against LN, but my feel of the community is that they think LN is a great idea, but not ready yet, and won't be ready in time. So prove them wrong. Develop LN. Get it working. Show everyone it's a better mousetrap. But don't force it down their throats and give them no other option.


Not everyone, but the vast majority do. However, regardless of what people want, the timing issue has not been decided. Gavin's fork is out there, and it's going to happen. The timing might not be right, but it's been decided. The only appropriate response is to do whatever can be done to defend the network against a fork, and that means that Core needs to accept blocks generated by XT, and if it's going to do that, it might as well future proof and accept blocks of all sizes as long as their not malicious.
@_date: 2015-07-05 17:52:17
Zimbabwe scale hyper-inflation is not likely to happen. Instead look at Venezuela and Argentina as a reference. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:40:41
So you want to hand Bitcoin over to the banks? Because why? Because they're better at this stuff than Joe Schmo?
I just can't see any logic in your thinking. You want to keep the block sizes so small that anyone can run a full node from their home. I respect that. But in doing that you're going to kill the usefulness of Bitcoin for those home users. So I ask you. As a home user, why would I run a node to support a system I can't use?
Answer: I'm not. The only people who will be running Bitcoin nodes will be the same centralized banks who are now in complete control of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 16:38:32
On its own, everyone is correct. Your GPU simply isn't efficient enough to compete with ASIC miners. However, as part of a pool, it will produce some small amount of Bitcoin. If you have to sell those Bitcoin at today's prices in order to pay for electricity, then you'll be operating at a loss. You'd be better off buying Bitcoin with the money you're saving. 
However, if you have a source of FREE or effectively free electricity, enough to power the computer and the GPU, then that small amount of Bitcoin is profit and there is no reason not to continue mining. But if you do have free electricity, and you want to mine, you should sell the GPU and use the money to buy the most energy efficient ASIC miner you can get your hands on in order to maximize the hashes per watt.
@_date: 2015-07-24 01:45:13
I guess he's lucky he mixes his coins before buying underwear!
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:19:54
That would certainly help, but I'm not sure all the Chinese pools are even open pools.  But it might be enough to get it down to less than 50%.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:38:55
If I get in a taxi with $10 in my wallet (taxis here are cheap) and no credit cards and I puke, there's not much the taxi driver can do. 
Uber on the other hand can require maintaining a balance of X amount to cover fares plus cleanings. And can allow your account balance to go negative if it must. You'll just have to pay up before you can ride again. And given how useful Uber is, most would rather pay up. Uber would have a small but probably acceptable risk of loss. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 04:37:51
Yes if you choose to export the wallet.
@_date: 2016-02-01 22:34:40
Actually, I happen to know quite a few whales who are in favor of larger blocks. I'll drop one name because I know he's very publicly in favor of larger blocks, but is just one of many who I know personally.
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:53:33
yeah, I'm not big on the government being involved in this.. but if you gotta have laws, this is a good one to have.. of course, in a stateless world, we'd need to find some other solution to this potential issue.. uber has really already solved this by having your credit card on file, and with bitcoin it could be solved by maintaining a minimum balance.. you could also use a 2-of-3 multisig wallet between the customer, driver, and a dispute resolution service..  and establish a payment channel with sufficient balance to cover damages.  lots of things that could be done that don't involve the police.
@_date: 2015-07-24 01:54:04
So far Coinapult and 1btcxe.com as per the Crypto Capital website. 
@_date: 2015-07-30 03:13:02
Amazing! Months later and the comic still remembers that I paid for it. Cookies almost certainly. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 04:59:10
This would probably be one of those features that wouldn't necessarily be done at the protocol layer but could perhaps be added at the wallet layer. Where prior to sending a transaction to a particular address the wallet scans the address for a transaction with a kill code in it... most likely a spend to the "forwarding" address with a specially formatted op_return output. Miners could also support the mechanism and refuse to confirm transactions sent to addresses with a kill code (but they wouldn't be able to automatically redirect the payment). There wouldn't be any guarantee that someone couldn't ignore the kill code and send a transfer that gets mined by a miner who doesn't support that particular feature, but it could definitely help reduce it. 
@_date: 2015-07-17 01:51:58
I dunno. You'd have to ask a mycelium dev if you want details on what BIP32 schema they chose. Or look at the source code. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:11:16
While technically true, there are two issues with this. One, the amount by which you increase the value of the rest of the Bitcoins is miniscule and likely has no measurable impact on the exchange rate. Two, nobody really knows how many coins have been burned. There's no definitive list of burn addresses. So folks don't have a reliable way to judge just how much coin has been burned and thus how much the value of their own coins has increased.
Donating to charity has a real and measurable impact in the lives of those benefiting from the donations. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 21:04:24
Well if you choose a well known socially acceptable charity like Wikipedia, you can avoid that stigma. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 03:32:06
I thought we established with Obama that the Nobel is no longer a relevant measure of someone's value to society...
@_date: 2015-07-25 20:46:11


Well, since the motivation is to prove you have discarded a certain amount of Bitcoin, it shouldn't really matter who ends up with it. So if hackers wind up stealing it from the charity, that's not really relevant to the choice of donating vs. destroying.
And yes I can see the politics behind which charity to choose being a factor. There are of course ways to deal with that. Rather than donate go a specific charity, you could donate to a charity aggregator like BitGive. If you don't trust them, it shouldn't be too hard to develop a charity bot that allows charities to register their addresses and either randomly selects or allows the community to up/down vote charities to determine how funds are allocated.  Or you could do it algorithmically. Choose the nth output from the nth transaction included in the nth most recent block. That way some random Bitcoiner gets a little bonus.  Or just generate a transaction where the entire amount goes to mining fees. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:04:20
Donating is just as effective as burning for this. The point is to give up control of your Bitcoin as a symbol of the new coin's value to you. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 13:53:48
The major flaw in this theory is that is based on the premise that there is widespread belief that larger blocks are bad. This simply isn't true except here in r/bitcoin where those who believe larger blocks have been silenced. The community at large is strongly in support of larger blocks. 
@_date: 2016-09-23 14:42:48
Yes actually you can. A filesystem is just a database too. You just have to give the browser a method for accessing the data in that database either directly or using some bridge system like a web server. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 15:07:43
The $1200 ATH was caused by a corrupt exchange operator manipulating the price. It's an outlier that should be discounted. If you eliminate that bump, the corrected ATH is around $700ish. We're not very far away from that. And the long term trend has been upwards for years. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 07:24:12
It would be pointless to edit my comment now, but to be clear, I was answering your final question:


Of course now you raised another point worth responding to:


Really? Did I miss the announcement? When did Blockstream say they would implement a hard fork to support 2MB blocks?  Wouldn't that make Core an alt-coin according to the rules here in North Korea?
Or are you referring to Segwit? If so, I should point out that Segwit doesn't actually do anything to increase capacity.  Its just a trick to make better use of the same capacity. Also important, but not technically an increase. 
@_date: 2016-09-11 19:35:14


Did you seriously just say that there are custodians of the network in the same sentence where you expect a decentralized network? 
Do you realize how STUPID you are? You CANNOT have centralized control of a decentralized network. The two concepts are mutually exclusive. 
@_date: 2016-09-24 22:07:28
How about I fuck your mother instead? I'm sure she needs a good fucking with a son like you.
@_date: 2016-09-23 21:11:30
Did you even bother to read my whole comment? I didn't say anyone is doing it. I said it could be done. You'd have to create a URI scheme that tells the browser how to access particular fields of tables in the DB and then code a browser that can actually follow those URIs but there's nothing technically preventing it. 
@_date: 2016-09-20 06:55:28
I know that a resolution doesn't really have any weight. But damn. With a nearly unanimous vote like that, it makes me wonder if maybe the folks on the hill know something about the fiat world that has them really eager to see non-fiat money gain support. 
@_date: 2016-09-12 01:12:29
In communication networks, a node(Latin nodus, 'knot') is either a connection point, a redistribution point (e.g. data communications equipment), **or a communication endpoint** (e.g. data terminal equipment).
Node (networking) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Get a dictionary dumbass. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 19:07:52


I don't know. I am starting to believe there is an insurmountable rift between the two philosophies. 
One group believes in the original premise that Bitcoin is a peer to peer payment system accessible to everyone that has the ability to directly scale to accommodate the transactional requirements of the entire planet. 
The other group believes that Bitcoin should be repurposed as a settlement network to be used only by an elite group of commercial entities (and let's be honest, only very wealthy individuals and corporations will be able to afford the fees required to put a transaction on the main chain) running specialized nodes that take the transactions to a different layer. 
I don't think these two philosophies are compatible. 
@_date: 2016-09-11 18:52:58
So don't run a full node. Seriously. There's no reason for you to do so.
The network doesn't need you. There are plenty of people on the planet who are fully capable and willing to run a full node. Even with larger blocks. Certainly enough to eliminate any arguments of centralization. 
You don't need to. There are plenty of lightweight wallets out there which do a fantastic job of securely managing your funds without requiring you to run a full node. 
You don't even need to run a full node to mine. There are tons of pools out there for you to participate in. 
So quit whining about your lame internet connection. If you really want to run a full node, man up and pay for a faster connection. Don't expect the rest of the world to limit themselves because you're a cheap little troll. 
@_date: 2016-09-11 19:20:03
You're aware that there is no requirement for a node to act as a relay and upload any transactions or blocks? 
The network doesn't need you. You don't need a full node to spend and receive BTC. And you can mine through a pool. 
If your only justification for running a full node is the desire to have a full in-house validated copy of the blockchain, configure your node to receive only. 
If you have some selfish desire to be altruistic and relay data, then man up and get a better connection. 
@_date: 2016-09-24 05:45:39
Wasn't my idea.. I never said it was a good one.. the guy only asked if it was possible. Chill.
@_date: 2016-09-18 22:41:36
This solution probably isn't going to achieve what he needs. If his wallet was compromised, generating a new account from the same seed isn't going to help. He needs a new seed. 
To the OP, I'd recommend installing a different wallet app temporarily, moving all your coin to it, re-installing mycelium with a fresh seed, then moving coins from the temporary wallet to it. 
@_date: 2016-09-23 07:08:31
That issue is a problem created by the Great Firewall. But I believe it's already been resolved through various extremely high-speed low latency relay networks such as  I've heard mention of others networks as well although I can't remember their names off the top of my head. So all other things being equal, I don't think the Great Firewall is really a factor anymore.
@_date: 2016-09-24 21:30:01
Ok mental midget.. Sit down, shut up.. I'm going to give you an education.
For starters, this entire conversation is based on a single person asking if it's possible to host a website in the blockchain. Obviously, everybody knows that there is no current software which provides this functionality. 
Just because it isn't being done, doesn't mean it can't be done. That makes this entire conversation hypothetical. A hypothesis is defined as: "a proposition made as a basis for reasoning, without any assumption of its truth."
Now, child, hopefully you grasp the English language well enough to understand that we are not talking about REAL things, and only about POSSIBLE things. So I will continue. 
A website, in its simplest form, is a collection of objects, such as text, images, sound, and videos, tied together using a markup language known as the Hyper-Text Markup Language (HTML for short). HTML provides a method for structuring text, applying style to it, embedding objects, and manipulating all of these things. The latest version of the HTML standard, HTML5 uses CSS3 for styling and EDMAscript (commonly known as Javascript) for manipulation.
HTML uses a reference system known as a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) to instruct the web browser client on how to fetch additional information, including CSS files, Javascript files, images, videos, flash objects, java objects, etc. A URI specifies the connection scheme, authentication information, and a scheme specific path to where the object can be located. There are MANY schemes ( and a typical browser only supports a handful of them.
Child, I know you are aware that the most common scheme used for serving a Website to a Web browser, is through the Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP). Every web browser on the market implements the client side of this protocol, and most support the most common versions of that protocol, specifically HTTP 1.0 and HTTP 1.1. 
But, child, you seem to be under the false impression that HTTP is the ONLY scheme, so let me give you information you apparently didn't already know. HTTP is not the ONLY scheme that modern web browsers support. There are other schemes for accessing web content. The most commonly supported are:
* file - (a URI typically looks like `file:/path/to/my/file.html`). The FILE protocol is very limited. It is read-only. It doesn't have authentication. But it is a valid scheme and frequently used by website developers while they are creating content.
* ftp - another scheme that was frequently used during the early days of the World Wide Web, and which is still supported by most browsers, is the File Transfer Protocol, or FTP.
* about
* data
* https (yes this is actually a different protocol to http)
* spdy (this was recently standardized as http 2.0)
* rtsp
Some browsers can be extended to support other schemes through plugins, or external software.
Moving on to the server side. Many URI schemes, such as http and ftp reference data hosted on servers that the browser must connect to via the Internet. This data must be exposed to the browser by a server. 
The most common servers which host web content do so via the various versions of the HTTP protocol, but even HTTP servers fetch content on the back-end through a variety of methods. Generally speaking, the content is either generated dynamically by some program, or it is pulled from a data store, which could be either a filesystem or some other common database -- mysql, mongo, blockchain, or some combination of the two. That means that the HTTP server is just a bridge to translate between the HTTP protocol and some other data access mechanism. The website administrator is usually responsible for determining how best to serve the content hosted in the datastore. He will almost always choose the HTTP protocol, because it exposes the data to the widest group of people.
That doesn't mean he is REQUIRED to choose HTTP. And this is where we get back to the original hypothesis that it is POSSIBLE to host Web Content via other protocols.
If I so choose, as a website administrator, I can create a table named content in a MySQL database called Website. With a structure such as:
* id
* data-type
* data
And then create a custom URI scheme called mysqlweb that looks like `mysqlweb://alice:secure@ and then create a plugin for my browser that knows that this URI means to do a `SELECT * FROM website.content WHERE id = 123` using the MySQL protocol as the user `alice` with password `secure` on the database server `
I'd then load the table with content for my website. Each object would be its own row.. The data-type would help the browser know how to display that content (lookup mime types), and the data itself could be text or binary data stored as a blob.
Now, remember, we're talking hypotheticals.. In case your tiny brain has forgotten what that means, hypothesis is defined as: "a proposition made as a basis for reasoning, without any assumption of its truth."
Would I do this? No. It's a stupid idea. The amount of effort involved in creating a plugin for a web-browser that can interpret my ficticious mysqlweb scheme, and then distribute that plugin to everyone who might want to view my content is totally pointless. But I could if I really wanted to.
Taking it back to the original posters original question.. Could I do the same for the blockchain and host content out of the blockchain? Yes, I could. I might even have a good reason to. The blockchain is immutable and distributed. If I wanted to create a website that could never be hacked, could never be modified, could never be taken down, and could be accessed anonymously by anyone who has a copy of the blockchain without making any requests to an untrusted server, it might justify:
1. creating a tool to publish content to the blockchain, for example using the OP_RETURN and a specialized data structure that includes for example size;data-type;blob
2. creating a URI scheme such as bitcoinweb://&lt;transactionid&gt; which instructs the browser to fetch the first OP_RETURN from the transaction with hash &lt;transactionid&gt; and parse and display it
3. creating a browser plugin that participates on the P2P network, keeps a local copy of the blockchain (perhaps pruning it down into a specialized database that only includes bitcoinweb specific content), and knows how to query the blockchain or specialized database for specific transactions by their hash.
Is it practical? I don't know. Is it justified? I don't know. Is it being done already? I don't think so. Is it possible? I've just shown you that YES it is possible.
So to wrap it up dumbass. Open your mind and think outside the box. You'll never get anywhere in the world trolling people with your un-informed bullshit.
@_date: 2016-09-12 01:16:20
So you're quoting yourself I see? Because you're the only one whining about how pathetic your internet connection is. 
@_date: 2016-09-23 13:53:25
Yes an no. You can put the HTML and all static assets such as CSS, JS, and images on the blockchain. Each artifact would go in its own transaction. 
The trick then becomes teaching a browser how to access that data. You could create a new URI scheme that uses transaction ID, and then create a browser that understands that URI and can access the blockchain. Or you could build a proxy web server that can do it for the browser. You'd also have to come up with some mechanism for reading content across multiple transactions if it's larger than the maximum transaction size. 
You could even build a dynamic application that uses JavaScript to access the blockchain as a database and create new records. 
@_date: 2016-09-02 17:33:18
Most businesses that accept BTC aren't yet denominating prices in Bitcoin. Their accounting systems are based on their local fiat currency. 
The only businesses I'm aware of that denominate prices in Bitcoin are either black markets that only use BTC and where the bulk of the supply chain is also using BTC or a few manufacturers who market specifically to the Bitcoin economy. 
@_date: 2016-09-12 14:14:04
Ahhh. The last resort of a mental midget who has been beaten. Stick his fingers in his ears and yell "la la la". 
Enjoy your mother's basement and keep hiding out in Thermosland where your ignorance will be protected and encouraged. 
There's nothing more on this planet for you. 
@_date: 2016-09-26 15:35:21
In a cash society, just about anything that increases raw cash income is a gain for the business. But they're almost certainly making a couple percent from the merchant as a payment processor. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 15:21:01
I don't think anyone can argue that greater efficiency and dynamic fees are explicitly bad, but fees have unnecessarily tripled in the time I've been using BTC. I'd consider that a bad thing. 
I'm also not so sure RBF should be considered a benefit. Zero-conf is risky. Always has been. But it has its use case. RBF just makes it riskier by making it easier for the average person to double spend. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 16:12:13


It's useful long term, but should not have been necessary... Yet. We're a long way away from having any real capacity constraints. Only the artificial one currently being forced on us by a small highly centralized group of developers with conflicted interests.


Doesn't kill it but does complicate it. Everyone who wants to accept zero-conf is now forced to update their software to look for the RBF signal. Has this happened? I'm not well versed in this particular issue but my personal observation is that no, it has not been done by most. 


You guys should seriously consider trademarking this phrase. It's been your motto for over a year now as you fight to hold back on-chain scaling. 
@_date: 2016-09-17 19:12:25
Most likely if that were to happen we'd all agree to change the proof of work algorithm to something more quantum hard. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 19:10:02
That is such a truckload of bullshit. Even the Chinese miners have said they'd be fine with an 8mb block. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 04:45:17
Almost any professional capacity planner will tell you that if you are averaging 75% or higher utilization and regularly peaking at 100%, it's time to increase capacity. Simple as that. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 06:03:54
Today's UAE citizens likely did not get a voice. Most of the world's inhabitants can say the same about a great many of the laws they are subject to. I know there are many laws on the books in both the country I was born in and the country I reside in that were around before i was born. 
I don't know much about the governing bodies over there. But I'm confident that at some point in the past, some group of individuals put someone in charge for whatever reason and that power has persisted and grown until today. But the People far outnumber the leadership. If there is enough peaceful civil disobedience like that of the OP, it will be possible to finally take the power back. 
@_date: 2015-04-30 15:08:11
At this scale it's a little hard to see but there has been a slight upward slope since early 2014. But it's been very gentle. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:07:13
The point everyone is trying to make but apparently failing to is that the US government does not respect jurisdictional law. 
It does not matter if you host your business on the Isle of Man or North Korea. If you are doing something that the US government does not want you to do, they will do everything they can to stop you, and very few other governments will make any special efforts to protect you.
The US government is totally willing and able to violate your rights, it's own laws, and the laws of other sovereign states in order to make an example out of you, and nobody will stand up to them. 
It is far safer to simply comply with the demands made by the US, or make special effort not to do business with anyone who is directly or at least two degrees indirectly a citizen or resident of the US. 
Edit: Better stated, if you want to be free to build your business, make sure you don't do anything that will have any negative impact (either real or perceived) on any business or industry group with significant lobbying influence in the US. That means finance industry, entertainment industry, medical industry, gaming industry, military industry, petroleum industry, or probably a few others I'm leaving out. Or you could just start building you business quietly while waiting and preparing for the upcoming economic collapse so that you're positioned to survive and profit. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 22:02:19
What about asking developers to publish their Bitcoin addresses in the comments of any pull requests they generate? Then those who wish to donate can do so in small chunks, based on a review of the code and it's quality/value.  It's a little more work for the donators and requires some ability to read and evaluate code, but this could be mitigated somewhat by holding conversations around each pull request. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 22:31:34
While bragging about using Bitcoin to circumvent trade restrictions (ie. The Law) might not be the wisest thing the OP could have done, I applaud him for doing it. The State only has power because we the people once granted it that power. And now we are the ones who must take the power back. Since armed resistance is a frequently doomed option, simply bypassing the State and ignoring its rules is possibly far more effective, and is one of the principals on which Bitcoin was created. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 23:51:18
I'm pretty sure a pointer is just programming speak for a way to reference another piece of data. In this case hashPrevBlock references the previous block. The exact method for doing this depends on the programming language being used. Bitcoin syntax uses hashes to identify blocks of data. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:30:12
Of course you *could* navigate the entire blockchain by looking at the prevBlockHash of each block, and finding the block with that hash, making the blockchain a linked list... This would be foolish to do and highly inefficient given that there are simpler ways to navigate the blockchain. But you *could*...
It's all just semantics. I'm not even sure why I'm discussing this point because I am not even really interested in the topic. I guess I'm just nostalgic for my days on the debate team and I'm debating for the sake of debating. :) If you feel the need to respond, by all means do so, and I may counter your response. But please don't do it just for my benefit. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 18:46:10
MasterCard, Visa, and all debt based monetary instruments have been irrelevant since Satoshi mined the first block in 2009. The world just hasn't realized it yet.
@_date: 2015-04-23 17:40:53
I'm a high-tech redneck and proud of it. /!s And I know quite a few others, some of who are fascinated with Japanese culture thanks to anime. 
Not saying that's who Satoshi is. Just saying its not outside the realm of the possible. 
@_date: 2015-04-15 04:01:04
If you are invested in something you are passionate about, for example your house, or your relationship with your wife, do you not discuss these things with your friends? 
You don't have to talk about how deeply you're invested in something to share your interest in it with friends. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:47:51
Ok, so now I'm learning something new. If I understand you, a linked list could contain the blockchain with the block hashes as keys, but the blockchain as it exists is not in itself a linked list because there is no lookup mechanism. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 19:45:36
So ELI5 me on this. I get that I can create a unique piece of software by embedding a unique serial number. I can then register that unique software by hashing it and storing that hash on the blockchain. And I get that I can transfer ownership by spending that output to a different address. But how do I use this to limit who has copies of the software? What prevents duplication?
@_date: 2015-04-23 16:21:19
"Horn in" is actually correctly used. But it's a very American expression. I'm not sure I've ever heard it used by anyone but those who grew up in rural America. This, combined with the use of "sweet" could be very useful in identifying Satoshi. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:10:26
Here's another question. The block data itself does not contain the information that makes it a linked list, but this information can be inferred from the data. Every block explorer I've seen so far takes advantage of that fact and uses it to create navigable databases complete with references to the previous and next blocks by hash. Would it be safe to say that although the blockchain itself is not a linked list, nearly every full node stores it as such?
@_date: 2015-09-29 02:53:52
Unfortunately USD is just paper and not subject to the same constitutional protections as a person. Worse than that, it's only a debt instrument and not even considered your property under the law. So the issuer is free to nullify it if they so choose. 
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:21:45
I agree with you in principle. However, in practice I have met many people from all walks of life who have at least heard of Bitcoin and are genuinely curious to learn more. You don't have to approach it as an evangelist. You don't need to be on a mission to spread the gospel. But it doesn't hurt to casually mention it and see where the conversation leads. Once your friends know that you are a source of information, they may come to you to find out more, instead of the media. And given that the media is generally clueless, that's a good thing.
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:15:18
Unfortunately, highly democratic governments like that are the equivalent of mob rule. There's all sorts of reasons why mob rule is bad. Not the least of which is that mobs tend towards socialism.
The republican form of government was created on the premise that the uneducated mob tends to make bad decisions and that an educated and informed representative leadership was ideal. Of course we're seeing how well that idea played out, so don't mistake me for a believer in the republic. 
I'm an anarchist personally. I believe that every individual has the sovereign right to decide what is right for himself, and the right to try to make that happen by whatever non-agressive means he can. Neither the mob nor a republican government should be able to interfere with his rights. I believe in private property and the ability to trade that property freely. When I say things like take the power back, I mean eliminating government interference. 
Bitcoin has the potential to restore the power of free trade, as is evidenced by the OPs transaction. It's the first form of money since gold and silver that can truly be owned by the individual. And it's the first form of money in human history that can be sent to any point on earth in seconds without the risk of theft, political interference, or limits on the amount.
@_date: 2015-04-18 07:17:05
You obviously missed the point I was making. Debt based financial instruments became irrelevant to the future the moment something better was invented. They may still be relevant in today's world, but in the long term they're not a factor. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 14:28:06
I've got no skin in the game. And don't really have an opinion worth protecting on this topic. TIL "horn in" isn't just an American phrase. 
@_date: 2015-09-29 03:51:53
Yes. That's the definition accepted by the people. But in practice, the feds have decided that if they can't prove a crime, they will take the act of obscuring the source of funds as evidence that the source was dirty. It might not be enough to convict you, but its enough to justify a civil asset forfeiture. 
@_date: 2015-09-23 01:10:13




A future where a popular idea is punished to the point where the idea is no longer viable is a future I hope we never see in the Bitcoin space. That's what's happening today in the fiat world. And Bitcoin is supposed to be an alternative that solves that problem and allows us to innovate and thrive without friction. 
@_date: 2015-09-30 14:13:22
And what's wrong with a little capitalism? Isn't that what Bitcoin is supposed to enable? Free trade without restrictions or manipulation?
So what if Ver bought or Blockstream bought thermos and his cult of crazies. If Ver mismanages the sub, it will go to shit and people will leave.. Just like what is happening in @_date: 2015-09-13 18:24:11
So I've been reading through some of this guys other articles. He's basically trolling everyone. He consistently makes seemingly ill informed and unsubstantiated claims to make Bitcoin look bad while at the same time pumping various alt-coins which presumably solve the issues Bitcoin has. It's quite obvious he's invested in a bunch of "penny-stock" coins and is using his platform to pump them for profit. 
@_date: 2015-04-15 20:42:41
You don't have to ram your piano practice trials and triumphs down someone's throat. But if you mention in passing that you play, you can go into detail with anyone who expresses interest. 
@_date: 2015-09-24 15:09:53
I'm going to sound like a douche here but, for some people, 1BTC is chump change. Just like you might carry a few hundred cash around with you for impulse purchases, a Bitcoin or two on your phone is no big deal. Certainly not worth the hassle of a secondary device just to pay for whatever you might want to use the BTC for. 
And different people will have different opinions on just how much carry-around Bitcoin is right for them. 
@_date: 2015-09-29 13:37:06
Compared to when we are in a growth bubble, yes you could say that growth is lackluster. But you need to factor in the high inflation. Because we are churning out 25 new Bitcoins every 10 minutes, it takes a lot of fiat (about $1m per day) being turned into Bitcoin  just to hold the price steady. When you think about it in those terms and then think about how the price has been pretty stable (ranging between $200 and $300) for 8 months and counting, that's really pretty impressive. That's about $360 million dollars worth of value leaving the fiat economy and entering the Bitcoin economy every year. That ain't lackluster if you ask me. 
@_date: 2015-09-23 12:52:36
I'm not convinced it is, but for the sake of argument, even if it is risky, it's a risk that we must take. It has been well established that systems like LN will require bigger blocks in order to function. 
Those still advocating small blocks, nutters like Luke-Jr, have only one argument they use for justification, and it's hugely flawed. They claim that keeping the block size small is the only way to ensure that everyone can run a full node, even if they have a slow connection to the internet. The idea that we should all be able to run a full node from home is noble, but the fatal flaw in this idea is that if the block size is kept that small, it will result in nobody being able to actually use the main chain because the mining fees will become prohibitively expensive. If they can't use Bitcoin on the main chain, what is the incentive to run a full node?
But I can have my own full node, with plenty enough bandwidth for large blocks, hosted in the cloud for less than $5 a month. That's less than the electricity and bandwidth costs to run it from my house. And it's always online and available for me to point all my SVP wallets to as a trusted node. And I don't need LN or anything like it.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:33:54
Dude. Open your mind to something more than just this finite moment in time. I said fiat is relevant to most people now, today. That's obvious and I'm not arguing it. But at some point in the future it won't be. And at that point we will look back and say the turning point was when the first block was mined. If we accept that at some point in the future fiat will become irrelevant, and we accept that we are already on that path and that it is irreversible, then we can state that fiat is already irrelevant, but that MOST people don't yet know it.
I personally believe that cryptocurrency is the future and that we're on a one way road away from fiat. You won't convince me otherwise. To me, fiat has already lost its relevance. I'm just waiting on the rest of the world to catch up. 
@_date: 2015-09-25 02:40:44
Don't forget BTMs. They're still very uncommon but they are out there and their numbers are increasing. As it becomes harder to buy BTC online it will get easier to buy them with cash. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 19:12:32
@_date: 2015-09-26 17:29:50
You cannot claim that miners rejected BIP101. You can say that they chose to preserve their profits by not mining BIP101 blocks after Slush and all other publicly announced BIP101 mining pools were DDOSed for supporting it. They basically weren't given a choice. 
@_date: 2015-09-30 16:03:13
And that's reddit's right. They are after all the owners of the platform. But that doesn't make the transaction (if there was one) inherently wrong, just prohibited. As we all know, there's lots of things that are prohibited in this world that aren't actually bad. 
@_date: 2015-09-02 02:10:47
Thanks but I need a VPS host, not a VPN host.
@_date: 2015-09-25 02:44:53
Try bitwage
@_date: 2015-09-19 19:31:53
Yet Japan has one of the world's highest suicide rates. 
The grass is always greener on the other side. 
@_date: 2015-09-30 13:59:45
What's this about ac/dc not allowing streaming? I've been streaming them for ages on Google play all access. 
@_date: 2015-09-22 13:56:31
There should never be any law that dictates the relationship between two parties. The nature of that relationship should be private, voluntary, negotiable, and flexible. 
@_date: 2015-09-22 13:15:46
OP, you should go right ahead and create your application. Certain individuals seem to have forgotten that Bitcoin is PERMISSIONLESS. If the blockchain starts to get clogged up because of the success of your game, well then we'll just have to increase the size of the blocks to accommodate. As long as you're paying the mining fees, you're cool.
Don't listen to nutjobs like Luke-Jr who, best case, have forgotten that Bitcoin is for everyone, or worst case, have some hidden agenda to cripple Bitcoin to further their own cause. Those of us who really understand what Bitcoin is about on a philosophical level welcome you and your game with open arms.
@_date: 2015-09-29 02:44:13
Any attempt to obscure the source of funds, whether legally sourced or not is money laundering. Buying gold with Bitcoin is not illegal. Selling gold for USD is not illegal. Buying gold with Bitcoin and then selling that gold for USD in order to hide the fact that the money was originally in Bitcoin is illegal. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 06:17:33
It's probably picking nits here. But if as you say pointers are only relevant in C and C-like languages, and as whoever alsomahler quoted says that a linked list is linked by a pointer, does that mean that linked lists are only relevant in C or similar languages? No. I think the terminology can be abstracted somewhat, and it would be fair to call the blockchain a linked list. 
I'm hoping my point was clear. It's late and my brain is tired. 
@_date: 2015-09-26 20:19:34
Adding a tag that says you are in favor of something is not a vote. It holds no weight. Especially when that something doesn't even exist and may never. There are quite a lot of miners still using this worthless tag method to "vote" for 8MB blocks as well. 
@_date: 2016-10-04 03:38:54
According to bitcoinfees.21.co:




Higher than your $0.05.. Lower than my $0.15.. But then again, I based my $0.15 on the fact that I use a Multi-sig wallet.. The mean transaction size of only 226 bytes indicates that the average transaction is not multi-sig.
It would probably be fair to state that the average transaction fee is $0.08, while the average multi-sig transaction fee is closer to $0.15.
@_date: 2016-10-06 20:27:07
Just a guess but perhaps they're doing a proof of concept that would eventually be standardized and expanded to include other jurisdictions records. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 13:49:35
Is this a real scaling conference or another Blockstream stalling conference?
@_date: 2016-10-03 19:00:13
I didn't say that. Somebody else must have and you're confusing me with them. I'm a Bitcoin die hard. 
Edit: just to clarify, I've never before said nobody uses Bitcoin anymore. However, I have noticed and am not afraid to comment on the fact that off-bitcoin-blockchain (be it via side chains alt chains or simply no chain) growth seems to be far greater than what can be observed by looking at activity on the main chain. I see a lot more energy in Ethereum, Maidsafe, than in Bitcoin proper. 
Hell, Blockstream themselves are focused primarily on a side-chain network and are only contributing to Bitcoin features that will be required by that network. 
@_date: 2015-09-13 04:38:02
The real debate is already over. There will be bigger blocks. The only question remaining is how much bigger they will be. That's just details. 
I realize there is still some dispute over whether Bitcoin will be a settlement or payment network. I think that's just a matter of waiting until we have reached critical mass and we see how the world really wants to use Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-10-07 14:31:56
Volume on individual exchanges may fall while total volume across all exchanges grows. More exchanges are coming online all the time, and there's a lot more OTC options available. 
@_date: 2016-10-06 21:28:43
You might want to consider a Crypto Capital ( account to add a layer between your bank and Kraken. CC is a licensed fiat-only financial institution (think PayPal or Neteller) that is friendly to all crypto-currencies and exchanges.
Full disclosure: I am not directly employed by but have a close affiliation with Crypto Capital, and as such I have a positive bias. Take my recommendation with a grain of salt and do your own due diligence. I was not asked by anyone at Crypto Capital to make this recommendation. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 14:15:58
Was predicted years ago. Solutions have been actively debated for the last year or two. Multiple solutions are in the works, some that make more efficient use of the existing capacity, others that increase capacity, and others that move activity to a second layer that will reduce the need for more capacity. 
It has gotten very political though, which is unfortunate, with certain key groups actively working to undermine the efforts of other groups..
@_date: 2016-10-03 18:58:46
It doesn't directly show cause. But there is a strong correlation between this graph and the growth of Bitcoin as measured by market cap, and the comparative growth of the rest of the crypto-finance ecosystem.  
@_date: 2015-09-22 13:45:44
You mean those things nobody is using because they're still in the proof of concept stages and which have yet to demonstrate any measurable utility, durability, or security?
@_date: 2015-09-26 20:20:50
There is clearly no consensus yet in any direction except that there must be an increase. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 13:48:10
There is so much activity happening in Bitcoin that the current limits on activity are preventing further growth. 
@_date: 2015-11-01 18:36:52
Ahhh. Hipsters. Well that explains why I don't understand it. I don't really understand hipsters either. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 23:01:37
No I'm not.  I know who you replied to.. But was just seconding the OP's opinion.. He never said anything about converting from fiat-&gt;btc-&gt;fiat.. He said once you're using BTC, converting between paper currencies is rediculous (which it is).. You were the one who implied it was necessary to convert fiat-&gt;btc-&gt;fiat, and implied when travelling by specifically referencing Local Bitcoin, thus taking the discussion back to the OP's post, not deadalnix's. I was responding to your implication, and your overall sentiment that Bitcoin doesn't solve these problems.
You might be incapable of linking two separate thoughts together into one complete argument, but I'm not.
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:23:34
Everyone is commenting about whether or not it could happen. For a moment I'd like to talk about what it would look like if it DID happen.
I don't really know enough about SWIFT to speak intelligently, but as I understand it, SWIFT is just an organization that runs a messaging network specifically designed to pass financial transactions between the roughly 10,000 member banks. But the network itself only exists because the members need it for their messaging. Presumably, the Bitcoin blockchain would replace that network at some point in the future. What would SWIFT's role then become? Someone mentioned in an earlier comment that SWIFT should take the same route as IBM did with Linux and act as a sponsor to Bitcoin, by providing development resources. This makes sense to me, and it would be a very logical course to follow. It wouldn't require a lot of changes to the SWIFT organization, and they could continue providing all of the derivative services they've been providing, such as education, support, etc. Also, by using the Bitcoin blockchain, this means that anyone can participate on it, and no government can block access to it. Banks are not patriotic. They only care about money. If they had a neutral network that could not be manipulated and which gives them the ability to communicate with any bank anywhere in the world, they'd use it. Since SWIFT itself is subject to government pressures, that makes the SWIFT network less valuable. SWIFT can stay relevant by separating itself from the network, and instead helping member banks to transition onto and use the blockchain. Right now, every account at a SWIFT member bank has a unique SWIFT code which maps to the account number. Routing of international transfers is made simple using these SWIFT codes. In SWIFT 2.0 (ie. Bitcoin), the current SWIFT code system could be replaced by a Bitcoin address (or perhaps an xpub string representing an BIP32 wallet) which maps to the account.
So if the Bitcoin blockchain replaces SWIFT's existing network. What does that mean for bitcoin (the currency)? Right now, currency exchanges happen through Forex, which is in itself a decentralized currency exchange. There's no reason that couldn't continue to happen, even on the Bitcoin blockchain. By using colored coins (and I'm not specifically referring to the coloredcoins.org implementation, but rather what that represents), Forex participants could issue digital tokens representing their fiat assets (for example wellsfargoUSD and mellatIRR) and trade currencies directly over the blockchain without buying BTC itself, or at least without buying much BTC. Settlement would still be a concern. Or, rather than dealing with colored coins and the hassle of fiat settlement (which allows for political manipulation), banks could instead trade into and out of a neutral, unmanipulable, reserve currency... BTC perhaps? Rather than trading between international currencies, every country would have an exchange rate between its currency and BTC, and then use the Bitcoin blockchain to move customer funds internationally from fiat-&gt;BTC-&gt;fiat. If a USD bank's customer want's to transfer funds to a IRR bank's customer, he could instruct his bank to send that USD to the bitcoin address of the recipient's account. The USD bank would convert the USD (minus the bank's send fee) to BTC at the USDBTC ask price, and send the BTC to the address of the recipient's account. The receiving bank, seeing the BTC come in, would convert it to IRR at the IRRBTC bid price, and credit the recipient's account (minus the bank's receive fee). This could be a completely automated process, that occurs within a few minutes (confirmations are still important in this scenario). 
Remember that banks are not patriots, but government's could still require banks to collect AML information and block transfers. That said, there would be so many ways around this that they couldn't really prevent someone from moving money anywhere in the world he wants. An individual who is truly trying to circumvent AML laws could simply initiate a transfer from his USD account to a Bitcoin address that he controls. The bank's AML restrictions wouldn't prevent that (unless of course it operated in a country where laws prevented individuals from holding BTC), and then the individual could transfer the BTC on to the Bitcoin address of the recipient's account, perhaps through a mixer. Governments could put up a fuss and posture all they want, but if international banks decide to truly adopt Bitcoin as the next SWIFT (and it sounds like they're seriously considering it), that would almost certainly make BTC the next global reserve currency. Anyone serious about moving funds between non-friendly nations would be able to find a route to obtaining BTC, even if they had to hop between a few other currencies first.
@_date: 2016-10-03 18:54:06


You're kidding right? For $70m+ it wouldn't be very difficult at all to put together a team that can do the same quality of work as the Blockstream staff and have a far better PR department. The problem is not so much Blockstream's developers but rather it's leadership. GMax is an arrogant bully who can't handle competition or criticism. 


Several teams have put out functional competing solutions. They just haven't achieved consensus to activate because Blockstream actively works to prevent that from happening through backroom meetings with miners and by supporting (or at the very least not speaking out against) censorship in the major community discussion forums. 


Your opinion is largely based on the propaganda your camp feeds you. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:05:19
He's talking about situations where btc would be useful. Notably, if merchants in Belize accept Bitcoin he would not have the last step of getting out of BTC through localbitcoins and he would not have to worry about merchant fraud because he's purchasing physical goods. That's the use case. Its obviously not going to happen overnight, but it would be nice if it did. 
And don't bother responding Señor Buttcoiner. I won't allow you to troll me. I only replied so that others reading this post get the clarification they're due. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 06:02:15
Because the top mod picked a side, "fired" any mods with dissenting opinions and replaced them with mods who agree with him. FTFY
@_date: 2016-10-09 01:09:06
A + B + 12.5. I know it's hard. It's like getting the year right when you write the date in January. ��
@_date: 2016-10-04 07:03:37


Nope. Not by a long shot although measured in percentages its a hell a lot more than it was when I started dealing in BTC. About 5x. I remember when even 0.00005 btc (less than a penny at the time) was plenty for a standard tx. 
@_date: 2015-03-01 15:20:07
Speaking as an infrastructure architect, I'm clueless as to where you pulled that uptime statistic from. Bitcoin is a highly decentralized database with usually between hundreds and several thousand active and redundant full nodes. To say that the blockchain has only a 97% uptime would indicate that there were ZERO nodes operating for the other 3% of the time. If only one node is running and connected to the Internet, you could say that the network's redundancy is severely degraded, but you can't say it's down.
@_date: 2015-03-17 05:13:44
I think we have moved beyond merchants adopting Bitcoin thinking it will help sales.
If I'm right, they are adding Bitcoin as a supported payment most likely because a high-up executive has caught the BTC bug and believes it will eventually be the defacto method for ecommerce payments.  Whether or not he is correct is irrelevant. Since it costs nearly nothing to turn on, and risk is minimal if you use a service like Bitpay, there's really no reason NOT to accept it.
@_date: 2015-10-17 07:04:05
Am I just old or was that ummmmm....... "Interesting?"
I mean I've got teenage kids. But the music she listens to I can at least understand. This stuff was just odd. 
There's a genre of music that appeals to just about everyone out there.. But what type of individual listens to this and actually enjoys it?
Not trying to sound critical. Just curious. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 23:23:23
That's where you're wrong.. I don't have any other reddit accounts.. I just could give two shits about most of what goes on on reddit.. I only use reddit to discuss what I'm passionate about, ie. Bitcoin. In this case, I felt it important to come to the defense of two individuals who feel as passionately as I do about it, and correct the glaring mistakes in your logic so that Bitcoin novices don't get the wrong idea.
And I find it fascinating that over the last three posts, you've done nothing to refute any of my points, let alone defend your own.. If I were a troll like you I'd be thrilled that I had gotten you so annoyed that you stray from the discussion and begin making personal attacks.
I'm now guilty of the same, so I'll close this post and block you so I don't fall further into your snare.
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:29:41


@_date: 2015-10-17 01:34:05
Except the bubble was manufactured. That's why a lot of folks discount the $1200 ATH. It was all due to market manipulation. Absent that bot, there's no way the price would have gone that high.  
@_date: 2016-05-20 01:24:38
The problem is that merchants don't want to work with multiple payment processors. This complicates matters and increases their costs. And for most merchants, the ability to accept Bitcoin is not a big enough reason to change to a new payment processor, so until the processor they're using decides to start accepting Bitcoin, the merchants won't start accepting Bitcoin.
The payment processors aren't stupid though. They're working on ways to accept Bitcoin and painlessly pass that capability on to their merchants. A few of them (eg. Braintree and Stripe) have already figured it out, but box store merchants aren't usually using Braintree and Stripe, but rather whatever system their banks give them. And banks are REALLY going to drag their feet on accepting Bitcoin.
So what are us die-hard Bitcoiners going to do? We have to find ways to use our Bitcoin with these legacy merchants, until the merchants get caught up. So we're seeing two solutions. We have these Bitcoin debit cards that work on the old mag-strip terminals, and we have wallets like OneBit which function with the new NFC tap-to-pay terminals. And we have services like Bitwage that bridge the employer to employee fiat/BTC gap. 
When you combine these three services, it's possible for an individual to choose to live entirely on Bitcoin, even in a fiat dominated world. Little by little, our friends and families will see how easy it is for us to eliminate the banks from our lives and they will join us. And the more individuals start using Bitcoin, the more small businesses will start using it. And the more small businesses start using it, the more medium sized businesses will come on board.. And at a certain point, it'll just happen.
@_date: 2015-03-08 13:46:58
What really excites me about these is the language they choose. Instead of using defensive language such as "How can we defend against this threat", they actually sound very interested in adapting themselves to the new reality. It's almost as if all the smartest people at SWIFT have looked at Bitcoin and determined that it is indeed the future and they better get on board sooner rather than later if they want to remain relevant. 
@_date: 2015-03-17 15:17:14
In many cases you might be right. However in this case you may have noticed they already support quite a few other non-typical payment methods, which means they are likely already doing a significant amount of training around payments. Their customer service agents probably follow a script or have a knowledge base with support documentation. Updating the script and/or knowledge base to include Bitcoin is a one time activity. The amount of additional training required to add a single payment method is probably trivial. 
And this doesn't change the point of my statement which was that it was likely not a decision motivated by a desire to increase sales, but rather an edict from upper management. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 21:37:30
TL;DR - SWIFT can stay relevant by dumping SWIFTnet, sponsoring Bitcoin development (as IBM does Linux), and helping member banks adopt the politically neutral and non-manipulable Bitcoin blockchain. If it does, BTC would quickly become the new global reserve currency.
@_date: 2015-10-07 15:18:45
I don't get it. Is he concerned for our privacy rights or pleased to comply with the legalized violation of those rights? 
This entire statement sounded forced. You can almost hear the hidden anger in his tone as he spews the pro-government propaganda. He must be planning a long career in politics and doesn't want to speak ill of his handlers. 
@_date: 2015-03-17 16:59:45


Acknowledging that Bitcoin is an asset and liking it are two separate things. The US government acknowledges gold as an asset but once upon a time actually banned private ownership of it. 
@_date: 2016-05-20 01:35:21
I think it's just the opposite. It's not detrimental to Bitcoin's long term viability. On the contrary, it's making Bitcoin EASIER to use, and thus more attractive.
One of the biggest problems holding Bitcoin back is that it's hard to use. Too few merchants accept it. If I can't spend it, why should I hodl any more than just an investment amount? 
On the other hand, if I can literally spend my Bitcoin ANYWHERE, and I can move into BTC (through services like Bitwage) as quickly as I can spend it, why wouldn't I just use Bitcoin for 100% of my finances and eliminate any remaining need for a bank account?
BTW, I'm paid 100% directly in BTC from my employer, so I don't need the Bitwage step, but it seems like a great service for those who aren't as fortunate. 
@_date: 2015-03-10 05:27:09
No. I would not suggest that we stoop down to the level of the buttcoiner. But since we can't stop them from posting stupid comments in I was suggesting that rather than ignore them or tell them to shut up and go away, we use them as an example of misinformed arguments against Bitcoin and provide the correct information as a response, so new users who come along and have questions stemming from misinformation or misunderstanding, they don't have to look far to find the correct answers. 
@_date: 2015-03-17 16:28:29
In the mind of government, cash is a necessary evil. It was created before technology gave us a way to exchange value without it. Its use spread throughout society. So governments must continue to issue it and banks must continue to accept it. 
But because its use cannot be easily tracked or controlled, it is a problem for oppressive governments. They respond by limiting the amount of cash they print, by limiting the sizes of the bills, and by placing huge regulatory burdens on the banks and other financial institutions which creates a high cost of compliance. Thus banks don't like cash either.
And so now we have Bitcoin. Cash 3.0. Not issued by a government, so immune to their efforts to control it, and resistant to their efforts to track it. Governments won't like it, so they will put an even heavier regulatory burden on anyone that might want to use it. They've already got their hooks deep into the banks, so that's the first place to start. Compliance costs will escalate. So banks, who already dislike cash, but are still highly beholden unto the fiat institution, like Bitcoin even less. 
Lucky for us Bitcoin eliminates the need for banks. But it's still vulnerable at the points of exchange to fiat. We can only hope that some day those exchanges will become unnecessary and that Bitcoin can become a complete economy on its own.
Edit: Bitcoin should be cash 3.0. Precious metal coins were cash 1.0. Paper money is cash 2.0.  
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:46:35
If you're offering 5% off your regular prices for using Bitcoin, that's great! You're already making it cheaper for the user, because the spread between Circle and Bitpay is usually going to be far less than 5%.
However, if a user does the math and sees that the discount is actually less than 5% due to the spread, you're in trouble. Your best bet is to "hide" the discount. Don't say that it's a 5% discount, say it's 2% - 5% cheaper than the regular price*. And in the small print explain why the discount is variable.  
Also, display the full price on your register (so $49.95), but when you call the Bitpay API, build in a 5% discount and display the BTC denominated price rather than the USD denominated price. When the customer scans the QR code and their Circle Wallet says they're sending only $48.25, they psychologically think they got a great deal! It doesn't matter if another wallet might have said $46.85 or that Bitpay is going to pay you $47.45. It's still cheaper than the $49.95 they would have paid with a credit card, so they're happy.
@_date: 2015-10-13 15:34:21
I wish it could, but it really can't. If Bitcoin was ubiquitous, then yes. But its not. 
Even if all cannabis retailers only accepted Bitcoin, and put a Bitcoin ATM in or near the store, you'd have a problem with the BTM filling up with cash on a regular basis. And then where does the BTM operator send all that cash? Banks don't want Bitcoin cash any more than they want Cannabis cash.
The real issue is that banks just don't want ANY cash in any large amounts. It doesn't matter where it came from or how legal it is. It's a regulatory reporting nightmare for them and so they don't want it.  
@_date: 2015-10-01 19:52:01
Fact. Thermos controls Fact. Thermos is a blockstream fanboy. Hypothesis, blockstream bought thermos and controls through thermos. 
Fact. Ver controls Hypothesis, Ver bought There is a difference between hypotheses and fiction. A hypothesis may be proven true or false through experimentation and verification. Fiction was never meant to be considered true. 
@_date: 2015-10-17 09:08:31
Actually, I gave it a second listen to on a system that can actually handle the full frequency range and it was more or less decent. Still a little weird, but if you take away the vocals the rest is pretty normal and relatively mainstream.
@_date: 2015-03-10 05:30:19
Damn. I forgot sarcasm doesn't work on the internet. ;) I didn't mean we should literally thank them. Just that we should be taking advantage of the crap they spew and turn it into a teaching opportunity for novices. 
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:11:02
There was never any intention for Bitcoin full nodes to be kept small enough to run on PCs at home. That's not and never has been a realistic expectation. 
What are concerning however are the highly centralized corporate mines. While its extremely easy for a business to operate a full node (even with large blocks), its not so easy for that same business to compete against the megamines. Those businesses that are running full nodes for some reason aren't mining with them. This is not ideal. They should be at the very least participating in P2Pool with a few hundred Gigahashes.
But I'm not worried. IF some government entity tries to nuke or capture a megamine, it will be obvious and any independent miners that are mining through a megamine pool will see the writing on the wall and start P2Pool mining. Corps that depend on the security provided by the miners will follow suit and start mining through p2pools as well. The pendulum will swing in the opposite direction and before you know it, market forces will have once again worked out the imbalances.
@_date: 2015-03-09 21:32:02
Ok, so I'm responding, but not because I have been successfully trolled.. On the contrary, I have come to the realization that trolls will frequently raise questions about Bitcoin which a new user might need clarified. The troll is ALMOST ALWAYS wrong due to undeveloped reasoning skills and simple bad intent, but there are lots of new users who are guilty of the same faulty reasoning, but who have good intentions.  I respond for them, not you. That out of the way... 
described the problems he saw when travelling in Belize; problems such as a lack of banks and ATMs, and high fees for travelers at those that exist; problems such as merchants who do not have change for large bills; problems such as high exchange rates for using a credit card from a foreign country; problems such as having to change the local currency back to your own when the trip is over (or just leaving it as it is and having it lose all practical value once you return home).  All of these are problems commonly experienced by the traveler.  All of these are problems that Bitcoin CAN solve if it gains wide adoption. 
Bitcoin is a global currency. In a (admittedly still hypothetical) future where Bitcoin is in common use around the world, banks and ATMs will be unnecessary, and the fees they charge will disappear; merchants will not have to keep change in the change drawers, as every transaction will be in exact change; there will be no high exchange rates charged by credit card companies (presumably in a future where Bitcoin is in common use, all prices would be denominated in Bitcoin); and there would be no need to exchange back to a local currency after returning home, since we would all use the same currency, so there would be no wasted money left over after a trip.
Like I said, this is still a hypothetical future, but I believe it is the future the OP would like to see based on his experience travelling in Belize. As a foreigner living in a 3rd world country myself, I feel much of his pains, as I see the same issues every day. That's one of the reasons I'm so excited about Bitcoin and hoping for the day I can use it here. I don't pretend to believe it's going to happen tomorrow or even that it's guaranteed to happen at all, but there's nothing wrong with hoping for it and working to make it happen. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 14:02:30


I do about 5-10 transactions a day through a multi-sig wallet configured to calculate and use a fee to ensure inclusion in the first 1-3 blocks. 
I don't pay much attention to the fee because it doesn't yet impact my bottom line, but I just went and did a sampling of the last dozen or so transactions and my average fee was about $0.15, triple the 5 cents you claim. 
Could you please back that $0.05 claim up with some evidence?
@_date: 2016-10-01 08:09:01
Bitcoin is used by many many penetrated women. We have Backpage to thank for that. 
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:46:32
If you're offering 5% off your regular prices for using Bitcoin, that's great! You're already making it cheaper for the user, because the spread between Circle and Bitpay is usually going to be far less than 5%.
However, if a user does the math and sees that the discount is actually less than 5% due to the spread, you're in trouble. Your best bet is to "hide" the discount. Don't say that it's a 5% discount, say it's 2% - 5% cheaper than the regular price*. And in the small print explain why the discount is variable.  
Also, display the full price on your register (so $49.95), but when you call the Bitpay API, build in a 5% discount and display the BTC denominated price rather than the USD denominated price. When the customer scans the QR code and their Circle Wallet says they're sending only $48.25, they psychologically think they got a great deal! It doesn't matter if another wallet might have said $46.85 or that Bitpay is going to pay you $47.45. It's still cheaper than the $49.95 they would have paid with a credit card, so they're happy.
@_date: 2015-10-01 18:16:15
The real thing being that has gone to shit and people are leaving?
And the non-real things being the obviously unprovable hypotheses that Roger Ver and or Blickstream paid for control of and respectively? 
@_date: 2015-03-17 17:07:58
As I said. Exchange points are still a point at which the government has power. But most significant holders of BTC keep it far away from exchanges.
And protocols like CoinJoin show great promise at making Bitcoin transactions more anonymous. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 21:03:59
Seems like an awful lot of effort and not very scalable. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:56:37
Side-chain or off-blockchain loans would have little to no value in the Bitcoin world. They'd be considered effectively a fiat loan. They're also not spendable so the loan recipient would not be able to use it to make a purchase unless the seller was willing to trust the loan issuer and essentially absorb 100% of the risk. I don't see any rational person doing that. 
@_date: 2015-02-28 18:45:55
I'm helping a friend set up a guesthouse. We plan to accept Bitcoin. When I mentioned this to the guests we had here at the time, half of them already knew what Bitcoin was. None of them had any, but they at least knew about it. 
My point is that hostels are typically going to be populated by young, frequently tech savvy, often times anarchist or libertarian minded, globally aware individuals, who may need the occasional remittance from Mom and Dad. Just the type of demographic Bitcoin should be popular with. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 14:11:37
Is it possible your backup copy was compromised?
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:07:50


The debate over Satoshi's intent around whether addresses should be used only once is akin to the eternal debate among constitutional historians as to what the founders' intents were when drafting the US constitution. Satoshi clearly states in his whitepaper that in order to provide an additional layer of privacy, Bitcoin addresses should only be used once. But whether that suggestion does or does not indicate that he intended for them to be used only once is unclear. Satoshi himself re-used addresses, starting as early as the address he first used in Block 9. There are also many legitimate use cases for address re-use when privacy is not a concern. 
The most common of course is the donation address. While it's entirely possible for an organization to generate a new address for each donation, this could create an unnecessary hurdle to adoption. A single vanity address which can be included on business cards, letterhead, email signatures, social web profiles, etc, is far more effective, and certainly much easier to create than a web-only donation page which generates a new address for each donation. Imagine how hard it would be for all these college kids showing up on TV with QR codes on a sign to get free bitcoin if they had to generate a new code for every person that wanted to send them bitcoin? Do you create a new email address for every email you want to receive?
You may have noticed that a good chunk of the businesses in CNN's recent Inside Man show were using static addresses as well, and transactions were verified just by watching the blockchain.info page for that address. Sure, these shops could have developed a POS add-on that generated a new address for each transaction, or integrated with BitPay or Coinbase, but if all they want to do is keep Bitcoin payments as Bitcoin, and they don't need to cash it out right away to fiat, and aren't worried about privacy, why go through that added hassle?
If you ask me, any time you are generating an address that you intend to associate with your identity publicly, then a single key/address pair is far superior to an HD chain. I'd go so far as to say that the fewer addresses that are publicly associated with me, the better. I'd prefer any income and expenses I don't mind being public all go through a single address. In this surveillance state we're in, most of the businesses I transact with are going to be compromised anyway. It doesn't matter if my employer has one address for me or 52 over the course of a year, they're all going to be on file and available to the authorities or any hacker. Ditto with any eCommerce site or Bitcoin exchange I use. I can use enhanced privacy techniques like an HD Vault to protect my savings and any other money I don't want people to find out about, and as long as I have enough transactions going through the public wallet, I can move money from it into new wallets in the HD Vault periodically without it being noticed.
But once again, I say that it doesn't matter whether address re-use is or is not a good idea. An address/key pair is the element in Bitcoin which most closely fits the wallet analogy, at least in the minds of those without intimate knowledge of Bitcoin's inner workings, and it is vitally important that the terminology we choose should make sense to the common man. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:18:21
With all due respect, if you've been reading version numbers as a decimal number (where 0.9 &gt; 0.10), you've been doing it wrong. 
As indicated above, you should treat the pieces as separate parts, with the dot as a separator. In which case 10 &gt; 9. This is why it's mathematically incorrect to have a number such as 1.2.3, but perfectly legitimate when versioning software.  It's also why it's not only unnecessary but also incorrect to use 0.09 as a version number. You would not call Windows 8 for example Windows 08.
@_date: 2015-02-14 02:36:59
However it is highly impractical to do business in any volume using only paper money. Just ask any legal pot dispensary. They are forced to deal in cash and have a serious problem storing it. Banks and credit card companies will not work with them. 
The government doesn't help when, in order to discourage the use of paper money for large transactions (this making them untraceable and difficult to tax) they print nothing larger than $100 bills. 
Bitcoin solves this problem. It's easy to store and use any quantity. No banks required. 
@_date: 2015-10-17 20:02:27
I've always considered ponzi schemes to be in a moral grey area. Most people don't even try to hide the fact that it's a ponzi scheme any more, and those that do don't do a very good job at it. Combine that with wikipedia and a thousand other ways to report ponzi schemes and there's no way anyone doing even the least possible due diligence wouldn't know what they were getting into. So you've got to be either a gambler or a complete idiot to invest in one. If you're one of the eventual losers you've got nobody to blame but yourself. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:47:02
Everything you have said is true. However, imagine a world in which you can instantly accept payments from your customers with near zero risk of consumer fraud, and zero or near zero fees.
Now imagine that you have almost immediate access to the funds you receive, with a settlement period measured in minutes and not days or weeks. Imagine you can turn around and order new supplies and pay your suppliers and employees with the same speed and simplicity. 
Imagine that you can even automate these payments and integrate them with your inventory and time tracking systems so employees are paid instantly after they clock out for the day and fresh supplies show up daily with no effort on your part.
Finally, imagine that your profits and savings actually go up in value over time thanks to the deflationary nature of the money you're using. 
Sounds good right? This is the world Bitcoin is working to bring us. Much of it is already possible today. The rest will come with time and increased adoption. 
And oh, by the way, none of this requires you to use any bank or payment processor or payroll service. It wouldn't require anything more than upgrades to your computer software.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:01:42
I think the etymologists out there could have a field day with this argument. I'm not one, but I love words and the way we use them to describe new concepts. I think the term "wallet" best describes the private key + public address pairing, and should not be used in any other way. Here's why...
Since ancient greece, a wallet has been used by individuals as a portable way to store provisions. Something you put things into for carrying around with you and something you take things out of when you want to use them. Once we started applying this description to paper money, the word began to mean something you put cash into and take cash out of that you can carry around with you. This is the common definition of the word.
As applied to Bitcoin as a form of money, the wallet should be what you put bitcoin into and spend bitcoin out of. The only element of Bitcoin that closely fits this definition is the private key + public address pair. You put bitcoin into the wallet by sending it to the public address. You spend bitcoin out of the wallet by generating a transaction and signing it using the private key.
The leather wallet you keep your cash in, on its own, is not very secure. Anyone can pick your pocket and take your money. Likewise, a Bitcoin wallet (or key/address pair) is not particularly secure. If someone learns the key, they can take your money. Storing that key on a piece of paper (a Paper Wallet), and keeping that paper wallet on your person makes it safer than storing it on a computer, but not much. Unlike a leather wallet for storing cash, we have found ways to better protect our Bitcoin wallets. We can use BIP38 to password protect the private key, for example, and we can print the password protected key on paper, making it a BIP38 Encrypted Paper Wallet. But it's still a Paper Wallet.
It is no longer considered best practice to use just a single wallet (paper or otherwise) for all of your Bitcoin transactions. Doing so reduces your privacy, and potentially the security protecting your hard earned bitcoin. If the serial number of every dollar bill that entered and exited your leather wallet were similarly tracked and entered into a public ledger, it would be very easy to associate a leather wallet with an individual and know how much money he has, and using that wallet would be inadvisable. That doesn't make his wallet any less a wallet. Neither does the fact that re-using a Bitcoin wallet is bad practice.
So we've established that a wallet is a key/address pair, and that a paper wallet is just a this pair printed out on paper. What then do we call the apps that run on our phones and computers that contain multiple wallets? And what do we call the Hierarchical Deterministic chains of wallets? Or the backups of the mnemonic seeds used to generate these chains? This is far more complicated, since there is no easily identified analog in the fiat world.
You could perhaps refer to the apps that contain your wallets as a Bitcoin Locker, or perhaps a Bitcoin Vault. The mnemonic seeds are just that, seeds. If you had magical seeds that grew into a giant beanstalk which led to a castle filled with gold, you'd want to keep those seeds safe, obviously. But the seeds themselves do not store the gold, and so should not be called a wallet. Nor should whatever method you're using to keep the seeds safe. You might call it a Seed Wallet, or a Seed Store (to avoid confusion), or even a Granary, but it's not a Bitcoin Wallet.
So I'm no authority figure within the Bitcoin space. I'm just tossing out some suggestions on what analogies might better fit the technology. I leave it to the community to make the final decision, but I implore everyone with a voice to make sure the terms you choose are appropriate, and easy enough for the non-technical users to comprehend. "Paper ECDSA Private Key", while technically accurate, does not make it easy for non-cryptographers to understand what that is. Luke-Jr should be ashamed.
TLDR; Private Key + Public Address = Wallet. Private Key + Public Address Printed on Paper = Paper Wallet. Bitcoin Software != Wallet. Mnemonic Seed != Wallet. Plus some suggestions for alternative terminology.
@_date: 2015-02-07 10:58:28
That's not to say that there won't be loans in the world of Bitcoin. But the "banks" who are loaning out their Bitcoin will have to be very careful about who they loan it to. There will be no "Low credit? No credit? It's OK!" loans, like the ones that got the banks in so much trouble last time. In the world of Bitcoin, if a debtor defaults, the creditor will feel the pain. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:46:18


This is another possible definition of what a wallet should be. In layman's terms, you would say that a wallet keeps track of all the money you have available to spend. You can add money to it, and you can take money out of it, but it only holds what you have available. The problem is, when explaining this to a new user, it doesn't account for describing what an address is for and why a wallet might have more than one address associated with it. It is far easier to associate the term wallet with a single address, and compare the software that holds the wallet to some larger container, such as a vault or locker. 
As a Bitcoin broker, I'm frequently in a position of having to explain to new, and highly un-technical users just how Bitcoin works, in simple analogies that they can understand. By the time most of them get to me, they have seen a Bitcoin address. Few of them have gotten as far as installing a wallet app. I'm always careful to distinguish between a wallet and app, so as not to confuse them any more than they already are, but the way you describe a wallet actually does the opposite and blurs that distinction.
@_date: 2015-02-07 10:48:30
No, you can't loan Bitcoin as easily as you can loan dollars. This is because there is no limit to how many dollars a bank can loan out. 
A bank can continue making loan after loan after loan. At the end of the day, it needs to balance its books, so when it has loaned more than it has, it just gets its own loan from a larger bank. When that bank needs to balance it's books, it gets a loan from father up the chain. At the top of the chain is the Central Bank which has the power to create unlimited amounts of money and make unlimited amounts of loans. 
On the other hand, it's impossible to loan out Bitcoin you don't actually have. Yes, you could take a Bitcoin loan from a larger institution, and then loan some portion of that out, but that Bitcoin must come from someone. The difference is, there is nobody who has the power to create more Bitcoin out of thin air. Yes, for the next 100 years or so, Bitcoin will continue being mined, but there are mathematical limits to the rate at which they are mined, and mined Bitcoins are spread around to the miners, not given to a central bank. 
Loaning Bitcoin is more akin to loaning a car than to loaning dollars. When I loan you my car, you better give it back, because I don't have another car to loan out. If you don't give it back, nobody is going to come along and pat me on the shoulder and tell me: "It's OK. Here have another car. In fact, have three. Complements of your dear Uncle Sam."
@_date: 2015-02-16 17:10:18
Prepaid Visa cards still require access to visa's network. During sanctions, visa and MasterCard and the like are required to block access to their network. So prepaid cards would be just as useless as regular cards. 
@_date: 2015-03-08 01:25:14
It's interesting you say this. I've talked to a lot of smart people about Bitcoin and not one person has EVER complained about it being unfair. Fairness seems to me to be one of those concerns common among individuals with wealth envy. The "why should he get to be rich when I can't?" argument. I don't consider anyone who envies the wealth of another to be a "smart" person. 
In my experience, if there's any one thing that prevents smart people from getting in, it's the complexity involved in purchasing more than a few hundred dollars worth and the volatility once they've got it.
As an example, I have a friend who desperately wants to use Bitcoin as a way to move funds across borders (nothing illegal, he just values his privacy). But we have yet to find a solution through which he can do this reliably and economically. 
The barriers for entry are simply too high for now to make it attractive to people. 
Edit: too not to
@_date: 2015-02-16 17:38:13
Where would they obtain those cards and how would the fund them? The sanctions also included access to international wires. They could use Bitcoin to buy and fund prepaid credit cards however. But I understood your comment as an argument against Bitcoin, not for it. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 06:33:34
Installing good old fashioned exe files on Windows is the PC equivalent of side loading an apk. If Microsoft had an app store back in the day, it's quite reasonable to expect that it would have had a TOS agreement giving M$ the ability to arbitrarily reject or pull apps. Google may have pulled mycelium from the play store, but they still allow you to side load it or any other app. Apple certainly doesn't, and I believe Micro$oft don't either, allow side loading onto their mobile devices. That's a major point in Google's favor if you ask me.
@_date: 2015-02-11 06:42:06
Come to think of it, M$ has required app installers to be digitally signed since 2008. That's an early form of "allowing" some apps while rejecting others which predates even the Apple App Store. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 02:41:18
Oh, and try moving more than $10000 in paper money across international lines. It's possible, but don't get caught doing it. Or try sending $5000 cash via Western Union. Get ready to sign over your first born child. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 17:23:03
I'm interested in how the Iranian government perceives Bitcoin. On the one hand, it takes power out of the hands of the Iranian government and puts it in the hands of the people. I'm guessing they don't really want that. On the other hand, it gives them the ability to send a big FU to the nations placing sanctions on them, which I'm pretty sure they would love to be able to do. 
Of course the article mentions that cash and gold aren't really options when dealing in billions of dollars. Bitcoin isn't really an option there either because of its low market cap and lack of acceptance and liquidity. You can't just move a couple million dollars into and out of Bitcoin overnight without affecting the market. But perhaps some day. If the people of Iran and the merchants in Iran really get into Bitcoin and it becomes ubiquitous there and they are all willing to hold the btc and not convert it back to rial, it could start pushing the market cap up to a point where this is a more realistic idea.
Edit: fixing grammar and revised my final thought. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:05:35
Paper money is not decentralized money. Quite the opposite in fact, as all current forms of paper money are issued by central banks, and are wholly subject to the whims of the State or the banking elite. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 02:25:31
I have done payroll, and yes it is a pain in the butt. But to be clear I was describing a future when Bitcoin is ubiquitous and can be used for all types of payments including taxes, insurance, etc. Also a future in which the complete supply chain operates and denominates prices in Bitcoin. We're a very long way away from that but should we reach that point, Bitcoin will no longer be a speculative investment and it's deflationary nature will truly come to light. 
@_date: 2015-02-28 04:15:29
OK, now try this in a second language that you speak well but not natively. :) That's my other issue. I have to get very basic when explaining Bitcoin to non-technical non-english speakers. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 11:14:43
Bitcoin doesn't need to kill governments. The governments are killing themselves just fine. Bitcoin just gives us commoners a way to survive the inevitable collapse by creating a money and economy that everyone can use and participate in whether their local government is already in shambles or still fighting to stay in power. 
@_date: 2013-07-20 17:12:09
It's a standard "Public Records" quiz.  Multiple choice.  It will ask you which past addresses and phone numbers are yours.