@_author: ergonomicjones
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:46:36
HODL is true 90% of the time and is generally sound, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't be ready to restructure your portfolio to mitigate losses and risk if necessary. You said you struggle with keeping/growing money so I'd definitely suggest coming up with a financial plan with more defined goals and definitely understand your loss tolerance. HODL, but don't be afraid to dump a bad deal if its obvious. You're in a position where you can put that huge stack to work for you. I would also consider diversifying your overall portfolio and investing in some other financial products, in a good year an aggressive capital gains portfolio with your level of risk tolerance can net you 10% + a year. That's a million bucks a year of income. The good news however is that your fiat investment can be more than recovered, in fact it your $1.6m is worth $2.4m today, even at a price of 13,500. You wait a couple of days and you could get 25% more than that if the market recovers. You might perceive the optics differently if you pull out your original investment and were just playing with profits. You should certainly stay in crypto if you want, but with a more focused portfolio. You could even try an indexing strategy where your investment and invest in the top 10-15 proportional to market cap. You might not have the super highs and lows of winning and losing on the alt market, but your investment will grow significantly and be reasonably hedged against risk, at least as far as crypto goes. Dump the losers. I think a sound investor has to recognize a sunk cost and how to be willing to cut ties to bad investments. You can still be bullish on alt coins and excise coins from your portfolio that aren't helping further your goals or are clearly technologically/practically inferior. Not every coin on your list is a loser and I think some of them will make significant gains. Be willing to cut ties if you don't believe in the coin. Understanding the purpose of and the technology behind the coin also helps. Perhaps I'm inferring too much from your words, but ask yourself what you're in this game for. Very few people have $10m to spare to put in burgeoning and speculative sector, especially if that investment comprises most of your portfolio. And hmm, I just realized that this post was made 4 months ago. Wondering how you're doing today then chap.What did you end up doing??
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:39:47
noted, i missed the OG post