@_author: ericpashman
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:29:49
Sure, they can just leave paying transactions on the table if they want, but a simple analysis suggests they likely won't because that's not a stable equilibrium without a mechanism for collusion. See [my reply to i_wolf]( for details.
You're right that technical considerations mean there is probably a low, positive fee below which a miner really does not have an incentive to include a transaction in a block. But that low fee threshold has zero relation to an efficient allocation of resources for processing Bitcoin transactions, so I hope you're not trying to argue that it suffices for a well functioning market for transactions.
@_date: 2015-06-19 06:37:16
Indeed, Greece's problems are not monetary problems. They have a sound, well functioning currency: the euro.
The problem is that they don't have the money to make good on all the ill conceived promises they've made, and they can't conjure money out of thin air to get themselves out of the bind. The euro is *too sound* for Greece's blithe politics, and Bitcoin would be too.
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:14:17
For Russian readers, the story is here:  And here's a translation of the lede:
**Central Bank May Recognize Bitcoin**
*The fate of Bitcoin in Russia may be decided, in many respects, within the next week, at a meeting of the central bank with financial-market participants.*
According to information provided to Izvestia, in the next week the Central Bank will meet with representatives of the financial markets to decide the question of the use of Bitcoin, and of cryptocurrencies generally. As relates a source close to the Bank of Russia, the governor will very likely prove to be loyal enough to the cryptocurrency; the attitude of the central bank towards Bitcoin has changed over the course of the past year. The source indicates that the central bank may allow, and regulate, some Bitcoin activities, specifically the provision of transfers and payments to natural persons, and settlement among them. ...
@_date: 2015-06-19 07:14:51
I don't agree that it's "nothing like that"—I did offer the metaphor, and I think it's a good one in the sense I intended it—but in one respect, you're right: Bitcoin has no good analogues to emergent markets. That's because it's an artificial market governed by artificial incentives, and the incentives aren't well enough crafted to create an efficient market for transactions, at any security level.
And because the transaction market is broken, the security model is broken in the long run, too. We should really be trying to find incentives that lead to an efficient allocation of mining resources rather than bikeshedding about block sizes.
@_date: 2015-06-19 09:51:34
It would only help to the extent that Bitcoin might enable Greeks more effectively to avoid the obligations their government has imposed on them, whether by evading taxes (as ThomasVeil noted in his sibling comment) or by evading capital controls and the "haircuts" that would follow.
So, yes, using Bitcoin might help solve the problem de facto, by making plain that the Greek state has no ability to make good on its obligations. But that has actually been obvious throughout this crisis (and long before), mainly because Greece's public promises (e.g., on pensions) have always been economically absurd, but also in part because the country's use of the euro has already given Greeks the ability easily and cheaply to move their bank deposits to a bank in another country of the Eurozone while retaining convenient access to their funds.
@_date: 2015-06-16 10:09:09


Precisely. A fee market cannot function without a space constraint under the protocol's current rules. (This failure of incentives is due to the aggregation of transactions into blocks—a premature technological optimization that creates perverse incentives—not an intrinsic feature of a Bitcoin-like transaction model.)


The *marginal* cost of including another transaction in a block is zero so long as there is space available (i.e., so long as you aren't forced to exclude some transaction with a positive fee in order to fit a higher-paying transaction into the block you're hashing). That means that without a mechanism for enforcing higher fees, miners will include every known transaction with a positive fee into the block they're working on, which in turn allows users to originate transactions with arbitrarily low fees.
But an artificial cap on the block size gives miners a way to enforce higher transaction fees. It's equivalent to a means of colluding among themselves to enforce higher transaction fees. But don't blame the miners—Bitcoin's transaction model simply cannot support a functioning fee market without an artificial limit on block sizes.
All of the bikeshedding about technical factors, almost all of which are plainly inconsequential, is simply obscuritantism. Miners know full well that this debate is about economics.
@_date: 2015-06-12 03:40:32
You buy and sell at the best bid and best ask on a third-party Bitcoin exchange, but give your customers the mid-price? So you're losing money on every transaction?
@_date: 2015-06-16 11:16:11
Are you even reading what I'm writing? Do you understand the concept of *marginal* cost? Yes? Then tell me, how much does it cost a miner to add a transaction to the transaction set he's trying to hash into a block? Got it? Now, what fee do I need to attach to a transaction to get a miner to hash it into a block when there's no limit on the block size?
I'm happy to explain if what I've written is unclear. And I understand that the level discourse here rarely reaches above Sesame Street-level economics. But please don't just repeat nonsense over and over.
@_date: 2015-06-25 06:08:58
It's a reasonable argument, and one that leads to the conclusion that Bitcoin is a uniquely static technology, some dead thing impervious to natural innovation and necessary improvements.
If hard forks are impossible, then Bitcoin is dead. But as we all know, hard forks are not impossible: they are inevitable. Go ahead, bicker about whether to call a rose a rose. I admit, it's a good distraction from the substance of the debate.
@_date: 2015-06-19 08:01:55
Home miners will never again be profitable. A slew of economic realities have led to specialization and centralization in mining, chiefly the availability of localized cheap electricity and a protocol that rewards bigger blocs of hashing power with less variable mining returns.
If you're expecting block-size limits to overcome those dynamics, you're on a fool's errand.
@_date: 2015-06-19 09:57:04
That problem is already pretty well solved. Greeks can easily open accounts at a bank in another country of the Eurozone, and they don't need to change their money into another currency to do it.
@_date: 2015-06-19 06:05:46
You might as well argue that we should outlaw the use of trucks to deliver parcels, requiring that everybody in the delivery business carry each parcel to its destination on foot. Because, after all, not everybody has a truck.
In other words, why should we give a damn about lowering the profits of miners who can't be bothered to make the most basic investments needed to compete in the market for processing transactions? It's one thing to argue that bigger or smaller blocks make for a better Bitcoin ecosystem (in whatever sense) and quite another to argue that we should avoid making changes to the protocol in order to shelter the least sophisticated miners from competition
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:32:08


Except where bandwidth considerations dominate, miners have an incentive to mine every transaction with a positive transaction fee.
This dynamic means that miners need to collude to prevent transaction fees from falling to near zero, since the marginal cost of including a transaction in a block is negligible, so long as there is space available. A binding limit on the size of blocks is a mechanism equivalent to a means of collusion among miners, by which they can enforce a minimum transaction fee.
Unfortunately the incentives on offer in today's protocol don't allow for a well functioning fee market without a cap on the block size.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:09:54
I suggest you read up on the concept of marginal cost. All of the costs you mention are fixed.
You're a miner. You've already bought your mining hardware, set it up in Inner Mongolia, and bribed the local power officials to supply you with coal-fired electricity at $0.03/kWh. You flip the switch on your hardware, and it connects to the Bitcoin network. Some friendly neighboring nodes notify you of several transactions that haven't yet been incorporated into a block. They offer fees of 100 satoshis each.
"Hmm," you think to yourself, "my costs amortized over my expected number of transaction-blocks mined imply that I need average fees of 1,000 satoshis per transaction, after block rewards, to break even. These cheapskates are going to put me out of business!"
Choose one:




Model it as a strategic game and the payoffs make clear that it's a variant of the prisoner's dilemma played among miners.  The only strong Nash equilibrium is (b), and to get to (a) in repeated games, you need a mechanism for miners to collude among themselves in order to enforce a floor on fees. That's what a block-size limit gets you.
As I mentioned in my initial post, these bad incentives ultimately trace back to to the optimization of aggregating transactions into blocks. If Bitcoin were set up to require miners to allocate hashing power to each transaction in order to incorporate it into the blockchain—well, the transaction chain—and collect its fee, then miners' equilibrium behavior would basically be to run an auction, with more lucrative transactions attracting more hashing power. Low-fee transactions would attract too little hashing power to be likely to get incorporated into the transaction chain, and we'd have a working fee-based market for transactions.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:10:53
Nice work! Is there a way to expose an RPC server so that you can query Bitcoin Core? That would make it a nice device for developers. ...
Any plans to open-source the software setup so anybody can take a crack at building one?
@_date: 2015-01-19 06:48:54
The key word is "notes". The regional Federal Reserve banks are required by law to pay for the paper money they receive from the mint by purchasing an equivalent value of bonds or gold certificates from the treasury.
That requirement means that neither the treasury nor the regional Fed branches can change the money supply. But the Fed's board of governors in DC does have that power. When it wants to create money, the board of governors merely tells its IT people to increase its own balance in the bank's database of accounts. (Instead of calling it "fiat money", we might as well call it "UPDATE money" these days, after the SQL statement.)
Then the board of governors transfers its new money to the New York Fed, where the markets team uses it to buy bonds from commercial banks. The end result is that the commercial banking sector has more money than it did before.
@_date: 2015-07-23 07:00:47
We all do turn on our own lights and flush our own toilets. There's no reason that using Bitcoin, even with a self-hosted wallet, need require much specialized knowledge, just as one needn't be an electrician to use an electric light or a plumber to use a toilet.
For that to happen, we just need capable people to build tools that make Bitcoin easier to use. And that's what they're doing.
@_date: 2015-07-15 06:50:48
There's not much to see here. Putin's comments were not at all supportive of Bitcoin's use in Russia. Someone asked him about electronic payments and electronic money at a conference of young IT types, and here's how the exchange went [see footnote]:








[Footnote] — If you speak Russian, you can read the transcript here:  Search for this phrase for the beginning of the dialogue: Меня зовут Михаил, я из Пензы.
