@_author: ericmanning
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:20:19


The dollar assets are also priced differently.
Commercial paper carries a higher risk and interest rate, but it is traded far more than base forms of currency.  Accountants determine its value based on expected rate of return and risk of default.
@_date: 2014-05-30 19:56:31


Okay, it just sounded like the real goal of the company was more about making workers the owners of the business, thereby eliminating wage-labor and giving the means of production to workers.  It's a [common strategy]( Market-Socialists believe will reconstruct Capitalism.  Throw in crowd-funding, and you've eliminated all the aspects of Capitalism that Socialists hate.
If that was the goal, it seems like Bitcoin was more of a distraction.


Except it does, if it somehow restricts the money supply.  In all honesty, I don't think Bitcoin can restrict the money supply, but its advocates seem to believe it will... I guess through regulation?
If you manage to restrict the money supply, then you will increase the real interest rate, thereby making investment more expensive.  As I explained, depreciation of 30% is like adding 30% interest rates to all debts.
It sort of defeats the idea of trying to increase saving.  Idle saving does nobody any good.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:44:59


Financial assets are property too.  They are the same thing.
I send you a payment and I sign it with my private key.  You can then verify the payment came from me, you can prove it to everyone else, you can take it to court and prove it was signed and only I could have made that transfer.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:53:32
That's a fair point.  I guess I was arguing to the view that we should eliminate the Fed.
In modern Finance, the Fed basically serves to limit lending in normal times.  Even in recessions, it is really just reducing its self-imposed lending requirements / fees.
If you are really just concerned about inflation, I feel many in the Bitcoin community should look to more modern Economic and Finance models and focus on regulations to restrict lending.
@_date: 2014-10-16 19:29:12


I agree volatility is a huge problem, but that is the price of Bitcoin relative to goods and services.  It really doesn't do much good if you could buy products in Bitcoin, as the prices will still fluctuate.
You really need some sort of Bitcoin-options hedging system.
@_date: 2014-05-30 18:34:44


What makes Bitcoin better than just developing a crowd-sourced worker-managed firm from regular money?  It sounds like a Marxist concept of a business, but I don't see why it needs Bitcoin to be implemented.


The problem is that Bitcoin-production depreciates.  If I took a loan in Bitcoin 3 months ago, I'd now owe 30% more than I borrowed!  It's like recreating the Great Depression.
@_date: 2014-05-30 17:40:54


That's pretty much all Economics does.  The really big models are based on data from instances like the Great Depression, where these laws are checked and rechecked.
If you want the defining work, see Milton Friedman's paper: "A Monetary History of the United States".
This is actually the difference between Austrians and mainstream Economics.  The Austrians refused to accept mathematical models or data while the rest of the field went heavily mathematical.
It's why someone as free-market oriented as Friedman had to ultimately conclude that the collapse in the money supply caused the Depression.  He showed the Central Banks were not doing enough to print more money so you had nobody investing and people suffering.
He disagreed with Keynes in where we should pay most attention.  Keynes showed mathematically that there wasn't enough demand in the economy to match existing productivity and focused on increasing consumption.  Friedman proved the money supply had collapsed and felt demand would correct itself if you had just stopped deflation and rescued the banks, or just printed a lot of money.
Modern economics accepts both views, but has micro-foundations (like behavioral or game models) to support Keynes macro conclusions.  We prefer to utilize Friedman's policies first because they are easier and aren't slowed by political delays in Government spending.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:31:55
I find it easier to understand modern monetary policy if you think like a banker.
Banks don't lend Reserves.  They aren't going to care about the "monetary base" when they decide to lend or not.  If you see a good investment, you simply create the money on your account and charge interest to cover the risk-premium.
You now have an outstanding deficit of the money you loaned, and you have an asset in the form of a loan.
(In the old days, you lent Reserves, but now we use intermediaries).
You then join with other banks and mix your loans together, so nobody is exposed to any single investment.  This reduces everyone's risk, and guarantees everyone a predictable rate of return.
This pool of funds is now shared together as the new monetary base.  When people make withdrawals or deposits, these are the funds they are using.
The money supply is created completely by the private sector, and is based only on the demand for loans and threshold for risk.  Banks work to determine the risk of any investment, and set the interest rate accordingly.
This pool of funds grows as lending increases, and falls as borrowers pay back loans.  It is created entirely by the private-sector and works in today's environment the same way it would in a Bitcoin environment.
The only difference is less friction on lending requirements or arbitrary inter-bank lending fees, which no longer exist in a Bitcoin world.
@_date: 2014-05-31 07:08:12


Okay, so you basically mean nobody will lend or borrow Bitcoins, so the supply will always be fixed directly to block-chains.
I'm guessing since adoption will make Bitcoin appreciate by 10% or more annually, it would make lending pointless?  Nobody would want to pay back Bitcoins that are worth so much more than they borrowed.
But people who want loans with more reasonable interest rates will just use other currencies for that, leaving Bitcoin free to appreciate.  Those currencies will continue to expand in supply.
I guess that works, but it sort of makes Bitcoin a typical fixed-asset investment.
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:32:02
Financial Assets ARE property.  Bitcoin is a financial asset.
Sure, there is a network of players that assess the "value" of that asset.  It's called supply and demand and is how pricing for everything works.
Your Bitcoin might fall in value if some exchange collapses or it might rise from a sudden demand for drugs.  It's a complex web, but that's how markets work.
@_date: 2014-05-31 01:10:55


Fair enough.  I don't think it's what we want though.
Employers actually like giving pay-raises to workers - especially if it costs them nothing, like inflation-based.  Statistically, wages are a "leading indicator" of inflation because they are among the first things to rise.
It doesn't work the other way, I agree.  Employees resist pay-cuts, even when deflation occurs.  But you want supply and demand to dictate the price.  If there is friction like this, then you increase unemployment.
It's basically why Economists believe unemployment rises during recessions and periods of deflation.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:20:00


Quite the opposite.  Transactions are digitally signed and audited in finance already.  The point is that Bitcoin doesn't offer anything new and the political / economic claims are based on that old "Austrian" view that is seriously outdated and rejected by mainstream Economics.
I was trying to point out that Monetary policy has long recognized that the private sector creates the money supply and Reserves itself, while that centralized Fed merely serves to mildly correct it it by applying brakes.
Back in the days of Marx, which the Austrian view was based on, it was thought that the Fed created the money supply and provided "gas" for the economy.  Now that role is served by private financial clearinghouses.
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:40:43
The financial incentive of accounts over cash is primarily interest, especially for the primary holders of the money supply.  Businesses and financial institutions don't hold cash because it doesn't pay interest and other businesses are lending / increasing the money supply.
The disadvantages of Bitcoin would likely make such institutions even less likely to want Bitcoin.  It is not reversible, they cannot control transparency, it is less efficient than internal direct transfers, etc. 
Even if there was some inexplicable demand for Bitcoin instead of accounts, the interest rates would rise until supply / demand was met.
Individuals are not a significant player on the money supply stage, except when receiving loans.  But of course, when a person wants a loan, they will be paying an institution and will receive M1 as they do today.
In the modern world, Reserves are M1 because banks and businesses agree this is safe for normal operations.  M1 is created by those institutions themselves when they make loans, so there are always enough Reserves available in the system to make as many loans as you need.
If I had a Trillion dollar idea, the financial system would still get me the money.  The banks would take my loan as an asset and create a liability by creating a M1 deposit check, which other banks would accept and split up into the Reserve system.  As I'd pay back the Trillion dollars, the Asset and Liability would decline and the money supply would shrink back.
@_date: 2014-05-31 02:38:00
Chicago does not advocate deflation in any way.  It believes the money supply should be expanded during recessions and grow with the size of the economy.
It blames the Great Depression on the gold supply and the refusal to print money.
The Austrians don't really believe the free-market is good with debt for some reason, but it really hasn't been a mainstream perspective for nearly a century now.
@_date: 2014-05-30 23:47:47


In other words, you cannot EVER get a loan for less than 3% interest, and only then if you were completely risk-free.  In today's terms, that would mean all companies with less than a 6% return will be unable to attract capital.
All interest rates will be about 6% higher than current rates (3% deflation, compared to our current 3% inflation).  And what exactly is the benefit we get from this reduction in borrowing-power?  We will be motivated to buy less?
You could get the same result by just lowering wages of workers too.
@_date: 2014-10-17 09:02:58
Maybe an example will make it easier to understand.
I have a business idea and borrow 1 Bitcoin from you, with the promise to pay back 4 Bitcoins.  You determine my risk of default to be 50%, so you value your loan at 2 Bitcoins, a 100% return.  You give me a Bitcoin and have an asset worth 2 Bitcoins.
The Economy has now grown by 1 Bitcoin.
But a modern business doesn't stop there.  They want to reduce their risk so they will use intermediaries to mix my loan with others.  While such loans will fail half of the time, the average rate of return will still be a much more reliable 100%.
Businesses will prefer to hold these accounts rather than non-interest Bitcoins to maximize profit.  They will even classify them as assets and trade them as money with other institutions.
The money supply has now increased by 2 Bitcoins.
This creation of this new money is completely rational because it REDUCES risk.
Nowhere in Bitcoin are these incentives changed.  People will still want to borrow money to grow businesses and financial institutions will still want to diversify those loans to reduce risk.
Eventually, banks realize they don't even need Bitcoins at all.  If you want to buy a car, they can simply create a Loan and give you a check.  You give that check to the dealer and he deposits it in his bank.  The bank now holds a liability in the check and an asset in the loan.  As you pay it back, the liability and asset fall in value and the money supply shrinks back to its original state.  Although the money supply for Bitcoins grew and shrunk from the loan, not once did that money ever become an actual Bitcoin.
None of this is speculation.  This is how businesses normally operate in every currency on the planet.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:38:31
I don't really think it's average savers such as us who constitute the money supply.  Large businesses and institutions hold their assets in liquid accounts, which are created by the financial institutions.
Our role comes in with our home and car and education loans.  Institutions pool these together and mix them up, creating accounts those businesses draw on and deposit into.
Those institutions probably do care about the measly 1% we ultimately pay on our home loans vs just holding their money.  To such a business, financial intermediaries do not increase risk - they reduce it by diversifying investments.  Short of a full-scale economic collapse, they do not need the FDIC because the intermediaries serve as the insurance.  And if a wide-scale collapse happens, they would be taken down with everyone else anyway.
All of those things you can do with Bitcoin are already done by those businesses.  But the benefits financial institutions offer are not provided by Bitcoin.  
Now, if Bitcoin made people stop wanting to buy houses or cars and so forth, then maybe that would be significant.
@_date: 2014-10-17 08:23:14
Bitcoin = Supply / Demand of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Instrument = Supply / Demand of Bitcoin + (Interest - Risk).
Cash = Supply / Demand of Dollars.
Dollar Instrument = Supply  / Demand of Dollars + (Interest - Risk).
Bitcoin is no more "hard and deterministic" than cash, because the instruments still work the same.  
The interest is higher than the risk and makes the instruments more attractive than cash / bitcoin, but even in an efficient market where interest cancels out risk evenly, it becomes interchangeable with cash itself.
The point is that Bitcoin isn't introducing anything new here.  We have always had a tiny, limited monetary base and the private sector chooses to transact in mainly IOUs.
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:58:49


You are making the Keynesian case here.
Keynesians argue that there are frictions in reducing nominal wages, while the free-market Libertarians / Austrians believe they are negligible and would fall in a free market.
All sides agree if there really are such frictions, then you get mass unemployment and wasted labor, as the equilibrium point of employment needs to adjust the price to match deflation.
This is one of the key reasons every country targets Inflation and opposes Deflation in labor markets.  The sticky-wage phenomena seems to be a verifiable real thing.
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:57:11
It has to happen with Bitcoin because you are taking a loan.  A financial institution must create some form of financial asset to represent your loan, and businesses will certainly split, mix, and trade that asset as money.
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:19:47
I haven't read your longer response yet, but I suspect I'll have a lot more questions / ideas on that :)


Well, I would guess you'd have about 3% productivity growth and 2% population growth, so about 5% growth in the overall economy.
Bitcoin itself will probably have growth in adoption, which could be 5% for many decades, but I'll ignore that.
If you have an economy growing by 5% a year and a fixed money-supply, then you have 5% Deflation.


You'd have less deflation, but not inflation, I think.  Even deep recessions aren't very bad these days... rarely do we even see any negative growth during a recession.
But deflation is added to interest rates.  If inflation is 5%, that is bad for a lot of businesses, but if it is 3%, then it is only bad for a few.
My question is why the need to be bad for anyone?  If we have stable inflation as we've had over the last few decades, you don't have to reject any businesses.  You can just adjust interest to:  inflation + risk.
@_date: 2014-05-30 20:12:14


Okay, but you can see why this would be worse, not better, right?  You are adding risk, when loans in another currency can offer lower rates, since they don't need to pay for higher risk of currency uncertainty.
I'm just recommending you consider the advantages before you engage that lending-portion of your business.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:00:34


This is why I mentioned the Austrian view, which itself was based on the old Adam Smith / Karl Marx view that the FRB is based on the multiplier for a monetary base.
This just isn't how monetary theory or central banks operate anymore.  If it was ever true, modern finance has eliminated that friction.


Sure, and that primary advantage is that they pay interest.  There are other benefits like insurance and efficiency.  But all of the reasons we choose bank accounts over cash would apply to bank accounts over Bitcoin.
The FDIC issue might come into play in a Depression, but that's why mainstream Economists on all sides oppose something like Bitcoin.  
But we're talking about inflation here.  And 99% of the time, the Fed is trying to reduce lending that banks are doing.  All of those controls would be gone, and banks would be increasing their lending to increase any returns they could.
In these normal times, people don't hold cash / bitcoins.  If you do that, you miss the investment opportunities and since everyone else is lending / investing, you're going to suffer from inflation either way.
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:46:19


Contracts are the vast majority of the money supply.  They make up the financial instruments which are traded and held in accounts.  People determine the risk and they are valued based on expected return.
You might say you want "Dollars" but what you really get is a contract from the bank which other banks will accept.
I guess you could ask for the serial numbers of the dollars in your bank account, but there are none.  Likewise, banks can do this for Bitcoin - and they will because this allows them to make loans and earn interest and grow productivity.
@_date: 2014-05-30 18:28:02


I'm not sure what you mean here.  One person's debt is another person's asset / loan.
I also don't understand how Bitcoin prevents banks from making loans.


STEM careers have their own issues as well.  Finance is a stable job that pays well.  STEMs cycle through periods of very high unemployment, with very high unemployment once you reach a certain age.  I think people are encouraged to take these jobs because they like the field.
@_date: 2014-10-17 05:38:53


It serves the exact same purpose of money and businesses / banks prefer it over cash because it pays interest.  It increases the supply of money and causes the demand for Bitcoins to fall.
As I've said, the Fed never printed all of the money we have circulating in the economy - there are no serial numbers / hashes associated with your bank accounts.  The private sector made those accounts, and Bitcoin does nothing new to stop that.


Only when Governments mandated this and collected taxes in Gold and enforced transactions.  Bitcoin doesn't give the Government back this power.
If people feel the current system will collapse due to the expansion of money, then they need to implement regulations that restrict lending / private finance.  Bitcoin attacks an irrelevant issue that modern banks don't care about - it tries to constrain the printed cash in the economy, ignoring how money is actually created anymore.


You're really just proving the original point I was making all along.  "Self-educated Austrians" are completely ignoring modern finance and the creation of the money in circulation.  When confronted, they fall back on an unsupported claim that nobody will engage in aggressive lending anymore even though Bitcoin offers nothing to restrict the form of lending modern banks use.  The evidence also shows Bitcoin users to be far more comfortable with risk, so the entire claim is just strange.
Bitcoin doesn't make it any more difficult to create loans or package those into instruments to be traded as money.  That's where money comes from.
@_date: 2014-05-31 06:10:41
Here's the part I'm most curious about:
In the modern economy, Private banks create the money.  It hasn't been the Fed for decades.  Bitcoin doesn't stop this.
I'll explain:
Consider a normal economy of 2-3% inflation.
Let's say I want a loan to buy $100 machines to increase output by 10%.  I go to a bank, and they determine my risk basis to be 5%, so thanks to competition, they offer a loan at 6% real interest (8% nominal, or 6% + 2% inflation).
Banks do NOT have this money in deposits or reserves.  They simply sign a CHECK declaring an obligation to pay.  I then give the check to my supplier, who cashes it at another bank.  Banks recognize IOUs from each other, not actual Bitcoins.
As long as banks accept checks from each other, the amount of money in Bitcoins / dollars in vaults does not matter.
Although it was created, it's not "free money".  The banks are still liable for your risk and will need to come up with the money if you fail to pay... but they will do it with other loans that didn't fail.
As a consequence, money creation has always been part of the market.  When people have good business ideas within acceptable risk, banks will always have the money to fund them.  They just adjust the interest rate accordingly.
@_date: 2014-05-30 17:01:12


The money put in the S&amp;P is invested to buy machines and productive resources.


Which means the companies became 6% more productive over that period.  They had to increase prices by 2%, but so did everyone else so it was no big deal.


The company isn't going to grow by 8% now.  It will only grow by 4%.  Its production has grown by 6% but its sale-prices are reduced by 2%.
You've gained nothing more by investing in this company in a deflationary environment.  Both give you a 6% real return.
In fact, it's a questionable investment now.  Your nominal return is only 4%, while refusing to invest would have given you a real return of 2%.  If this company carries risk of 2%, it would probably make more sense to just hold your money and refuse to invest.
But 6% productive growth is HUGE and deflation already makes it questionable.  Imagine if you were just trying to grow productivity at the typical 2%, or if you were a startup with much higher risk ratios.  There's no way you'd attract investors then.


First, you don't get a higher REAL return in a deflationary environment.  That is the nominal return.
Second, supply and demand attracts investment by **lowering the interest rate**.  It's already practically zero.  It can't go below zero... any further increases in supply are simply wasted.
But worse, those "saved" Bitcoins aren't invested.  They are taken out of investments.  Additional saving beyond a zero rate is just bitcoins taken out of the economy, causing further deflation, and further erosion of viable investment.
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:18:46
I have a few problems off-hand.
Practical - Non-reversible transactions attract less-than reputable players I cannot afford to have associated with my business.  I also cannot afford to have my name on some list because one of my customers had a questionable transaction history.
Bitcoin needs to develop financial institutions that offer insurance, reversibility, fraud-protection, insulation between parties, etc.
Technical - Decentralized systems are significantly more wasteful and would strain infrastructure if we wanted Bitcoin to compete with trusted currencies.  We can't have every other person downloading trillions of dollars in transactions every day.  There is a self-limiting scale issue and the proposed solutions are to just copy what already exists in modern finance.
Economic - First, Bitcoin seems to attract self-educated "Austrians" who make Bitcoin users seem out of touch with mainstream economics.
Inflation comes from the money supply, which is primarily dictated by private institutions and their lending behavior.  Banks are not constrained by the "printing" of money or the reserve base.  If someone has a good business idea, they simply create a loan as an asset and give the borrower a promissory note valued in the currency needed.  Other banks then accept that note based on the lending-bank's balance sheets.
Bitcoin doesn't stop any of this.  It makes it easier.  A bank can easily issue digital "accounts" valued in Bitcoins and banks will still transact with those accounts rather than cash / bitcoins.  The M1 will increase relative to the desire to borrow and lend, just as it does today.
People will still lend their Bitcoins and utilize banks to earn interest.  Intermediaries will diversify those loans and reduce the risk exposure, which will be represented in balance sheets and centralized accounts.  When we count our money, we will count our bank-account balances.
The Fed does not concern itself with Reserve base anymore.  When the private banks are lending too aggressively and inflation is climbing, the Fed invokes fees between banks... Bitcoin has no such brakes and is likely MORE vulnerable to inflation if it were to be widely adopted.
Finally, there is the Stability issue.
Bitcoin is just way too speculative at this point.  Although advocates seem to believe Bitcoin users will magically become more risk-adverse than the public, evidence indicates otherwise.  Holding any large investment in Bitcoin carries far more risk than a simple Inflation-Protected Treasury.
@_date: 2014-05-31 01:31:57


Not really.  Especially not to the same degree.
If there is a friction in the employer's favor, then you have competing employers who can offer the better wage.  This is why wages usually rise before everything else, during inflation.
But if there are frictions in the employee's favor, then you get unemployment.  This is the worst of all worlds because you have NO wages and you are wasting labor.
It's never beneficial to have friction in markets.  It's just that there is a LOT more friction among wages during Deflation than Inflation, creating massive unemployment.  Unless you can find a way to force employees to accept lower wages, the optimal route is to target inflation and if you still feel there is some friction to the employer's advantage, offer bargaining power to workers (unions, wage-subsidies, etc).


Unfortunately in Capitalism, the supply of workers and prices dictate the wage.  If there is less need for workers, or if revenues are lower due to deflation, or if there are new workers competing for your job, your wage should fall.
This isn't a fairness thing - it's how markets determine the best allocation of resources.  Of course, most Economists believe you should offer credits to the poor.  It's not their fault supply and demand dictate their skills to be in lower demand.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:42:45


I don't think Bitcoin does anything to address lending at all, except make it easier.  It removes lending requirements and interbank transfer fees and ratio requirements required by the Fed, but there's nothing to stop the increase in money supply.
Money is also the ability to divide and transfer gold.  We already know how that works.
@_date: 2014-05-30 19:10:48
To clarify, my argument isn't that "saved" Bitcoin is uninvested over technical reasons.
It just isn't rational to invest Bitcoins when you expect the currency itself to appreciate.  If you expect Bitcoin to increase by 30%, then you will only invest in other risk-free endeavors that offer equally high returns.  All other businesses lose their funding and go bankrupt.
It would promote saving, but you would not want to invest it.
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:16:19
Let's say you lend me a Bitcoin and I promise to pay you back 2 Bitcoins.  I give you a digitally-signed loan attesting to this fact.
Do you now have nothing?
Of course not.
I have a Bitcoin and you have an asset worth 2 Bitcoins, minus a bit of risk.
You can use that loan and sell it to someone else, or you can mix it with others to reduce your exposure to my default.
You have increased the money supply.
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:07:34
If you look at the Fed data going back to the computing era of the 80s, you can see there was virtually no increase in cash from the Reserve, while the money supply exploded.
You have a huge supply of commercial paper, financial securities, and m1 accounts.  This is the money supply business and the world uses.  Less than 1% of the money supply is some piece of paper printed by the Government.
This has nothing to do with proof of reserves or anything Bitcoin introduces.  It is because businesses prefer to hold assets that pay a bit of interest and institutions find places to invest / diversify.  They then mix those up and create derivatives and new instruments which they then use as money to create new investments.
Your bank account is composed of these accounts and paper, mixed together with loans and assets from other banks and businesses.
Thus the money supply is mostly newly invented paper and loans, not anything printed by the Fed.  Bitcoin introduces nothing to change this.
If Bitcoin becomes popular, then businesses will still want to invest their capital and create commercial paper and hold bank accounts.
The Fed does not burn cash to reduce the money supply - that would do nothing.  Instead, it implements transfer fees and lending requirements.
@_date: 2014-10-17 05:56:03


First, I think it's important to note that the money supply is overwhelmingly traded by businesses and banks, not cash held by individuals.
Second, nobody forces people or businesses to use bank accounts over cash.  Bank accounts / financial instruments earn interest, so they are preferable to cash.
Individuals hold them because that's what banks prefer to offer when you borrow money.  Cash cannot be reversed and is subject to theft/ fraud, and banks can create accounts as long as your risk is acceptable.  Other banks will honor that money because they accept the risk assessment of the lending bank.
You could hold your money in cash accounts that cannot be loaned out.  You can even wire that to someone else.  These options have always been there.  It just doesn't make sense to believe people will behave differently and businesses will choose to earn less interest now that we call the currency Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:30:44
The centralized wallet systems you describe seem more efficient.  A distributed network is just pushing infrastructure costs onto everyone else, which ultimately makes the entire system more expensive.
I also agree about the disincentive for consumers.  I cannot go to my customers and tell them to use a non-reversible payment method.  That's how criminals operate.
@_date: 2014-10-16 19:24:00
I don't think people are confused about the technical aspects of Bitcoin.  Everyone knows how asymmetric keys and peer-to-peer work.
The disagreement is with the fringe anarchist / political views of many Bitcoin advocates.
We already use these technologies for auditing / verification and transaction verification in finance.  Bitcoin seems to be a layer of politics on top of the technology...  Getting rid of the Fed, anti-inflation bias, anti-regulation, drug policy, etc.
@_date: 2014-05-31 04:07:34


I've read your comments, but I still don't really understand where the "Bitcoin" perspective fits relative to Economics.
If you don't believe Bitcoin will have monetary expansion, why do you believe there will be loans?  What prevents banks from issuing Credit as they always do?
The deflationary stuff seems pretty bad from a worker's perspective.  For rich people, it looks good... but only if they don't invest or expand businesses.
@_date: 2014-05-31 02:29:12


Serious question I've never understood.
Why can't you have inflation in a Bitcoin environment?  Are we going to have a large Government agency ban all lending?  Are we going to enact a Marxist society that restricts investment or renting of the "means of production"?
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:03:20


You keep saying that but it doesn't make any sense.
Bitcoin doesn't make it harder for businesses to create financial instruments or diversify them into accounts to trade.  If anything, it makes it much easier.
If a business has your loan for 2 Bitcoins, they are clearly going to put it on their financial statements as an asset and it will be included in the money supply.  When they want to buy something, they will mix it with other loans and sell that asset for its value.
As I pay back the loan, it DECREASES in value.  Eventually, the loan will be completely paid off and the money supply will shrink.
This is just the private market operating efficiently.  It creates the money when people need investment and it reduces it as demand for lending falls.
@_date: 2014-05-30 17:12:45


I'm a little confused about the Bitcoin Libertarian philosophy, because I come from a standard mainstream Economic background and Finance.
Is there some belief that Bitcoin prevents lending?  Or that money is created by the Government and not market forces?
@_date: 2014-05-31 02:51:26


Completely agree.  They also increase the money supply.


You can see why this would be bad in a Deflationary environment, right?
I assume you are stating a 5% loan in a normal period of 2% inflation, so a 3% real rate.  In other words, they estimate your risk to be a little less than 3%.
In a deflationary environment of -3%, this loan cannot work.  A 3% real rate is 0%, but I would earn that much by refusing a loan... risk free.
Your bakery is going to need to offer me a higher return than it used to.  This is going to be very hard for you, because your revenues will fall 3% every year, while your loan will continue to grow.  If Bitcoin adoption grows faster than 3%, or productivity increases substantially, you are in really bad luck... your loan will expand while your profits plummet.
Not only do you face all that downside risk, but the bank faces no real downside risk to match.  There won't be unexpected inflation because we have the money supply locked down (somehow).  It's not like technology goes backward.
@_date: 2014-05-30 16:41:35
Why is Deflation bad?  Let me explain it in an example.
Let's say you are a business and want to buy new machines to increase your productivity by 10%.  This is a significant improvement and we will all be richer to get you those machines.
Investors determine your risk of failure is about 3%.  Normally, they would agree to offer you a loan of about 5% (a 2% profit to them, 5% for you).  Inflation doesn't matter, as long as it is predictable and positive.  If we expect 5% inflation, your loan will be 10%... and your expected returns will be 15% (5% inflated prices, 10% productivity).
But what happens in a Deflationary environment of -10%?
In this case, we cannot give you a loan. We need to charge at least 3% interest to cover your risk.  Your 10% productivity growth will not increase your sales - Your prices will fall by 10% and you will have 0% more revenues than you did this year.
If we give you a loan to buy those machines, you will be unable to pay us more than you borrowed.  It makes much more sense for us to hold these Bitcoins and receive a risk-free return of 10% (prices will be 10% lower).
The world will be a less productive place.
Deflation may increase Saving - but only because it discourages investment.  It does little good to the economy to have Bitcoins sitting in a digital vault somewhere while businesses cannot grow.
@_date: 2014-10-17 08:16:33


Okay, but just on the grand scale of things, individuals aren't providing the deposits or trading the money supply.  This comes from larger institutions.  Individuals ARE a large recipient of lending, so I thought it was fair to acknowledge that.
When you go to a bank for a loan, the bank will lend you in M1 bank accounts, which you will give to another institution.  Any reputable merchant will probably prefer M1 checks rather than cash, because they offer protections Bitcoin / Cash does not.  They of course are a business and will want to hold it in interest-earning accounts, so that money will probably never be tied to a Bitcoin hash / Cash.


Just buy a CD or some type of deposit in which you cannot remove your investment.
Institutions just go the extra step to package such investments into portfolios and trade them as money.  This reduces their risk but also increases the money supply, as there is more capital available for making transactions.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:03:15


The problem is that bitcoin does not yet have these financial options, which are essential for any sizeable business.  Bitcoin must first attract financial institutions to offer the protections they provide for traditional bank accounts.
...And once you have the elaborate financial institutions, the "hard" monetary base of bitcoin is no longer there.  Financial institutions will simply transfer their services into the bitcoin world, creating the inflation of money supply.
You say you cannot conflate property with "claims to property" but this is of course how accounting and businesses have always operated.  The money they use is based on the value of their accounts, which are themselves derived from balance sheets of financial institutions.
If Bitcoin is volatile, then it doesn't seem likely to me that it will attract a risk-adverse financial institutions.  It will likely attract those looking to maximize profit, which will increase the money supply.
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:48:32


No problem.  I've just found it's easier to understand the positions so I can put them in a framework.


I saw that, and I tried to help you guys by pointing out Friedman.  I think you should read the Wikipedia on him, particularly his view of the Great Depression.  It's how he earned his fame and his Nobel Prize.
Economists already knew deflation was bad, but Friedman pointed out through rigorous data that a collapsed money supply was the primary cause of the Depression.
You probably know he had issues with Keynesians, but the two schools did incorporate each other's ideas, for the most part.


I actually think anyone you read from a University is going to be opposed to DEFLATION.  (Edit: typo)
I have to warn you, the "Austrian" school is not really a school in Academia.  You should read them on Wikipedia as well, and you'll see the reasons why:  Mainly, they oppose the scientific method in Economics.  They disagreed with the idea of using mathematical models and data to test ideas, and mainstream Economics used those models to find frictions / inefficiencies they don't really accept.


For the most part, Yes.  That was something Friedman discovered.
You had about 10% deflation, and interest rates were zero.  This meant any loan at all already had a 10% interest rate on it... when prices are falling, you really find a hard time making a business that can INCREASE revenues by at least 10%.  Then you need to cover your risk.
Friedman believed the central bank should have printed money like crazy to get rid of deflation.
The Keynesians noted that unemployment was very high because wages were not falling. This is more of a behavioral thing, but if you don't lower the price of a good (even labor) during deflation, it will go unused.


It's bad for workers because in order to get a loan, you already have to pay interest to make up for deflation.  Your school loans are not going to be 1% above inflation, as they are today.  They will be deflation% + 1%... the bankers don't really get a bigger profit for investing in deflation than they did under inflation... but they do make a guaranteed profit by NOT investing.


Well, inflation is really just the supply / demand for money, right?  So, a growing economy would cause demand to rise, creating deflation (rising value of bitcoin).  But you can also decrease supply if people pull their bitcoins from the economy.  If you have rising deflation, then there is that incentive to drop investments and just hold your bitcoins... reducing bitcoins available for investment, making deflation worse.
@_date: 2014-10-16 19:48:46


Atheism is a mainstream view among academics.  Austrian Economics is not, because it rejects the application of scientific principles like mathematics and verifiability.
@_date: 2014-05-30 23:53:25


That's no different than with inflation.
If you are better, then you can demand higher wages than inflation. It's all based on supply and demand.
It's just that in a deflationary environment, you should normally receive cost-of-living wage-cuts rather than cost-of-living raises.
If workers are unwilling to cut wages, then upply / demand dictates the market is imbalanced and they will face higher unemployment. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:50:47
Inflation occurs because the demand for money is met by the new supply of contracts / financial assets created by institutions.
While sure, you could demand cash, most banks won't let you take that much.  Cash isn't easily reversible and there are security problems.
Cash still falls in value though because the supply of money is actually increasing with those interest-paying accounts, soaking up whatever demand there may have been for paper-loving cash hoarders.
@_date: 2014-10-17 08:10:56


Regulation is what the Central Banks utilize in controlling the money supply because they have long ago established that it does nothing to target Reserves.  It's also how they enforced money restrictions under the Gold Standard.  Even Hayek agreed the free-market needed to be controlled by a central bank if you wanted to constrain lending.
In normal times, the economy has tens of Trillions of dollars in circulation, while there is typically only about $2 Billion in Reserves.  Private banks are not going to feel constrained by the supply of Bitcoins.  They prefer to trade and issue money based on the expected returns of their own investments.


What you view to be a "hard asset" doesn't matter.  The private sector CHOOSES to trade around financial assets as money, so it becomes an interchangeable medium of exchange and part of the money supply.
"Current finance" is created by the private sector and Bitcoin does not stop the private sector from devising its own financial assets on top of Bitcoin just as they build their instruments on top of the tiny amount of cash in the economy.
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:24:19
Businesses would hold accounts that paid interest and had a valuation in Bitcoin, but was traded like money.  They'd likely use more efficient direct secure transfers like they do now between institutions.
When you'd go to a bank for a loan, they would give you a note on account that businesses and banks would accept, just as they do now with checks.  Banks are not going to loan you cash, and they probably wouldn't loan you Bitcoins directly either.
They'd do these things because businesses want to make money and they aren't going to just hold money when it could be invested and diversified.