@_author: ericjarvies
@_date: 2017-10-21 05:47:24
In order to "ruin the current monetary system," users of DCs would need to stop being complaisant as it pertains to entry/exit points (e.g.- fiat cash-in/cash-out) and their usage thereof.  Likewise, the development community would need to stop creating centralized 'gateway' services around this otherwise decentralized economy.
So long as people continue to setup accounts/credentials (e.g.- username/password at some site/in some dB) as part of the Bitcoin experience, then the existing monetary system will remain in-tact and undisturbed (i.e.- stronger then ever).
Additionally, and in mass, people would need to put an end to the ridiculous federal and state laws that are currently in-place, and otherwise under the guise of anti-money laundering/terrorism acts, which means people need to begin taking 'privacy' seriously.
@_date: 2017-10-21 05:19:43
Getting your fiat (e.g.- USD or CAD or MXN etc.) money converted to -and from- Bitcoin, is both difficult and expensive.  If you use coinbase (for example) to convert $1500 USD into BTC, you will end up with about $1440 USD worth of Bitcoin (if using CC) or about $1455 USD (if using ACH), after they take their 'advertised' fee plus whatever amount they are able to gain as a result of the exchange rate 'they' charge 'you' at that given moment in time.
In the US, setting up an account with coinbase (or any of the others) is a tedious and time consuming process, as they have taken KYC to an entirely new level; OVERKILL.  In MX and CA, setting up accounts with bitso or ezbtc is not nearly as painful as is coinbase, and not nearly as costly nor limiting.
In MX or CA, one can immediately transfer funds from their bank account (using SPEI or INTERACT respectfully) into their bitso or ezbtc account -for FREE.  Likewise, doing so does NOT exchange your MXN or CAD into BTC, rather, the money remains parked as MXN/CAD until you -the user/holder/owner- of said value, decides to exchange it.  With coinbase, when you make a transfer, your USD funds are immediately exchanged into BTC, ETH, or LTC -with high fees and a lousy exchange rate.
With ezbtc (for example), you can quickly move your BTC back to CAD for only $1.50 CAD, and move your CAD back to BTC for free, and do so without having to actually withdrawal back out to your bank account.  With coinbase, you have to withdrawal back out to your bank account (or paypal) and pay a ridiculously high fee, or, pay a ridiculously high fee to move it into a USD wallet, but the problem here is that coinbase can -AND DOES- place a hold on those funds for as long as they see fit (i.e.- days).
Ideally, people should not use centralized exchanges, as it defeats the entire purpose of Bitcoin/DCs.  Rather, people should be using decentralized apps wherein person A deals directly with person B (and vice versa), and where a 'centralized' service provider only provides escrow/arbitration/rating/reputation services -by/between/for/on behalf of- the players (persons A &amp; B).
But this would require adoption and usage.  Apps like Bisq should be used by everyone, but alas, are being used by hardly anyone, though I would point out that the Bisq GUI is terribly confusing, so new DC users are unable to keep their heads above water at the moment as it relates to such.  This would make the movement of value (fiat, digital) much -much- easier and far less costly -for everyone, but everyone would need to adopt it.