@_author: ericlouchez
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:59:18
Just like most systems in our society, it is not perfect but it's the best we've got.
The whole point of fiat is to keep it relatively stable. They maintain a flat 1-2% inflation rate to promote investment over hoarding.
The first half of the video mostly makes true statement but imply things that are not true.
The second half of the video mostly provides deductive reasoning over the false implications that they made in the first half. So I didn't bother watching until the end, it just seemed like a waste of time.
I'll try to keep this short, so three points:
1) These guys are LIARS and they are very good liars. That means everything they say is 80% true and 20% false. So when you watch this video you HAVE to spent 10 minutes for each sentence they say to find out what that 20% that is false is.
Just for reference's sake, I will debunk one low hanging fruit. And please be aware that they make about 1 or 2 such lies per minute! It takes a LOT of effort and time to find them all and debunk so much bullshit.
They say that the Federal reserve is like a corporation. This is meant to make you believe that it's a private entity like Microsoft or News Corp. But it's not. Real corporations are required by law to maximize profits of shareholders. But the Federal reserve is not, it is required to do two things: keep inflation rates stable at 1-2% and lower unemployment. If a shareholder doesn't like it, he can go fuck himself.
Dividends are only 6%, it's quite decent, but it's not that great either.
For a more level-headed explanation of who owns shares in the federal reserve, go to: 
From this faq:  it seems like becoming a member bank is relatively simple. But only 38% do it. Maybe it's because owning shares in the federal reserve isn't the fountain of wealth that video makes it out to be.
2) The fiat system's most important goal is to have a stable currency. This is a crucial objective, just ask Argentina what happens when there's rampant inflation and check out the great depression to see what happens when there's too much deflation.
Avoiding deflation is easy: just print more money.
Avoiding inflation is a bit more tricky, but you can pick something with relatively limited supply, like gold, and call it money. And then you will generally avoid inflation.
But avoiding both is HARD. You need to be able to increase supply when people want too much of the currency, but also shrink supply when people don't want it anymore.
To do that you need to be able to increase the money supply while retaining the ability to call back all the money you've created.
And that's done through loans, every dollar in existence is create with an associated loan (pretty much like they explain in the video). When the loan gets paid back, the dollar gets destroyed.
To increase money supply, create more loans. To decrease money supply create fewer loans and let existing loans get paid back.
3) Money as debt just makes sense. If I build a house all on my own and then I sell it. I get money. That money is a debt that society owes me. I built a house, and now I don't have a house anymore, I gave it away and the money is a promise that society owes me a house's worth of stuff. For that to balance out, there needs to be someone who owes that debt, someone who got stuff and hasn't worked for it yet. And fiat just makes certain that the books are always balanced.
Ok, I'll say one more thing to compare bitcoin and Fiat. One claim in the video is that we're irresponsibly setting up future generations to pay for today's excesses. But that's not exactly true. In principle, we are making investments, when the government borrows money to build roads or go to war, it is (in principal, I'll get to the reality of it in a bit) making an investment. It is saying that for the ridiculously small interest rates that I have to pay, this action will provide much greater dividends over time. So the question isn't is Fiat right or wrong, the question here is: Is the government making sensible investments? I posit that it is not making sensible investments, and it is those bad investments and NOT the monetary system that is causing us to sell out future generations.
Bitcoin, however, does directly steal from the future. If you got in early and then sold at 1000 USD, you "made" a lot of money. But you didn't work for it, you didn't invest it somewhere that funded work and infrastructure, you just bought bitcoins that went up in price. You now have wealth that you didn't work for.
So bitcoins has its ups and downs and, let's say for some reason in 2113 it drops down to pennies, worth per bitcoin never to go back up. And say someone had just sold a house for bitcoins before the price dropped. Now, that guy just lost a house's worth of wealth.
Unfortunately, you won't be alive 100 years from now to give that guy back the stuff you got without working for it. So he'll be screwed, in the future, having worked without getting any stuff back.
I understand the importance of crypto currencies and how they can prevent corruption. But one could argue that any money you make from the rise of the price of bitcoin is just taken from future generations.
There are reasons why that might not be entirely true and other reasons why those reasons don't necessarily apply.
tl;dr: The video is a bunch of lies wrapped up in a whole lot of very interesting facts. It's worth watching if you can spend an hour debunking for each sentence they say.