@_author: erichunting
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:47:57
Bitcoin is a product of the P2P/Commons/FLOSS/FLOK movements, built on their common cultural philosophy and futurism. It was first proposed in the P2P Foundation forums. It was intended to facilitate the transition to a Post-Industrial economy and culture, serving as a mechanic for the development of online value networks and platform cooperatives, which continue to work with crypto today. Historians will eventually say that Satoshi's greatest feat was coaxing Objectivists and Capitalists into participating in an experiment in Libertarian Socialism. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 02:45:54
Maybe we can use them to make a VR Money Bin of Satoshis and swim through them like Scrooge McDuck, though it should be more of a community swimming pool. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:55:24
[By Rocket To The Moon]( - Raymond Scott.
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:06:18
While things seem to be progressing nicely, I'm personally bothered by the fact that there's nothing for the little guys like me to do to really participate anymore. I can't mine at the value and local power costs anymore. (thanks again to BFL for making me miss that train...) Can't run a full node anymore at the escalating bandwidth demands and with the worsening security hassles. If you're outside of a few urban hot-spots, there's really nothing interesting you can do with a modest amount of coin but sit on it. There's nothing like developing world microfinance going on where you can actually help people do things. No one experimenting with open value networks. It's now all in the hands of a shrinking number of L33T developers and entrepreneurs chasing Wall Street dreams. Why should I still be interested in bitcoin if I can't participate in anything interesting or do anything useful? Bitcoin has become obsessed with parity and legitimacy in the context of an old dying Industrial Age economy when it could be inventing a new Post-Industrial economy. Only Faircoin seems to be involved in anything that progressive. 
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:25:20
Now this is the sort of progressive world-changing application I can get behind. 
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:41:21
That is a good suggestion. I've been following it, but things still seem to be in a nascent stage. Something for sophisticated coders.
@_date: 2015-06-14 20:03:38
Perhaps facilitating a broad crowdsourced review process with an open reputation platform that's harder to game? A social credit system. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:59:12
I think in a large part because of the lack of anonymity. Economics was, for a long time, something that happened very transparently and mostly in a social, small community, context. There was no profit motive and currency functioned essentially as a sort of 'time machine'--a mechanism of making value independent of time so that barter could become asynchronous in time and space, compensating for the perishability of some goods and their seasonal availability. It's one thing to be unfair or underhanded to strangers or when you are doing things as a faceless individual at a distance, but when you're trading with neighbors you have to live with life-long it's another matter. You don't need written laws to define the consequences you'll face in that context. We needed traditionalized mores and written laws to define standards of behavior as communities grew beyond our individual 'monkeyspheres' (that 150 or so personal contacts we can keep track of in our heads), compelling us to interact civilly with a society of primarily strangers. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 04:43:33
My guess would be living comfortably but simply and inconspicuously --perhaps as a digital nomad-- while carefully observing the unfolding of the grand experiment and working anonymously on other open source and P2P cultural projects. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 14:48:04
One of the concepts that comes up often in discussions of P2P organization is the idea of automated contract generation, where network software platforms with architectures similar to Bitcoin's can be used to synthesize formal contracts at the same time they're mediating communication and exchange. This is particularly relevant where one is orchestrating the on-demand production of things across a diverse network of suppliers and fabricators and where a contract becomes attached to a set of digital plans or 'recipes' for production that may be produced by interactive design tools. (configurators, as they are sometimes called) 
So imagine the near future where on-demand production consists of an open value network cloud of individual producers all plugged-into an automated materials transport and logistics system--automated packet transit backed up by various automated materials handling centers working as a public storage utility in the manner of a cloud data service. An Internet of Stuff. (what Amazon is ultimately destined to evolve into even if Jeff Bezos doesn't realize it yet...)  
In this network there are no 'manufacturers'. It's just various multi-purpose production nodes in various geographical locations. So 'products' are initiated chiefly by their designers who market their designs to consumers who initiate on-demand production of the product when they buy it. 
So a consumer is shopping on-line in a catalog that is really just a showcase of designs, some of which may have configurators with them to allow for various kinds of customization/personalization. The catalog has an 'awareness' of the production network behind it. It does what you might call anticipatory or theoretical product orders so it can display things to the user like a price-over-options list or a price-over-ETA list that relates to the variable cost of production based on options or the amount of time you're willing to wait to have the product delivered. 
When the customer clicks the 'buy' button it generates a 'spime' for the product. This is a package of digital data that has a recipe for production, a history for the product, and a distributed contract for production that begins with the designer of the product and then spreads out into the network as the system seeks the best cost-over-time-efficient set of bidders for all the materials and steps of production needed for the product. When an optimal contract is modeled and confirmed--all digitally--the machines start going and the production of the product fans-in across the network toward the customer's delivery point and the return value--let's say Bitcoin--flows out across the same network. One can imagine many models of production and service where systems like this might apply.
This is one of many possible applications of a social-semantic web platform currently in development called Netention. 
You don't hear much about Semantic Web or Semantic Desktop applications outside of the P2P community because, frankly, most people in IT don't actually understand what it is. But in simple terms its a way to build-into the web's architecture a means for masses of information to auto-associate with each other in various useful ways. Netention is basically intended as a semantic social network platform that semi-anonymously builds life-profiles of users, quantifies their routine needs and life-goals, so that mutually supportive social connections can be identified and mediated among them. Think Facebook with a 'pronoia' imperative. A secret digital conspiracy that's out to help you and everyone else. And part of this is to facilitate value networks and exchange contracts integrated with whatever production, service, and communication networks might develop for them. 
I suggest that such technology will come to evolve into what I like to called a Digital Tao; a global social-semantic web integrated into a global production web and a global environmental monitoring web that democratically embodies the objectives of the whole society balanced against the tailored needs of the individual and the sustainability demands of the environment and eliminates currencies altogether by digitally trading in pure demand and social credit. You could say it's sort of like Jacque Fresco's Cybernation but based on a more contemporary notion of computing than Fresco's '60s era centralized model of large scale computing. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:32:04
I remember seeing that electronic demon in some convention videos. It's very funny.
And the How To video;
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:29:27
The creation of Bitcoin was originally inspired by the Peer-To-Peer movement, which is why it's original proposal by Satoshi Nakamoto was posted on the forums of the P2P Foundation.
The P2P movement has its origins in the open software, open hardware, and open manufacturing communities and--by extension--the Maker movement. This is sort of the cultural and philosophical undercurrent to these. To put it crudely, the P2P movement has been exploring the application of often digitally-assisted peer-based or 'stigmergic' models of social organization, as appeared in open software development, to many areas of social activity--from design to economics to law to urban planning. This is considered the ultimate Post-Industrial alternative to the hierarchical authoritative structures of Industrial Age Capitalist culture. A society self-organizing from the bottom-up rather than god, state, and elites on-down. 
Bitcoin was deliberately designed to be a practical demonstration of this through the model application to economics. It's sort of like trying to re-invent economics with a Linux development model. 
Other concepts along this line include Open Value Networks as explored by companies such as Sensorica and various other Social Entrepreneurial ventures. (note that the terms 'value network' as been mis-appropriated recently by some corporate consulting businesses) Open Value Networks are intended to create infrastructures for development and production of real stuff through an opt-in manner of participation. Imagine if instead of applying for a 'job' in a company that produces things--going through all those weird classist corporate rituals--you simply opted-into--of your own volition--a network that produces stuff and then flows profit share back to you in direct proportion to the practical value of your contribution. 
So when you hear people talk about how Bitcoin has the potential to change the world, well, that's exactly what it was intended for. It's really intended to be culturally and socially disruptive, propagating similar digitally assisted models/structures of organization. And the ultimate goal? Post-scarcity. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 16:22:08
To understand Satoshi's motives, look at where the white paper was first presented; the P2P Foundation. Bitcoin was inspired by that larger movement. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 17:27:47
This is an interesting idea for a store. Future lifestyle and the showcase/exhibition of it is one of my pet subjects and I'd be interested to know if you have any sort of conceptual model of future living much as stores like Ikea design showcase environments based on model lifestyles keyed to demographics. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:33:25
As an experiment, I've been heating my little adobe cottage this winter with miners. They keep things at about 70-80 degrees, about cover the full electric bill, save me the cost of propane, and I bought them with a little coin I mined on PC in the early days, so they didn't really cost me anything. Just keep tripping circuit breakers...  I had hoped for a small secondary income. It's been a life-long dream to have a digital lighthouse keeping job. But, sadly, I got stuck with BFL units that were years late and behind the curve. You try to buy domestic, try to support the revival of manufacture in this country, and these US companies with their executive choke-artists always let you down. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:04:45
I go back to the roots of Bitcoin--to the discussions of Post-Industrial/Post-Scarcity economics on the P2P Foundation forums and blog before Satoshi posted his white paper there. I've long been a Post-Industrial futurist and discussions of alternative currencies and economics have long been a part of P2P and the Open Source movement. I recall a frequent topic of discussion was the question of what rational--scientific--basis future digital-mediated economics should have given how contemporary economics is based on little more than voodoo in a business suit. 
One concept that kept returning was the idea of energy as a kind of universal commodity all production could be theoretically reduced to and thus on which an economy might be based. Sort of a Star Trek Replicator economy. More practical ideas have been the concepts of value networks like that developed by Sensorica, where human labor leads in the quantification of value. But I've personally been inclined toward the notion that the advance of digital quantitative analysis and the progressive self-awareness and transparency of markets leads to a progressive factoring-out of profit resulting in the potential to index value purely by a metric of relative demand, making currencies redundant and leading toward an automated resource-based economy. 
It was in this petri dish of ideas about the prospects of future post-scarcity economics that Bitcoin was probably born. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 19:48:05
I agree about disillusion as a motivation, but the P2P movement is possibly in the roots of that disillusion. It's not just about P2P software. P2P is a cultural movement inspired by such forms of organization/communication that was originally an undercurrent to the open software community and has emerged to apply itself to society and culture at large; economics, business, industrial production, urban planning, architecture, education, social services, politics. 
P2P explores digitally assisted social self-organization and active decentralization/demassification as the basis of an emergent Post-Industrial culture--and has been exploring digital currencies toward that purpose for decades. That's why Satoshi went to the P2P Foundation community first. He's probably part of that loose community--which includes many people working on things on the more futurist frontier of open software, like the Semantic Web, Semantic Social Networking, Digital Value Networks, and so on. The essential point to Bitcoin is to experimentally demonstrate a stigmergic economic infrastructure where value is openly a bottom-up social construct. (in a sense, you could call cryptocurrency a kind of economic atheism) This may be intended to form the basis of future digitally-mediated value network infrastructures--total economic automation. Certainly, this seems to be what it's evolving toward as people explore more applications, and that's inline with many of the other things P2P pursues. 
People seem to often imagine Satoshi as some kind of contemporary John Galt. I suspect he's more of a Libertarian Socialist--in the original sense of that term before Americans bastardized the word 'libertarian'. 
@_date: 2017-01-08 06:28:55
I got stuck by them. Trashed my dreams of a 'digital lighthouse keeping' career and doing mining on solar. Luckily, bought with btc mined on desktop in the early days so not a critical loss. But I've lost any trust in American tech startups. The incompetence is endemic. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 00:49:37
That it practically demonstrates the application of technologically assisted stigmergic P2P social organization and so gives me hope for a Libertarian-Socialist future culture.
@_date: 2019-02-09 04:03:00
I've long been involved in the P2P movement and was in discussions on digital currency in the P2P Foundation forums when the white paper was released there. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 01:07:48
That was my intention originally. I was a very early adopter and so had mined some coins on a Mac in the background, running the software because, as a long-time member of the P2P community, I've long been interested in crypto tech and the concept of digital currencies and wanted to support it. (remember, the P2P community is the origin of Bitcoin) I'm still annoyed with the lack of support for the Mac client as I would have mined much more, but the program was left broken and neglected for a long time. Stupid coder platform prejudices... When value started growing, I looked back at the old software and found I'd mined some significant amount and wanted to do something useful with it. My first thought was to try and find some kind of micro-finance project to help spread Bitcoin use in the developing world, but no one was working on anything like that (let alone even talking about it at the time...) and I didn't have the means to bootstrap it by myself. So I thought using some of that Bitcoin to get into hobby mining might be worth doing to help grow the global infrastructure and just for the appeal of working with the tech. I thought there might be a possibility that it could grow into my dream of a digital farming/lighthouse keeping job and be used to leverage Bitcoin mining on development of a solar farm. Alas, BFL f-ed that up... 
@_date: 2017-04-30 02:31:06
I have long advocated the development of P2P VR and think blockchain technology could be useful for that. I think the blockchain may be the key to a new world of ubiquitous virtual cloud computing. But why in the hell would anyone devise a virtual real estate commodity with artificial scarcity unless their intention was to exploitatively monetize it? 
There is no reason why space in VR should, in any way, be scarce like money. There's no logical excuse for it. All space in VR is social space. It only needs to exist insofar as it is occupied by people experiencing and interacting within it. So what the hell is the point of making it something permanent, fixed in dimension, and owned? It has no need for any more persistence than the persistence of the social activity taking place in it. 
While we consider Bitcoin an economic commodity, the blockchain is a _commons_ created from the mutual data resources of the Bitcoin using community to facilitate the exchange of that commodity. To create a marketplace. You can own Bitcoin. You can't own the blockchain --you participate in it as a condition of doing business in Bitcoin. If you're going to make other people's 'permanent' virtual real estate dependent on my computer's resources, then you better pay me! I want my Georgist rents! It is only just if it's a commons. 
Re-inventing a system of real estate was the single dumbest mistake of Second Life's development. It created a virtual wasteland. A vast ugly-looking area of fenced-off property that remain uninhabited 99% of the time while most of the activity remained concentrated in a few areas functioning as attractors of socialization --and constantly overloading because Second Life couldn't scale resources properly. Second Life's developer's mistakenly thought that the primary way users would express their creativity was through the VR landscape but, in fact, it was the avatar that mattered more because the VR space's only purpose is to be a stage for people to perform for each other. This is a blunder game developers keep making over and over again. 
Putting VR on the blockchain is a powerful idea, here tragically made utter rubbish by someone's compulsive selfishness. Some sick fantasy of reinventing the Internet so that, this time, it can be owned by the 'smart people' who get in on the 'ground floor'. What is with this pernicious get-rich-quick Ponzi mentality? Stop it! 
@_date: 2016-02-18 04:55:45
There is a popular notion of Satoshi as a kind of Randian hero figure, which misses the point that the objective here is entirely anti-Objectivist.  
@_date: 2016-02-19 00:58:53
I am not conflating Objectivism with Libertarianism, though there most certainly are Randian Libertarians. 
As an open source software platform, Bitcoin is an infrastructure voluntarily and cooperatively created as a resource commons. One of its original intended roles is to facilitate the creation of digitally mediated production cooperatives and Open Value Networks. (the Commons Transition organization, also a product of the P2P Foundation, developed its own cryptocurrency built on Bitcoin technology--chiefly to distance itself from the commercialization and the emerging attempted corporate enclosure of the Bitcoin commons) Bitcoin may be considered libertarian in its decentralized and supranational nature, but it is also a highly Mutualist construct, hence the suggestion that it is Libertarian-Socialist. As I pointed out, the term 'libertarian' is not used here to refer to the later American Libertarian movement. [See this description.]( Another way to refer to that I like to use is Stigmergic Socialism. Society built on self-organizing Mutualist infrastructures in the context of a societal commons. 
@_date: 2016-02-19 02:10:34
Yes, he does do some great videos. I've been acquainted with him since his work on the Hexayurt. I often refer to his short story The Unplugged. We've both been loosely involved in the discussions on the recent Hackbase Lanzarote project.  
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:00:59
Having been been part of the discussions on digital currency in the P2P Foundation from which Bitcoin emerged, I can say that the original objective of Bitcoin was the creation of a decentralized supranational digital economic foundation for an emergent Libertarian-Socialist (that's 'libertarian' in the original European sense) Post-Industrial culture. Anyone who imagines Satoshi as some kind of John Galt has completely missed the point. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 22:02:22
This brings up something I was writing about elsewhere today. I was pondering the design of virtual machine platforms for use by migrants, homeless, and people in the developing world and the issue of data fragility in environments where hardware can be easily damaged, lost, and stolen. Many feel Bitcoin to be a revolution in banking access for the developing world, but the wallet data seems, to me, to be the weak link in that. 
Keeping a wallet file on your phone or PC is like stashing cash in a mattress. And that problem is made worse if any degree of technical knowledge becomes necessary just to properly back it up. Can grandma backup her wallet? There's your bottleneck. The practical solution is for people in these regions to rely on centralized commercial services--all in other countries--to be their online banks, providing security for their coin, which goes against the essential principle of Bitcoin. 
So why is it that wallet data was never put on the blockchain if the whole point of that was to create an indestructible tamper-resistant ledger/database? 
@_date: 2016-09-23 01:32:09
That would definitely be an attraction, if real. But I'm not sure about their figures on the cost of a ship. 20 million seems very low for a vessel of the scale they are talking about, even if bought used. But if we assume that's correct and every one of the 1000 passengers were paying $1300 a month (for a two room cabin), it would take at least 13 years to pay for that. So that would probably not be paying for itself on rent alone. They must be banking on other revenue, like the noted casino--though the chief patrons there would be the residents themselves. There would be little room for guests. 
But as I said, a new ship of that size should actually cost about 400 million. The 165 condo units on The World cost a few million each, so the shirtsleeve math works out there, and there's still a big maintenance fee on top of that. It can cost hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars just to fuel-up a big ship. Even if you aren't moving, you're using a lot of fuel for power. This is why most seasteading ideas deal with various kinds of platforms that can be much cheaper. (based on existing concrete construction and technology like Pneumatically Stabilized Platforms, a mid ocean platform is a--roughly--$1000 per square meter proposition, though you generally need things a minimum of a football field in size) 
Still, a smaller ocean-going ship/yacht, with its smaller economy of scale, using a nomadic luxury co-working/co-living model could make more sense with the numbers this BitBastion project is tossing around. It would also have an option for sail and solar big ships don't have. 
It might seem like an oxymoron, but there are actually 'luxury co-living/co-working' communities right now. Rich folk always want in on the latest lifestyle trends, but want them in their own special variations because they don't really want to deal with the standard-of-living compromises that come with them--let alone mingle with the rest of us. This is why artists/creatives tend to catalyze gentrification and why everything like Burning Man has a tendency to turn into Bohemian Grove. (the rich always chase after the bohemian lifestyle of creatives because they long to share their apparent freedom and novel habitats, then routinely ruin them as soon as they touch them, driving those creatives on to other urban detritus in search of cheap live/work space. This has gone on since the 19th century at least, but only in the past few years did real estate people finally figure it out and start exploiting it, cultivating venues to deliberately attract the 'hipsters' we like to make fun of but are now recognized as useful agents of urban renewal) In the early 20th century young rich folk and celebrities often lived for months or years in hotels, and they were designed around that, with many spaces to live in and socialize during the day. Contemporary hotels are not very social spaces because their design was influenced by a mid-century notion of seasonal mass leisure and motor tourism. (co-invented by The Four Vagabonds and the Nazis, but that's another curious story...) 
The old hotel lifestyle was briefly revived in hip Modernist luxury apartment complexes in the '60s and '70s. Now it's being re-invented again as high-end co-living--in a few cases based on renovating some of the remaining old era hotels and apartment complexes, [particularly in exotic locales.]( Companies like [Roam]( let you pay one monthly fee to live and move between any of their variety of co-living places around the globe. A yacht could fit this model too. There's probably a viable business model that could be crafted around that combined with a business services package. (job shop pools, shipping service contracts, tele-secretary/phone desk services, etc.) But it might still be very expensive on a monthly rent basis. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 02:18:44
There's nothing especially strange about the idea of living on a cruise liner. It's been done. It works. There has been an operational 'condoliner' for many years called [The World by ResidenSea.]( My question would be how compatible this would be with entrepreneurial activity. There's not that much room even on a cruise liner. The World hosts 165 modest--by luxury condo standards--homes for 2-4 people each. Much of the population on board is service staff--I think the ratio is about 1:1 residents and staff, but the staff, who are regularly rotated (otherwise the living conditions would become unbearable...), live in typical tight cruise liner workers quarters. There is no casino on this ship, since there isn't much space to spare with all the other lifestyle amenities. This isn't one of the billion dollar class liners. Altogether, we're talking roughly the same population here--something around 1000 people--but over half the space is just for those 165 homes. A liner of this scale costs, roughly, 400 million dollars to build new and a comparable cargo ship about half that, so where they get the 20 million figure is not clear.
Getting to and from a large ship at sea is bit of a hassle. [This is the usual method.]( In recent years this has been improved with [safer rigid transfer pods.]( Imagine doing this on a routine basis! [This is the more recent high-tech way of doing this]( but the very high cost and size of this hardware means it is still rarely used. 
If you're an entrepreneur, you usually need workspace and telecommunications. Workshops. Office space. Storage. Data center. Broadband internet. However, if you're a Digital Nomad entrepreneur you can do most work from a laptop, home workstation, or [co-working centers]( and develop many small ventures relying mostly on online-linked contract services. This is becoming viable for a steadily increasing variety of business and industry. But doing this means relying on services and employees that are not aboard your ship or anywhere in convenient range of observation. It takes a lot of trust and patience. (I know this from personal experience. Working in the book trade, I'm technically a Digital Nomad, though I live in a little adobe cottage in the desert for health reasons) Satellite-based internet sucks rocks. (which I also know from experience...) The latency is terrible. It's hard to do data services with it. This isn't particularly a problem for people on The World because its residents are independently wealthy millionaires who don't do any actual work--and rich folk don't internet much anyway. 
Being relatively stationary this BitBastion Seastead might overcome this telecom problem with long range directional WiFi. But 12 miles isn't quite 'international waters' anymore. Reagan's Exclusive Economic Zone addition to the Law of the Sea extended that in certain contexts to 200 miles. And one of its specific exclusions is stationary facilities including floating ones. This is why Bush 1 couldn't create the interdiction platforms in the Persian Gulf he wanted. So it's an open question whether the BitBastion Seastead could be operated under a flag of convenience and park within 200 miles of the shore. There are also some stupid US maritime laws like the one that says a ship can't travel directly between two ports in the US unless that ship was built in the US--as if this country has any significant civilian shipbuilding capability left... 
But I think this concept is essentially feasible. As usual, Seasteaders are thinking about Libertarianism more than logistics. A mobile ship-based Digital Nomad center--a version of The World functioning as a live-in co-working/venture-incubator center--is probably doable, as long as it was complimented with a land-based network of service industries to support that. If you can cope with the latency or some kind of intermittent broadband, maybe it's not so bad to wander around the globe like The World, getting on and off at your leisure. Just as The World makes a tourist event around every port-of-call, you could make an entrepreneurial event, focusing on the places in the world key to the contract service industries. A 21st century [Zheng He's Fleet.]( Libertarians seem to always be imagining Galt's Gulch in some form. This is the freakin' 21st century. Maybe Galt's Gulch doesn't need to be anywhere in particular anymore?  
@_date: 2016-09-27 00:31:15
The 'internet' of the developing world is still mostly simple cell phones (not always smartphones and often refurbished phones collected in other countries), which are often shared or rented. (in many communities people make a small living as the local phone service, having a phone and letting neighbors use it for a fee) Where it exists at all, banking is a very hands-on thing. Bankers will travel to where the customers are. 
You're not going to get too far with conventional advertising campaigns except in cities. You need people physically canvassing rural communities and bringing a presentation and telecom with them. That's how governments in the region do public health awareness. It's, literally, travelling storytellers. Things like [cheriyal scroll performance.]( Variations on the idea of [kamishibai.](
The key to what you want to do is, oddly enough, women. Despite often misogynist local cultures, women are the key communications network in the developing world and they typically manage the money in households and do the community organization. When regional governments need to reach people with things like public health information, they go to the women. This is why microloan programs in the past have seemed to be somewhat female-dominated. They're the social organizers. 
Bitcoin could be a game-changer in the developing world, but the front-end of the technology still sucks rocks. The front-end is still the biggest bottleneck. If you're thinking about rural development, you're dealing with communities that are lucky to have any kind of intermittent electric power. There might be one to a few TVs and radios in a whole village. Maybe a 'dish wallah' who distributes a satellite TV link by house-to-house cable. A few people with phones. Smartphones are some of the dumbest-designed devices. They're far too fragile and costly for the average rural farmer. They're not a safe place to keep critical data. Laptops and tablets aren't any better. 
One of the smartest approaches to developing-world personal computing has been 'remote desktop' environments. Versions of Linux on a bootable USB drive that assume private control of whatever PC they're plugged into, creating a private desktop environment for the duration of the user session. This allows someone to have a personal data environment they can carry with them and use on whatever PC might be temporarily available. THIS is what Bitcoin needs to make headway in the developing world. But that may be harder to pull-off than it sounds. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 02:37:03
Satoshi's greatest feat was fooling Objectivists into buying into Libertarian-Socialism.
@_date: 2015-04-11 00:46:58
Excellent. 
@_date: 2015-09-11 15:00:33
This brings up something I've wondering about. I have some BFL Monarchs that have been sitting idle for a while because they couldn't break even on the power costs here in New Mexico. (had hopes of a digital lighthouse keeping/farming career, but we all know the BFL story...) Are there any organizations that are doing mining for charity that I might donate these to? 
@_date: 2015-09-12 15:54:34
It's ironic. The reason got these miners in the first place was that, as a very early participant, I had mined some coin on my home computer and wanted to do something useful with it. I looked for things like microloan programs or some social entrepreneurs. Nothing. So I thought I'd invest in building the bitcoin network itself, learn about some interesting new tech, and maybe it could turn into a new career. Nope...  
Edit; maybe it's time to consider a new mining for charity venture. If someone had the solar/wind hardware to donate and I contributed these miners, we could start something. Or maybe someone with a larger facility could donate hosting for these? 
@_date: 2015-04-04 17:29:30
While I might set some aside directly as investment in Bitcoin, it would be much more interesting to invest in its technological advancement. Bitcoin is still stuck in that 'risky magic internet money for geeks' public perception because, frankly, it's front-end interfaces still suck rocks and its software developers still have the chronic user-unfriendly tendencies that have long persisted in the open source culture. We still have a largely computer-illiterate mainstream society. A lot of people can't tell the difference between Facebook and the Internet. Bitcoin's essential concepts remain unintuitive and obtuse and its advocates often poor communicators. This is the 800 pound gorilla sitting in the Bitcoin cocktail lounge. 
I'm also very interested in the diversification of blockchain technology. Contract automation and digital open value networks. Blockchain-based data clouds and the prospect of virtual cloud computing environments where the blockchain not only anonymously stores data but runs software as a virtual distributed computer. 
Then there's mining as a leverage on renewable energy development. Mining and OTEC are a perfect match. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 01:43:20
Because Americans can't manage a legitimate hardware startup anymore, as demonstrated by Butterfly Labs. 
@_date: 2017-07-10 23:58:42
Go rebuild the economy of Mosul. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 17:00:09
This is an intriguing concept that hints at the possibilities of future economic automation. We could extend this idea to many things. A vending machine might own itself. Or perhaps a future fab shop--a diversified on-demand automated factory--might own itself and perpetually self-optimize its production. 
The concept of corporations reduced to a computer program has been speculated on in the past--and it's something that comes up in discussions of digital currencies and exchange in particular. Basically, a contemporary company doesn't actually need to own any physical stuff to function anymore. It can do everything through contracts and digitally mediated commerce. So, in theory, you could craft a computer program around a system of digital contracts that all exist in the cloud. This than 'works the market' to operate and produce things in the real world. 
This thread and article should be cross-posted to r/futurology.
