@_author: eric_arrr
@_date: 2015-04-01 09:20:11
Oh, and one more thing: the pending murder-for-hire charges against Ulbricht in Maryland? Stand by for dismissal in three, two...
@_date: 2015-04-01 07:05:32
Not so fast. Judicial immunity is against *civil* liability, meaning a judge can't be sued for damages by somebody whom they may have wronged from the bench.
But that does not excuse them from *criminal* liability, so if a judge commits criminal misconduct, the state can still prosecute.
For a shining example of the foregoing in action, see the case of Judge Mark Ciavarella, who literally sold kids to the prison industry. The kids whom Ciavarella wrongly sent to prison cannot sue him for damages, but that doesn't mean Ciavarella didn't get what was coming to him. [The state nailed him good.]( (As for the kids, they are out of luck for compensation -- although some states have laws providing compensation to those wrongfully imprisoned, [Pennsylvania is not among them.](
With all that being said, the question is, "Did Judge Forrest commit misconduct, and if so, was that misconduct criminal in nature?"
My amateur legal analysis is, not so far as I can discern. This is mainly because neither Carl Force or Shaun Bridges contributed in any way to the evidence or testimony against Ulbricht. (They were part of a supposedly separate investigation by the Baltimore AG's office.)
But there are now two wild cards potentially in play:
The first wild card is, if Ulbricht's team can find evidence showing that Force and/or Bridges participated in the NY investigation, then any evidence arising from their participation could be thrown out, potentially resulting in a new trial.
But that shouldn't get Judge Forrest in any trouble, provided that any participation by Force or Bridges was unknown to her.
Which brings me to wild card  which is that if evidence emerges showing that Judge Forrest *did* know that Force and/or Bridges provided evidence against Ulbricht, yet kept that information from the defense or from the court, that would likely amount to judicial misconduct.
The punishment for that type of misconduct would certainly not be exposure to civil liability in a lawsuit brought by Ulbricht. Again, immunity. The bar association could levy sanctions against her. But for criminal charges to arise, the degree of misconduct would have to be brazen, blatant, and shocking. (Such as, for example, in the case of Ciavarella.)
(Edited for various typos &amp; grammar, and clarification re. wrongful imprisonment compensation in PA)