@_author: ermagerd10percent
@_date: 2015-11-30 09:26:17
I don't. A simple test is to erase whichever 3 you think are the central controllers and look at it again. Still decentralized and distributed.
@_date: 2015-11-29 13:26:58
You seem to assume that having 100% security is the best option. In reality there is always a balance that takes into account convenience and practicality.
Do you live in an underground bunker with reinforced doors? No? Well shit, then your home is not 100% secure and this must be addressed!
@_date: 2015-11-26 13:44:25
Money is a difficult concept to grasp in general. Once you can fully grasp and understand what money and value are, it becomes easier to understand why Bitcoin is money.
At the very fundamental level, money is a way to represent value. Value is a very human construct. A dog would value a doggy treat way more than it would a gold bar for instance. However I should say that *realized value* is entirely dependent on human *culture*, and so obviously what humans value can and often does change over time.
So I do work that someone values. The person whom I do work for gives me a token that represents that value (i.e. dollars). What has happened is both parties (employer and employee) have basically come to an agreement that what I get paid is a fair wage for the work that I do. In reality you probably wish you got paid more, so this means you either ask for a raise or seek a better paying job. So if you're still continuing to work for a lower wage, you are essentially agreeing to it (even if you don't like it), because ultimately you've decided that it's better than getting paid nothing at all. But I digress.
So you get tokens (dollars) for doing work, and these tokens can be spent on things or services provided by others who have also done work. I buy an apple from the grocery store? Work was done to harvest that apple and bring it closer to me. I pay the electricity bill to power my computer? Work was done to generate that electricity and bring it to my house. If I value these things, I pay for them at a price I deem to be fair. Using tokens is an efficient way to trade and transfer value. Because I don't think the utility company accepts goats as payment.
Bitcoin uses a technology called "the blockchain" which you should really think of as a giant Excel spreadsheet showing where these tokens of value are sent since the beginning of Bitcoin. That's right. Every financial transaction in the decentralized global ledger that is the blockchain is an entry into the uncounterfeitable database since the beginning of Bitcoin. Every entry refers to another one and goes all the way back. This is the math problem we are solving. Miners perform a mathematical function called "hashing" that lump all transactions into a block, and that block refers to a previous block, and the previous block refers to the block before it and so on. Hashing works in that you cannot change one single bit of data in the blockchain without invalidating the entire thing. So I mathematically cannot try to edit the blockchain to make it say I own 1 million bitcoins instead of just 2. Such a forgery is rejected by consensus (miners and full nodes who verify the blockchain will ignore invalid entries and therefore render the alternate blockchain that you tried to forge as unrecognized and worthless).
So the only way to make a valid entry into the blockchain is to mine it according to the rules that the majority of the ecosystem agrees to. But say you control 60% of the hashing power. Then theoretically you could make up your own rules and do something nefarious. Fortunately miners all compete against each other to solve a block, and they are paid in Bitcoin for their work. Computationally it works out that it's easier and more profitable for miners to behave honestly and protect the blockchain rather than to try and attack it, and since they are paid and invested in the bitcoin ecosystem, they have a vested interest in not attacking the network.
If you want to learn more about the workings of Bitcoin, definitely learn more about proof of work, read Satoshi's white paper, and watch as many videos as you can. Khan Academy has some pretty good videos about Bitcoin, even if they are somewhat dated.
@_date: 2015-11-27 10:38:57
There is less risk for a merchant to accept a small zero-conf bitcoin transaction than there is to accept a credit card transaction. Also the former kind of transaction takes 60 minutes on average to settle, while the latter takes takes 30 *days*.
Nothing wrong with 0-conf at all from a merchant perspective.
@_date: 2015-11-24 13:41:10
You say that as if The Constitution is actually followed.
@_date: 2015-11-26 12:54:09
They're trying to force people to spend or invest their money rather than hold any cash. Low or negative interest rates devalue the currency and promote inflation. Why do it? To "stimulate" the economy and make the state's debts worth less.
Someday humanity is going to wake up and come to a realization that our global monetary system is a sham. It's a numbers game played by the banks and government. The money is not sound. When this realization finally happens, it will be pretty ugly. I honestly hope it does not happen for another decade. I am not ready for this.
@_date: 2015-11-26 14:05:39
Except for the fact that a single satoshi cannot buy you an entry into the blockchain. It's a worthless dust transaction that no one will mine.
@_date: 2015-11-30 09:33:53
Yeah fuck this guy for wanting to be an early pioneer in the future way of doing things!
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:55:28
I keep seeing this meme going around touting steganography being an alternative to encryption. That's laughable. Steganography is easily detectable when you know what to look for. It leaves a mark in the raw data of jpg files that looks like the exact opposite of random data.
It's like how people think they can be so clever when they make up "random" numbers when cheating on their taxes. But the IRS easily defeats this using some statistical analysis and a principle known as Benford's Law. Same sort of thing can be done to jpgs. If that information hidden in a jpg with steganography is not encrypted, then it's easily decoded and read.
It might actually be more practical to circumvent mass government surveillance by sending letters written in lemon juice by pigeon carrier.
@_date: 2015-11-27 10:30:38
Everyone who ever attempted to mine back in the day dug out their old computers to see if they had any bitcoin back in October/November 2013 when the price broke $1000. I don't care how much fucking weed you smoke, you're not going to be too forgetful and lazy to pay attention when that happened.
@_date: 2015-11-24 13:30:16
Wow you are so knowledgeable and insightful. Not only can you predict the future, but you have the uncanny ability to ignore evidence and paint your own version of reality. How do you do it?
@_date: 2015-11-27 10:20:53
What a shitty written article.


Steganography is not a replacement for encryption! Steganography is merely a way to obscure and hide your encryption. Fuck this steganography meme that is going around. If you try and hide a bitcoin private key in plaintext inside an image you are going to lose your bitcoin. Heed this warning now.
@_date: 2015-11-26 14:01:35
Wi Tu Lo
@_date: 2015-11-24 13:37:15
In all actuality 21's device mines such a piddly amount of bitcoin that it doesn't make much of a difference anyway.