@_author: ernelli
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:19:06
With the blockchain as a public trusted ledger where any possible information can be inscribed, we finally can create a true internet domain and certificate system that does not rely on any third party certificate authorities.
@_date: 2011-09-06 17:29:27
When checking [Mining Hardware Comparison]( one can see that CPU vs GPU performance is roughly 1:100, e.g the GPU is about 100 times more efficient, not accounting for power consumption or price of hardware.
So as long as there are 100 PC's connected to the Bitcoin network for each mining rig out there, there will be enough CPU power for mining that not even Google could take over the Bitcoin network.
The current network hashing rate is about 10-15'000 Ghash/s, e.g the fastest mining rig 6990x3 produces 2Ghash/s, so to take control of 50% of the current network, 7500 of those rigs are needed.
Now the Google comparision, suppose that Google has 1'000'000 servers, according to this page [How many servers does google have]( then at the ratio 100:1 about 750'000 servers are needed to compete with the current Hashrate of the Bitcoin network so not even Google can alter the blockchains fast enough to start double spending.
@_date: 2011-09-06 18:19:24
Sure, but still, to outcompete the current network capacity, the hardware requirements exceed even Googles current capacity.
So my argument is that when more people uses Bitcoin, more computers will be added to the network providing even more computation power. So mining rigs will be outcompeted by general computers doing hash computations on its idle time.
@_date: 2011-09-07 08:18:26
In response to both acrophobia and kdoto, assuming that Bitcoin becomes a stable currencty to rely on, which then would attract crooks to outcompete the existing BTC network, I think its a fallacy to both believe in BTC becoming large in terms of economic significance and at the same time small enough to easily outcompete.
It is not viable to run mining on anything less than a GPU/FPGA in terms of BTC/joule at the moment. But if BTC becomes a success, then millions of users will be connected daily to receive and transmitt transactions, large networks will provide computing power and storage to handle all the generation of blockchains. Note that with the current level of transactions, finding block hashes is the major task, but when the number of transactions grow it will also be costly to calculate merkle trees and provide storage for transactions.
So assuming that millions of users will run clients 24/7 and even more users will run clients to perform transactions briefly, a huge amount of computing power will be available at any time, so outcompeting that computing power even if you are Google will be hard.
Assume that BTC will become a standard currency, why wouldnt ARM, Intel, AMD etc to include hw support for SHA256? I do not believe that the GPU has the optimal hw structure for SHA256, its just the most efficient at the moment in terms of BTC/joule/price.
My point is that block-generation should be distributed to all participating users of the network, not just a few dedicated super nodes with special hardware and the value of the BTC should be be set by the mining cost, since that yield will diminish as more and more user participate in block generation.
@_date: 2011-08-12 13:09:37
Also, note that the system adapts the complexity to equal out the available computation power to be able to deliver one block/10 minutes. It doesnt mean that a certain amount of gigihash is required to solve a block, only that it should take approximately 10 minutes.
then of course the number of transactions per block will increase and thus the reward in solving the block increases.
The only problem as I see it is when transactions fees will be required, how will that work in the long run. Will transactions without fees ever be processed?
@_date: 2011-09-06 13:41:22
I believe in Micro donations as well. Mainly since it is so easy to implement. Especially when it comes to scalablity issues of popular websites. 
Which HTTP request do you serve first? The one with 0.001BTC supplied in the header or the one without?
When computing power is bought as a commodity, then that cost should be pushed towards the end-user. Its not walled-garden content, its oil to the machinery when demand exceeds available capacity.
Another area that may do well is public WiFi hotspots, share your wlan for BTC instead of connecting to a centralised system.
@_date: 2011-08-23 15:06:15
the blocksize does not affect the time it takes to solve a block, it only affects the amount of data stored in the blockchain.
Merkle hash-trees are used to ensure that any past transaction can be validated without needing the entire block, you only need to provide the partial data that contains your transacation and all the hash-tree nodes up to the top for that block.
In theory, the only data required to store in each node is the data needed to prove that transactions of interest for that node is valid.
No one can introduce spurious blocks in the block chain since all blocks are joined by hash-lists, e.g each new block includes the hash of the previous block etc.
@_date: 2011-08-12 13:19:59
The bitcoin network creates one new block every 10 minutes. Each block contains all transactions that has been posted since the last generated block (Or something like that). Each transaction has a sender and a receiver and a signature (using the senders private key).
To accept a transaction to be included in a block the sender must also have the amount bitcoins available from previous transactions (Requires a search through the transaction history).
Now each generated block also contains a 50BC reward to the one that first solves the block, as well as all the transaction fees included in the block. So initially a lot of bitcoins are generated out of nothing when each new block is generated.
Over time this 50BC reward will he halved until 21 million BC's has been generated, then the remaining blocks will only contain transactions of existing bitcoins and the reward will be the transaction fees.
The reward is needed to ensure that people engage in solving bitcoin hashes, otherwise no one would spend CPU and power doing that, at least initially when the number of participating users is low.
In the future, the use of mining rigs might not be needed, a lot of spare CPU is available in office PC's, connected devices so running the bitcoin network may not require any extra electricity consumption.
It's like the old SETI network where people participate in distributed number crunching instead of using dedicated supercomputers.
@_date: 2011-09-07 09:37:36
I know that running a client is not the same as being a miner, but I think it is a limitation that the BTC network will not work with clients only. In my opinion, any p2p technology that relies on dedicated servers or special "super-nodes" is vulnerable. For example bittorrent works best with trackers, but trackerless protocols has been developed and makes the bittorrent techonology more roboust.
I hope that the current situation where mining is handled by separate, dedicated nodes will eventually go away since it makes BTC vulnerable just as the OP stated and that the inventor of BTC must have adressed this issue. But currently, mining is done by special rigs with no other usage than mining for BTC. Of course the computing power offered could be used for other purposes such as distributed number crunching/computing so investments in mining rigs might pay back in the future even if BTC mining becomes unfeasible. E.g solve my large system of linear equations for 0.1BTC.
CPU power could overtake dedicated miners if the number of participating CPU miners exceed GPU miners by a factor 100. I think that is possible, since CPU mining will be available in all participating clients, but GPU mining is only provided by individuals that engage in the process. Its more likely that a future BTC user will skip unchecking the "[X] Participate in mining/block generation" during client install than set up space, power och build a mining rig in the basement.
I think power efficiency is only of interest when building a dedicated mining rig, not when you just let go of some unnused CPU on a desktop/office computer, mobile phone (assuming dedicated hw on chip), whatever that is always powered on. It works for bittorrent so why shouldnt it work for BTC?
@_date: 2011-08-22 12:43:56
In many areas, heating is required most of the year. So burning electricity to mine bitcoins may not be entirely wasteful.