@_author: erryeahno
@_date: 2017-12-28 12:15:29
I've only heard good things about monero which definitely peaks my interest. 
Yeah, I hesitate on taking risks but I've missed out on quite a few opportunities doing so. Some were good and bad. For now though, I don't know why it wasn't obvious to me before but I should just follow my current passion and see where it takes me. I mostly just hesitate because certain people around me are dead set that crypto is a bubble and even though I can logically justify why it's not, that doubt still exists even when they can't explain why it's a bubble other than intuition or predicting certain events to transpire that will cause crypto to fail. Main point is it seems like I'll stick to crypto for now and see what happens. Whether it turns out good or bad, I pay for the experience. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 11:55:55
I think you make a couple good points regarding BTC being difficult to understand for the average consumer and that some centralization will be required in order to gain more mainstream acceptance. But, I don't think that alone is strong enough argument for why BTC will fail eventually. 
After reading your link entirely, I fail to see how bitcoin or crypto is a bubble.Your main argument for bitcoin being a bubble is that when the whales dump that will be the end of that. If the price of bitcoin drops down drastically then the reaction will be to buy when it's low. All that happens when the whales dump is that bitcoin is more diversified. I highly doubt people will lose interest if bitcoin dropped super low all of a sudden. I could be wrong but based of analyzing human behavior, people are very greedy so my intuition is to think that people will take advantage of the opportunity of buying low priced BTC. In a way, the whales would be throwing away quite a bit of power.
Media hype definitely plays a role.
So what if a lot of mining power comes from China? BTC production will continue in other countries if all of China decides to stop their hardware. 
Also, what incentive do whales have of dumping all their BTC at once? You do realize they will get extreme diminishing returns? Wouldn't it be more lucrative to slowly withdraw the money over time? Also, I don't understand where the 2-6 month range comes from; is this intuition? 
I could be wrong and the price of BTC could crash but I highly doubt it would be from whales dumping. Something catastrophic would have to happen like a major exchange being hacked and losing everyone's crypto. 
I respect your opinion but I disagree with your premise for the reasons stated above. 