@_author: errydaymf0
@_date: 2016-04-18 18:04:05
Dollar amount is completely arbitrary and irrelevant.  Volatility is defined (both mathematically and by investment professionals) as percentage moves.  
Think about it for a second.  As an investor, if you put an equal dollar amount into bitcoin and litecoin, the effect of volatility on your wealth is determined purely by the percentage change.
@_date: 2016-04-11 14:52:14
Oh man, we can troll better than this.  Everyone knows that 90% of blockstream investment is in things that *compete* against bitcoin.  They only have 2 developers working full time on bitcoin projects.  They are far more likely to succeed if bitcoin fails.  You're giving us a bad name.  You gotta troll more realistically. 
@_date: 2016-04-11 21:54:15
Totally wrong for a bunch of reasons.
1.  Typical users have no reason to capitalize an LN channel.  Rather 99% of LN users will make use of channels capitalized by others (mostly big companies). 
2. The bitcoin blockchain remains available for large transactions.  You'll only need to trust a third party if you want the convenience of lower fees.  LN will be great for things like buying coffee.  If you want to move $10k, you can completely ignore it, it just might mean paying a $1 transaction fee.
3.  Really just a combination of the other two points - bitcoin loses absolutely none of its decentralization or censorship resistance by having a cheaper option laid on top of it.  Why would anyone care if their coffee purchases are monitored/censored?  Or rather, if they do care, they still have the choice of using bitcoin exactly the same as it is used now, just at a higher fee.
@_date: 2016-04-11 17:30:19
Neither will happen.  Banks have no interest in bitcoin as a currency.  They are simply taking the relevant parts of the tech and applying it to fiat via a bunch of other projects.  And while I don't like how much control blockstream has, I wouldn't call it "hijacking."
@_date: 2016-05-02 15:37:46
No, Peter Todd made it political by bringing up commit access (political power) in the context of something unrelated (judgement about whether Wright is Satoshi.)  Are you really naive enough to think it's a pure coincidence that someone who views Gavin as a political enemy would grab at any excuse to take power away from him?
@_date: 2016-05-05 18:00:02
Yea, I know.  Sucks when people call you out for childish whining )-:
@_date: 2016-05-02 14:48:35
Wrong.  Satoshi avoided *everyone* at that point and never said why.  You fail.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:44:58
You're drawing a bizarre assumption.  You're treating a negative choice as a positive one.  I think it's very likely that Gavin and Jon will tell the media they were fooled in the next couple months.  Having just been fooled and embarrassed by a complex and intricate fraud, don't you think it'd be smart to take a breath and collect facts/analysis before talking publicly again?  Why would either of them spout of publicly in haste?  Some people think in timespans greater than the daily reddit news cycle.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:27:18
This is simply untrue.  What you're referring to is a "debtor's prison."  Such prisons (where someone is put in jail for being unable to pay a debt, whether tax or otherwise) is illegal throughout the developed world.  There are many unemployed people in England and the US, and they are not put in jail for being unemployed.
Perhaps what you're referring to are taxes on unemployment benefits?  Surely you see the difference.  If someone is unemployed and not working at all, the government may indeed give them a free 10,000 pounds and then demand 20% of it back in taxes.  And indeed, if you refuse to give back 20% of what you just received, they may put you in jail.
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:47:48
This makes no sense.  If the real Satoshi didn't like what GA was doing, there are a hundred easier ways to discredit him than this incredibly complex and convoluted path.  And of course, Satoshi could have simply sent a private (signed) message to Gavin telling him to bugger off in such a way that the message would self-destruct (lots of ways to do this) such that the message would have no significance to anyone beyond Gavin.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:41:04
Personally I'm hoping Satoshi is Kate Upton.  Sexy, sexy Satoshi.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:28:29
Why?  How is bitcoin different in this regard, from say, gold?
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:21:06
You chose to pay people to educate you?  Poor, poor child.
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:41:29
You're misunderstanding where the value comes from and the concept of network effect.
The demand for cocaine does not originate from any network effect. In contrast, bitcoin's value is directly tied to how easily it can be converted into fiat and goods and services.  Also, when the government makes cocaine illegal, the supply is severely restricted, which is what causes the price spike.  The government can't influence the supply of bitcoins.
For example, facebook's value is almost entirely dependent on how many other people use facebook.  In contrast, a Honda Civic's value is derived primarily from its use in moving people around.  
The choice isn't between feeding a child or propping up a government.  It's a choice between being in jail or not.  If you don't pay your taxes you go to jail, and taxes can only be paid in fiat.  People can leave the US, but consider that almost no one changes countries for tax purposes.  People don't abandon their family, friends, neighbors, job, culture, language etc to avoid taxes, except with a minuscule number of exceptions.  Such movement has increased in the EU zone specifically because the EU made it super easy to migrate.  In the scenario we're talking about, the EU would be in on it.  So people would have to be willing to abandon the US for some remote island nation or a third world backwater.  Very few people want to do that.  In contrast, people with a little money generally choose to trade much of their wealth for the benefits of living in the very highest taxed areas - like NYC and London and San Francisco.
The real answer is that if the US gov banned bitcoin and only bitcoin, everyone would just switch to Dash or Ethereum and bitcoin would be almost instantly worthless.  If the gov banned all cryptos, then certainly a black market would persist, but supply would be unaffected while demand crashed.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:39:00
That's not what "illegal" means. 
 il·le·gal
contrary to or forbidden by law, especially criminal law.
@_date: 2016-05-05 20:21:05
But bitcoin also has practical application areas...bitcoin also has use case that drive its value.
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:17:53
Not at all.  The issue is that bitcoin's utility doesn't necessarily flow to token holders.  For example, much of Visa's utility flows to people who utilize a Visa credit card, not equityholders of Visa stock.  There are many industries that produce great value, but where the investors earn nothing because profits are competed down to zero.
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:12:44
World's reserve currency?  This suggests a really fundamental misunderstanding of the role of money.  Fiat has value because it's the only money you can legally pay your taxes in.  Governments have no incentive to change that, and there's no way to force them to change that.  As for riskiness - even if a crypto was destined to be the world's reserve currency, it's highly unlikely to be bitcoin, for the simple reason that the first entrant to a market is very rarely the last one standing because competition is fierce.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:50:03
Not all sociopaths are talented sociopaths.
@_date: 2016-05-03 22:00:41
I didn't know "wage slavery" was a distinct term.  According to google, "Wage slavery refers to a situation where a person's livelihood depends on wages or a salary, especially when the dependence is total and immediate."  The problem is that you're using it as a pejorative, and something specific to the "western world" or capitalism.  But it's really a state of nature.  Every human is born depending on some sort of externally provided food/shelter.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:20:16
Bitcoin's current largest two uses are 1. blackmarket purchases of illegal goods, and 2. avoiding government control of money (e.g. tax evasion, theft by politicians, illegally taking money outside of a country that has capital controls, etc).  Bitcoin costs governments much, much more than it can provide in taxes or value.  Most of the technological benefits of bitcoin can be provided via a fiat blockchain.  Governments will support those.
@_date: 2016-05-04 15:54:36
Are you saying you don't understand that money can be converted into food and shelter?
But more to the point - the key difference is that a slave lacks freedom.  A "wage slave" can change jobs whenever they want; they are totally free to go work for whoever will pay them the most, or they can start their own company, or buy farmland and live off of it.
@_date: 2016-05-04 15:57:58
You've got it backwards.  Inflation is a tax on the rich because it reduces the real value of dollar wealth.  Inflation helps the poor because it reduces the real value of their debt.  This is why populists like William Jennings Bryan wanted us to move from a gold standard to a silver standard, since the latter was inherently inflationary.  
Basically, debtors want high inflation, creditors want deflation.  
@_date: 2016-05-04 15:56:56
This is a phenomena known by many linguistic terms, I like "word degradation."  Basically, *any* word used to describe an unpleasant thing will eventually become societally taboo.  For example, "moron", "dumb", "stupid", and "daft", were all at some point used as medical terms similar to "retarded."  
Intelligent people can see through knee-jerk emotional taboos.  *Any* negative term for either mental or physical ability will offend *someone.*  
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:36:52
Not really.  Let's say he just hacked the USB drive of Kleiman.  He could've waited to make the announcement until after he had successfully hacked.  No signalling theory help here.
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:45:18
Why does decentralization effect anything?
Insider trading in commodities is a bet on changes in supply or demand.  In crude oil for example, there was a terrorist group in Nigeria that would buy crude oil futures and then blow up a major pipeline.  They reduced crude supply, sending the price higher, and profiting from the futures bets.  Alternatively, someone who is friends with Starbucks' CEO might know that Starbucks is planning a huge marketing campaign that will result in more coffee consumption.  That person can buy coffee futures as a bet on increased demand.
The same kinds of things apply in bitcoin.  If I know that a major announcement about bitcoin is about to happen that will increase demand (like LN will be released next week), I can buy up bitcoins before the news is public.  If I know that some Russian oligarch currently holds 100k bitcoins and is planning on selling shortly, I can sell ahead of the increase in supply.  If I know that Coinbase is about to close their doors, I can sell bitcoin ahead of the news, etc.
I don't see why decentralization has anything to do with anything. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 14:48:01
Uh no.  It's - Gavin was given commit access by Satoshi, and has never used it irresponsibly.  Gavin has been a major contributor to foundation of bitcoin.  Taking away his commit access is a clear political move motivated by his disagreements with Core.
@_date: 2016-05-02 17:43:10
If you think about your statement for a minute, you'll realize it's nonsensical.
"Legitimacy" in a political context refers to public perception.  By definition, most of the public (including technical experts among them) are not capable of differentiating between contradictory views held by the most advanced programmers.  If Adam Back and Gregory Maxwell disagree on a highly technical issue, there are very few people on the planet capable of determining which of them may be right.
To use an analogy - imagine if 2 of the world's top neurosurgeons were debating which surgical approach was best.  Each had a ton of hard evidence and other experts to agree with them.  What hope would you or I have of determining which one was right?
So when the bitcoin public sees two bitcoin developers debating a technical point, we're highly unlikely to be able to differentiate between the two developers on technical merit.  Our understanding of the disagreement will likely be superficial and misleading.  If I think I see an obvious flaw in gregory maxwell's proposed architecture, it's much more likely that I'm misunderstanding him.  So instead we rely on reputation.  I haven't personally reviewed Maxwell's code line by line, but I trust that he's one of the top bitcoin developers based on reputation, snippets of his that I have read, and his long peer-reviewed history as a contributor.  Similarly, if the creator of bitcoin deemed Gavin a worthy technical expert and person of the highest integrity, that will weigh heavily on my opinion of Gavin.  For me to read Gavin's code line by line and say, "Gavin sucks as a programmer" would suggest that I have a deeper understanding of the coding of bitcoin than Satoshi did (or maybe that Gavin became a much worse programmer over time etc).
@_date: 2016-05-03 20:53:39
"wage slave" is a retarded term.  Mostly the same professions would exist in any anarchist fantasy world.
@_date: 2016-05-05 16:40:44
You were whining about having to pay for an education.  I pointed out that you were doing that...and you tell me to grow up?  Lol.
When kids mature into adults, they generally stop whining about having to pay people for goods/services.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:44:02
What specialized financial knowledge did Satoshi ever exhibit?  I agree that he showed general insight into economics and finance (as Nick Szabo has in many essays), but nothing to suggest to me that he had any applied expertise.  Source: work in finance
@_date: 2016-05-02 16:29:38
If you think it's not...lol.
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:16:35
Commodities never have underlying earnings.  Insider trading is just based on knowledge of either major news announcements (which never go away by the way; crude oil is pretty darn mainstream, yet there's market moving news about crude every week), or knowledge of what whales will do.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 20:01:50
You're not thinking this through.  We all make quick assessments based on limited evidence and analysis.  That's wonderful.  But before acting in a major way (like making a major PR announcement), we generally want a much higher level of evidence and analysis.
The CR saga is bizarre in a lot of ways, with no fully satisfactory answers that I've seen.  We know he made some very simple "mistakes" when pretending to provide his identity.  At least some of those mistakes appear intentional.  If Craig is going to these great lengths to avoid tax trouble in Australia, why would he deliberately undermine his own case?  Why a couple days ago did he tell the BBC to transfer 5 pounds worth of BTC to an early block address and tell them he was about to move those coins, if he knew he'd be unable to?  
If Gavin has no information beyond what he's already said publicly, then he's probably thinking that he was likely the victim of a simple sleight of hand.  But he can't know for sure exactly how he (and other bitcoin experts) was fooled, and there's so much uncertainty and complexity surrounding the issue that he can't really say much with authority in a press release.  Why not wait a little bit for additional evidence or analysis to come to light?  All Gavin actually knows at this point is that the demonstration made to him was faked in some way.
@_date: 2016-05-04 16:00:10
If you choose to take on debt to get a degree to impress other people like yourself, that's your choice and theirs.  There are many alternatives.  Start your own company, provide useful goods and services, etc.  There are many millionaires who never went to college.  Especially today, this is much easier than ever before.  Any person of average intelligence can teach themselves to create an app for example.  If you create and market a useful app, no one cares where you went to school or what degrees you have.  You'll get rich if people value your product.  
Today, all of human knowledge is available for free in various forms (wikipedia, library of congress, khan academy, MIT open courseware.)  No debt necessary.
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:17:09
An equity is worth the present value of *all* future cash flows.  An infinite number of future cash flows.  So it's correct for Tesla to include value for cars it will sell in 10, 20, even 50 years.  The cars sold in the distant future are valued much less though, because they are discounted over a long period of time.
In contrast, bitcoin produces zero cash flows.  It's value is entirely dependent on you eventually finding a "greater fool" to sell to.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:26:29
"I'd argue Bitcoin's value is tied to demand from people who think the price will rise relative to their local currency. "
Agreed, but the question is *why* do people think the price will rise?  People who buy Microsoft stock of course think the stock price will go up because they think demand for the stock will rise.  But that doesn't really tell us anything.  *why* will demand for microsoft stock rise in the future?  The current buyer may be betting that their earnings increase because they release an awesome new product, or maybe that they'll cut their expenses very effectively etc.  
The tax issue is important because it is what ensures that fiat will remain the primary reserve currency.  It guarantees a great deal of constant demand for fiat that simply can't go away.  
Currency is not primarily a store of value.  It's primary role is to facilitate transactions.  Very few people store wealth as currency.  The vast, vast, majority of wealth is stored as real estate, equity investments, or debt investments, and to a much lesser extent, as commodities like gold.  I'm an investor and we never talk about cash as a store of value; for that we would always prefer some combination of sovereign debt (possibly inflation-protected like TIPs), and maybe gold.  We only ever hold cash for 1. short-term liquidity purposes, and 2. in really rare cases where sovereign debt is yielding zero (as it is now).  I agree that bitcoin is becoming an interesting alternative primarily to gold, and also to very low-yielding sovereign debt from an investment perspective.  The main reason to own bitcoin from my view though, is legal reasons - I don't have to fear my assets being frozen or stolen or confiscated via civil asset forfeiture or the like if they're in bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-03 22:23:23
Right, so it's your implication and conclusion that I disagree with.
The wages you're complaining about are actually higher than the wages that would prevail in an anarchic state.  Wages are set by supply and demand (often very low), then the state gets involved to raise them via things like minimum wage and collective bargaining protections.  
Most people throughout human history have lived harvest to harvest or paycheck to paycheck.  Fewer do under capitalism today than at any time in human history.  The "anymore" is nonsense.  People are more economically free today than at any point in human history.  Heck, you can even change countries fairly easily today (if you're lucky enough to live in a western developed country).  A worker in France can now move to Italy or Germany and work there quite easily.  Don't like your employer?  There are literally tens of thousands of other employers out there competing to hire talent.  Surely you can find one who will pay you what you're worth.
And there is no "employers" as a group.  Every employer is competing with every other employer for the talent that can contribute most to profits.  Everyone is free to ditch their employer and accept a better off at any time.  If someone can't find a better off anywhere else, it's because they're already being paid as much as their work is worth to *anyone.*  This last point is important - in a competitive market place, you're not paid what your work is worth on average, you're paid what your work is worth *to the person/company it's worth the absolute most to.*  So for example, an engineer with zero people skills and horrible body odor might be worth nothing in most companies, but there's probably some niche out there where he can add a lot of value and his lack of social graces will be tolerated and he'll earn a decent living.  The burden is on him to seek out that niche.
The reason wages for low-skilled jobs have been stagnant (or even falling) is simply technology.  It's insane to think that someone should be paid $25k+ a year to push a picture of a chicken on a McDonald's cash register, or to stack scarves on a rack at a clothing store or perform customer service purely off of a script.  .  Most of those jobs will be totally eliminated in the next 10 years because they can be done better &amp; faster &amp; cheaper by robots and algorithms.
@_date: 2016-05-02 17:10:11
What do you think *is* political power in the bitcoin world?
Whenever there's a blocksize debate, people always bring up that Satoshi gave Gavin commit access; it's a major source of Gavin's legitimacy, and as anyone who's studied (or even thought about) political science knows, legitimacy is the primary source of political power.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:30:01
That's not slavery.  As human beings we need food and shelter.  A free man is free to pursue food and shelter however he wishes.  He can go to work for one of the many thousands of employers, start his own business, engage in barter, etc.  Under any political or economic system, *everyone* needs food and shelter, and must find some way to procure it.  If people are free, they can procure it however they wish.  If they are slaves, they are obligated to procure it by working for one particular employer.
@_date: 2016-05-09 15:35:52
This is both logically and empirically false.  The creation of debt is often inversely correlated to inflation.  It depends largely on why the debt is being created and what the money is being spent on.  Very often countries create the most debt in *deflationary* scenarios to fight severe recession and because tax revenues fall during recessions.
The lenders have locked in rates and so are tremendously hurt by inflation.  Let's say I buy a 5-year corporate bond yielding 6% when inflation is running at 2%.  The next day inflation jumps to 7% and bond yields jump to 11%.  The price of my bond will likely fall by 25%, so I'll have an immediate huge mark to market loss, and I'll now be losing money on the investment because my cashflows are less than inflation.
You literally have it exactly backwards.  Inflation hurts rich lenders and helps poor borrowers.
@_date: 2016-05-09 15:58:29
The odds are zero of bitcoin (or any other non-government developed crypto) becoming a dominant payment network, for the simple reason that no major government will accept it for tax and spending purposes.  Why would they?  I'd also note that bitcoin is awful (from a crypto architecture perspective) for that purpose.  Something like DASH (or more likely a crypto that hasn't been created yet) would have much better software architecture to serve as a global payment network.
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:15:41
What would bitcoin be worth if tomorrow the US, EU, and China all announced that anyone caught transaction, distributing, or storing bitcoin would be sentenced to life in prison?  Quick answer - near zero.  Not many people are willing to abandon their lives and jobs to move to the Cayman islands just so they can use bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:22:20
I'm not sure I understand your point.  Why can't insider trading apply to bitcoin?  People accuse Mike Hearn and Craig Wright of shorting bitcoin before making their respective pronouncements for example.  Adam Back could put on a big bitcoin bet a day before announcing some major innovation, etc.  I think bitcoin is very similar to any other commodity in this regard.
@_date: 2016-05-02 16:37:53
You don't have time for people who can make simple connections between ideas based on logic and evidence?  You're posting on a bitcoin forum on reddit...somehow I find your lack of time hard to believe.  
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:14:18
Frontrunning has nothing to do with the asset itself, it's always about the exchange.  There's not inherently connected to frontrunning about an equity or a commodity either.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:46:25
They asked for verifiable proof and CW gave them what he gave them instead, so they offered an opinion based on what they had.  Gavin has already publicly said he thought that CW was going to publicly publish a cryptographic signing from an early block at the same time the news articles went public.
@_date: 2016-05-09 15:57:04
Value is always subjective in that the future is unknowable.  BUT, it's worth distinguishing between two types of subjective.
There is a rough consensus on how to convert future cash flows for a stock or bond into a current "fair" value.  Investors will disagree about those future cash flows (which are dependent on the economy, management decisions etc), but mostly agree on the methodology to turn those uncertain cash flows into a current price.
In contrast, there is no such methodology for gold or bitcoin.  There is no basis for a fair value besides what people are willing to pay for it.  Any discussion of fair value ultimately comes down to what we think other people will think the fair value is.