@_author: ertaipavlov
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:37:31
Unless profit-taking occurs, that doesn't sound far from the truth.
@_date: 2014-11-12 05:22:04
I understand and agree with you. However, traders and investors today may (as I mentioned above, I am a mere college student!) look at it in a frame of mind more akin to other investments. To them, bitcoin is just like any other investments in that one has to balance the considerable potential profits with the risk. As profit taking is a far from unknown practice in the other investments in which these investors may be familiar, I do not believe it to be a wild conjecture to consider the possibility that this could occur. I'm sure that the vast majority of us are believers in the potential use of Bitcoin as a currency, and for us, this statement most certainly holds true.
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:39:44
Hey: can anyone see my candy bar store "Taste of America" that I just set up? 
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:01:21
The guys on Wall Street are pretty smart; they recognize what Bitcoin could be, and the guys at Sales and Trading desks certainly recognize it for what it is. The thing is that it is a difficult investment to sell to institutional investors, which make up the S&amp;T desks' (think Gordon Gekko and pals) customers. Proprietary trading firms that can invest their own capital instead of taking orders from pensions and large funds are already in Bitcoin, but they typically limit holdings to be cognizant of risk.
@_date: 2014-11-12 05:17:35
I wouldn't dismiss the likelihood that prop trading firms, which by nature have no impetus to actually disclose anything, have some side bets on bitcoin. That's why I said that holdings are limited by risk. They are not significant though. I will also readily admit that I'm a college student, but I held an internship at an S&amp;T desk at a smaller bank and, while that desk was solely agency and thus didn't deal with bitcoin, prop trading works with a wide swath of potential investments.  I could be wrong, but since everyone on this site seems to pass off significantly more... interesting ideas than "private investors invest in bitcoin" all the time, I didn't feel the need to qualify my post with a disclaimer for the benefit of the reading public, and I apologize if it was necessary. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 16:59:14
I usually lurk, but here's a brief explanation of the state of OpenBazaar right now, as it pertains to ease-of-use: 
Right now, it's pretty straightforward to use, maybe not for the general public, but for a "power user" audience. Assuming you're on Windows, it's as easy to use as simply downloading and installing pgp4win, a cryptography suite, and then downloading, extracting, and running the executable. It then pops open a web browser UI in your default browser that operates in much the same way as eBay or Amazon; you can search by keywords or select stores from the right. Go to "Settings" to set yourself up with a name and a password, and you can go to "Contracts" to list things. You have to keep the program running on your computer though; the web browser really just points to a local page.
Soon, it should be as easy as running an installer like any other Windows program and then opening the client. Eventually, I feel Electrum-like web clients will be developed, but currently the work is focusing on getting the reference client to feature completion. Currently, you can buy and sell, as well as message, but not much else. In, say, two years, it might be as easy as going to openbazaar.org or something like that, or an onion site if you want to buy drugs/guns/whatever.