@_author: eschatonic
@_date: 2014-01-04 22:22:37
Services provided in an area have external effects beyond the actual direct provision. For example, if a private security firm polices a neighbourhood, the nearby neighbourhoods benefit when they catch criminals, despite not directly funding the security contract. Similar things happen with the fire department (saving one house from burning down also stops the fire spreading), transportation (building a road means that businesses on each end benefit from more traffic), healthcare provision (preventing epidemics through herd immunity), just as a few quick examples.
This is known in economics as an "externality" and is the core reason why the free market doesn't actually work optimally, since the free market will under- or over-provide based on the natural market equilibria taking into account the private costs and benefits. You cannot help but benefit from these services and you cannot prevent specific people from taking advantage of them, hence why they are termed "non-excludable".
@_date: 2014-01-05 00:41:40
Well, you haven't actually addressed the underlying point behind taxation being a way to correct for market failure, but let's break down your ideas point by point.
Private security forces exist alongside public forces because it is possible to capture some market demand, rather than because security services are being underprovided at the market level. It's obvious marginal benefit of private security would indeed rise on removing police forces, since you'd be massively reducing the positive externalities generated by the public force. What is clear though is that the marginal private benefit won't rise enough to fully encapsuate the public benefit and security will therefore be unprovided.
This also goes for the idea of privately owned fire stations, with the additional note that an insurance system would doubly underfund a fire service, since the insurer's costs will not be the same as society's.
With regards to road construction, it's not possible for a private firm to capture all returns from the road because it's not simply a case of buying adjoining land. The benefit accrues not only to those who use the road, but to those who benefit from those who benefit from using the road, and so forth (put simplistically, this could be viewed as an effect of the money cycle). Infrastructure cannot be viewed in a vacuum since it tends to have multiplicative effects on other factors.
I'm just going to skip past the healthcare one if that's okay, as it's clear you haven't thought it through and discussing it isn't going to advance the conversation very much.
Returning to the more general principle: the free market naturally leads to market failure because it cannot effectively internalise externalities. The free market would significantly underprovide almost every public good, from education, to healthcare, to infrastructure, to security, and more. The major issue with your post was that when you said you wanted to only pay for certain services, you were ignoring the fact that you were benefiting from other services whether you chose to or not (that is, you are a free rider), and that you are a victim of incomplete and asymmetric information about the costs and benefits of those services to you.
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:49:31
The problem comes when you start using services provided by Alabama but only pay for services provided by New Hampshire. Public goods by definition are non-excludable, and the free market doesn't correct for externalities.