@_author: esdraelon
@_date: 2018-05-08 17:58:04
I had the same thought.
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:22:41
There have also been long periods of deflationary growth. The most successful growth decades in US history were during a period of deflation. Deflation encourages savings, savings drive investment. Investment drives business growth and increases wages by improving the capital used by labor.
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:23:36






@_date: 2018-10-12 21:29:11
Hazlitt. Economics in One Lesson
Rothbard. What Has Government Done to Our Money?
@_date: 2018-10-12 19:19:32
Mises here is talking about two related concepts: autarky and cartelized banking.  
Autarky is an economic model that advocates or describes a system in which a nation is entirely self-sustaining (no external ties). In this case, most nationalists are largely advocates of autarky. For instance, Trumpian economic policies advocate autarky as a form of nationalist agenda. The problem is that most economies benefit significantly from a process called comparative advantage (or Ricardian comparative advantage), and are improved internally even when trading with foreign partners that have an absolute disadvantage in production. Because the economic benefits of trade are so obvious, it is difficult for the nationalist who advocates autarky to convince the other economic actors in the nation to stop trading.  
When there is literally a "gold standard" for currency, it becomes virtually impossible to prevent trade - gold is a universally acceptable media of exchange. As a "solution" to enforce autarky, a nationalist regime will institute a fiat currency that requires government exchanges for foreign trade (China famously did this for decades). Additionally, the fiat currency becomes susceptible to currency manipulation to help drive out black market actors. Fiat currencies are usually created during economic crisis and enforced with valid tender laws.  
The second notion has to do with credit-issued fiduciary media. In a modern economy most fiduciary media (money) is really the issue of credit from private institutions. For instance, when you shop with a credit card, you are issued cash-as-credit. Even shopping with a debit card results in a 24-72 hour credit window against your bank. So, most "money" is really credit issued by one institution to pay another, where you (the buyer) determine when and how the credit is issued. A 100% specie economy would actually trade the fixed fiduciary media (gold). That was historically relatively uncommon, since it was inconvenient except for small quantities. Instead, banks would issue bailments for specific quantities of specie. These bailments were "paper money" that were technically redeemable in a fixed quantity of specie at the issuing institution at any time. The quantities were denoted in mass (weights). For instance, a dollar was originally defined as 1/20th of a troy ounce of gold.  
Moving along, the second item addressed by Mises is banking cartelization. Under fiat currencies, the most benefit to inflation via credit expansion of the monetary supply goes to the first issuer of the credit. As the new money issued under credit circulates, inflation unwinds the value of the additional currency, so that subsequent users of the new money get gradually less benefit. The last users of the new money usually suffer from a relative loss, as they had to pay for marginal prices under the new issuance, but without access to the new income.   
Under free banking (no cartelization), the credit issue of fiduciary media is checked by "calls" from other banks. If one bank over issues credit (or fiat currency claims on real specie), then other banks are in a position to gather up these credit claims and create a run on the over-subscribed bank. This occurred not irregularly in the US during the 19th century, but most aggressively in China where nightly runs would be effected as hostile takeovers. Basically, banks would keep each other check because you could easily buy your competitors out by buying up their issues at less than par.  
A cartelized scheme whereby a central authority (government) regulates the credit expansion of fiduciary media solves this problem neatly for established banks. All the banks are required to issue credit expansions of currency at the same rate (or be left behind by the central bank), and none are allowed (technically) to over-issue. There are gaps in this method, such as the CDAs and credit swaps that were "off-books" prior to the great recession.  
The result of which is that established banks can issue new credit (fiat) currency, deriving economic benefit from that new issue, without have to risk being destabilized by non-participating banks in the new-issue scheme.  
Since the vast majority of money users are fleeced by new issues (particularly savers), Mises found the cartel schemes objectionable. There are also other economic ramifications, for instance the risk of exacerbating or creating a boom-bust cycle in the market outside of normal cyclic activity.
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:25:42
In his defense, Bitcoin is a purely deflationary fiduciary instrument.  Anyone bought into Bitcoin as a monetary instrument had better believe that rock-steady deflationary media is the way to go based on existing theory, or come up with a new theory to explain it.
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:20:22
I don't believe there is good evidence for that.
The Great Depression was a result of credit policies undertaken to finance Word War I. The result of those credit policies was to create a divergence in reserves between the fiduciary media (paper money) and the gold reserve designed to underwrite it (specie).  
When the inflationary bubble broke in 1921 and again in 1929 under the Federal Reserve, it was not due to the gold standard, but instead to market corrections due to misallocations of resources under the credit expansion during the war.  
Bad government policy after '29 (especially Hoover's $2 Billion bailout of commercial interests via the RFC in 1932) resulted in long-term liquidity difficulties, exacerbated by a classic application of Gresham's law - particularly when the dollar was devalued to 1/35th of an ounce in 1934. This devaluation was a recognition of really terrible monetary management (mostly the result of the war and bad fiscal policy during the 20s), and did nothing to help induce confidence in paper monies. It resulted in runs on the bank and a flight of currency from the market.  
In either case, the gold window was not closed by Nixon until 1971. So, it does not follow that the gold standard caused the depression, because there was no depression prior to 1929 or after 1946. There are too many decades and centuries of good gold standard economy to place the blame for the depression on that one factor. The correlation does not hold, and so it cannot be a causal factor.
@_date: 2018-10-13 01:12:03
I'm familiar with the arguments, but that is a well-stated article, thank you for the reference.  
I will however say that there seems to be clear cherry-picking of the data in the article. For instance, as I pointed out, if we consider the de facto gold standard, it basically ended somewhere between 1914 and 1918, when the US stopped enforcing it in order to finance WW 1. The author himself notes that the standard resumed in the 1920s, but this merely subjected those economies to all the errors of Gresham's law and unfettered post-inflationary contraction, since the currency was pegged at an unrealistic valuation.  
The author attributes the 1913 to 1933 period to gold, but does not attribute the 1933 to 1971 period to "not gold". If the gold standard became unhinged during WW 1, it seems fair to either move the gold standard period back to 1914, or attribute the post-gold-standard data from 1933 onward. Why include one set, but exclude the other?   
It seems disingenuous to attribute the 20 year period leading up to the closing of the gold window in 1933 to the "gold standard", when it was exactly the undermining of the standard in that period that cause the gold window to shutter, and was also incipient in the economic gyrations of the same period. Additionally, the post-war gold standard started earlier than the 1880 date. There was nearly 40 years of high growth and relatively steady deflation at the end of the 19th century. Eliminating decades that are contra-indicative are further evidence of cherry picking.  
In either case, you can't set the toaster on high, then blame it for burning the toast. Lacking the political will to enforce a standard in the post-war era was not the fault of the standard. One of the reasons the Fed became the arbiter of the currency was exactly because the government could not be entrusted with the management of the currency.  
Finally, the article fails to entertain the notion of regionality in recessions prior to 1913. Prior to 1913, recessions and depressions were largely regional affairs. Some of that had to do with the largely agrarian economy, but some of it can be laid at the feet of coordinated inflationary policy. Clearly, however, the author is correct in ascertaining that there were more recessions prior to Fed intervention that after, on a national level.   
I would like to see the numbers in this article rerun with a more fair set of assumptions. Either move the post-gold era back to 1933, or move the gold-era back to 1913; the period of 1913 - 1971 being a transitional period that clearly did not work.  
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:08:03
The quote argues that there are two groups (nationalists and bankers or "easy money men") who prefer fiat over gold.