@_author: esperzombies
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:33:03
I suppose you're right, it's feasible for a blockchain developer to make a "tangle" (or whatever arbitrary name we want to give the hypothetical entirely new protocol) and start it off with the ledger from a state of the old blockchain ... it's essentially an entirely different coin in structure and I was viewing it as such, but I guess that doesn't matter and that the essence of a coin isn't the rules or the structure but the ledger itself. 
Given unbounded time though, I still find it highly unlikely that any one development group will be dominant forever in an open and competitive crypto-coin marketplace ... and with there being no institutional insurance to a decentralized system, all coins are susceptible to a "bank run" situation where the herd gets out of an old coin that is lagging behind in features to get into a new and fashionably rising coin.
Either way, this idea of copying ledgers from old coins to completely new coins raises further concern for me about the lack of permanence to the future for any coin we may want to hold ... all promises of today's coin of being inflationary or deflationary or anonymous or open are not bound by anything more than a continuing shared agreement at any period of time ... and all I still see are serious issues with the idea of ever semi-permanently holding any coin.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:33:01
But we're not talking about upgrades at that point, we're talking about the development of completely different/incompatible architectures.
There comes a point where you just have to start from scratch to build something new.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:49:30
My biggest problem with **ALL** cryptocurrencies as a semi-permanent store in value after the market reaches maturity and digital coins are commonly used is that there is little stopping any of them from eventually falling to the the rise of a new standard.
Technology changes/improves, better currencies will be made, and the population will move to better and better currencies over time.
For the sake of discussion, say Iota actually delivers on their promise of scalability and speed and that platform becomes dominant and all blockchains are abandoned in 15 years or so for "tangles" (I currently have a nominal $100 bet on this for full disclosure) ... that's still going to be only a temporary supremacy until something better than a "tangle" is eventually developed and then all tangles are abandoned for some new shiny system.
Everyone is trying to find the VHS winners out of the Betamax losers, but both eventually lost to the DVD, and the DVD is in the process of losing to digital distribution services (which will eventually lose to something else).