@_author: esper256
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:41:48
I wouldn't be surprised if the data showed an increase in the word's usage.
Words are cheap, actions are expensive. I find that typically if someone is going to act in a way that removes freedoms, they will balance it with increased lip service about how important freedom is.
I imagine someone protecting freedom would have to make lots of claims about the importance of accountability. With freedom comes the need for personal responsibility, etc.
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:21:04
Yes it is. You have a competitive marketplace of escrow / trust brokers. Who deploy different methods and algorithms to detect scammy buyers and to maintain a history of reputations. That way you don't need a one size fits all solution that can't be flawless in every case. You have a multitude of solutions where for any given use case, one of which one is ideal.
@_date: 2015-01-17 02:26:48
Yes the bullshitters and sacred cow owners of the world will fight it tooth and nail. They will fight it on its rise if they are self-aware to understand their own bullshit. Or, if they are totally wrapped up in their own lies, they will begin to fight them after they rise to prominence. They will cling to the notion that the prediction markets are wrong and dangerous in spite of real world results that contradict that stance.
On another note, I clicked through to the "6 slides that explain truth coin". It might be one of the worst presentations I've ever seen. Decentralized technological inventions should stick to white papers.
@_date: 2015-04-11 05:44:23
Then they're still using a service. Just one where they download an exe and ran it and then handed it all of their private keys hoping that the software authors don't relay them over the internet.
And if you think granny is going to build some PC without a network card and store it in a locked closet and generate private keys on it using a wallet she compiled herself just after reviewing the source code you are fooling yourself.
People will use services to house and transmit their liquid bitcoin. But before you scream bloody murder, remember that most likely, these services will still tell you what address your funds are in. This will making fractional reserve banking essentially optional, and government seizure impossible courtesy of the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:39:42
100% of all currency != 100% of all wealth.
@_date: 2015-04-11 06:07:20


I'm guessing she laughed at you for the same reason someone would have called you a "denier" if you had posed a critical thought about Mann et al. It's part of people's identities now. Bitcoin is some technological thing that just about everyone doesn't understand beyond being told that it is part of the ethos of some fringe "nutjobs". Real criticism like "volatile price" or others, if mentioned would just be parroting what was heard on some CNBC news hour.
I recommend bringing it up. It's good practice. You'll be dealing with people who don't think different your entire life. Try to avoid explaining bitcoin, just start by asking questions to see what she knows. It should become obvious immediately that she only has 3rd hand knowledge from extremely biased sources. If you ask the right questions and expose ignorance it's important to remain extremely humble to counterbalance things.
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:39:44
Sounds like you might be thinking of something like this:
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:03:26
Not really. Typical implementation of 2 or 3 multisig is that the remote party has 2 of the signatures, but one of them is protected by a user held password.
However, how does a user transact? By typing in their password on the 3rd parties website and the 3rd party pinky swearing to not let the password escape the web site.
As soon as they are compromised, a website alteration is uploaded that steals the password. Or users create weak passwords and are brute forced.
I have complained about this kind of thing to LastPass and others, but nobody seems to take this seriously. Everyone is ok with training their users to type their password into a PasswordField on some web page.