@_author: esperantoyeahm8
@_date: 2015-07-25 16:24:07
But iPhones are just among the many smart phones. They are not a unique invention in their own category like email and cars. Bitcoin is in its own unique category. We live in the information age. If some amazing idea gets published somewhere, it'll come to fruition. That is, if it's something that people can easily adopt. If it's difficult for people to adopt, governments will probably stamp down on it, because governments are more interested in self-preservation than revolutionary ideas. If it's easy to adopt, governments will have trouble doing anything about it. Bitcoin seems to me relatively easy to adopt, like cars, and email.
Please name one example of a revolutionary invention, which had no successful rival, which is easy for people to adopt, in recent history. Because to be honest I do find it hard to believe that history is littered with such cases.
@_date: 2015-07-31 04:10:04
It possibly is, as Google Analytics I think works by comparing the popularity of that search to all other searches. So if internet use is growing in Greece, it would make the 2015 spike appear smaller when it is actually bigger.
@_date: 2015-08-23 13:29:06
Because people began to suspect that they were operating a fractional reserve, without any regulations, in a foreign country. Many people tried to withdraw their fiat money from MtGox, but there were increasing reports of people waiting for long periods of time. The community became suspicious of MtGox, so many people started using whatever fiat they had on the website to buy bitcoins, hoping they would be able to withdraw them more easily. This lead to many people taking bitcoins off the website, while demand for bitcoins continued to rise. However, people weren't buying bitcoins because they really wanted them. They primarily wanted to sell them back for fiat, through other channels. The problem is MtGox had 80% of the exchange volume at the time, so people couldn't sell their bitcoins all at once. This lead to the price of bitcoin being artificially pumped up, basically. 