@_author: esp-research
@_date: 2018-11-29 12:21:40
Honestly, I have seen nothing truly interesting yet that I can comment on.
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:39:20
@_date: 2018-11-29 13:11:17
Thanks for your question. I think I can divide the answer in two parts. (1) How likely is that government will take actions against open decentralized networks, Bitcoin, including those that you list? (2) How likely is that a government-sponsored cryptocurrency successfully compete against Bitcoin?
About (1), if bitcoin gains wider adoption and economic traction, I do expect governments to react and design different types of attacks, legal and technological. What the specific sequence of attacks will be like, it is difficult to say. Right now, they prosecute bitcoin holders if they do not pay taxes on capital gains. I expect in the near future some governments to prosecute bitcoin holders if they fail to report their holdings in the first place. Eventually, some can try to penalize holdings directly. Actions will be taken against miners too. One can intuitively sense that all the talk against bitcoin from the environmental viewpoint will end with either taxes or outright actions to close mining farms. Isolated national actions though face serious limitations. Although some collective actions could be envisioned to come from, say, some future G20 meeting, like the one taking place now, those agreements are rarely effective. The game theory of these issues is complex and multiple equilibria could be envisioned in the short to medium term.
About (2), I am not so worried. The value of bitcoin as I see it comes from sources such as censorship resistance, peer-to-peer design and free entry, and hard limits on the supply. No matter what network systems governments propose, those features will be lacking. The idea of central bank cryptocurrencies is in that sense an oxymoron. What they can try to do, and will likely do, is to eliminate cash, increasing the potential reach of surveillance to all transactions. But that action line is likely to increase the demand for bitcoin substantially.         
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:41:49
The paper does not offer any direct investment advice. Rather, it offers a set of tools and insights to analyze the bitcoin economy that anyone can exploit to implement prediction models. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:56:39
Thanks for your comment. I share your concerns about the misuse of market cap. Although I do not address that particular issue in this paper, that is one question I plan to write more about. You can follow me for some updates soon   
@_date: 2018-11-29 14:12:48
To clarify, those graphs correspond to illustrative simulated price paths over a 4-year period, they do not represent expected values in 2022. They serve the purpose of illustrating possible dynamics based on the interaction between the components of the structural pricing model.  
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:36:59
I thank you for the links. I am very excited about the developments related to the lightning network indeed. In the model it does not play an expliti role yet. However, you could see the introduction of the LN as a change in the f(*) function that captures the value of network effects, making them stronger.
One subtle point is that, when agents hold bitcoins both for transactions and as an asset, that is they forecast their resale value, stronger network effects can lead to lower prices (some dynamics are shown in Section 8). Intuitively, if the network is more useful and efficient to facilitate commerce, agent demand weaker appreciation to bear the risk of holding the same bitcoins. They are happy with a lower return so to speak.
On the other hand, if agents do not actively forecast resale value, if they have myopic expectations, stronger network effects from LN increase the price of the tokens. 
An additional effect to take into account is that stronger effects today can foster stronger participation tomorrow, with a positive effect on price given a fixed supply of bitcoins. 
How strong is each individual force is a question that could be explored quantitatively using an empirical implementation.    
@_date: 2018-11-28 15:26:02
Hi there, about your questions:
1- I do not see that happening. Such cryptocurrency would have to be based on an entirely different consensus algorithm. And if a fork were not possible, my intuition is that it would be a centralized system. Moreover, with forks or not, there is free entry of coins. Currently we have &gt;2000, and bitcoin dominance is still &gt;50%. 
2- In the paper there is one network where all players interact. Forks are of course important, but I have not yet modeled the incentives to fork. It is important to understand the economics of one system very well, and that is what the paper attempts to do. That said, intuitively, the greater the incentives to create permanent forks, the lower the value of the network externalities that drive prices up. 
3- One of the insights from the model is that mining costs do not provide a floor to the bitcoin price. If there is a negative demand shock, prices will decline and the network hashrate will decline as well because miners’ incentives will be undermined. I would expect that the number of active miners decreases and eventually the difficulty level will decrease, lowering minting costs. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:57:50
Despite the 100s of alternative cryptocurrencies, bitcoin has strong first mover advantages, the biggest network effects, the strongest brand and public recognition, the strongest security, and arguably the strongest development team. These advantages are very difficult to overcome, so I do not see any altcoin overtaking the Bitcoin network anytime soon. At the same time, one cannot be complacent. The inflation vulnerability bug that was allegedly found some weeks ago is an example of a serious concern.  
I see no indications of any reasonably large country being any close to adopting bitcoin. I see wide adoption, whenever it happens, to be driven by market forces.  
I prefer to refrain commenting on cold wallets as it is not my area of research. Thanks for your question.  
@_date: 2018-11-28 15:15:02
Thank you! I am not familiar with your paper, but happy to take a look to give you feedback. 
@_date: 2018-11-29 14:07:20
Thanks for your question. Based on comments from the SEC, it is difficult to envision an ETF being approved anytime soon. If they approve one based on bitcoin derivatives, it could have a one time positive effect on the price. Although that effect could in principle be large, it is less clear that it can generate sustained price appreciation over longer periods. As an example, arguably, gold ETFs do not do much for the gold price. Ultimately, user adoption cannot be replaced by financial derivatives. On the other hand, the existence of an ETF can have side effects for business built around the bitcoin ecosystem. The SEC could bring manipulation cases against exchanges, funds, etc.    
@_date: 2018-11-29 19:59:52
I hope you'll find it useful. Thanks.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:29:13
Thanks for looking at the paper. I tried to convey as much as possible the intuition using words instead of math in the first 10 pages. Later in the paper I rely on basically three equations: the problem that miners try to solve, the problem that network users try to solve, and the resulting market equilibrium price. I do not attempt to make realistic quantitative predictions. In particular,  I do not make a prediction of $8,000 by 2022. That's inaccurate. My goal, instead, is to develop a framework that can be used for such exercises. The model highlights the systematic connections among fundamental factors such as the number of network users, the number of miners, supply, technologies, the probability of attacks, risk aversion, etc. That said, any such market model yields prices based on concrete parameter values. For example, how many users will the network have in 10 years? How much commercial penetration? I do not have quantitative answers to these questions. If you have personal views, of course, you can plug the values and evaluate the outcomes numerically.       
@_date: 2018-11-29 20:00:45
Hi there, I do not know who is the author. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:38:51
Hi there, my impression is that research it is indeed growing. In this case, I received no funding  whatsoever. Answering your question about the dismissal of bitcoin as an idea, it is perhaps a mixed bag. In the case of world leaders, it is unsurprising given how powerful money is as a political tool. In the case  of central bankers... well, it is difficult to welcome competition that seeks to undermine what you do. In the case of academic economists, I cannot really speak for others. Personally, the original white paper is the most thought provoking writing I have encountered in the last decade. Most disagree in this regard. Furthermore, a Misesian reading of the profession suggests that incentives play only in one direction: central banks sponsor research, conferences, trips, and offer plenty of jobs. Bitcoin does not. That said, academic interest was much lower three years ago, there is some progress.        
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:48:43
I don't claim that your negative view of academic work on bitcoin is unjustified. However, your words do not reflect how I describe the value of bitcoin in Section 1. I encourage you to take a look at the paper and I hope I can change your mind!  
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:31:35
Thanks for your comment. I hope that the answer immediately above clarifies the nature of this research, which is not making quantitative predictions on next year's price. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:59:51
[Andrea Buraschi] We agree with you, but this is related to the issue of trust. In the case of fiat money, one needs to trust a central bank, and more generally central government authorities. Unpredictable monetary supply is somewhat observationally equivalent to lack of trust in the operation of the central bank. They are indeed important drivers of demand. 
[Emiliano Pagnotta]: We agree with you that inflation resistance is not modeled directly. We plan to address the choice between DNAs that can function as a means of exchange and centrally controlled currency in future work.  
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:01:45
[Emiliano Pagnotta] MrRGnome, thanks for your comments. We agree with you that ‘users’ should be defined in a broad sense. How to best estimate the number of users, on the other hand, is an empirical question that we do not address. 
Our understanding is that there isn’t a perfect way of doing it, but a few proxies can be considered. In the calibration, we have relied on the number of unique addresses in transactions at the end of 2017 (Figure 9c). Of course, the number of addresses in a single day of transactions does not equal the total number of users in the network; the latter is surely larger. 
However, the approximation can be helpful provided there is a stable relationship between these two quantities. If you or anyone else have in mind a superior method, we are eager to learn from the community.
@_date: 2018-04-16 12:31:14
Don't have time to read the whole article? We've got you covered. Here's a short non-technical summary of the main findings: 
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:25:14
[Andrea Buraschi] We agree, it was very important to address this topic from an asset pricing perspective. As you will see in the paper, Bitcoin is the first member of a class of assets, decentralized network assets (DNAs), that share the unity property in decentralized networks; which gives rise to specific asset pricing implications that distinguish it from other asset classes. 
This was not totally obvious to us when we started this project. The resulting properties of equilibrium prices deviate from those of traditional assets. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 13:50:52
[Emiliano] We use a non-inflationary unit of account to price bitcoins, so one can think of gold or dollars. The distinction is not very important for us because we concentrate on a single period. The distinction becomes important, of course, if one addresses the long-run equilibrium in a dynamic extension. Then, if the valuation is in fiat, the model would need to consider an additional parameter reflecting the process for fiat inflation. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:47:09
The full title of the journal article is: "An Equilibrium Valuation of Bitcoin and Decentralized Network Assets" 
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:26:26
[Andrea Buraschi] Good question. However, you need to take into account how the monetary reward affects the interaction between demand and supply, which ultimately determines the equilibrium price. 
In the paper we address this question in Proposition 4.iii. The price effect of a change in the monetary reward is non-monotonic. The reason is that it affects the equilibrium bitcoin price through two channels. The first relates to the monetary incentive for miners to contribute hashrate. Ceteris paribus, a larger value of the monetary reward increases the incentive to provide hashrate, thus increasing “trust” and the bitcoin price. 
The second channel, however, relates to the debasing effect of new bitcoin injections, which, by reducing scarcity, reduces the equilibrium price. Our analysis suggests that the effect is in general non-linear. Indeed, for a DNA like bitcoin, if the marginal value of trust is decreasing, there exists an optimal monetary policy: below a certain threshold an increase in the monetary reward increases the price; above that threshold the price decreases.
If you take this in a dynamic setting, if miners and investors know with no uncertainty the dynamics of the monetary reward going forward, their mining and investment decisions today would anticipate any future change. Thus, in absence of frictions, prices would adjust smoothly and no “jump” would be observed at the time of the announcement. This is indeed consistent with an EMH argument.
@_date: 2018-04-16 12:39:00


Sure. Here's a short non-technical summary of the main findings: 
@_date: 2018-04-16 11:46:56
Hi everyone. Andrea and I are so pleased with the interest you've shown in the article. We're going to start answering your questions early! We're online now, so keep your questions coming. 
Here's some extra information that might be helpful:
In the article ( we propose a valuation model for a class of crypto assets that we label Decentralized Network Assets (DNA). We apply this valuation framework to the Bitcoin protocol.
An identifying property of these assets is that contributors to the network quality (miners) are compensated in new units of the same token that are enjoyed by consumers of network applications. 
As a result, network quality and the DNA price are jointly determined. We show that the valuation of a DNA such as Bitcoin can be obtained by solving a fixed-point problem.
Prior to joining Imperial, I was an Assistant Professor at the New York University School of Business. My recent studies have examined the effects of speed and trading fragmentation on asset prices and social welfare; the effect of central clearing reforms on prices and liquidity; the transmission of information in financial markets; and the consequences of new regulations on market quality and performance. 
Joining me on this AMA will be Professor Andrea Buraschi, Chair in Finance at Imperial College Business School:  
 
 
To learn more about me and my research, follow me on Twitter  You can also read more of my work:
From C to D: Bitcoin and the Soviet:  
UPDATE: Here’s proof that we’re here in person to answer your questions!: 
UPDATE (13:25 ET): Thanks very much everyone for your great questions. We've really enjoyed answering them. I'll be checking back in from time to time, so please do submit any more questions you may have.
A big thanks to for hosting this AMA! 
And if you’re interested in cryptocurrency research at Imperial, we’re holding a Future of Finance conference on Thursday. You can watch the presentations live on YouTube:  
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:22:11
[Emiliano Pagnotta] To add to AB’s comment, let me elaborate on your conjecture. If a particular entrepreneur created a superior ASIC machine, the effect on the bitcoin valuation could be ambiguous. 
On the one hand, it would likely lead to higher hashrate, increasing the price. On the other hand, it can lead to less equal hashrate distribution among miners, reducing decentralization and trust. 
For brevity, we model in the paper an economy with homogeneous miners and, therefore, everything else being equal, there is positive connection between hashrate and decentralization. We plan to address extensions with unequal miners in future work. 
Our intuition is that both the system hashrate and the degree of hashrate dispersion across miners have a positive effect on the valuation. It does not seem straightforward how to empirically disectagle the marginal value contribution of each. If you or others have suggestions, we are eager to learn from the community.
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:51:51
[Emiliano Pagnotta] Thanks for your comment. Indeed, we’ve tried to build a consistent albeit simplified mathematical description of the bitcoin market. As you correctly point out, the bitcoin security model involves a more complex set of relations among participants. 
Full nodes help keeping miners accountable, of course, but miners are those that receive a direct compensation for their efforts. Therefore, when modeling the role of economic incentives, we concentrated on the mining reward.   
@_date: 2018-04-16 17:23:36
[Emiliano Pagnotta] Thanks for your questions. In the interest of time, I will try to keep my answers concise. You point at many interesting related questions. As you know, one cannot tackle all issues rigorously in a single paper. We envision our work as an agenda and we believe that this paper provides a useful foundation upon which we can build.  
About the first point, we study a single period economy, so the issue of scalability over time is not fully addressed. We plan to address scalability in future papers, but it certainly requires additional features. 
I fully agree on the second point!
Arguably, one of the biggest innovations of the Bitcoin white paper was to make economic incentives explicit in the context of a decentralized network. However, non financial incentives are also important for the resilience and survival of the network and the economic community around it. This is best illustrated by the heroic efforts of open source developers over the years but also by those that run full nodes out of a sense of conviction. We do not mean to minimize these at all. Instead, given our research goals, we highlight the components that are price sensitive, such as mining rewards.
We do plan to contrast proof-of-work with alternatives as we model portfolio choices in this environment.        
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:13:22
[EP/AB] Hahaha!
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:23:09
[Andrea Buraschi] We have just published the paper few days ago, but yes ... there has been a lot of interest!
@_date: 2018-04-16 21:52:55
Thanks for the recommendation, we will include one in the next version. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 21:55:44
Thanks for the links!
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:55:03
[Emiliano Pagnotta]: To add to AB’s response, arguably, an additional factor is regulation uncertainty in most jurisdictions. To the extent that exchanges and clearinghouses fear adverse regulatory action on the space, any related infrastructure investments could be delayed (“wait and see” approach).  
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:51:38
[Emiliano Pagnotta] We think your intuition is right in that consumers are unlikely to care about hashrate directly. We do not make consumers’ utility a function of hashrate. 
On the other hand, consumers care about the network reliability/trust, as we discussed with some degree of detail in Section 2. Therefore, everything else being constant, if faced with the choice, consumers would be willing to pay a higher price for the DNA of a more secure network. 
In fact, if two cryptocurrencies were otherwise identical, the interaction of network effects and security would likely lead to a single token displaying a positive price. Of course, top market cap cryptocurrencies differentiate from each other. We include a short discussion of these points in Section 7. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:57:11
[Andrea Buraschi] At the moment we do not model explicitly the existence of these additional secondary effects. In general however, the answer is yes: to the extent that these secondary externality (such as applications) exists, they affect the demand for DNA in the first place. 
It is an interesting point and we also comment on it in the discussion about possible extensions of the paper at the end.
@_date: 2018-04-16 21:57:19
awesome indeed! :)
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:41:38
[Emiliano Pagnotta] Absolutely. Theoretically, there is an inflation value that strikes an optimal balance between both functions of the coinbase reward in the sense of maximizing the network market capitalization. We provide a discussion on page 17. We also try to estimate this value, please look at Figure 4 on page 23. 
The exact estimate of the optimal inflation rate depends, among other things, on the quantity that reflects the security or attack resistance of the network. We acknowledge that such quantity is very difficult to estimate, since one does not observe frequent successful attacks to Bitcoin. Intuitively, the lower the probability of a successful attack, the lower the optimal inflation value.
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:19:52
[Andrea Buraschi] Hi! Not quite: we mean that an increase in the marginal cost of mining induces miners to provide less hashrate. This reduces network trust and ultimately the equilibrium price. At the same time, an increase in the number of miners intensifies competition and causes a higher equilibrium hashrate and therefore a higher price. Proposition 5 in the paper shows the exact link between equilibrium price and average cost.
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:57:50
That is correct!
@_date: 2018-04-16 17:06:42
[Emiliano Pagnotta] Although that is an interesting question, it is not one we address in the paper. Arguably, a full answer would require modeling frictions/market imperfections.   
