@_author: estp4life
@_date: 2018-03-09 01:16:17
I was searching what gives cryptocurrency value, and finally I find a post that's being realistic. Great minds think alike.
Right now cryptocurrency is solely being used as an item to flip on an exchange, and its value is based purely on speculation. 
The price is literally being dictated because a bunch of nerds are masturbating over the technical features of various coins, which is a dogshit reason for an item to have any value.
Cryptocurrencies don't have tangible value. When I talk about tangible value, I define it as this: value derived from solving actual human needs, not just value based 95% on speculation while hardly solving any real needs other than buying drugs on silkroad.
There's only one benchmark by which you can judge a cryptocurrency ever having 'real' value: Will your everyday person choose to purchase everyday things (like milk and eggs) using cryptocurrency rather than fiat currency? The answer is no. The masses will never adopt this belief.
People's main argument for cryptocurrency is that its free from government control and is decentralized, but ask yourself, how often does that affect the needs of your everyday person? It doesn't. 
And if it doesn't affect your everyday person's needs in such a drastic way that it warrants the use of cryptocurrency over fiat currency, then it's practically useless.
There are 3 hurdles cryptocurrency must pass before it becomes widely used by the masses and is an actual legit thing:
1. The first hurdle - Too complex to use. With FAQs, how to's, fees, exchange currencies, it's simply too complex for your everyday man to adopt. Someone must make it easy to use and adopted by the average person, but this won't happen any time soon. If a coin is not being used by the masses, then its value is purely based on speculation and not on anything tangible, which means it is a bubble.
2. The second hurdle is that it doesn't solve any pressing needs - the masses must have a pressing need to use cryptocurrency over fiat currency. No such need exists, and may not ever exist.
3. IF the two previous problems are solved (which may never happen), you have to deal with national governments. People in power will actively thwart the use of cryptocurrencies if ever gains traction because it threatens national currencies. Right now, China is banning cryptocurrency trading platforms.
We're possibly witnessing one of the biggest bubbles in history, and it's being driven by a bunch of tech nerds circle jerking each other in acts of mental masturbation. This is no different from the dotcom bubble, which is what happens when you have a group of people who have a lot of technical knowledge but little practical intelligence come together and suck each other off.
I will enjoy watching the fall.