@_author: eternalfloat
@_date: 2019-03-07 17:13:15
To understand why paper currency is considered debt, you need to understand its history. Paper currency was invented in China as a way for merchants store and move large amounts of silver taels between cities without incurring the risk of moving large amounts of silver. Originally, these pieces of paper IOUs where a merchant could cash the IOU at a different branch for their silvers but at some point these IOUs became acceptable tender in business transactions, thereby officially elevating them to the first true paper currency.
So from this, we can see that paper currency were originally IOUs that became paper currency because everyone assumed they could eventually cash the paper currency for silvers (China) or gold (the West). Fast forward to colonial America and the early American republic and you'll find no dollars. Instead, citizens would deposit gold or coins into banks, who would issue their own paper currency. Because each bank or state had its own IOU that couldn't be cashed out at a competitor or used in a different state, this made for an inefficient banking system. Hence, the dollar was adopted as a standard in the US. The institution of the Federal Reserve to prevent future bank runs
At this point paper currency evolved from been seen as IOUs to hard currency we view it today. The reason why we view dollars as currency because our forefathers swapped their silver, gold, and coins (SGC) for IOUs and never bothered to cash those IOUs out. The next generation only used IOUs for transactions instead of SGCs, forgetting the original purpose of paper currency.
In modern times, most dollars are created the Federal Reserve, who loans it to regional banks as debt, who then loans the money to the rest of us. This loaned money circulates in the economy as currency. When that loan is repaid, the dollars are "destroyed" (especially if the dollar is digital).
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:54:13
Just FYI, every dollar you use is considered debt.
@_date: 2018-07-30 23:33:29
I think you're missing the point of Hemlck is trying to explain. His point is that outside of the crypto community and gold bugs, the vast majority of people have faith in the USD. So even if you personally don't trust the currency, you would still use the currency because you know that someone else (e.g. the grocer or gas station) values it. In that sense, you know you are gauranteed a service if you paid in USD.