@_author: etfamigo
@_date: 2013-03-05 02:35:21
Hey read my other post, but a few misconceptions here.
1) ETF managers invest their assets into whatever they've told you they were going to invest in.  So, example, you seed your ETF with $10mm.  There are 1mm shares.  The PM then goes and buys $10 worth of bitcoin for each share.  Now we have $10mm worth of ETF shares for people to buy, backed by a whole bunch of bitcoins.  So word gets out and now people buy all your ETF shares, and the value per share goes up to $11 (pretend bitcoins haven't moved).  What happens now? Arbitrage! People buy up $10 of bitcoins, deliver them to the sponsor, and in return receive shares of the ETF.  They then sell those shares for $11, realizing a  $1 profit, and bringing the product back into line (because bitcoins go up as people are buying them and the ETF goes down as people sell it).
2) Yeah, we got a problem here.  How does a professional market maker perform that arbitrage?  How do they even get bitcoins?  Let's deep think here for a second.  A core concept behind the bitcoin idea (which I'm agnostic on) is that it is inherently outside the financial system.  This attribute, which makes them very attractive to some people, is the very reason why you can't then turn around and plug them back in through an ETF.  
tl:dr lotta stuff going on here.
@_date: 2013-03-05 02:14:51
So hey.  I structure ETFs for a very large company.
A couple of three things:
1) The biggest issue you're going to run into is related to the concept of exemptive relief- that is, ETC (formerly a company called Faithshares, kind of funny) does not have the requisite permission from the SEC to launch non-index based products. Don't worry about making a bitcoin index, the SEC will only allow securities-based indices.  Bitcoins, like all currencies, are not actually securities.
2) The best route for you would be a commodity pool built through the 19b-4 process, whereby you partner with an exchange to request permission from the SEC.  Best case scenario this will take at least six months to get through, but honestly, you would not get through.
3) Seed is the last thing you should worry about.  Lead market makers/IBs will put this up, provided you have (very) strong relationships with them.
4)  Ok, serious here.  The biggest issue is the lack of arbitragibility (not a word, but bear with me) between the ETF and the underlying bitcoins.  This market is pathetically small and insanely illiquid.  It simply is not a mature enough space to package into a product.
PM me if you have questions.