@_author: eth_man
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:11:17
One of my good friends keeps hammering on 'use' the more use equals more real value vs. speculative value..  
Don't get me wrong supported NoS2X and run a node here.   His opinion was that Bitcoin due to high fees, and basically maxed use capacity at low fee costs, was and IS hurting the realization of value and it hurts the space a bit (I contended some cooling was necessary for a time and other coins could fill temporary capacity gaps).   He also commented that a number of other chains were starting to see actual 'use' but felt the speculative value was far outpacing actual use growth.
Hence a pull back was expected, normal, and natural.  
The bullish case is that new tech (pack more in space (Segwit/MAST), and off-chain Lightning, side chains etc. and even other chains with different tech) will provide the use that will support and expand current valuations.   Large scale money has now just moved into the space (cboe/cme), etc.  News can't help themselves but talk up or down, because the price is so high now and so volatile.
The bear case is regulation, ban, and pretty much every shading thing you can try to pin on crypto, money laundering, dark net, and that tx capacity is basically limiting growth at this point.
Me.  I think this drop is good.  Wake up the newbs to how this space moves.   Make them f'n think and take responsibility for their own money in this space.  All of us finding our use cases.
Crypto is not going away, and Bitcoin isn't going to die.
Most of us in the space are STILL early adopters - most haven't done anything with crypto except trade it on exchanges.  
In the end I consider the table set and the big players warming up the game.
You guys have not seen anything yet.
Mark this.  100k Bitcoin coming up next, 5k ETH, 1k LTC etc.    With alts driving the rear.  The when part is harder.  Could be in a single year, or take the next 10 years.
The only thing that kills crypto is a frontal assault of governments of the on and off ramps to FIAT.  But given the size of the money in this space now..  Given the fact that Japan seems to wholly have embraced Bitcoin/crypto I can't see it going away.
Bitcoin/crypto needs only 1 country to support it, to kill it would take all of the countries of the world working in unison.
Frankly the revolt to that kind of Orwellian money and people control would probably be shocking.  The larger the cap grows the less likely to put the crypto genie back into the bottle.  In fact I think we have already passed the point of no return here.
The only issue is if crypto will be at least 'left alone' much less 'supported' to grow and find the best use case of all.
The beginning of the full out decentralization of all centralized services in the world has begun.
Plain and f'n simple here fellow planetary citizens.
Time to put on your big boy or big girl pants, learn about what you have your money in (most of you here already know way more than me probly many more much less) and realize this isn't just
your future - its our future and our kids futures as well as the world future up for grabs.
Guaranteed it will take probably many generations to reap the benefit here but each and every one of us can say we were in the first generation adopters and our children will happily echo that great, great grandpa or grandma so and so taking the risk to be an early crypto adopter made their family rich while simultaneously saving them and the planet from 
RUN AMOK CENTRALIZATION.
There I said it.
Let the crypto roll.   (Let the good times roll)
@_date: 2018-01-09 14:45:23
I scanned this thread for a comment on what I saw as a major problem.
If fees are 1000uBTC to create a 600uBTC channel do you honestly think this is a 'practical' example?
Include realistic fees in your 'practical' example (even as a percentage) and you'll immediately see no-one is going to be doing microchannels with 1000uBTC much less 10000uBTC.
I don't understand the use of the lightning graphic - you use it when doing on-chain transactions to top up the node as well as doing actual Lightning transactions.  I suggest a chain link as a graphic for 'on-chain' with fee transactions and your lightning graphic to represent Lightning transactions.
Otherwise I think the illustration is for the most part accurate, BUT NOT PRACTICAL due to lack of real on-chain fee considerations.
One other nit.   Topological considerations suggest 2 channels are NOT sufficient to actually create a network.  If you want to be a dangling node 1 is sufficient.   2 simply creates a single highway with single node bottleneck.  Nodes with 3 or more have the capacity to create an actual network.   If the network is to be robust (see how Bitcoin manages and maintains connections) a rough number would be like 6 or 8 on average.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:56:06
Oh this one is like my exact specialty since I ran into this a good number of times.
"We are still working to track down an elusive bug which is holding up launch. This bug did not appear in our many weeks of testing and only emerged in the production environment. Unfortunately, it is not consistently reproducible and we cannot launch until this issue is resolved..."
Intermittent bugs are the worst.  Only advice I can offer:
1)  Reset, reboot all hardware, routers switches, everything
2)  Double check all drivers, software, patches, bios settings (configuration settings, ROM versions) etc from development network to production.  Make sure they match 'exactly'.  If you have different hardware - well that makes the comparison checks harder and leaves a gaping hole between the dev and production networks.  Then you basically have to swap components and make sure none of these change anything.  These things ideally need to be identical between environments.  Otherwise you have to upgrade your production network to your development network hardware.  Or just put your development hardware into operation and buy another set of development hardware, retire the old production hardware or 'reuse'.  I had I think one case where I told a client to use their development hardware for operations otherwise they were done.  Argued with a CEO on this and in the end was like "Do you want to run or not?"  It doesn't f'n matter how you get the job done.  Figure it out later.  They never did figure it out and just depreciated the old hardware and bought new hardware.
3)  Look very carefully at port stacks, network packets.
4)  Trace backward from the failures.
5)  Look very carefully at any known device compatibility or robustness issues
Often times shit like this is related to 'settings' somewhere that ended up being different on the development network than the production network and no-one knew about it because the person who made the changes had already left the company.
Usually the change was because of another previous bug on the production network that was forgotten (either hardware or software).
I remember one time after swapping cables in cages 'n shit we finally found one network connector that was randomly dropping packets.  we knew something was going on, but it was so god damned random we felt it could not be software (all the port stacks looked fine, network generally looked 'ok' without deep packet and careful traffic inspections).  So we pulled and re-seated everything.  Voila no more problems.  Took I think just over 36hrs to pin that down and fix that particular one.  One of the few times I ran into an intermittent hardware bug that didn't just screw everything up all the time to be obvious to identify.
Another one that gave us this was an odd stack overrun that was happening on one of the new database servers.  It was never caught because it was never accurately load tested.  The only way it happened was when that particular machine was under heavy load and then only sporadically.  All it would do is lose packet info or chop packets in unexpected ways.  In the end on that one we found the receiving end wasn't robust enough to catch and correct (assumptions were made that did not hold up in this case).   Once we fixed both sides of that - everything was fine..
It is the intermittent problems that are the hardest to find, and I was probably one of the best people to identify that stuff.
Good luck,
Glad I'm not there on this one.
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:40:57
she?   Variations of that list worked quite well as a filter for me once I got to those first dates.   
I am now happily married, with children.
But hey it is just a 'suggestion' after all.
Beauty of our digital world is that we can accept what we want and reject the rest.
@_date: 2018-01-12 13:06:21
'several more hours'.   
Based on my extensive experience fixing these kinds of problems.   
Revenue loss and concern from clients starts getting ugly oh somewhere between 3 and 7 days.  
If it isn't fixed within about 7-14 days the company is 'done' unless they have significant cash reserves.
It looks like they are about 36hrs into this mess and can't or won't back out.  
If they do come up I expect kraken to have bugs and not be very stable or reliable.
@_date: 2018-01-10 21:03:33
Sorry but its a taxable event upon getting access.  It's like a consultant that gets paid in Precious metals and barters for food and board with them saying he never had income until because he never sold them for FIAT.
I think a lot of people are going to get bit by BCH with taxes for 2017.
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:13:11
about 1/5 a wipe of my ass after a good dump!
@_date: 2018-01-10 21:32:33
Thank you for responding.
Well I think my point is that the amounts you use isn't really a 'practical' illustration.  BTW:  I do like it.   It is not easy to make good simple illustrations of complicated things.
Perhaps remove 'practical'? 
I apologize if I seem a stickler but too many times I see stuff labeled practical - that basically no-one would do.  As an 'illustration' sure, but not a 'practical illustration'.
That's all.  
I still think the use of the Lightning ICON in your illustration should be used only to denote things that happen on the LN (and off the main-chain) vs. something like a chain-link ICON to denote stuff that has to happen on the main-net.
The more I thought about fees in Lightning the more I wondered about how a sender calculates the fee required and makes sure the network will carry the transaction at or under the calculated fee or if there is even a viable route at a particular fee level and how is any fee remainder 'refunded'?
Man thinking about internal LN fees, routing, etc. definitely complicates your nice simple illustration.  I'm note even sure i know enough about how LN will be coded to deal with a fee environment on LN and be able to route transactions without intermediaries trying to take as much as possible, in any way possible to claim the entire fee.  (say route through themselves and a few extra hops set up with diff fees to max out your LN tx fee associated with your tx)
Anyway I'm just rambling.  Simple is better, but if you can actually do an illustration where fees (LN and main-net) are in there it might be helpful to understand more about how the network would work if there are fees at hops and what fees actually are.
I saw someone saying the fee on the tx to open the channel was used to close it.  I thought the open required it's own fee, and the close required a separate fee.
@_date: 2018-01-12 12:19:35
I can confirm this news hit BEFORE BCH trading opened on Gdax.
I saw the newly added inactive BCH tab on the web page at least 6-24hrs before the trading opened and thought WTF someone release the developer version.  I was about to post with some snapshots but someone beat me to it.
@_date: 2018-01-12 13:49:05
imo - You are missing the point.
No matter what fee you 'set' it is paid in bitcoin - if Bitcoin is worth $1,000,000 and your fee is even .00001 btc - how much is that?
You guessed it $100!
when was the last time you got a tx to cross with .00001btc fee?
Also realize at some point the level I on chain transactions are going to have to pay for all the hardware and electricity to secure the network with hash power with less and less block reward and more and more Level I fees per block.
Imagine what fees in bitcoin per transaction will need to be to cover that security once the block reward doesn't dominate the miner reward structure.
I agree the difficultly will adjust to the changing mining power but we aren't even close to what fees are going to look like in the near future.   In the end fees and Level I use will self regulate just as it is doing now.   The real problem here is that exchanges appear to be crowding out other transactions and given the sheer demand by users right now for exchange access this is understandable 
Implementing segwit and batching tx's is not a high priority for some of these exchanges.
If we get a crypto price pull back and trading, as well as on-ramping lull, you can be sure exchanges are going to start plucking at their low hanging revenue fruit.
Maybe then we will see (temporarily at least) some drop in fees but I'm not expecting to see fees drop to &lt; $1 for anything but short times unless Bitcoin price drops 90% as well or we get some significant tx capacity increase.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:12:29
The centralized 'loop' will likely be large company (amazon great example) - to exchange (coinbase) - to users.    
The 'money' flow will be from users to coinbase to amazon.  (this is one key working example that address the unbalanced issue)
There is absolutely no reason a companies like amazon or coinbase could not open and close channels for like 10-100BTC at a time.  In fact with fees at current levels the LN cost would be &lt; .1% doing 2-5BTC channels.
Large players can more adequately balance the unbalanced flows simply through the normal $$ account channels and using their own corporate trust.  
Amazon probably already uses an exchange to convert their coin to cash anyway.
The real issue will be unbalance flows with users, and fees to open at least one LN channel to get LN access.
If there is an issue here it is the main-net fee against the amount in the channel as I don't see main-net fees going much below $1 here for any length of time and I'm not sure people are going to be happy paying $1 to put $10 in a channel.  $1 on $100 - ah maybe.
Don't get me wrong - very excited to see how LN, MAST, as well as Segwit adoption change the network operation.
Very exciting times folks.   
While everyone doesn't like the current high fees I don't think we will see .1USD fees anytime soon for any length of time, but $1 will be quite achievable, tolerable and a significant improvement over the current fees until new solutions are developed for the lower fee tiers.   
The last $1 or sub $1 fee transaction I did was the last time the network hit 21sat/B.   It made me sad that I could no longer really show people with small amounts how easy it was to move Bitcoin around.  
I had to start using Litecoin for that. :(
I am eager to do it again with Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:21:04
I'd say it's time to find a 'man' and not a 'boy'.
Just say'n dear!
And for fun a few ways to identify that man with some basic questions.
1)  Are you still living at home?
2)  How long did you work at your last job?
3)  How long did your last relationship last?
4)  How many relationships have you had?
5)  How long did your longest relationship last?
6)  Have you lived with anyone (other than family) for any length of time?
7)  How many friends do you have?
8)  How often do you see them, for how long, and what kinds of things do you do?
9)  What do you consider your greatest personal flaw?
10)  What was my first question?
(1)  If they live at home they are not an adult
(2)  If they don't have a job they have held for a while or can't hold a job - probably a child.
(3, 4, 5)  If they haven't had any long term relationships, or not many of them, or not at least one long one - probably still a child
(6)  If they haven't lived with other people for any length of time - probably still a child - hard to develop personally in a vacuum.  Most people I know who live alone for too long probably are still holding on to stuff from childhood that doesn't allow them to connect with people well.
(7, 8)  Checking if they have what one considers a normal 'social' life.  If they arn't normal now - don't expect them to get better.   Also probably still a child.
(9)  Can you self analyze in a healthy way (not say too much, but enough to show you think about this kind of stuff - sell improvement is something an adult sees as pivotal - talking about it in ways not so revealing very difficult unless you are quite 'adult' - children likely will either not have anything to say, or will be too revealing.)
(10)  If they can get this - it means they were actually paying attention to you and have a working memory.  Far too many people say they are listening and 'engaged' when they aren't.   More than likely for someone who is not so grown up to forget, if a person can remember this - they are probably more adult than someone who can't.
Best wishes,
Eth_Man 
Oh and BTW a lot of people called me crazy, crypto a scam, etc. etc.   At some point I saw no reason in talking to other people to make the 'crazy' suggestion to buy a few bitcoin when it was $200-500 or even $1000.   Worst case they lose ~ $1-5k.  If I was/am right - we all make $10k-100k here 'at some point'.   Even $10K on a $200-500 investment was and is fabulous.
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:55:41
on the bright side at least they are giving an update at least once every 4 hours.
Give up on the 'smooth upgrade' statement.   After 36hrs anyone with a clue knows the upgrade is FAR from smooth.
I think it IS important to make sure users know 'funds are safe' and are not going anywhere in any circumstance.
That is all users will care about at the moment other than when your expected up time is.
While I am a relatively new user to kraken - perhaps 3 months ago.  Most features while clunky, worked.   The order engine was frustrating until I realized I could just use cryptowat.ch and see my orders pop up faster than the kraken.com site would display them.
Market orders were something I typically could not trust so I didn't use them.
Definitely issues.   But my foray into kraken was a test anyway and I preferred to stick with an exchange located in the US for the time being and just wanted to try something different.
I hope kraken can get this upgrade out and know every exchange is getting hammered lately.  Some are doing better than others responding to users, and upgrading technology.  Others not doing so well on some or many counts.
I am hopeful what kraken has in store on this upgrade works and will be trying to help test the upgrade.
It might be nice somewhere in reddit.comto create a thread or at least post where we can post problems and see what others are experiencing.   It would be far better to coral the users who are still with you (and want to be) than the ones that have left and co-ordinate what you wanted to accomplish with this upgrade with what users are actually experiencing.
Good luck,
@_date: 2018-01-25 14:34:18
In the end 'anything' that allows more tx's in a block is good for miners in the long run.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:37:26
Well having been in those situations only two possibilities.
They are close to finishing.
Staff is so beat people are trying to catch some sleep before the next wave of work.
As an expert consultant dealing with operational failures I've done a number of 72+hr stints with less than 12hrs total of sleep.
Given they are passing the 36hr mark, I have to think staff will be getting tired.  stimulants can only go so far.
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:43:08
Yeah I saw that. :(
@_date: 2019-07-13 17:42:39
I was getting tired of people saying - I followed moonmath and got rekt.
Moonmath is a just for fun thing.  Whether Bitcoin hits 1k or 100k is entirely up to the market and has nothing to do with a chart someone made for fun.  That is why I suggested to u/jarederaj to add the disclaimer comment on the Moonmath web page.
If people can't read and don't know how to manage their money properly there is nothing that will save them from their own stupidity.
Got me thinking that perhaps we could get u/jarederaj to put some planets on the moonmath page so people could realize the Bitcoin price is already past 'moon'.
Fun little example:
Making me think that 'moon' at 238,900miles is probably something like $1000 call it $238.9 USD for fun.   If I have my math right using this $1=1000 miles would put Mars nearest earth distance at something like $48600, Jupiter at $390800, Saturn $793700
So to my mind Bitcoin being over $1000(2014 peak) already is past the moon (at around $239USD early 2012 peak) and at $12k heading towards Mars again.
@_date: 2018-01-12 21:09:23
I don't like to reply to myself.
One last less obvious comment.
Data.  Meticulous data.  I can't count the times on arrival at a client site being presented with their problem how often they didn't have shit for data, what they did have was a hodge podge of crap.
The most critical component that allowed me to succeed in these things was being absolutely anal and meticulous about all data,  check, recheck, test and retest results 'over and over and over'.  get as much data as you can.  Question everything repeatedly.
You have to beat down what isn't the problem until what is the problem can rise up enough to be observed and finally repeated.  The problems I hated to consider solved was when we never found the problem in particular but tightened up everything else so much the problem 'magically' went away.  I think that happened in 1 or 2 cases.  Those bugged me for a long time.
This is probably the best non-obvious advice I can give in this situation.
Thank me later. :D
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:41:12
well I never thought it was good form to kick someone when they were down.
But really literally less than 1 month ago BTC was under $10k.  A year ago less than $1k.  Anyone getting into this who didn't think we could have a 50-75% correction coming up really didn't have a clue.   We can drop another 50% and still be up 500% for the year.
For the people underwater - been there and done it for months if not years.   I think the biggest issue here is people really have not actually used Bitcoin by doing transfers because the fees are so high to get the tx confirmed quickly.
We can still see this with Litecoin or Ethereum or other coins now.
It is my hope that everyone who is in Bitcoin gets to experience low fee and fast transactions again since this was what brought me and keeps me in the space (among other reasons related to decentralizing important societal functions with block chains).
I'm committed to not just making money with crypto, but also supporting the network(s) with at least a fraction of the little wealth it has given me.   I am not going away and I look constantly to learn more about the code to perhaps produce something of value not just to myself but the entire community in the future.
Money is not my end game here.  It is the liberation of what we call money from the hands of a few into the hands of the many - we the people.   Lets start with that and then move on to other centralized functions and see if the technology can work there as well.
I am here for the long haul on block chain and decentralizing technology - not to just get rich and then kick back on my own island sipping some fancy drinks and screwing around.
I think a lot of early adopters are still here for that same reason even if working on different coins.
Far too many people are missing out on the real revolution and simply trying to make a buck, when in reality the revolution is just beginning.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:02:12
That is funny.   If you are thinking about it.  (I don't have time for this).  Someone should make a little open source javascript applet like the above, that is a personal 'crypto countdown clock'.   House, Hookers, Mistress, Lambo, Caribbean island, nation state, united states of America, total world GDP.
Wouldn't it be funny if all of the Bitcoin in the world was worth MORE than the total world GDP.
Example: 
1 World GDP (36,006,539Million USD) = (using gdax 12820USD/BTC)  2,808,403,322.673 BTC
1 High Priced Hooker (avg price 1kUSD/night) = .078003  BTC
you get the idea ;)
BTW:  Even my wife liked what you did and laughed.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:27:37
Don't take this the wrong way but increasing the blocksize is NOT a scaling solution.  It is a scaling 'BAND-AID'.  
I am not against a blocksize increase because this would reduce fees, make Bitcoin somewhat more 'usable', and in the END BUY SOME TIME for a good look at Lightning, etc.
As a member of the 'community' I simply didn't like how the damn thing was being ram rodded and turned into multiple attempts to kill Bitcoin vs. being simply the new 'better' alternative to Bitcoin.
There is nothing special about Bitcoin Cash in terms of scaling - it simply has an un-needed bandaid applied.
My other general problem is the domination of hashing power by one country - China - particularly true for Bitcoin Cash imo.   This leaves Bitcoin Cash particularly vulnerable to a 51% attack to my mind.  Fortunately those who could attack Bitcoin Cash in this way, have vested interests to protect it at the moment.   This could change at any time though.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:22:38
&lt;s&gt; I have borrowed to the hilt to buy at the ATH.  Please help me 
Donations accepted to 
Pretty much agreed here.   I think far too many people are smalling the money and have no clue what they are getting into.   In that case this is just pure out and out gambling and they really should just by a treasury bond &lt;double/s&gt;
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:25:17
already sold some - thank you.  
I sell when people are buying (and my sell targets are hit) and buy when people are selling and my new buy targets are hit.
Sometimes I get caught underwater but I end up with more coin, more cash, and am already no debt, and fully diversified (as much as one can be given level of wealth).
I think this is the biggest issue for most people here.  If you are in debt - don't bother buying coin unless you consider 'debt' an asset class and can get it at 4% or less.  If you are 6-8 or 10% or higher paying down debt is the best investment you can make.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:16:46
I'm guessing you never actually bought something or sent Bitcoin to friends or as gifts.   It was a beautiful thing to send $10 or $20 or $100 or $1000 for like $.05 or $.1 (or less if you were fee savy) anywhere in the world in like under an hour.
Many of us would like to see this return.
Fake currency.   Nothing fake about it.  What we are losing or have lost is the utility.   $10-50 fees pretty much kills Bitcoin for small exchanges.  Part of this increase in fees is basically because when I was doing $10 to $1000 transactions Bitcoin was worth say $500 and a .0002BTC fee is like $.1USD.  With Bitcoin at 10k this fee is now $2.  Tack on that the fee might now take .0005 or .001BTC to complete and you are looking at $5-10 MINIMUM and wait times to clear up to weeks (if at all) at these fee levels - depending on the mempool.
My last transactions all cost about 21sat/Byte and cleared in an hour.  Cost about $1ea.  But this was the last time the mempool cleared.
Nothing like hearing the 'inherent' value meme from people.  FIAT has zero inherent value unless you consider wiping your ass with it.  Gold and silver have some value in jewelry, electronics etc.   But the real value is that Gold in particular simply would not oxidize (rust).  Silver will so you couldn't bury it in the ground for millions of years and find it again - fully intact, gold you can.    There is nothing else that does that - except for information.   Your 0's and 1's (your keys) will still unlock your crypto thousands of years from now and the only things that can say that are Gold, and DIamonds.   
Think of what happens to PM's if we can just manufacture them.   Diamonds are still high because of the monopoly by sellers in those markets.
The big point of crypto is that it has some utility, security and durability.  Whether people will still see it as having value - time will tell.  As to 'inherent' value - frankly clean air is pretty important but I don't see people paying for that 'yet'.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:02:41
Always true.  rebalance portfolios periodically and diversify, diversify, diversify.
@_date: 2019-07-13 16:55:39
lol.  You two.
First  can speak for himself but if I remember right [ was just for fun.   I remember hitting the first peak at 1.2+k and rolling right into ultraviolet ;).   Hmmm.   Coulda sold and bought back at the bottom of the rainbow.   Nah.    The second one - really unbelievable.   Definitely hit some of my sell targets.   Could have waited to hit the bottom again before buying - honestly did not believe we would go from 20k to 3k (6k yes not 3k).
What is interesting about the moonmath graph is that the peaks above the logarithmic rainbow are decreasing so I would expect the next peak (should it happen) to not go too much above 40-50k the 2020-2022.   Far below everyones 100k and higher sell targets.   Honestly time will tell.   The fact that the peaks are still kind of logarithmic is interesting in itself.
Also I'm sure everyone knows by now that when it comes to investments, without inside information just buying the entire market (at lowest expense possible) and holding beats all traders over long time frames.  (I'm talking about companies not crypto btw).   There is no TA that can tell you when the CEO is embezzling money, or levering up debt through shell corporations, etc.   Or a news event like a war breaking out causing supply production disruptions, or signing a great deal to buy or sell the company, etc. etc.
There is absolutely NO reason to beat people over the heads on who is right/wrong here - the bottom line in your portfolio will do all the brow beating or back slapping required.  If you need anything else - seek a therapist, or a hooker who you can pay to say whatever you want.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:30:21
There is such a thing as a bull trap.   But I think this one will be short lived.    Maybe a week maybe a couple years..
Doing the crypto limbo - how low can we go..
Come on fellow cryptonauts - how low can you go..
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:07:40
What killed me is when in what 1999 or 2000 America showed a Surplus and everyone was getting scared that America would buy back their debt.
OMG what will we do??   That lasted a whole year and then right back into the god damned deficit dumpster.
It shows straight up that money burns holes in the pockets of legislators and no way in hell would they ever consider paying down debt and making a 'rainy day fund' to pay for things like.
FEMA events.
Financial system collapse (think TARP or various banking crises).
Upgrades to national infrastructure (electrical grid, internet)
Honestly you have to realize the bankers are full retard on making everyone (including governments) debt slaves and everyone making the rules is basically taking kick backs in one form or another.   The few who don't simply have no power..
Savers are EVIL and need to be punished repeatedly in such a debt driven world.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:03:59
I agree.  Every one of these people I think.   'Pure gambler'.  Just because they win doesn't make them a genius, just another gambler who will likely do it again.  Eventually these people lose everything.
I remember a story about a guy who sold everything, walked into a casino with like $150k and put it all on red or black.   Doubled his money and walked out.  I was like wtf is the point of that.  Not smart and not commendable but because he won, he gets the article.   What you don't and probably never will see are all the other gamblers who did the same thing and lost.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:33:01
'return to sender' is not the correct way to look at what happens.  Simply put the transaction never gets on chain and is cleared from the mempool.  Hence the output never gets 'moved' - so never needed to be 'returned'.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:50:50
Or Litecoin or Ethereum or any other coin that is cheaper and has a fast network.
There is nothing special about Bitcoin Cash.  In fact Litecoin is far superior to Bitcoin Cash.  Just as big blocks, faster block times, and Gee Segwit, etc. etc.
I have used so many different coins all that matters to me is getting the job done.   I have said previously I thought Litecoin was more advanced, more accepted and a better to use coin than Bitcoin Cash.   But frankly both those coins look to be development dead ends (unless you consider that both can adopt things being developed for Bitcoin).
One might want to look at other coins btw.   Monero, Zcash, Ripple, Lumens, IOTA, whatever.   I have already looked and have money in these and other coins that fits my stratagies.
Bitcoin cash and literally 1/2 the other coins which hit their tx limit use would be crushed with fees.   No-one has provably solved the onchain scaling issue.   In fact I am pretty sure given every technology I've seen so far (this is limited to about 20-30 very different coins now) I can prove there is no 'distributed on chain' scaling solution that can scale to 1Million tx/sec.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:23:22
Not funny but prudent.   Notice virtually the entire space dropped.  If FIAT (particularly USD) were to drop 1/3 overnight it would be world economic chaos.  With crypto it only hurts a few people.
So yeah I move to FIAT, and yep I pay my taxes too.
I guess I'm not so smart..
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:56:47
My reaction after experiencing MANY 50% over night drops.
If you have invested what you can afford to lose and see nothing has changed about your investment sit tight and DCA (dollar cost average).
With Ethereum I think almost every one of my buys came at tops.  $10, $20, $50, even had some at $386 that I finally cleared out with profit as it broached to the new ATH.
I keep telling people if you get a double or really say a triple on your money,
SELL SOME so you have cash in case it drops (or rises), and can ride pure profit.
I use this mentality with alts and it has served me well.
Be warned here this Bitcoin and crypto run up started in the ~3-5k range and I'm quite convinced it was big money front running cboe and cme trading.
I'm also convinced these players have it in mind to crash this back to those levels to try to shake out all the new bigger money that will not be able to withstand losses and will sell.
So be warned we could see another 50% leg down here to under $10k.   I do not think if we see $5k that price will last long.  Too many of us longer time holders took profits above $10k will be happy to buy at $5k or lower.
Remember the really big money is here to play and $400B or so of market cap is nothing to them.
I had a flash vision a long time ago of the 1mBTC price on bitcoinity.org being $100 when it was $1 (or BTC first hit $1000) I am still convinced this will unfold.   But do no buy on some internet persons vision.
I am convinced we are going to new ATH across the board and will cross the $1T marketcap.   So yes I'm nibbling here, trading the rises so I recycle and add cash.
You know you are doing well when the 50% crack off the old time high that may take thousands or millions in hours off your stack is only a slight event in a day.
I think the real big issue here (and I have been and still support the Core vision) is that the network needs a bit of breathing room on capacity.    Everyone - not just old adopters, but all the new people really need to see what Bitcoin is capable of with a modest block size increase, while Segwit is coming into play, and Lightning is being worked on.  Too many people that now hold Bitcoin don't really realize how nice it was to send $100 or $1Million for $.1 anywhere in the world in less than an hour.
I said this before.  If we can get some relief on the tx capacity front with the Biggest coin the price of it will double or triple AND the bonus is that people who were trying to use it for business will be able to again.
For many people a $1 fee is already too high, for literally the rest $10-50 fees and long times to confirm pretty much take away all of the utility of Bitcoin and this is my biggest concern.   Honestly I think we just need a unified wallet and people to get on board with more than one coin.  If Bitcoin is blocked up, use Ethereum, Litecoin, Monero, Zcash, Lumens, whatever.
I see integrated wallets that can use MANY coins being needed NOW so if one network is clogged we could use another one.  The key here is that business integration needs to be a kind of global thing.  Do one software integration and get like 10-20 of the major coins, that can connect to an exchange and this whole which coin we use to buy stuff goes away quickly.   It makes business integration of crypto a 1 step for many coins, vs. 1 step per coin.
Anyway.   Wishing all the best to everyone.   Buy, Hold, Sell do whatever you need to do.   But be warned crypto can and does these crazy moves all the time.
I personally think the CNBC interview with Roger Ver a day or two ago probably was one of the prime causes of the recent drop.  Add on the rumor of S2X being resurrected and voila market drop.. 
The above is precisely WHY I think important people in crypto need to stop pissing on other coins.  All it does is make them look like jerks and doesn't help the space at all.  Point out the problems, but also point out that these problems are well known and being worked on by a lot of people.
I do think that Core should consider carefully putting their support behind a 2x block size increase.   Litecoin already has all of this and a faster block rate.  Nothing crazy happened with centralization imo  (if I'm wrong please post links to relevant info).
We already got SegWit so ASICboost seems to be thwarted..  Perhaps its time to build in some capacity increases.   Say a boost to 1.5MB/blocks with 10% yearly increases (set to occur at various blocks) built in to get to 2MB simply to provide some relief.
Well now you can ban me here because I'm a large block heretic (which I'm not btw).   I think everyone would agree we just need a bit of breathing room and I know Core is well aware of this.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:30:32
I was just telling someone the same thing.   But then I remind them perhaps not the best time to buy is at the ATH.   
Then I pause and say but a lot of my Ethereum buys were at or near ATH's.
$10, $20, $50, $386 .. you get the idea..
I simply tell people to pay down 6% or higher interest debt and invest in a fully diversified low cost market fund like a Vanguard before ever considering crypto.  Even then no more than 5% of your assets should go into it.
I also tell them if you get a triple or better - sell 1/2 (or enough to get some cash out and pay taxes) and ride the rest for free.
@_date: 2017-12-03 13:46:07
BCH is going to cause people headaches because that was 'obtained property' and my understanding on this is the 'acquisition' even if free is a taxable event establishing your first cost basis.
Meaning everyone that got BCH this year basically owe tax on ~$300-600/coin if you don't sell in 2017.  If you do sell (EDIT: add year) 2017 your cost basis was zero and you will pay short term gains on the entire amount (cost basis zero).
If you sell later than 2017 then your cost basis will be that 300-600/coin and the time frame Aug 1, 2017 or whenever you got access to them so you could actually sell.   For coinbase users this will happen 1/1/2018 for others it will happen earlier or later depending.
@_date: 2017-12-04 14:50:23
In Bitcoin we lust.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:48:37
@_date: 2017-08-08 19:04:10
As soon as it locked the buying came in..  3370 to 3440USD in minutes.. :)  Congrats. UASF has done the job.
@_date: 2017-08-06 14:51:25
I was thinking the next really BIG coin would be 'FAPPACHINO'.  Printed on Kleenex tissues.  Kleenex is our largest supporter!!
It's big brother is 'CRAPACHINO' printed - you guessed it on your favorite ass wiping appliance. :)
@_date: 2017-08-14 12:30:50
I guess we already know Emperor Jihan
@_date: 2017-08-25 11:24:32
I have already analyzed that situation.  Given the ~3Exahash moving between BTC and BCH.  
 
The slow to a crawl will happen about 6-18 blocks out of 2016, the rest of the time the network will fly at ~2 minute average block rates.  BCH mining rewards will be exhausted at about 4-5x the rate depending on how much hash ends up being added/removed and how short the time of removal of hashing power becomes.   The real lower bound here is how much hashing power stays with the BCH chain during the difficulty lowering event.   I think virtually all miners are encouraged to shut down during this time as lowering the difficulty helps all miners.   
In the end analysis.  This is a problem with the BCH difficulty adjustment code change and the accelerated block reward payout will continue as long as the 'feature' exists in that chain.
&lt;s&gt;Great way to improve tx rates BCH.  Increase the block 2x and then increase the block discovery rate 5x, but don't have shit for users to use the chain so average block sizes are ~30-100KB..&lt;/s&gt;  Gotta hand it to the miners on that one.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:11:46
Here is what that article really says.
The price is going to $10k in 2018.  
So sell it to me below 3.8k, so you can buy it back from me above 3.8k.
I mean come on.  IF you believed BTC would be at $10k in 2018 you should be buying not just at 3.8k but everything below 3.8k TOO!.
Investing 101 - Buy low, sell HIGH.
lmao at the idiot who wrote this article.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:29:47
I wrote code a long time ago to do sector by sector copy from smaller to larger or identical HD skipping bad sectors.  ultimately if you see anything it will depend if the filesystem is encrypted/striped or not.  You might be looking at 1/2 of a striped file system.
The others point out first thing you do is be set up to do a platter copy before you start messing with it.  In fact after you do the first do a second and toss the primary and first copy HD on a shelf and work with the second.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:56:32
No it won't stabilize.  The EDA creates a permanent instability and will be gamed for extra rewards until it is removed or the block reward runs out.   Given the BCH HF was a miner created fork it isn't surprising that they would make a change that gives them 5x the designed reward rate.
 
Because the hash rate comes from BTC that chain will run permanently slower than 10min and given the amount of hashing power moving this will be more like 16-20min/block.
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:52:31
I beg to disagree - turning bits to gold with each fork.   &lt;s&gt;Gotta get to $10k/coin somehow&lt;/s&gt;.  I'd have preferred it to be with a one and only Bitcoin as these forks appear to encumber coin in both chains for a while as more and more people have to split the coins in their wallets to have clean access.
@_date: 2017-08-08 19:12:57
Congrats to all.  Well done job herding the miners with the creative UASF.
BTW:  I had an ironic thought.   Why not have the Segwit2x coin folks fork segwit off the Bitcoin Cash chain and leave the Bitcoin chain alone then everyone can have what they want with the least disruption to the current Bitcoin chain.   Ah that would make too much sense I guess so it won't happen. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 01:49:41
It is hard to make out the actual damage to the SSD.  I can see one of the NANDs and it appears to be intact and this bodes well for recovery.   I would NOT do anything with the SSD but put it in an anti-static bag and start contacting the largest most reputable recovery firms.
Here is a good article regarding recovery from HD or SSD to give you a flavor of the expertise and equipment/software required.
Most good recovery places will give you a solid estimate sometimes for free.  Also if they are a reputable well known firm they are NOT going to take your 17BTC and tell you they couldn't find anything.  A large firm literally has millions invested in their business and will have no interest in screwing you out of 17BTC.
Biggest issue will be if the wallet was encrypted as well.
The HD is likely recoverable as well based on what I see from the pictures.  I expect data recovery will not be cheap, nor is ever certain but it is best to let the experts take a look and give you a quote.   A quote should either be free or &lt; $300 and refundable off the recovery should you authorize the attempt.
I have had a number of HDs recovered and have helped a number of people in this regard.  I have yet to have need of SSD recovery.   All of this is reminding me to do some backups..
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:49:33
They are just price calling a top of wave 5 and the next bottom.  Where it goes from there - &lt;s&gt;up to the moon and beyond of course&lt;/s&gt;.  The game really is where it goes after that and with waves you don't really know.  But since they are called 'waves' you have to expect some down in there.  In fact if you want healthy markets you want back fills, and down side tests.  They give you buying opportunities and improve the health of the market.
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:34:17
I honestly don't understand why the Segwit2x crowd doesn't just do a BIP141 Soft fork on the BCH chain?
@_date: 2017-08-14 16:54:02
Don't want to put a damper on this but just FYI:
Goldman Analyst calling a 4.8k USD 5th wave (no reason for 6th!) Bitcoin top.  
BTW:  The low they believe after this ~3k - set your orders accordingly. ;)
@_date: 2017-08-04 22:00:11
Wake me up when the BRICS lock their currencies to a Gold and Silver standard.  Otherwise this is just 'all talk'.   BRICS trying to extract from the USD petrodollar has been an ongoing 'talk' theme for years now.   The problem here is that the BRICS simply don't have enough economic 'power' to extract.  The real issue is that the US still has a significant portion of world GDP and if you want US stuff you have to pay in USD.   If the OPEC nations were to go along with the BRICS on this, THAT would be significant news.   The rest of it is just talk.   Frankly I like many here would rather see something like cryptocurrency take over our FIAT functions and simply get governments out of printing money period.   They can borrow it, but in the end they have to pay it back, you are not allowed to inflate your way out of a debt problem.
Here is a thought why not use Bitcoin as the settlement layer for international trading..  Totally ubiquitous, no-one can print it and universally accepted.. (at least some day).  I think someday Bitcoin or cryptocurrencies will have more world wide acceptance and recognizably than any FIAT and in fact will be the preferred method of payment for many services.  The only reason anyone converts Bitcoin to FIAT is because we still don't have enough services that accept Bitcoin/cryptocurrency straight up.  This is the end game for Bitcoin/crypto really.  When I am a producer and ALL I will accept as payment for my product is Bitcoin (not FIAT) then and only then will we have the beginning of the death of FIAT and a complete elimination of any Central Bank FIAT hegemony over anyone.
You can bet your crypto that the USD tied world governments will fight this tooth and nail.
@_date: 2017-08-08 14:55:29
What if alien sperm exists on Mars??
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:19:26
&lt;s&gt; we have to have some way to get to $10k or higher per Bitcoin pre Aug 1 2017 &lt;/s&gt; If it takes 2 or more splits to get the combined Bitcoin value up and satisfy the different communities..  so be it.
I'm rather new to this 'sh1t show' but it appears the beauty of crypto is that when the community splits they can take the ledger with them.   What I find to be rather ironic is that splitting the coins is a great way to get higher $$ tx capacity.  It may not be ideal - but hey it is 'on-chain' somewhere! &lt;/s&gt;
Honestly when I can get some free time it looks like I need to spin up not one, but a few different nodes just to take a look at the work being done and judge this mess for myself right from the bottom of it as a network and sys admin in the code and on some actual hardware.  Bracing myself for the downloads to sync.. :/
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:46:46
It also fixes any problems of a potentially forked bitcoin due to a complete terrestrial network isolation (imagine something partitioning the internet on the planet into two or more different networks - which one is the Bitcoin again? And what about double spending?) by going Extraterrestrial with Bitcoin.
I love how reality is sometimes better than fiction.  Great job Blockstream!   Can't wait to see someone hooking into this network and posting a transaction so I can set up a station for people to use at various places.  Might be the next business opportunity.  once the hardware is there to offer a service to 'hook people/biz/govts/etc up'.
This literally allows anyone to be a bank - 
Any Where with low bandwidth relay connect and satellite downlink (aka power + electronics).  
Very cool.
I have to think they can expand this same service to broadcast other block chains as well (Extraterrestrial Ether/Alt anyone?!)..
Sounds like someone may already have plans regarding a Extraterrestrial 'internet' - are you ready for your .E_T_ domains yet?  
I can hear the promo - 
Even if the planet is gone, 
there will always be,
 E_,
 T_,
 ...... (long pause) 
reserve your 'space' NOWwwwwww.
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:14:29
(semi-serious semi-sarcastic).
Can someone tell me what is different between Bitcoin Segwit2x and Litecoin?  I'm honestly not seeing it here.   Bitcoin Cash I understand.  But if you want big blocks, fast confirms, AND segwit! 
Isn't that Litecoin?
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:36:55
Yes!  It looks like btc.top is having second thoughts as well.   I didn't include them in the above since it was not clear 'YET' what they will actually do here.
@_date: 2017-11-05 05:00:11
Dude.  20% hash means blocks will be found ON AVERAGE every 50 minutes.  NOT every day. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:51:14
You know the beauty of all of this is that Bitcoin Cash is still struggling to find a difficulty adjustment solution to correct the flawed EDA.
The plan is to fork in &lt; 2 weeks on 'something'.    I have to think the EDA may come to bite them on that hard fork.  I have been looking at the work vs. difficulty issue (as well as chain with most work definition etc.).   The whole EDA and DAA is not easy to mess with.
The more one looks at the code the more I realize how 'intricate' and 'delicately balanced' it all is.  Tug on one piece and another unwravels, etc.   I am getting a greater appreciate for Bitcoin developers and development over the last 9 years.
@_date: 2017-11-15 01:05:18
I have not been able to dig more. 
I did find that this same thing happened in May.  So I expect it has happened before.  Just seems odd when miners are moving low fee txs in blocks when there are higher fee ones right there ready to go.  
Ir might be interesting for the above site to add a graph showing distribution of fees in cleared blocks (not just the totals).  Then these events would be most clearly visible.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:23:13
I say this over and over.  It is all the people in the past buying stuff, giving bitcoin away that has put us here now.
Thank you to all of you and the person who started me off here with .01BTC gift years ago.  Try not to kick yourself on this as you all were providing the first foundations of Bitcoin not just for yourselves but others.!
@_date: 2017-11-01 23:54:06
Happy wife, happy life.
Just say'n.
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:10:05
Keep them there until after the split to automatically get the B2X.   Also seriously consider going to gdax as coinbase fees are outrageous at 1.5%+ imo.
@_date: 2017-11-01 22:27:45
This pump is to try to bring hash/difficulty economics in line before the fork.   I think the other reason is that IF BTC and B2X chains are slow people will then move to BCH, LTC, ETH etc.
One other thing.  Bitmain now only accepts BCH for miners.   So think of how this works.   Buyer A has to buy BCH to put in an order. (BCH is bought).  seller receives BCH for the product, has a vested interest in BCH doing well so they save the profit in BCH, cash in only what is required to pay off the cash outlays for the hardware being sold.    Net +BCH being bought with other peoples cash and pocketed by Bitmain as his profits.   
Net positive for BCH in the end.  In effect Bitmain supporting BCH price with all or part (say 1/3-1/2) of the profits from the Antminers.
I expect to see more of this btw.  More places anti Core/S1X/Segwit - whatever ceasing to take Bitcoin and only taking BCH.  This only works when you have a monopoly on the markets (i.e. with the AntMiners) with the things you sell but can backfire horribly later.
@_date: 2017-11-05 22:36:34
FYI.  They are numerable (i.e. finite) even if that number is quite large. :)
@_date: 2017-11-07 06:02:54
I have been looking at Bitcoin lately with a fine eye towards fees, capacity, etc..  compare 
 
you can spot the times hash moved from BTC to BCH clearly and look at the dates and how even ~10% extra speed in blocks is sufficient to clear the mempool and drive down fees to 5sat/B/ Removal (times BCH EDA) of that same ~10% causes the mempool and fees to grow to 200sat/B and beyond.
TEN PERCENT hash. 10% faster or slower block times.. 10-40x lower fees!
It means we don't need 2x now we just need 1.10-1.2x and this sounds about right to me.
If you think about it when the blocks are coming faster +10% the inflation rate is also faster (more hash is arriving to clear blocks and hence tx and taking reward faster) and a small change of 10% in inflation/speed here is sufficient to change fee/Byte by 40x!!
It means we need to figure out how to get more out of Bitcoin.  Segwit can get us to 1.8 - more than sufficient to cover this btw.
   
Miners stalled segwit about a year..  Which means the 1-1.8x growth Segwit could have taken in 12 months was lost.  In one month we got 1-1.04.
Imagine how many transactions 'will' be Segwit in 12 months, then imagine if we had that now..  Then decide who is the problem here.
This is exactly what some of the centralized powerful miners wanted and got.  To top it off they want even more of it.  Slow BTC AND B2X while BCH and other chains fly..  Hmm.  
Where is the 'profit' in that?   Fees?
Ah. Hell. What do I know?   
Those two charts just keep me coming back to a simple idea that Bitcoin could use just a means to add or remove a bit (10%?!) of capacity.  I have some ideas on this and a crazy thought.
What if one built into the protocol that a block can't be mined until it can be filled.  This way a miner can't even begin to work until they have enough transactions to fill a block.
One could put some time to % block filled metric so that it has to be 100% full &lt; 5minutes, 90% 5-10 minute, and any size after 10 minutes.
This would mean hashing power could 'only' be applied when the miner has enough tx to fill a block in the first 5 minute window.  If it doesn't have enough the miner stays idle.
Make the mining part of the network 'more' responsive to users and performing work as well as claiming the most fees, than just taking the block reward.?!
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:33:08
At time of writing B2X futures trade at .16 BTC
Unless B2X reduces difficulty out of the gate somehow (not planned) or the price ratio of BTC to B2X goes to 1:1 mining revenues will be ~1/6 on B2X chain vs. BTC as the futures currently stand.
Interestingly this ViaBTC news doesn't appear to be cratering the B2X futures (YET).
@_date: 2017-11-24 16:40:11
One mans seller is another mans buyer.   Who are the fools time will tell.
Personally I'm glad to see people taking profits.  If it hit your target then well done!!
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:28:43
Hope is eternal ;)   I wouldn't bet on that DOA unless you get seriously good odds.    B2X will have some life to be sure.  Just a few miners probably could carry it 2016 blocks to the DA.
This is going to be an epic battle between David and Goliath.  Who is David and who is Goliath depends on your perspective.
Get the popcorn popper ready!
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:19:56
umm.  IMO here.   B2X futures have been falling for past 2 days but going up over past 2 weeks.
Fact is unless current price ratio of B2X to BTC approaches 1 one of these chains will be more economic to mine.
My theory is both chains will not be economic to mine and economically driven mining will switch to BCH until they exhaust 2016 blocks and then BCH will DA to something closer to BTC/BCH but if BCH doesn't HF as they are planning the EDA can kick in to drop difficulty.  Then any remaining economic hash would move in and out of the most economic BTC/B2X chain and back to BCH. 
Right now BTC side of this appears to have the economic lead.   This is why I have stated that there will be a 3rd vector of attack on BTC and this will be on the economic side.  While I think BCH will pump into this - any price pump will be rather short lived because the more hash that jumps on to BCH the higher the difficulty will go and the faster the cheap work 2016 blocks will be mined.
Notice that BCH wants to fork at the same time to change the DA.  So this is going to completely f' up the economics.
So right now I expect BTC to continue to climb if there is going to be an economic attack.  Raise it up - bring hash over and then hammer BTC price down during the fork, and bring B2X up.  If larger players can margin short BTC while buying in other accounts - you get a nice price whipsaw and profits galore doing this.  It would be one of the greatest unregulated market manipulations in history imo.  
If you have sufficiently dedicated non-economic hash available (as claimed) this group will push the 2016 blocks required on the B2X chain and get to the DA.  In concert I expect B2X folks will do everything they can to harass and slow the BTC network to push it's DA as far off as possible (DDOS BTC mining pools, malicious nodes, transaction spam, etc. etc.)
This is about as best a test of the network, community, code and economics short of a full blown government attack one could come up with.  I'm somewhat excited to see how this plays out.
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:49:18
You seem to think there will only be 2 SHA256 chains.  There are a whole bunch.  I don't think you can ignore role of Bitcoin Cash with respect to hashing power moving around.  
see  if you don't believe me.
I think B2X will be lucky to hold 6Petahash honestly.
It is looking to me like these chains will be roughly equal in the hashing power.  What will not be equal is economic reward unless somehow magically B2X trades at par with BTC and even with BCH ultimately (and other SHA256 chains) in terms of reward/hash.
If BTC is even 2:1 in price to B2X it should not take more than a week for the economic hashing power to move to BTC even if committed to B2X.  No-one wants to make 1/2 as much as they could especially when money is at stake.  Also if BCH pays better economic hash will move there.
This gets even worse if B2X is like 1/5 the price of BTC like it is currently in the futures market.
I also keep hearing a lot of people with Bitcoin who may just call it quits and sell both BTC and B2X if it looks like B2X is going to win here.
As to your question the difficulty change is 2016 blocks.  This typically takes 2 weeks at nominal block speeds.   If hash is 1/5 then nominally it will take 10 weeks for the difficulty to adjust.
This split looks like it is going to get more support on exchanges so my bet is more people will simply move coins to exchanges for them to split (vs. waiting or dealing  with splitting them themselves and then having to move coins to an exchange to sell on slow chains) which means a lot of BTC or B2X will be trading out of the gate on this split.
Ironically the sum of BTC and B2X futures is already over 9K USD so I expect the sum of both coins after the split to be higher than before, just like with Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin.
One thing about this split and Bitcoin Cash being around.  We are going to learn quite a bit about what is and is not 'economically driven' hashing power vs. non-economic hashing power directly.
We have already learned a lot about how this is working with Bitcoin Cash oscillations driving hash to and from Bitcoin and how this affects mempool, tx rates and fee changes.
EDIT:  Add We will also learn what validating nodes and users deciding which node they will use to transact mean to the network.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:32:02
Gonna make for an interesting fork and shows that pools need to pass through miner signaling.   All of this is making me wonder about how one might verify code running IS actually what it says it is, or does what it says it will do.
I am really impressed by how Bitcoin is fleshing out all kinds of social, community, user, node, mining - consensus issues, much less technical, operational ones..
@_date: 2017-11-05 20:47:22
Maybe we should chat in private a bit.  Share our algo's.  I'm just not sure how much time I will have to put into this atm so I am loath to waste someones time.  Please do pm me if you get something you are willing to share and need feed back etc.  I think we can do better, but I know everyone is working hard on lots of stuff.  It's why I grow to love this community, even when dysfunctional stuff still gets done.
Thank you to everyone putting hard work into all the cool stuff.  I wish I was more rich in coin as I'd be sending tips to a lot of you.
@_date: 2017-11-15 00:04:16
Nah they will just fork Bitcoin Cash to make S2X.   hahaha j/k   I actually said that Bitcoin Cash could just for to get S2X a while ago.  Now that S2X on Bitcoin is called off I see no reason the couldn't do it with Bitcoin Cash.  Though I consider the probability low it will happen there.  
@_date: 2017-11-23 04:53:54
Please no f'n 0's in front of the numbers
$1T is when law makers start smelling taxes..
And this still doesn't beat the largest companies, nor is it even close to other commodities.  PM's, Oil, NG, etc.
Just like lawyers at the bottom of the ocean.
"It's a good start!"
@_date: 2017-11-07 23:45:01
I keep thinking if we know we are going to fork doesn't it make the most sense for the potential losing side to remove their available hash from the current chain to save them from having to pay more hash to do blocks after the fork?  Taking even longer in time to do it?
I think nodes should still stay up, but I think currently if you are a committed miner (to one side or another) it might make more sense to either switch your hash to another network that pays almost as much as BTC now and wait for the fork there.  
My point here is that we are already into the last 2016 period before the DA sets difficulty during the fork.
As far as I can tell no-one is really talking about pulling back some hashing power to get the next DA adjustment as low as possible.  If you are confidant you have the most hash - you want to bring on as much as possible unless you too have fixed costs to pay and can only afford so much of a hash/revenue hit during your DA adjustment period as well particularly if that revenue hit appears to be substantial.
The way I see it.  Unless the B1X or B2X price after the fork is the same or higher than BTC price before the fork the miners on that chain lose money to mine the next 2016 blocks no matter how long it takes.
Maximum amount we are talking here is current price * 2016 blocks * block reward.  I have this with BTC at 7K USD at ~176M USD.   This is the upper limit of lost revenue (I leave fixed costs out of this for simplicity).
At current numbers and assuming price ratio from coinmarketcap BTC~7000=B2X(futures ~1330) + B1X - gives B1X ~5660 or B1X/B2X reward to be ~ 19% vs. 81%.  At current price difference this means B2X miners stand to lose ~142M in mining revenue.  B1X 34M.   These losses will be determined by each chains coin price relative to BTC prior to fork.
Even at price parity miners on both sides lose 88M in lost revenue for those 2016 blocks.   If any coin price rises to above prefork price then mining becomes profitable.
Time to DA easy to calculate and basically 75% hash means just under 3 weeks to hit DA, 25% hash 8 weeks.
@_date: 2017-11-01 22:18:59
I think the two points being made here really do connect.
Satoshi talks about "financial institutions serving as trusted third parties..".   And illustrates how they can't be trusted with a quote in the genesis block "Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks"
Satoshi didn't have to say much more on the topic because he is very clear about the goals for Bitcoin - eliminate 3rd party trusted intermediaries for financial transactions because there simply isn't anyone who can be 'trusted'.  Notice who came to the 'rescue' of banks - government.
@_date: 2017-11-01 23:45:19
Quotes are used to delineate what Satoshi wrote:  The word eliminate is not in those quotes:
You are welcome to disagree with my assessment but I will point you and others to another quote regarding his goals:
"What is needed is an electronic payment system based on cryptographic proof instead of trust, allowing any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a trusted third party."
If this doesn't make it clear Satoshi wanted to 'eliminate' any trusted third parties in p2p transactions then I don't know what will.
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:23:59
I disagree and here is the data.
 This is directly related to hashing power moving from Bitcoin Cash back to Bitcoin.  See  and compare this to 
You'll notice the mempool rises when hash moves off Bitcoin to go to Bitcoin Cash and falls when it comes back.  Notice the change in Bitcoin block 'speed'.  It is on the order of 10-20% up or down from nominal 1.
This isn't spam but just general network traffic in relation to fees as well as block speed.
Everyone thought Bitcoin Cash would be bad for Bitcoin.  Honestly it has given us valuable data and 10-20% extra hash that will move on the chain when the economics sustain it.
One thing I speculate on and hope to post on this elsewhere is that now that miners seem to be able to move hash in &lt; 1hr (I think 1Peta hash can move in and out in minutes on a chain btw) it means when the fees available grow to match the block reward hash will move over to claim them.
This is all very good for Bitcoin and other SHA256 chains and has nothing to do with spam.  Just a little hash moving around trying to find more money.   It shows our miners are getting more sophisticated AND that Bitcoin benefits from 10-20% available hash moving around.  
I'm excited to see what happens when B2X forks.  Everyone thinks one of these will win.   What if they both survive to a DA. :)  Let the economics of the chains fly. :D
I predict we will see chains go slower and then faster on average.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:17:41
Appreciate your reply as I like to hear differing opinions especially well articulated ones.
You may be right on the historic data though in any case one can think of a significant change in hash rate (even 10% is sufficient with respect to mempool and fees, growing vs. not growing) blowing most fee calculators out of the water.  I simply find most of them don't provide enough information for me as a user.
I have never used RBF and not sure this will really work if the mempool is increasing as well as fees.  imo I'm probably as sophisticated as a relatively new user to this can get and I have yet to see where I could rebroadcast a transaction with a larger fee.
Personally I just monitor the mempool and wait for when it is dropping and is &lt; 10MB to broadcast transactions.  The thought here is that if the mempool is decreasing and blocks are coming in faster than nominal I probably will get the best fee and network response.  Anything else is just pissing fees into the miners winds and a stuck transaction..
Notice I stayed away from talking about block size here.  I made other posts remarking on how with Bitcoin Cash we see the real network, fee effects of even 10% hash moving in and out of Bitcoin.
As to block spammers.  If the fees are low use cases rise - spamming among them.  I agree that as the block reward decreases and is eventually zero mining rewards will have to be paid for by fees.
Lastly to your last.  Great comment btw that all transactions have a hidden $35USD fee due to the block reward.  It makes me think some thought should be put into portioning the existing reward for blocks that are full vs. ones that are empty and not just finding one since the whole point of making a block from user perspective is to put some transactions in there. ;)
BTW:  I still think a useful fee feature would be to tell the user what the expected time to clear a block is based on a good chunk of history because it is all we have.  This way even if the fees are rising the user still has a rather reliable historic metric to gauge the likelihood of a transaction crossing the network in a given time.  This all goes to heck if a fork happens - in that case major warnings about network stability and security should be thrown up.  That is something we can measure and report.
An additional feature is to look at mempool and block speed trends over past say 10 and 100 blocks as this will give the user an idea of whether the network is clearing or clogging up.
If I get some time in my busy schedule I plan on looking at constructing a web page or something that provides this info to people (including myself) and take a look at historical data with test transactions to see how well the model would work and get some feed back from others on how to improve it.
Thanks again for the reply.
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:58:57
I already worked this.   They are not going to push difficulty up imo.  Honestly think they will lower it on BTC just to have a difficulty that isn't that bad for B2X as well.   The chains will be slow but the nodes and user community with money will be deciding.  For the first few days I expect this to be ugly but we will know a winner within the first week with 90% probability.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:23:23
I'm thinking if miners continue to remove support for S2X we might see another pop.
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:55:42
They won't even need to if they are on an exchange already.   I thought same thing that a faster chain will allow faster dumping.. :)  I don't think it is that simple.   I simply feel that the available hash is not going to go to just BTC or B2X, there is BCH and other SHA256 chains out there.   I agree with all your points though.
@_date: 2017-11-01 03:49:06
stop hunt to zero..   
i talked about futures potentially killing btc.  these people just print up or down entire markets.  commodities, energy, pms, bonds, RE, you name it.   Once they create a 'token' contract that settles in cash that represents BTC it is pretty much game over for Bitcoin scarcity. 
I have speculated the people in the crypto class are more likely to spend their gains - stimulating the 'e-con-omy' than any other class.   It would make sense for CB (Central banks) s to FIAT pump these markets and make a hundred thousand or so millionaires..  Gotta make people who can actually afford $1-2M RE (real estate) or higher..
Every time I do the math on this kind of pump I'm thinking $100B to ~$1T or so..  (10x current) 50-60k BTC ..   I think $21T ($1M/coin) is massively overbought..    But possible with inflation massive world debt in say 20-30 years..  &lt;s&gt;Then again we could have negative interest rates. &lt;/s&gt;
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:58:46
Thanks for posting this.   Great to see the US shipping is very reasonable. :)   
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:24:33
Well put DesignerAccount.
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:58:39
I'm still watching and evaluating the new BCash DAA.   As to Bitcoin mempool I already looked at some blocks and it looks like at least one miner is mining blocks with 1/2 the transactions being 0-15sat/Byte low fee transactions.  But only did it for a day or so.   I just took a quick scan of block 493104 around 11/5/2017 when you can see those low fee mempool tx decreasing.   
This was the first time I saw low transaction fee txs clear without the higher ones going first.  The 493104 block was at ~50% full of them.  
So far I see no-one commenting on this fact..
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:19:44
FYI;   In an Article by Coindesk yesterday
ViaBTC will not support 2x
@_date: 2017-11-06 14:40:17
Not an expert but my understanding of this is that if coded as a more restrictive than original can be a soft fork (i.e. if the new method fails or a node can't accept the new method fall back on a old one).
Second point since I listened to the talk.  Even if you have to have specific ordering you theoretically get a factor of 2 (not a factor of 10).
I think the basic idea here is sound.  When the mempool is large most nodes will already have most of the transactions listed so one doesn't need to actually send the entire data set but just a subset.  
Graphene is a first shot and trying to use this already distributed information to save further space when transmitting a block.
Interesting but as others have noted transaction ordering is important.  What it looks like is if some constraint on the block transaction ordering can be created that preserves other features then this method could be quite effective at reducing amount of data that needs to be sent to provide enough info for block reconstruction.   The result probably would land somewhere between the optimal 10x and 2x improvement but some work regarding transaction ordering needs to be worked on as well.
@_date: 2017-11-07 03:55:05
Nice post.  I hope to digest this a bit more and run it against my own analysis of the space.
You have me interested in what 'products' for BTC 'could' focus on internal governance, development, and population (I guess you mean user?) stability.   I'm not sure if these are products or 'features' of Bitcoin that even could be managed effectively.
Thanks again for sharing the thought provoking analysis.
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:15:05
I agree with this.  The system IS confusing and shitty in most cases.   I made a suggestion and am working on the code formulation for the suggestion I made in another post in this thread.
"I think when fees are calculated in applications they need to be aware of the mempool fee data (like in  ) and then give an average time for their tx to get into a block based on the fee set and allow the user to adjust this."
The fee issue is kind of tricky because one never knows if the steady state of the network over the past 3 months say has changed for the next 3 months.   Generally I think the higher the fees go the less people will transact so this balances out somewhat.
I'm also convinced given Bitcoin Cash and other SHA256 chain economics we will continue to see hash moving into and out of Bitcoin.  This means that overall many transactions with vastly different fees will clear in significantly different time frames.
This is good for Bitcoin and all other SHA256 coins as long as there is 10% work willing to move based on economic rewards.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:10:43
I think everyone here is missing an important change in mining.
Miners prioritizing low fee transactions before high fee ones.
This is the first time I've seen low fee transactions clear the mempool before high fee ones.
See.   
I had to locate the block region and found a block which showed these low fee tx's clearing.   493104 (date region is around 11/5/2017)
Of note is 0-5/5-10 Sat/B transactions actually being cleared.   ALso notice the miner is "unknown" or "?".  I have not looked at subsequent blocks here.
I looked carefully at block 493104 so far and see generally a lower Fee accumulation in the block &lt;1BTC with at least 50% of the transactions clearing were in the 4-15Sat/Byte level.
My questions are as follows:  1 Can someone with better tools confirm which blocks cleared low fee transactions and whether we have any information on which miner(s) are doing this and whether it was the reason the low fee mempool tx's decreased during that time.
Next question I have already come up with an answer to is:
If above is true, what reason would miners clear lower fee tx's vs. higher fee ones?
@_date: 2017-11-24 16:45:15
I can't echo this enough.   I have been debt free for decades.  Used to have a business credit card and was at top of rankings.   Switched to a cash backed card and now even after buying and paying in full for a house have 'NO CREDIT SCORE'.
Looks like one doesn't get credit unless one already has credit, and buying and paying off a house far before loan maturity apparently doesn't count any more.
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:07:34
I did 3 transactions yesterday with a fee of 21sat/byte.
Total cost ~$2.  Sure it could have been $1 or even less but I wanted to make sure these cleared before upcoming fork.
I hope to have time to make a new post but I think Bitcoin Cash has actually been good for Bitcoin because the driving of ~10-20% hashing power on and off Bitcoin shows everyone how even a little extra tx rate reduces fees by over 10-20x.
This will become even more exaggerated after the fork depending on hash/reward economics and how many players are moving hash based on economics.
I expect this fork like Bitcoin Cash is going to give us a LOT of information on the state of the community, robustness of the network, whether hash is economic or politically driven etc.
All one had to do is wait until the hash that went to BCH moved back to BTC to clear a transaction quickly in BTC for ~5-10% of the fee. 
To everyone who thinks a 10sat/Byte fee is high.    Check with your bank how much it costs to do a wire or western union.   Even credit cards are going to charge someone 2-3% which is over $1 on a $50 transaction.
Oh and this fee depending on your inputs scales to $100k, $1M, or $1B.
I think when fees are calculated in applications they need to be aware of the mempool fee data (like in  ) and then give an average time for their tx to get into a block based on the fee set and allow the user to adjust this.
@_date: 2018-03-12 02:25:35
Dollar depreciation.  Rework that chart in terms of Gold value.  It stays pretty much flat.
EDIT:  Factor in dollar depreciation into the Bitcoin $1M equation
@_date: 2018-03-12 02:14:05
Well if blockchain technology can improve not just all corporate productivity by at least 10% (WORLDWIDE) but all governments, central banks, health care, etc. Do you honestly think if something could save the world $1-2T/yr (a conservative estimate btw) that it could not be worth $20T?
Your problem is you are thinking about crypto from a company perspective vs. a productivity improvement perspective.
I remember a EU government talk where legislators were saying that blockchain technology could easily save Europeans something like $1-2B EU/year just in money transfer fees.   That was just one example given with numbers.
I have other reasons why I think $1M/Bitcoin is somewhat stretched but no reason the entire crypto complex could not have a $20T market cap with Bitcoin commanding 10-20% (2-4T) of that cap.  This puts us nearer 100-200k/coin.
@_date: 2018-03-11 23:16:29
I always look at this from a game theory perspective.
Ask yourself is it more profitable to tax or kill crypto ?
I think governments and central banks have been trying to figure out how to get people to accept digital currency so they can kill physical fiat so right now they are not standing in the way of crypto.  Now that we hit close to $1T market cap they are looking at ways to manage these markets..
Right now the real commerce for crypto is 'tiny' compared to real economies.   When 'people' can bypass going to FIAT for things and therefore bypass 'taxation' to the tune of oh say 5-10% of their real national economies.   That is about the time legislators will change their tune.
Another threat will come from crypto that completely obfuscates the public ledger so money/coin can't be traced.   I think between the status of ICO's as securities, and using the ledgers to track transactions is about where legislators will stand up.   I honestly think legislators are behind the curve here and will be 'reacting' in retrospect vs. proactively acting looking forward.   This is because western governments will be getting new tax revenues, and seeing new commerce/economies emerging.   Their problem will be when mom and pop joe six pack has crypto in their retirement accounts across the planet.   They simply won't be able to 'stomp' crypto easily without causing a massive economic crisis (crypto will become the too large to fail in that case).  What they will have to do is legislate what crypto is legal, and what is not.   Their biggest problem is what to do about taxes but honestly if a significant number of governments mandates say a .02-.1% transaction fee for all bitcoin transactions be put into the blockchain tech otherwise face being illegal do you think people will go for it or no?   Hell they basically could even be clever about it and say the 'tax' is some fraction of the total block fee that would otherwise go to miners (say 10-20%).   Coins that balk become illegal, coins that say 'sure' get government support are made legal.
There are myriads of ways the governments can 'get their take' tax wise on crypto.   I see no real reason at this time for governments to put up much resistance to crypto.   crypto is one of the fastest growing economic spaces on the planet.   $1B to $1T in what 5 years, with the potential to be $10-50T?  I don't think google or apple even grew that fast.
Sometimes one has to put this into a real pragmatic perspective.  I understand the cyberpunks perspective here.  I also understand IF governments find a reason to coordinate and kill crypto you can bet your bitcoin they can and will do some serious damage.
@_date: 2018-03-12 02:50:26
Ok man.  Clearly you are of firm belief that you are right.   How about this.  Take a look at the DOW chart and covert the price of the DOW into oz of gold over the same period.   You seem to believe the USD is stable.  It isn't nor will it ever be.   Virtually every real item costs more in USD terms simply because the USD is not stable by any tangible metric and is constantly devaluing.   In fact there isn't one FIAT currency on the planet that isn't devaluing.     will give you a great example about how one tangible asset does actually seem to maintain value over the long term and growth numbers relative to FIAT are significantly over exaggerated compared to numbers relative to gold.
But hey continue to live in your USD is stable world and think about money/value relative to a constantly and quickly devaluing currency.   This concept of comparing values of things with devaluing currencies is flawed right out of the gate and leads to all kinds of crazy statements about 'gains' and 'growth' etc.   It is how $1M Bitcoin is conceivable, but not because $1M will buy you the same amount tomorrow as today. 
Oh and one last thing because anyone who argues with you seems to be a dumb ass.  Yep I understand completely that blockchain tech does not need to connect to bitcoin.   But if you think that Bitcoin devalues dramatically because of this I disagree.   I think increased blockchain use will reinforce the value of Bitcoin not take away from it.   This is about as far as I care to go with you given your style and tone of discourse.
Good day sir.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:55:57
someone randomly will have bought the bottom or sold the top.   I get those once in a very rare while.   As a rule no-one gets either.
This is why you should be looking to sell when you have good profits (2x).  normally 2x will take 10 years - not 2 months.
The one thing that gets me about crypto is how once a direction is decided (up or down) it always moves further and longer than I could have ever imagined.
Waiting with more cash for lower buys if they should happen.  As a long time holder using the opportunity to use cash obtained by into the rise from 10k to 20k to add to positions below 10k.   So I for one will end up with more crypto and cash during this event.
I think there will be many more who will come out of woodwork after selling to start buying again if bitcoin goes sub 5k.
Guessing the bottom.  Not possible.
@_date: 2018-03-11 22:59:42
Umm.  I'm thinking 2008-2009 US/EU/Japan coordinated QE to the tune of $10T USD or more.  Probably the most impressive world wide coordination effort I've ever seen.  You can look this fact up but virtually all of the Head Central Bankers came through the US banking system.  They all basically know each other pretty well.   These people are 'appointed' not 'elected'.   They also have control over vast swaths of the financial landscape either directly or indirectly.
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:30:22
Actually look up charts on    Historically Gold within perhaps a factor of 2 or 3 has pretty much stayed on par with typical things you would buy.
A house/farm
A carriage/horse/car
A month of lodging with or without food
What is clear is that FIAT when not backed by anything tangible devalues quickly.
Here is what I find interesting.   The first bump to over $1T for US national debt occurred during early 80's (Reagan and his 'trickle down economics').   The second was with Bush and the war on Terror and to deal with the economic hiccups, the last was with Obama to try to pull us out of the 2008 financial crisis.  $1T now is a drop in the debt bucket.   Great thing for the US to pawn devaluing FIAT on bond holders.  Sure get 1-3% return and hope to f'n hell inflation doesn't eat that value away over time.
You can look at this in terms of raw FIAT or a better metric GDP.  No matter how you look at it the last time the US was this bad was the depression and WWII.
Literally most of the western world is running deficits in the range of 100-200% GDP and contrary to what the above link portrays isn't going down.
Wait for the next major economic crisis when pretty much a fly farting in the wind will be too big to fail and debt to GDP grows to over 200% across the western world.
We shall see how throwing money to maintain a 'growth mode' economy on a planet that has finite resources getting more expensive to extract will work.    
Frankly I see the results in pitri dishes all the time.   
Massive exponential growth with massive catastrophic collapse.
Pretty much tells me all the blather about how humans are something better than bacteria is a load of shit.   But hey if humans can somehow find a plentiful source of energy and get off the planet - then everything we did will be fine.   We might leave the planet as a excrement filled poisonous cesspool.  But if we leave it for a few thousand or hundred thousand years the planet will clean itself up nicely.   Bonus potential will be that the addition of greenhouse gases will push the temperature up enough so the planet doesn't descend into another ice age for a few hundred thousand years.
@_date: 2018-02-08 18:20:24
I call that the 1 ppm  (part per million) club and yes if you just use outstanding it is more like 16.85Btc at this point.
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:43:49
Someone needs to re-do the math..  Here is some help.
BTC currently trading on my screens at 8.7k.   A run to 17.4k is a 100% gain.   A run to new ATH of 20k a 129% gain.   A 50% gain from 8.7k is 13.05k
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:16:19
I suggest you read up on the topic.  Such actions will not stop bots but simply change their behavior.
EDIT:  I will add if you are actually making money of this - it would not be a problem.  Use the bots to your advantage.  Once you learn of a vulnerability take advantage.
@_date: 2017-09-09 20:30:09
I now know why they called this Bitcoin Cash..  
Because with a easily executable 51% attack miners can double spend.  
Oh and hey if that is too much trouble for you they can just game the still available EDA to manufacture some more coins..
Oh so many ways for miners to 'cash in' with Bitcoin Cash..  I keep counting the days till another EDA event or a miner double spend on Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-03-12 02:04:20
Ah hell I'd be happy if it was $500k he ate one of his nuts.   He can have his dick and eat a ball.   Everyone wins.
@_date: 2017-09-22 15:44:53
Perhaps, perhaps not.   What if you gain more by playing the network?  
Add/remove hash rate at your discretion.
Sometimes one can do more damage by being a bad actor than by removing actors.
@_date: 2018-02-08 18:26:58
One suggestion.   Keep a journal using the transaction records.
Date, coin +amount, price, fees, total cost for entry in the buy side.   I keep a second sell column next to the first that I fill in when I close the buys with sells.
I don't know what tax jurisdiction you are in, but at some point you are going to sell, and you won't want to be going back to find the above data for the buys to calculate 'gains'.
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:22:47
No prohibition means Chinese hashing power is now effectively state sponsored and state controlled, anyone who thinks otherwise is deluding themselves.
Chinese miners being left alone by the government basically confirms a working speculation that the Chinese govt is actively working against Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-18 20:28:38
Don't count your crashes before the planned boating accident happens.
Said the same things over a decade ago, just keep pumping for the dumping.   Nothing new except a bit of lipstick on the rotting pig.   She'll be good for another decade at least!
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:36:06
Some people see problems as 'opportunities'.
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:09:08
I have been doing analysis on this situation.  My own analysis (not ready to be published openly) suggests a high likelihood this is an attack on Bitcoin Core (developers primarily, but users, and the entire network).   It also suggests the attackers are fully prepared to destroy Bitcoin to accomplish their goals.
I only have one technical issue I'm trying to get a handle on.    
Are the SegWit 'anyone can spend' transactions - redirectable?   Meaning if someone sends a SegWit type transaction on one network, can the inputs of that transaction then be re-directed to another output on the other network?  EDIT:  Let me be clear here.  I'm considering this in relation to S2X HF and the split chains.  I think it is clear if the network follows consensus rules, and no 51% attack occurs those coins are secure.  So there are two issues 1) if there is any added security issues created by the Segwit implementation if the chain splits.  2)  Are there increased security vulnerability vectors induced by Segwit if a 51% attack could happen?
I have already done the analysis on the "True/False" case on this. I just want to know if anyone has an answer to whether the above IS True or False?
ADDITION:  If you don't think the hashing power will move into and out of the Core chain to mess with it.  See  and look at BCH for how quickly hash can move around and also that there is no solid mining commitment to support BCH to eliminate EDA gaming, much less any discussion of eliminating the EDA in software.   I think a significant rethink of block rewards/POW etc. will have to occur once S2X hits as I expect hashing power to move around massively.   This S2X fork probably will be one of the biggest tests of the resilience of Bitcoin software/network as well as the community.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:11:09
Look carefully at what happened.  The BCH fork with the gamed EDA gave us a lot of data regarding the available hashing power and ability to move around as well as what this does to tx rates vs. block speed on the BTC chain.   Biggest thing that happened here was that the Bitcoin difficulty dropped because of hashing power moving to BCH.  Once one or more miners acted against self interest to support the BCH chain with .5-1Exahash of hashing power gaming the EDA became difficult to impossible all of this after only 2 cycles, and suddenly no more gaming the EDA..
What we have now is even more hash power coming on line to BTC and this is driving block speeds slightly up on BTC.
What I find most interesting about this and you can take the fork.lol data and compare it to 
The two peaks in august correspond exactly to when 3Exahash was bouncing between BTC and BCH dropping block discovery rates in BTC by ~20% and then increasing them ~15%.
What we have now is more hashing power in BTC than before the split and a lower difficulty, the upcoming difficulty adjustment up in BTC will be rather significant relative to the hashing power there.   I'm a bit concerned someone is dropping 'extra' hashing power on BTC atm so when the difficulty adjusts upwards then can pull the power and again slow down the BTC speed (and clog the network) for a while.  BCH hash rate notice is staying precisely constant while BTC hash rate goes up by 10-15% here in the past couple days.  (new ASICboost coming on line, and BTC difficulty adjustment?!)
What is going on with BCH is not normal selfish mining behavior as that hashing power can do better mining BTC atm.
Also interesting note that I'm pretty sure most people didn't notice and that is that BCH is rather easily 51% attacked at this point.  It was particularly vulnerable when the EDA was being gamed.  Fortunately a lot of places had large numbers of confirms on BCH and I don't think the miners that could pull off the 51% attack had any interest in screwing around with their new coin..
Keep this in the back of your heads here with BCH because I'm pretty sure I saw 1Exahash of mining power moving fairly quickly into and out of BTC and now we see that 1Exahash magically popping up to mine BTC this weekend.
How convienent this occurs just before the next BTC difficulty adjustment.  It will be interesting to see if this !1Exahash of power actually moves or just disappears after the BTC difficulty adjustment.
@_date: 2017-09-19 15:43:20
Given China is closing access of Yuan to Bitcoin and vice versa by closing Yuan/Bitcoin exchanges one has to wonder how long China will allow Chinese mining shops to stay open.
I saw a reddit post where someone pointed out 2/3 of the hash power on BTC was Chinese, 1/3 the rest of the world. 
Here is my basic question.
If Chinese authorities are shutting down exchanges is it consistent for them to shut down miners as well? 
If Chinese authorities don't shut down miners can we now presume (since they should and could have shut them down) that miners are now acting under direct government approval, guidance?
What are the implications for Bitcoin or any other coin where more than 50% of the available hash power is controlled by a single government?
@_date: 2017-09-20 15:48:29
Given recent Chinese actions to shut down Exchanges..
The longer Chinese government allows mining operations to continue unabated the greater the concern of single point control of over 2/3 the Bitcoin hashing power.
To attack.. - attack on as many fronts as possible to overwhelm an opponent.  To attack Bitcoin, attack Core (Code/People), consensus(people), and with majority hashrate(power/security/network).  These alone expose pretty large attack areas to various organized Bitcoin attackers.  Heaped on is another coin split (Bitcoin Cash and threatened 2xSegWit).
We will know soon if Chinese government reactions are more about expelling Bitcoin vs. outright destroying it by any and all means necessary.   The Chinese government may realize/find they can't destroy Bitcoin, but they could be dead set to 'harass it' as much as possible for as long as possible.
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:15:59
A broken clock is right twice a day.  Zero Hedge is right perhaps once a day.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:44:16
I keep wondering that now I have sync'd and running full node if I should just pull my node and keep it in reserve for later.
Any thoughts on this from experts?  I do have available IPs so I may just make some clones ready to come up later..
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:25:37
I tend to agree.
Nodemate sync'd and on deck.
It would really be nice if B2X would fork cleanly with replay etc.  But it doesn't look like this will happen.
Just waiting, watching and learning.
I'm honestly impressed with the software, pretty amazing code.
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:40:58
And there it is.
From  the BCH/BTC difficulty is 5.67% or in above terms the ratio is 17.64.  Price ratio now 18.24
There appears to be very controlled block finding on BCH now.  Whatever hash is there is mostly non-economic at this point from what I can tell.   Notice the recent difficulty lowering did not make the BCH chain more economic to mine.
This is extremely controlled hashing power being applied here to effectively manage the EDA adjustments to now try to keep the effective returns just below BTC for the time being.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:17:34
You know none of this includes the forked coins ;)
@_date: 2017-09-08 15:18:00
I don't think I ever used ChangeTip.  I'm somewhat new to reddit.  I just wanted to post some observations, and deductions and now thank people for sentiment.
I looked to see what happened after the BTC difficulty retarget and just as suggested total hashing power dropped a bit after the BTC retarget, but literally 1Exahash is in the noise here.   Block speeds look reasonable on both chains.   BCH is slightly more profitable atm than BTC so I guess some hash moving to BCH is normal.   The total going down a bit will take more time to resolve a long term overall total hashing power drop.
I do see the next difficulty adjustment took us just above the recent highest and BTC block speeds are still just over nominal.
Next few days should be interesting.  BCH will retarget in next couple of days as well.
I think the biggest thing for me was seeing the mempool in BTC cranking up when block speeds were 15min or longer, and then it dropping when block speeds were faster.   What this shows me is that even a slight increase in block discovery speed can significantly reduce a loaded up mempool and clear out transactions, and a slight decrease starts filling it.    All of this says something about how to address transaction speed from a network perspective.   I just don't see a clean solution to help this that is not a Hard Fork.
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:04:13
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:03:34
Two points here.  First if they want BTC they must have cash to cover the value of house or the house is paid off.   If that is true and they want BTC they could borrow on the house and buy BTC.   Think of it like short selling your house and going long BTC with proceeds.
Hurry Bitcoin is still below $6k.   They should have done this some time ago.
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:19:18
open port 8333 if I remember right and verify you can accept incoming connections via.
  - either search, or if the IP is correct by default at the bottom of the page hit "Check Node" and see what the status is.  Otherwise type in the IP other nodes would use to connect to you and hit "Check Node"
@_date: 2017-10-03 21:24:46
0.15.0.1 syncing up as i write.    
Anyone thinking about having actual mining nodes as well? 
@_date: 2017-10-03 18:18:03
And that is the exact point Kalin.  If someone wants to HF it is up to them to implement HF protection.   Oh and by definition a HF is one that REQUIRES all NODES to UPGRADE their software to run the new consensus rules of that FORK.   It is a matter of courtesy to all the other nodes that are NOT upgrading to add some form of replay protection.  This is for your new users as well as the old ones.
If the HF consensus doesn't add any protection it is a middle finger not just to their new users but to all the other ones.
Such a fork is not about new technology being better (S2X is basically LTC in technology) but about harassing everyone and exposing people to financial loss and creating network chaos.
@_date: 2017-09-04 14:51:47
You must have &lt;s&gt; tags on that.   Here is the deal - alts are good for stabilizing the primary coin, just as the primary coin movements up are good for alts.
Similarly primary coin drops, so do alts, mostly because of pairings.
I have warned of this before and will again.  Major players getting involved with crypto derivatives, and big money coming into these markets means major price gyrations.  Position to take advantage.
Realize something here.  A $10k+ Bitcoin will be reached after a crapload of 20% up and down moves.
Buy the dips!   Sell the runs.  Make money.  Never be all in or all out.
How many times has the end of crypto been predicted??
@_date: 2018-02-27 01:17:31
I've analyzed this in a few different ways.
First and most obvious is US Debt or US GDP - both are similar these days.  This is a sizeable portion of total world debt but still a minuscule fraction of total denominated wealth (if you include all the derivatives contracts etc.).   Estimates of total notional wealth are in the 1000's of Trillions.    US Debt/GDP on the order of that $21T.
That drops you easily to $1M but one would assume that Bitcoin wealth equates to the total US Debt.
Looking at it from a bottom up perspective.  $1M Bitcoin basically means 1Satoshi is .01USD.   Last time I looked the minimum size transaction 'dust' is listed at around 5400Satoshi's.  Which if $1M Bitcoin is hit would be $54USD.   I'm not sure whether the 1Sat/B or (1000Sat/kB) tx fee is the minimum as well.   If this 1000Sat/kB is the effective fee limit, at $1M Bitcoin the minimum you can send based on dust limits is $54, cost to send $10.
If this is incorrect please do let me know as I consider the highest price Bitcoin can reach to still be useful for transactions to be directly related to the minimum amount one can send + the minimum tx fee as a percent of the tx amount.  In the above example this is a ~20% fee.
It doesn't mean Bitcoin can't reach $1M or exceed it, but simply that minimum transaction amounts in USD are going to be significantly higher unless something is changed in the default mining and node configs.
I am aware that a miner with significant hashing power can pass transactions that have lower dust limits and 0 fees.  But those right now are special case situations and not the default configuration. 
I am not an expert and if someone sees what I am say is in error please correct and provide links to references. 
Thank you.
EDIT:  Only to add here.  Am aware that Lightning or secondary chains can change this easily.  I'm just looking at 'on chain' transactions in the above calculations for simplicity.    There is another issue and that is paying for the mining activity.  I have left this part out of the above calculations for simplicity.
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:46:45
@_date: 2017-10-15 04:44:25
I chose ETH as  simply because it has a completely different eco-system.  LTC is basically Bitcoin S2X with a faster block.  Inherently I thought ETH was more interesting than LTC.
LTC became more interesting when it looked like it might be the testbed for Bitcoin code changes.   A great live test net for Bitcoin and the front runner on technology when Bitcoin development stalls.
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:22:34
I am going to add.   Using non-economic hash to try to reduce gaming of the EDA to keep BCH mining rewards below BTC is only a kind of 'stop gap' measure.  Once BCH mining rewards grow to above BTC the 2016 blocks will be mined at a rate related to the ratio of the amount of 'economic hash that follows money' to the 'non-economic hash that was supporting BCH when it was non-economic to mine'.
The real problem here isn't the EDA itself but the asymmetric way difficulty adjustments are applied.   The DA can go down or up in the same time frame.  Any adjustment to this also has to move up and down in the same time frame otherwise the coin will be vulnerable.  We will see this once mining BCH becomes more profitable than BTC and another 2016 BCH blocks fly through.
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:29:27
F'd up seriously.  Here is a solution for all the exchanges.
Call the forks BTC1, and BTC2.  Call 1 BTC = 1 BTC1 + 1 BTC2.     Later on when they want to declare a 'winner' they basically cease BTC, BTC1, BTC2 trading.   Issue all users that hold BTC (long or short positions) corresponding BTC1 and BTC2 positions.   THEN rename BTC1 or BTC2 (which ever is the winner) BTC and swap BTC tokens for BTC1 or BTC2..
This is the simplest and cleanest way to deal with these forks that people won't have a problem figuring out how to deal with.   Causes ZERO confusion and is clean from an accounting to coin deposited perspective.
The only issue would be they will have to halt trading to swap the Exchange BTC tokens for BTC1 and BTC2 once there is a clear winner.   Leave the name Bitcoin as the combined coins BTC1 and BTC2 until that clear winner emerges.  Since they are going to add B2X anyway why not add BTC1 and BTC2 right now with BCH btw..
@_date: 2017-09-22 15:02:17
Begs a question of whether PBOC will feel like they have enough control over the BTC mined.   
If those miners end up behind govt locked doors I think they will have no issue with them.  ;)
The most perfect situation depending on goals is that either the miners are already under PBOC control and don't need to be messed with, or they aren't and can't be effectively put under control and need to be 'put under control' or 'shut down'.   In either case they would like this to be done without 'public report' (other than false information to crash the market repeatedly to make money shorting) so I don't expect anything to be said and 'Chinese hashing to continue unabated'.
Just follow the electricity and the Bitcoin. :)  Then look at who gains from crashing this market.  The sooner Bitcoin becomes more resistant to these types of threats the better.  I'm glad the Japanese are stepping up.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:01:14
So lets see everyone holding 1BTC is basically a millionaire in 5 years.   That would be impressive but probably unlikely.   Sounds like we have to get to about 200M addresses with $1 or more of BTC to make that happen.  Definitely doable.  
This would give an overall BTC market cap of about $21T - also fits as well.   crypto in total would be ~50T+ market.
This would require a pretty strong shift in money over that time.   I think this is somewhat optimistic.  But I can see Bitcoin matching market value of gold pretty easily here.   So another 10x in 3-5 years imo is pretty easily do-able.
Best way to jump start the economy would be for Central Banks to start buying crypto :) to pump money into the economy as well as give them some control over the markets.   But then again they could just as easily get their legislative buddies to make coins that don't have certain charactistics (like trackability) illegal.
The limiting factor here on avg address BTC will be average fees in BTC compared to average address value in BTC (i.e. transaction cost as a % of address value).  Right now fees are .1-.5mBtc (minimum) so working address values need to be &gt;1-5mBtc or higher.
Take those 21M coins and split them into .1Btc values and we get that 200M working addresses with &gt; $1 so again doable but I think these numbers are the hard upper limit of real value based on what we are seeing in fees.  I expect actual top value to be somewhat under this.  Again the $100k/BTC is probably a realistic high value in 3-5 years.   If fees actually drop in some way for users this can climb higher.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:39:30
Ah my apologies.   I thought I looked at this and it was banning everything except 0.15 nodes but I may be thinking of another post.
Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2017-10-15 04:47:08
Yeah I was looking up where I 'ranked' some time ago.   I was like wow - a lot of addresses have way more than me.   Then I was thinking if people hold a lot of coin and are smart they probably divide their coin like me into different addresses/wallets.  Made me think the actual number of people holding 1BTC or more is less than that 600-700k.
@_date: 2017-10-22 16:55:01
lol.  I have used that with friends and done it with a few alts I think have interesting potential.  Buy double what I will keep for long haul, set a high price &gt; 2x buy price limit sell.  Wait for a spike that tags your sell, claim cash, move to next ALT.  If it drops I just hold or add depending on what I am seeing in the e-coin-omy for that coin.
Each person has to weigh their risk/reward profiles and adjust investment portfolios.  This person owns stocks, and may also have a house, AND be debt free.   There is absolutely no reason for them to sell except to portfolio re-balance or if price targets are hit.
Best advice is to make sure you have cleared debt (I see people going into debt to buy coin - and while everyone doing that has been lucky so far, it is a gambling mentality, not an investment mentality unless you have so many assets you consider debt an asset class (against fast inflation and because of tax write offs)).
Most people are not in the debt as an asset class situation.
I no longer offer advice on whether to buy or sell except generally with the above.   I still know many people with ZERO exposure to crypto in their investment portfolios and loads of people saying "its too late".   Yeah man we are less than 10 years into the equivalent of a world crypto financial grid being erected, how long did it take for AC power to cover most of the world..?  30-50 years?
@_date: 2017-10-11 04:27:50
The best thing people did was give away Bitcoin - at all prices.
I suspect more people were brought into crypto by someone gifting them Bitcoin than any other single thing including faucets.
@_date: 2017-10-19 14:24:32
I feel sorry for the people who have to endure this shit.  Whether it is 'hyper-inflation' or 'normal-inflation'.
Did anyone notice how the banks are already crippling USD withdrawals.
Amazing that crypto can actually address these kinds of financial problems.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:00:43
I think that contract end should read.
The following 4 participants (Charlie, Ben, Alex, Tuur) will each deposit 250Btc to an address..
Roger Ver will deposit a total of 1000BTC divided into 4 addresses with 250Btc.
Otherwise one should make 4 contracts for 250Btc between Roger and the other 4 parties.   Contracts that have contradictory or have unclear language are usually 'invalid' and therefore 'unenforceable' by law.
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:46:49
I'm at 99.07% or 1415 blocks left - 9 days behind.   Took me like 10 days (on and off) to do it.
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:34:01
coinbase takes 1.5% fee on top of either side of the spot quote.  
If spot price is 8500:
Coinbase listed buy price is going to be 8500 times 1.015 = 8627.5.   
Sell side is 8500 times .985=8372.5.   
Normally the spot price is fluctuating so you will see these prices move up or down so you never get a clear picture of this spread (it could widen or close depending on the order you look at the prices sell-buy, buy-sell and whether the spot market is moving up or down between the times of checking).
If you use an exchange.  Say gdax which is run by coinbase.  The fee structure is different.  0% fees if you are a market maker (i.e. you post a limit order that is filled by a market order) and starts at .25% and goes down to as low as .1% based on your 30day volume if you are making a market order.
Clearly you save 1.25% if you open a gdax account and use that to buy/sell vs. using Coinbase.
Ask why ?  Because Coinbase is designed to make buying and selling 'easy' for noobs and gdax is for traders and requires somewhat more sophistication to use.    Coinbase has good reason not to let you know that you could just sign up for gdax and save yourself the 1.25% on the fees since they get AT BEST 1/12th the fees for the same amount of crypto changing hands on a gdax trade vs. a coinbase one when you work out the details and do the math.
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:34:07
And it begins..
@_date: 2017-10-07 08:25:44
Was just about to comment elsewhere the same thing on where the cost of this brilliant idea just landed.  
Lets see if I have this right.
So to split out S2X coins according to the above..  
ON the S1X chain I do the following:
1) Pony up for a tx cost, 
2) figure out how to send 1sat to 3Bit addy on some wallet, etc as described above
3) that some node will accept,  
4) to a miner who will put that tx - on the S1X network/chain, and
5) finally for that work every S1X node gets 3Bit UXTO bloat..
If this is basically correct.  It makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside to know how much the developers on S2X are using the S1X to take care of securing their S2X users funds, and how much work I as a possible future S2X user could go through even trying to make it happen, much less the angst and loss when I invariably screw it up and lose not just my S2X coin but also my S1X coin.
&lt;s&gt; Yeah that really sounds like top notch professional software development that I want to have most of my life savings in. &lt;/s&gt;
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:36:28
Hey if B2X is so great and is a clear winner by nodes, hash, and economics why NOT respect the entire community and fork CLEANLY.
This is not the only problem with this fork but I consider it the PRIME technical issue that will affect the entire community.  It is more than indicative that those pushing B2X have an agenda against Core and Core supporters than in actually improving Bitcoin.
All of this for a stupid kick the can 2x tx increase.   PLEASE even us non experts can see through this smokescreen.
The claim is B2X wants to improve the coin.  Prove it!  FORK AS CLEANLY AS POSSIBLE.  Show some respect for all users,  not disrespect for those you don't like.
This is the plain and simple imo.
@_date: 2017-10-18 03:29:57
for all intensive purposes Btc acquired for $50 and below, might as well be at 0 since the cost basis relative to the sales price is so small (&lt;1%)
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:40:52
you would have perhaps 700k millionaires and multimillionaires
@_date: 2017-10-12 16:13:07
I remember when I first saw bitcoinity.org markets.   I turned to look away and when I looked back I saw $100/mBtc for an instant when it was really like $1 and thought wow..   I accumulated as the price dropped to .6, then .4, .3 and .2 and now we are at 5 heading to 10..
Be nice days when mBtc hits 10, 20, 50, 100 and beyond.
Congrats to all holders, welcome to the Bitcoin club!   Entry is open to all!
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:36:15
btw the above example is 'quadratic' not exponential.
exponential equation would be like 2^x yours is x^2
quadratic (x^2)
When you take the log of these the second quadratic will not get a straight line on a log graph whereas the first will.
@_date: 2017-09-18 12:58:33
If I owned 1000Bitcoin and could bump the price by 10% do I honestly care about that move costing 10-20BTC? 
   Also I keep thinking that an adjustment to block acceptance to reject blocks that have less than 5% of a running transaction volume and ignore the lower limit if the running tx rate is like &lt; 50tx/block would be useful.  This would eliminate blocks that do not satisfy some minimum network performance requirement (i.e. to actually process transactions).  I don't see the point of rewarding a miner with a block reward that does nothing for the users.  This would go away if the block reward was only fees.
  Lastly as I posted before there is hash rate being added and removed from BTC.  The prime reason isn't economic but as an attack.   They try to boost hash rate before difficulty adjustment so they can then pull the hash rate away when it increases.   While the mempool is not as large as a few weeks ago it becomes clear that slight changes up and down in block discovery speeds (in conjunction with a type of tx spamming) can clearly slow down tx rates, and increase fees by up to 10-20x (5-10sat/byte were clearing).   If you are a miner getting even 10-20% of all the blocks it is to your advantage to pay to spam the chain to boost fee revenue.  If you have an agenda against BTC such actions are fully consistent.   
I expect this behavior to get worse, particularly as block rewards decrease as a percentage of the overall block reward.   I don't think there is a clear solution to this problem.
@_date: 2018-03-24 22:46:11
I'm looking at the 1hr on gdax.  
Volume in the 7-8pm Mar 23 up move 8.65k-8.92k 1369BTC
Volume in the 5-6pm down move 8.95k-8.62k 1389BTC.
Literally within $20-30 on price at both ends and 20BTC on volume.    
Says a hell of a lot about the state of at least the gdax market (basically balanced buy/sell wise) within this 8.6-8.9k range.  I have not pulled up cryptowat.ch and looked at the other exchanges in the same time frame yet.
EDIT ADD:  Looking at Bitfinex   - Almost identical in price, 3375 BTC on the way up, 4760 BTC on the way down.  I'm inclined to think we just put a double top in here ~9k and we should expect a move to 8.4k.  If 8.2-8.4k can't hold we may revisit 7.3k.
@_date: 2017-10-07 08:59:24
Some Bitch-Azzz with da BeeeCaysh
@_date: 2017-10-03 18:04:24
Capital gains would probably be the prime reason I would decline. :/   And I'm sorry to the OP on the divorce. :(  Just sucks..
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:39:28
FYI folks.  Not even 1million addresses that hold 1 or more Bitcoin.  How many of these are like 50btcs in a single addy mined by Satoshi Nakamoto?
Hard to talk about how to invest without knowing peoples risk tolerance, goals, and other issues.
Will there be a time that Bitcoin trades below $5k here.  Maybe after the split..   Are we at a multi year high waiting for a bear market.   Possibly.
Anyone buying should hold some cash back unless they are planning on buying regularly and Dollar Cost Averaging.
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:46:42
Even traders on having a hard time finding some direction.   What seems to be clear is that volume and volatility is decreasing.  
Usually this means there will be a move up or down and everyone is having a hard time making a call on direction.   Participants seem split on which way this breaks.
@_date: 2017-10-05 01:02:12
How many mBTC for that again?
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:43:36
doubtful.  Why would one need more coins if you can just move the decimal (i.e. increase the price).  In general anything can be done with a HF, now whether the community will follow it with any substance (hash, money, interest) that is completely different matter.
This is why most people consider increasing Bitcoin beyond 21M as  practically very difficult to impossible.
One miner with ASIC boost stopped Segwit for over a year, imagine if a few are staunchly against raising the 21M limit?!
@_date: 2017-10-21 23:07:21
Goes next to the Knife and on the other side of the plate as the spoons?
Sorry I couldn't help myself.   
Oh but I already did.  
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:34:50
I just wanted to point out to people that if you just block all nodes with the above script you won't be listed on 
bitnodes.21.co as that server logs on as 0.14.0 if I remember right.  Take a look at the addresses used to connect listed.
136.243.139.96, 136.243.139.120, 2a01:4f8:212:3b1f::2
This only applies if you care for your node to be considered active on that site.  If you ban all connects I have no clue whether one drops off the list or not.
Oh and btw:  0.15.0.1 is flirting with 20%.  I see a number of 0.15.0 nodes upgrading.
@_date: 2017-10-07 06:28:06
Hmm.   Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash for sure..  Notice that China hasn't done a thing to crypto mining.   Which basically means it is in govt pocket already.   The players we see there are in deep with Chinese govt.  Can't not be..
@_date: 2017-10-18 20:06:06
As a HMI engineer I have to second that.  Red - Action NOW.  Yellow (warn - may or may not need immediate action).  Green - on and functioning within normal parameters.  In your case I would suggest.
Red - 10:1 negative
Orange 2:1 negative
Yellow 1:1
Yellowgreen 1:2 or above
Green 1:5 or greater.
I'm quite interested in market correlation and phase (leading or lagging).
One other thing.  HMI Beef:  I have and will to the day I die hate dial indicators, as they are the worst waste of screen space for a display indicator.   This is the f'n 3rd millennium we don't need to simulate analog meters with digital widgets. 
   Suggestion:  Use something like stereo bars or a colored bar with a number next to it.   Try to make the display small.  Best thing to do is allow the user to choose between some basic themes.  If you are smart you make those 'templates' that people can drop various widgets into. (even if users have to edit a list of text entries)..   One thing I liked on a display was having an embedded chart that had like last 6-24hrs of data in it and a colored bar with a number showing current level and status - but that is my own personal preference.
@_date: 2017-10-15 15:57:33
No I was just wondering where I would rank if I had 1BTC, or 10BTC or 100BTC.  It was more of a curiosity brought on by being a poker player.   
I was looking at this years ago and do it on occasion just to see what the distribution of UXTOs looks like from time to time.
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:27:55
I started accumulating after BTC was at parity with gold the first time.   When BTC hit $1k again I was in a position and had a desire to diversify and chose ETH.  I still hold both ofc.
If you are buying Bitcoin - you could also look at getting some alts.  Decide for yourself your  coin.  I chose ETH ofc.
BTW:    The 1ppm (parts per million) club on ETH is like 1/3 the price of BTC :)
I no longer think of my investments as # shares or coins but ppm of the total issuance.
I have a running fun bet with a friend on what hits first:
1) BTC 10k (all forked coins count towards preforked BTC price) or
2) ETH 1K (same thing any forked coins count towards ETH)
My money was on BTC at the time, he took ETH.   It was looking like he was going to win that bet earlier this year, now it is looking like I might win the bet.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:06:02
lol 10% 'rocked'.   That is just like another day of China banning Bitcoin..
Hell I'm amazed at how well Bitcoin is doing in the face of China, B2X, and whatever other shit storms are swirling over the community.   
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:18:15
Yeah.  I agree with the don't invest what you can't afford to lose - this can't be repeated often enough -.  If the exit buttons are hit at same time - no-one gets out.. ;)
One other point is if you get BTC now you will get any subsequent BTC forked coin (S2X, Bitcoin Gold, whatever).  Wait till after the fork to buy and you will only be able to buy whatever is called Bitcoin on many exchanges.   But you will have a lower price for the coin you want to buy.  Just keep this in mind and don't send coin purchased after the fork to the wallet with the pre-fork coin.    Keep coins that potentially need to be split separated from the post split coins.
If you want to buy/sell these forked coins find an exchange most likely to list the splits vs. just give access to coins at some unspecified later time after the split for withdrawal.  
Just one other point to keep in mind here and one of many prime reasons imo Bitcoin has been going up into the fork. The recent move I think was spurred by pools and other entities either going public against NYA/S2X or by signaling they won't support it.  Indicative another 10-20% up move might still be baked in the cards.
Ironically BCH + BTC (i.e. if you had Bitcoin before the first split) is just about worth $6K in total.  I'm thinking same thing here with upcoming splits - the total after will be worth more than before no matter which chain wins.
@_date: 2017-05-10 17:47:12
Ok.  Since the rest of the posters don't seem to give a tangible hint I'll take a stab.
1)  Extremely limited supply
2)  Reasonably liquid and mobile.  Try to move $1M across the boarder some other way?!
3)  Reasonably secure and NOT reversible.
4)  Rather large and growing number of companies that take bitcoin in exchange for products.
5)  Rather limited market penetration ala high barriers to entry for most people
6)  Can't artificially manufacture it.
7)  First mover in the space.
Then the basics:
8)  Demand is outstripping supply at the moment.
9)  Transaction growth continues to increase in both BTC denominations or FIAT representations of those transactions.  In short as a transaction vehicle growing dramatically.
10)  Transaction volume represents less than .1% of entire world GNP or .01% of derivatives.   cryptocurrency has a lot of pie to eat.
11)  None of this includes any new cryptocurrency uses which will further increase transaction volumes and value of the underlying asset.
I have said this in other posts.  $100B cryptomarket should be hit without too much trouble shortly.  When cryptomarket cap hits $1T or above it is likely governments will get more serious about regulation, particularly in the US, EU, etc.
This puts virtually the entire crypto complex value at 10x-20x current value before governments get serious about regulation.    Still quite early in these markets.  Once over 50% of companies accept crypto and the over 1/2 the average Joes use it then the majority of the upward move will be over.   I think this takes another 5-10 years to unfold.
@_date: 2017-07-20 01:58:48
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Unless I'm misunderstanding what I'm seeing on   it looks like BIP91 won't make 80% this 336 block period unless they can get 90% of blocks mined in next 165.
Oh and I'm going to laugh so hard if after all of this the miners can't get their ...t together to get 80% for BIP91 as Bitcoin forks enough to set a table of 4.
I am not feeling any love or sympathy for the miners that stymied BIP141 at this point.
Edit:  A new look there is showing the numbers changing quite a bit.  136 needed from 161.  84%  may still be in the noise here unless more hash power shows up signaling BIP91 but at least it isn't 90% like I saw before.   Still looks somewhat improbable unless more BIP91 hashing power shows up..
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:27:22
&lt;s&gt;I was gonna suggest sarcasm tags.&lt;/s&gt;
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:44:47
Bitcoin at 300k AND him eating his own dick on tv.  Win win both ways.
@_date: 2017-07-20 02:05:23
The 2x block increase is a 'kick the can' solution and would imo be a waste of money.  Put some money into research into on-chain scaling solutions or theoretical work. I don't think I've seen anyone come up with a true ON CHAIN scaling solution that gives 1000x tx rates for a public decentralized block chain.  If I understand correctly Segwit with LN would be pushing transactions off-chain.   The more analysis I do on the scaling issue the more I come to realize that the restriction of a decentralized, secure, public block chain may simply not be capable of 1k/sec tx rates much less 100k or 1m tx/sec..  I'm sure other more informed minds have spent time on this and are coming or have come to similar conclusions.
I have seen a post from steem claiming they have a solution to get to 1k/sec tx rates but nothing is public on that.
@_date: 2017-05-04 17:44:51
Yeah but on the bright side maybe in a few years 1 Btc will buy a home.   It is still funny that 1USD is like 600 MICRO Btc now..
@_date: 2017-06-09 04:43:09
War hasn't made the slightest dent in overall population growth.    lol - century of 'total war'.    Funny if drones drop bombs on countries now - we are not at war - just a little policing action.   Redefine what war means and you can redefine the 'casualties'.  In the end the numbers say the world population is growing at a tremendous rate and so far nothing has slowed this in the slightest (not war, not pestilence, not even poisonous food or a growing toxic environment and most certainly not central banks).   
@_date: 2017-07-20 01:11:21
NO on a classic buy the rumor sell the news.  Bitcoin will be exactly opposite.  People have been selling the rumor and will buy the news.  The real problem here is the vitriol being thrown about from various camps is just getting worse.   The players acting like children planning on taking the entire playpen for themselves using 'forks'.  This is causing market gyrations.   Even the idea of a BIP91 lock in while this gives best case scenario but then 3 months later we return to the same battle and the same people..
