@_author: etherponzi
@_date: 2015-06-26 12:39:48


Let's just agree then that Paxos is less decentralized than BitCoin.  If 1/3rd of the nodes go down on an Eris Industry's Thelonius chain, then the chain goes down, which makes it more centralized than BitCoin right?


Okay, we are really in agreement then; although given the magnitude of the gift card market in the US we are talking about a multi billion dollar industry so I suppose I was wrong to imagine the market would be rather small...
@_date: 2015-06-26 08:46:57
You know as a minor counterpoint, I feel there is a small, modest market for cryptographically secure, distributed, event sourcing databases with better stored procedures.  For instance Riak could have better security, auditing, and could be more programmable. EventStore could also enjoy better redundancy.
From a technological perspective Eris Industries and HyperLedger are just database companies, and that's fine.  They aren't competing with public distributed ledgers really.  And who knows what's going to result from this technology?
That being said I don't consider them particularly good investments.
@_date: 2015-06-26 10:59:07
It's not really decentralization - I happen to know that Eris Industries is basically adapting Paxos these days which doesn't have the "every mining node could fail except for one and the thing would still function" fault tolerance we expect from BitCoin.  They're basically rather centralized but somewhat distributed (up to 1/3rd of the nodes can fail).  I'm less familiar with HyperLedger.
Anyway, I think the market is small because when I need a database for my business, I just go with one the industry standards (read: SQL) and handle security via conventional solutions (TFA, sessioning, HTTPS, etc) rather than use ECC. So I haven't really found a great use case for this technology in my own work.  And I have tried - Preston Byrne is a friend and I have a standing offer with Eris Industries, but what they are building simply does not meet any of my business needs.


I guess they are competing for platform adoption or something.  But for my own work I plan to build horizontally across chains and frankly siloing yourself to one chain limits your business opportunities as far as I can tell.