@_author: etherael
@_date: 2016-08-28 15:24:01
Those supplicating weak idiotic serfs and their comments make me sick, I can't believe at this late stage of the game "Don't worry guys, they're just trying to protect us from the evil people!" is a significant fraction of the herd response.
God I hate reddit at times.
@_date: 2016-08-29 03:37:31
[Of course not.] (
[Never happens.] (
@_date: 2016-08-29 12:41:28
Yeah I'm sure those guys are all just real lovers of cat pics and stuff, nothing to see here, please move along.
@_date: 2015-06-14 09:32:54
Good luck banning the reception, transmission and recording of random data. But hey, not like reality influences any of your other absurd positions, why start now I guess? 
@_date: 2015-06-09 03:00:37
[it's already a thing.] (
@_date: 2014-07-19 05:37:42
I'm reminded of something I posted as a prediction of why I wanted to be involved with bitcoin and where this would all go about a year ago.
A sliding scale of awesomeness;
Level 1) Circumventing payment processors **DONE**
Bitcoin has a non zero value.
it is useful purely to circumvent payment processors, as a consumer this is a small boon as paypal visa and MC are somewhat annoying to deal with, but as a sometime merchant this is an off the charts enormous boon, as merchant accounts at banks are ridiculously hard to get and ridiculously hard to deal with. Once joe public small business owner figures out he can set up a reliable account as easily as it's possible something like bitpay, and the implications of that, PP/Visa/MC are in some serious shit. This *alone* is worth the price of admission for me but it doesn't account for the next levels where things get seriously awesome.
Level 2) Circumventing Banks and financial services **WELL UNDERWAY**
Bitcoin has a non zero and not drastically trending downwards on a long term basis value, and that the cryptographic principles underlying the blockchain are sound (which if they weren't, would influence the value to a long term drastic downward trend, so really we could just roll that into the first part of the deps here). 
It is useful to not have to deal with banks and their 9-5 hours and large fees and random assorted ridiculousness that is the result of having a stranglehold on an essential monopoly market for so long that the average participant in the banking indstry's grasp on competition is theoretical at best. That you can hold your own funds almost zero physical footprint and no way for people to even know how much you have, where, or anything of the sort is a revolutionary ability never before available in the history of humanity, it will absolutely change the world when people figure this out.
On other financial services, with bitcoin payment and holdings it is now entirely practical to rely on bonds and insurance to hedge against risks rather than contracts, legislation and litigation. Truly free markets setup around the principles of it being in their best interests to operate in good faith are already springing up and are like to become par for the course when the model is validated over time. Any financial instrument or service that currently exists in the heavily regulated monopoly financial markets could be implemented with bitcoin. 
Hedge funds, investment banks, brokerages, managed funds, stock exchanges, bond markets, all of these things are due for a massive asskicking and I see it coming in a big way.
Level 3) Circumventing central banks and fiat money entirely. **IN PROGRESS**
Dependencies; 
Bitcoin continues to increase in value as the wealth of the world flows into the system and away from fiat currencies.
The entire global financial system at the central bank level is built upon attempting to force profits from a financial underclass that has a mathematically impossible task of repaying debt that continuously increases by definition. The fiat money systems of the world are quicksand by design precisely so on a macroeconomic scale the central banks can force market participants into loose monetary policy by increasing their inflation / monetary instability and making more and more investments look good by comparison. 
When the largest central bank in the entire world has committed to unlimited quantitative easing until the economy moves from its platform, the only sensible way to take this is as final capitulation. They will continue to inflate the money supply until they have people standing on other ground. They expect that the "other ground" will be stocks, sovereign bonds, other investments in the markets that they control but with the rise of bitcoin they may be in for a rude shock when their marks decide to entirely circumvent their game and move off fiat money and heavily controlled markets en masse. What we are seeing here may very well be the beginning of that.
Level 4) The euthanasia of the modern nation state. **THEY CAN SEE IT NOW, AND IT SCARES THEM, YOU ARE HERE**
All of the above and the state proves completely impotent in actually stopping these things from happening.
The tyrants fall, the utterly corrupt modern business model known as the nation state whereby the "customer" is effectively just some mark in a given geographic area and all participants in the tax farm system are a cartel of nation states acting in concert to extract the maximum possible from their cattle ceases to exist. The complete inability to control the economy of the world by force leads to the death of the very core concept of the modern nation state; Making your customer's patronage compulsory.
In any argument with a strident statist, they will cede any ground, acknowledge any fact, go to any length at all to divert attention from the core fact that the state extorts its customers. If any other business behaved in the manner that all the states in the world do people would be up in arms and screaming bloody murder on a regular basis; States hold zero responsibility to their customers, the power the customer holds over a business is that if they do not see value in the product delivered they can choose to discontinue their dealings with that business. This is the last and final sanction of incompetence that the state, the final bastion of utter incompetence is completely dependent upon. 
Nobody who has the ability to actually refuse would take the deal the modern nation state offers, this is why they fight so ridiculously hard to prevent it even being an open question. But bitcoin removes the question from the realm of politics and inserts it squarely in the realm of mathematics. The statists can rail and scream and whine and complain all they want, but not a lick of it will change the mathematics of cryptography.
We may destroy the most bloodthirsty thugs the world has ever seen, and we may not even have to shed a single drop of blood to do it. I realise this is hyperbole and I speak only for myself and my opinion, but to me such a worthy goal without compromising at all on principles of non aggression may without exaggeration be the most spectacular accomplishment in all of human history. It is the ultimate manifestation of rejecting that the ends justify the means, going up against the greatest enemy free men have ever faced, and walking straight through him.
So, for me? I'll take any of these four levels, the higher the better. Even one is great, but all four? Nirvana baby.
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:06:07
That is such an effective rebuke, I love how it addresses all of the issues raised by the original presentation in such a complete and comprehensive way. It is not at all a content free statement designed to elicit a negative gut reaction based purely on association with a social outclass, it is good to see that you do not stoop this low.
Bravo maestro, keep it up.
@_date: 2014-04-14 03:25:07
On the subject of FUD, I think it's illustrative to look at the evolution of another project over time with similar characteristics to Bitcoin.
This project was under sustained attack over a long period of time from the entities which it most threatened, and at the beginning that FUD got quite a lot of noise and traction. The thing that eventually caused the FUD to die down was the realisation that no matter how much was put out, it didn't change the underlying realities of the competitive threat. 
The project the FUD was directed at was not vulnerable to commercial pressure as it wasn't a single corporate body. Worse yet, the actual valid criticism that was directed at the project was just used by the community to make the project even better. As long as there was no way to *destroy* the project because of its decentralised nature and nothing but the voluntary participation of the people who made up the project, the project would continue.
That project was Linux. It now runs the vast majority of server side hardware in the world and is the basis for the most popular smartphone operating system in the world as well as an uncountable number of other embedded projects. As long as the fundamentals are strong and there is a core of people who are able to grasp those fundamentals and expand them over time, and it retains its decentralised nature, Bitcoin can never die and *will* eventually flourish, it is just a question of time.
@_date: 2014-03-31 09:13:43
Market intelligence is only as effective as the aggregate intelligence of market participants offset by the distribution of resources amongst them. Most people simply do not understand the fundamentals and are trading on technical analysis and sentiment trend alone. 
This is fortunate for those of us that *do* grasp the fundamentals, however we should do well to remember that old maxim; the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent.
@_date: 2014-07-01 04:37:20
TLDR; Bitcoin is an immortal chicken.
Something just occurred to me, this is really an instance of that old chicken and egg problem that plagues so many areas. And for the first time now I think I finally grasp the solution; The chicken needs to be really resilient. You want to spawn a new empire and everyone else thinks you're crazy? Build it and just keep pushing functionality into it and proving them wrong by value delivered and longevity. Eventually it reaches a critical mass and the naysayers are *obviously* wrong, and everyone forgets they ever called it stupid and just gets on board.
One way to do this is to have a huge company ploughing infinite resources into the project and never backing off. Examples of this kind that spring to mind are the ipod, iphone, ipad, and xbox. These were really resilient chickens that stuck around long enough for the naysayers to be proven wrong.
Another way is to make it a decentralised open source project with no core structure existing which can actually suffer any battle damage from the constant stream of criticism directed at it. Examples of this kind include the internet, linux, and bitcoin. The best thing about this structure I realise now is that these are actually pretty much immortal chickens. They're incorporeal, there's no central point of failure to attack by any mechanism, as long as people keep using them, they just keep growing.
@_date: 2014-06-11 02:02:42




What possible solutions would there be?
You're right, I don't believe it at all, in fact I think it is utterly absurd, however just as a thought exercise to stretch the bounds of credibility I have spent some time under the assumption that it is actually true. So lets go with that thought experiment;
Bitcoin slowly bites off more of the existing economy as time goes by and the total amount of wealth represented by it starts to have an actual noticeable effect relative to the amount of wealth stored in instruments that the states of the world have control over. As it becomes clear that they are unable to confiscate or control Bitcoin in any way shape or form, the services that they provide which are so important for the adequate functioning of society start to degrade.
As the trend continues to accelerate, those services degrade further and further until it becomes obvious the exact sequence of events that led to this point. 
Scenario A) 
Alternative markets for the provision of these essential services necessarily open up, and the state weakened by its inability to continue to parasite effectively from the economic base is unable to forbid competition in these areas and is forced to compete directly with the new entrants into the market. A protected monopoly industry exposed to real competition for the first time in centuries thoroughly collapses under the dual burden of inability to parasite and radically more efficient competition, and the final deathblow against the nation state is struck. Welcome to "ancapistan".
Scenario B) 
Alternative markets are for some unknown reason unable to address the need for these essential services. As the inadequate provision of them continues to degrade the quality of life of everyone on earth, it becomes apparent that yes, taxation is actually necessary after all. People either modify cryptocurrencies in a way that makes them subject to taxation, or stop using them altogether when the pain of doing without the aforementioned essential services becomes greater than the benefits provided by cryptocurrencies.
Either way, it's a self solving problem. My money is definitely on scenario A.
@_date: 2014-12-06 23:41:17
If you were raised to believe that chivalrous knights in shining armour were the ultimate guardians of the realm and the bulwark against which the denizens of chaos beat relentlessly upon, without which we would all surely perish in terrible agony (heavy cavalry is a good thing), you might have an adverse reaction to a new technology that makes that institution practically useless (firearms). 
It's not the technology in either case that invokes the hate. The vast majority of people in the world are incapable of even understanding the technology itself, it's the narrative. 
The centralised nation state and its supporting financial shell games is like the knight in the previous story, and blockchain technology is like firearms. If you view the knight as a simple hired thug who exists to enforce the dominance of the aristocracy over the peasantry, all of a sudden something that disempowers him is extremely attractive. In the same way if you view the apparatus of state as a parasitic aggressor, something that disempowers the state is similarly attractive. 
Blockchain technology is the only realistic threat to the apparatus of the nation state that presently exists. That's an enormous mind warp for anyone trying to consider the ramifications of it. It's totally unsurprising that it has vicious opponents as well as vocal supporters. At the end of the day though, technology conquers everything. Bitcoin will win for the same reason banning firearms didn't prolong the useful life of heavy cavalry; you can't legislate around reality.
The genie is out of the bottle and there's no going back. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:56:02
Bullshit, look at the other terms that are similarly banned, it's obvious what's going on, they're a pack of shills for statist propaganda.
[I am not the only one pointing this out, for the mindless downvote brigade.] (
@_date: 2014-04-27 13:47:52


[Because they're here, too.] (
@_date: 2014-03-16 10:29:12
Let's be realistic, at the present point in time the vast majority of people are less capable of securing their private keys than some proven trustworthy over time preferably with insurance as well as a lot of specialised security expertise centralised agency. These people should not be trying to manage their own keys, it's just asking for trouble.
At the very least they should be aiming to get multisig authentication on their transactions so suspicious ones can be blocked ahead of time.
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:58:33


If the state can't control it, by definition it can't limit the use of it. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:59:02
People can be destroyed too, if we want to go down that path. But with automation, slave labour is zero value anyway so irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 07:09:45
Before discussing what power a government has, let us outline what power a government most certainly does not have. They cannot change the laws of reality. It is completely impossible to legislate away gravity for example. They can make these laws, but they will have absolutely zero effect. Thus this tier 1 class of laws is the canonical example of something a government simply has no power over.
Next up at tier 2, there are classes of laws which the government can create, but have zero power to enforce and it is left entirely up to the people whom these laws are targeted at as to whether or not they adhere to them. For example, laws relating to what you are permitted to think. Adhering to these laws may or may not be possible, depending on your position on how much control a person is able to exert over what they think, but certainly it cannot be debated that no government has the power to compel or forbid thought itself.
A little higher up the line at tier 3 we have laws which are extremely difficult to enforce, verging on impossible. For example, contraband laws, especially laws relating to the possession and use of objects which are either easy to produce, easy to conceal, or worst case scenario both. Laws exist in this class, and the enforcement of them is typically futile, even when the infrastructure for the contravention of those laws includes multinational cartels that have their own private submarines, amongst other things.
Laws attempting to restrict the usage of cryptocurrencies would fall on the "most difficult" side of this tier, with parts of the process reaching into the former two classes.
The network itself is untraceable by design, it is a huge number space linked to no real world identity which only exposes itself to the degree which participants desire. The data transfer channels of the network can be embedded as deeply as participants also desire via anonymity networks. Possession of the keys to access a bitcoin account exist on tier 2 of the scale, it is utterly impossible for the government to compel you to surrender the thought containing the keys to a bitcoin account, and it is utterly impossible for them to even know you have it if you do not wish them to know.
Lastly, the actual cryptographic underpinnings of the system reach back into tier 1 of the scale, you cannot legislate away facts about the universe which happen to allow the cryptographic underpinnnings of Bitcoin. The highest point on the tiers under discussion is the process of actually trading with other people and having real world effects, but even this is on the border between tier 2 and tier 3. 
At the moment, as there is no legislation attempting to restrict trade or commerce in Bitcoin, there is no incentive to drive such activity underground. The moment such legislation materialises however, the motivation for any activity which originates within the cryptocurrency ecosystem can be flatly denied by any participants in said system, and the authorities are powerless to prove otherwise.
So basically; no, they really, really don't. People need to get used to this fact and accept that this is the reality on the ground that the world we're building is now centered on. All the votes in the world, all the terrified letters to politicians that all the righteous fear addled peasants can muster, all the political capital that has even been accrued to pursue any given objective won't make a satoshi of diference. 
In this sphere, the state has been castrated, accept it and move on.
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:30:48
So just to clarify, gravity is not part of the natural state of things? Conservation of energy? All just a matter of opinion and perspective?
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:36:29


And lions protect gazelles, but generally not. Humans are stupid, the few exceptions to this rule do not contradict that.
What even people who realise that humans are stupid fail to grasp however is that it's OK. There is no reason to fly into an outrage, it is simply a fact that must be worked around. 
Solutions like the one proposed in this post are constructive ways to address the problem, so kudos OP.
@_date: 2014-07-19 07:25:10
Intentions don't matter, results do.
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:47:46
Do they have a better competitor? By that I mean a massive array of altcoin wallets coupled with an exchange all in one spot?
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:40:56
If you're traveling light and don't want to nail down a specific itinerary longer than six months stick to hotels and airbnb or couchsurfing. Your price point in this area is about 30k baht per month for something decent and central.
If you're certain you will be staying for at least a year, get a visa from a Thai language school (about 18k baht) and a house or condo lease from ddproperty.com on a one year lease. I had a very large and modern one bedroom condo in central bangkok for 25k baht, an outlaying modern but small studio in Phet Kasem for 10k baht or an enormous 2 bedroom townhouse out past the airport for 15k baht. What you can get will largely depend on your own preferences.
All other expenses will be negligible, full restaurants are quite cheap by western standards and between that and Thai street food it just gets cheaper. If you're going to buy the street food be sure that their hygiene is up to scratch. Look out especially for unshielded from insect meat products, if it's in an enclosure and the vendor is wearing gloves you're probably fine.
If you're traveling single, be aware that you will probably attract a lot of female attention. If you get lonely and just want some decent platonic company I recommend meetups.com, tons of subject specific social groups to engage with. As a relatively wealthy foreigner, be aware that to some people here you are a big walking lottery ticket and not everything they necessarily represent themselves as is entirely accurate. 
Good luck!
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:27:24


*“If the natural tendencies of mankind are so bad that it is not safe to permit people to be free, how is it that the tendencies of these organizers are always good? Do not the legislators and their appointed agents also belong to the human race? Or do they believe that they themselves are made of a finer clay than the rest of mankind?”*


Name one product or service which could not be provisioned by any other method than taxation.
@_date: 2014-07-03 07:49:24
I dread to think that's what he meant, perhaps there's something that is only apparent to people on the inside that would be a genuine competitive advantage in the marketspace? It would be well worth making an altcoin chain for if that was the case, think of the trade volume it would be controlling, mind blowing.
@_date: 2014-12-11 06:34:57
Yes, exactly like that. The king will have absolute political power which he will distribute to an executive aristocracy of Lords that in turn use local Knights to violently oppress a given populace and forcibly extort them of all their hard work leaving them with subsistence living. 
In other words I have no idea how you even begin to imagine a system relying so heavily on the application of political power will result from the absolute abolition of political power.
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:02:01
This has nothing to do with me, I don't believe I've ever submitted an article to that subreddit, I don't even recall making a comment there. It is simply outright and obvious blatant government promoting censorship.
@_date: 2014-12-11 20:18:59
That's an extension of the assumption that everyone will always choose to use violence to settle their disputes. They don't because of the cost of violence. Outsourcing that cost doesn't eliminate it, an REA attempting to pursue maximum market share with the strategy of always forcing their customers agenda via violence is firstly impossible because it will end up at war with itself (two subscribers with a dispute) and secondly going to be impossibly expensive in order to cover the cost of being constantly at war over every petty whim of every single wouldbe subscriber. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:35:22
Recently they stopped withdrawals for a short period of time, they also contacted account holders and made vague allusions to something security related and asked them to change their passwords. After that was done they asked if they would like to have the lock removed, when I enquired as to what happened and what the risk was on having the lock removed, they refused to give any information on the subject.
They also had a brief lockdown during transaction malleability, but I doubt that's significant.
Lastly, there was a post here a while back about the bank bitstamp is using very firmly advising the wouldbe customer that they would not be dealing with them in any way shape or form as a bitcoin business.
Taken all together, those three things were enough to make me reduce my risk exposure to bitstamp. It may well be that nothing will result from it, but better safe than sorry imho.
@_date: 2014-03-20 08:37:24


You are right that these are indistinguishable from each other, and you are right that many people are vulnerable to the kinds of exploitation that would result in them falling victim to category 3. What you don't seem to recognise is that it doesn't matter; if this cold war turns into a hot war and reputation systems to gauge the trustworthiness of someone you're carrying on a transaction with come to pass, all three classes of those people will simply have no appreciable reputation at all and thus will be ostracised from transacting with the rest of the network. 
Natural selection will apply and competitive incentives will arise to insulate people from the hostile influence of external agents and it will be harder and harder for those hostile external agents to operate until they are forced down to the structure of the creation in question, that is, back to the "vault door" to which you refer. At which point, they lose.
Of course, they must realise this, and they must also realise that as soon as they take this cold war hot, this is the inevitable end result. This is why it is unlikely that they will even *try* to do so. From a game theory perspective it is not in their interests, it just puts them in a game they can only lose in the end.
@_date: 2014-06-10 00:18:52
Nailed it, just the right level of self assured snooty smugness buttressed by absolutely bitchslapped by reality.
@_date: 2014-12-11 19:44:37
More likely it will follow the model speculated in Huemer's Problem of political authority and the machinery of freedom. Rights enforcement agencies that protect the interests of their subscribers and compete amongst each other, who in turn subscribe to dispute resolution organisations in a polycentric legal system, individuals pursue the best deals from the REA sector and REAs pursue mediation strategies with each other using DROs because violence is bad for business and mutually disadvantageous. 
Being subject to competitive market pressures means any REA acting like a modern police force or DRO acting like a modern court would be competed out of existence. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 07:21:58
Not to derail this discussion but I don't see the connection, can you expand some more on this? How does bitcoin fit into minecraft, more specifically how would this particular wallet fit into minecraft?
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:45:42
Actually I would say they have a larger security risk if you're holding a bitcoin balance on their infrastructure, internal currencies not valuable elsewehere are not of much interest to crackers but anything holding bitcoins might as well be a red rag in front of a bull. That said wealth permeability between services and even the real world is certainly an interesting point. One could even potentially make a living from work on a minecraft server with significant demand within the economy. 
What a strange world we live in.
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:22:42
I've had a few attempts at salting the wound. Falls flat on its face when I just say "It's been great, I predicted panic selling on the news, sold at peak, bought the trough, increased my holdings by 20% in one day at no cost."
Funny stuff.
@_date: 2014-04-18 18:58:23


At the risk of repeating myself, this is exactly my point. The state attempting to proscribe trade in something is almost by definition guaranteed to fail if history is anything to go by. It *never* succeeds, and it never turns out well, even if they try, they will fail.
There are no cases in history of the state managing to actually ban trade in a specific product or commodity with absolute effectiveness. Even North Korea can't stop the black market, letalone the far more hands off governments that would need to be cooperating with one another to institute anything approaching a blanket ban on Bitcoin worldwide.
It has never been done, and it can never be done, this is why I think Bitcoin will be a success; the state *cannot* control it.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:45:12
Currency is just another asset for the underlying equation to apply to. Factories can be destroyed. Land can be made uninhabitable. There is no held asset that cannot be destroyed. The underlying equations still apply, and this is why war is already becoming obsolete. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 00:11:26
Why does this surprise you? Thieves never think they're just thieves.
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:21:41
To be fair the Inca had much better justification, if you had to write a list of things to do to continue the existence of the human race, "Making sure the sun doesn't cease to burn" would be pretty high up there on the list.
It's just they turned out not to have read the instruction manual on the sun.
Nowadays though, how much of a drag on human advancement and how much is the pure economic cost of the modern nation state, and why, so we can have flat patches of earth coated with asphalt as if that were only possible when you are backed with a military?
I hope in a thousand years, if we're still around, and we've gotten over this ridiculous state of affairs, people will look back with disbelief at us just as we look back at the Inca. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:00:21
The majority of the terms are about *both* technology and politics. This is doubly so for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:50:01
@_date: 2014-07-19 18:05:32
BINGO! HOW FUN.
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:32:51
What's the difference, really?
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:01:20
And wars are mostly obsolete now because that cannot be done anymore. The most powerful military in the world just ran a series of wars against comically ignorant poorly financed backwater peasants at a massive net loss. We've known for many decades now that large scale total war with nuclear equipped opponents is utterly obsolete, and it is now becoming clear that the other kinds of war are also. 
Scaling things down to individuals and REAs does not improve the economics, there is still no party you can push the cost of war onto. All a person has to do to defend themselves is to make it enormously more costly than it is worth to attack them, and outsourcing that process is the root of the REA system. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:54:52


You started from a position of posing the state as if it were an a priori assumption for anything good and useful in the world to exist, and then posited how this problem could be addressed when cryptocurrencies slaughter the ability of the state to parasite from their captive populations, as if that were actually a problem.
When I responded to that concern, instead of actually continuing that discussion, you just trotted out the regular raft of tired old justifications for political authority that have been done to death so many times before. Everything you said effectively boils down to "But who would build the roads?".
You will kindly excuse me if I simply do not wish to go through this ridiculous farce again, for the ten thousandth time, because some other random statist is utterly convinced that they perfectly understand the idea of a society without a state, whilst simultaneously demonstrating that nothing could be further from the truth.
The rest of your post is basically attempting to re-state that you can use examples of state controlled capitalism to invalidate the absence of a state, once again, this is nonsensical. It is like trying to use examples of church controlled monarchies to invalidate the absence of religion. My intent was purely to address what happens when cryptocurrencies kill the state, that debate is over, either you're right and the deleterious effects of the death of the state will be so great that people will abandon cryptocurrencies, or I am right and anarchocapitalism will feast on the corpses of the dead states of the world.
I have no interest in engaging you on anarchocapitalism 101. Do your own research.
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:15:13
Totally, slavery isn't the problem, it just wasn't done right, we should bring it back and reform the system pragmatically, it would be the jobs program of the century.
Why is everyone always such an absolutist about these things? It's a pity we can't have more level headed moderates like yourself around to sort everyone out.
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:21:53
Look on the bright side, you can now understand and appreciate this [epic bitchslap of a rebuke based not in hyperbolic fantasy, but reality] (
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:08:42
I went through five minutes of your comments, and I always analyse that which I oppose before judging it worthy of discarding. 
It is the only way to avoid ending up looking like you do, right now.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:00:58
People who levy taxes are leeches. The very act of being forcibly deprived of the fruits of your labour negates the definition of "free society".
There are costs to everything, none of which necessarily need to be paid for by extortion.
@_date: 2014-06-13 11:45:37


You don't get it, I'm not rightfully indignant because you are spouting the same old bullshit I've heard a thousand times before, I'm bored and I don't  want to engage you in it when you've already demonstrated from the start that you don't listen by completely ignoring the first thing I said and just restating your initial premise "No no, you see, all those things are actually broken because *markets*, not the state".
It is not a terrifying thing to get indignant about, it is simply stupid and boring, and I'm not going to play that game, once again, I will continue to ignore anything you say that is more nonsense along these lines, despite your continuing to spew it out.


It is not an "opinion". It is simply a fact that the case for legitimate political authority has not been made, that is all.
Prove the legitimacy of political authority, go ahead, I'll wait a long, long time.
You might want to start with [this book] ( that demolishes all the existing arguments, and save both of us some time, but I hold out no hope that you will actually do so. I will note however that your fanatical religious objection to anarchocapitalism in particular is no reason to not read that book, as the first half of it deals purely with demolishing the existing typical poor arguments for legitimate political authority, and only the second half goes into anarchocapitalism as a potential alternative. 
You could remain a fanatical zealot enemy of anarchocapitalism and still actually examine a book at least tangentially related to it. 


But you don't, because you insist that political authority retains primacy over market forces, the fact that you manage to be aware that it mismanages that primacy over the market and simultaneously hold that it must retain it just makes you a fool.


You have made plenty of political comments and "socialism is so awesome" smugfests, I assure you. You should read the shit that you write sometimes, perhaps you will realise how idiotic you sound.


Yes, which I did in my first post by observing that all the problems you attribute to market forces are actually caused by political authority, which you then proceeded to completely ignore and restate your original premise as if it was unchallenged, at which point the futility of continuing to engage you on that debate became apparent. It is much like engaging a fanatical christian who attributes all problems in the world to the fact that we have not yet globally accepted jesus christ as our saviour. 
That is, a complete waste of time, which is why I will not do it.


That is, as long as they don't rest their assertations on fundamentally corrupt premises. Thank you for simply restating what I originally said and acting as if you are disagreeing.


Nonsense, economics is a soft science, it has no hard scientific conclusions, end of story, this is simply a fact. That you continue to grip forcefully to the prospect that it could be otherwise is purely because you want to be able to claim some kind of respected authority to buttress your position. I don't care about your respected authorities.


Then why are we even having this discussion? The parts of the state that require the things the Bitcoin will remove their ability to do will die, if you don't care about this why even bring it up as a problem? That is what you started this thread about before you derailed it into a continuous attempt to slam a school of thought you clearly don't have the slightest grasp of.


This is mostly all you have been doing, and I don't care to continue it, so you have yourself a good day.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:16:45
When you ask "How" do you mean "by what right" or "by what method" ?
@_date: 2014-04-22 13:17:14


Ok, so you're not just passively aggressive, you're aggressively aggressive. Congratulations, at least you have the courage of your convictions. 


Then you don't actually care as much about the majority opinion as you imply.


Since you dedicate your life to jackboot thuggery I guess it's probably pretty hard to consider it evil and much easier to mentally translate it to white noise.


I don't agree, the technology is simply not there to do it. That is why it was created, to shirk the ability of the state to control it. Until the cryptography underlying it is broken, they have zero powers of enforcement of any laws relating to it.
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:20:21


Absolutely, I despise the state as a construct and when it dies I will dance around the bonfire.


Nothing short of shutting down the entire internet would accomplish this.


[Good luck with that.] (


We'll see, here's a head start; I've never paid US taxes and never will.
Come and get me.
@_date: 2014-04-27 21:00:48
You are doing an amazing job of playing a child.
You should throw in a few "My dad could kick your dad's ass!" it would fit well with the rest of your content.
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:45:07
I ask this based on your recent history where your primary objection to bitcoin revolves around the state having power over it. Historical attempts to attack gold in this manner such as executive order 6102, or the French Assignats have invariably failed, and this is technically *much easier* to do than attacking bitcoin, which can be made completely intangible and invisible.
If your objections to cryptocurrency are as they appear to be based around the ability of the state to control it, don't those objections only hold up insofaras the state *does* have the ability to control it?
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:26:53
Why use bitcoin rather than an in server currency like civcraft? Assuming there is a reason, why would you be specifically interested in a privacy hardened wallet for this particular use case? Or is it just that it's a convenient implementation due to being in JavaScript or something of this nature?
@_date: 2014-03-20 07:40:22


Completely serious.


Using computers does not leave some indelible mark on the fabric of reality that is forever linked to you. If you wish to prove me wrong, go right ahead, find all the bitcoin addresses I've ever used. Throw in the addresses of all the altcoin chains I've ever touched, you have my permission to try. I won't be holding my breath.


You are confident there is a trail for every peer to peer cryptocurrency transaction in existence? I believe your confidence to be misplaced.


I am sure they do, making legislation to forbid it and force it underground and thus make everything untraceable would be very much not in their interests.


Cash has serial numbers, I believe a common way to find bank robbers is that the serial numbers of stolen money is blacklisted and they find where it shows up in note readers. It's not nearly as hard to trace as number 1 saying to number 2 that it pays x units of n currency on an ephemeral decentralised ledger with no concrete link to physical reality.


Read tor stinks, you're wrong.


Not true, that they've tried various things and had some success, perhaps, that they *need* these backdoors to get around the central fact that strong cryptography works just serves to emphasize the point. It is they who are behind the eight ball in this sphere.


They use whatever they have to accomplish whatever is in their interests, as has ever been the nature of the beast. Whatever they have is not control of all material reality, however, and people really need to stop pretending otherwise.
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:04:58
[Charts make it look like you know what you're talking about.] (
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:13:44
The article noting he hasn't touched the coins he would have access to if he really were the creator of bitcoin makes me question if he's really the guy. 400 million lying around when you're in financial difficulties must be quite the temptation. I don't buy the "it would leave too much of a trail" explanation either, it's easy enough to get fiat out of bitcoin with perfect anonymity if you know the landscape.
I don't know if this is the guy or not, but it'd be pretty good cover if you happened to know an old, eccentric, paranoid libertarian guy who did security work for the US government and you used his name as if it were a pseudonym for your cover.
Someone connects the dots, comes up with this guy, thinks they've hit jackpot. Scapegoat found, you're off clean.
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:05:13
That's quite a stretch. It's like saying you can stop all the bank robberies by buying all the guns and when the robbers show up using swords instead you'll have them beat for sure. Assumes a lot that isn't necessarily true. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:02:16
This is not a stupid mistake, they're trying to give the impression that it's a centralised institution just like anything else and it can thus be under attack and crumble just like anything else. 
Note that when you get "Didn't I hear the president of Bitcoin was arrested last week?" this kind of thing is why.
@_date: 2014-04-18 14:07:02
Actually only one other country in the entire world taxes based on citizenship rather than geography.
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:00:36
Why don't we have antigravity and space colonies? Why don't we have limitless free energy? Why do we not have any desirable object which the political establishment could use to garner political capital or power, but violates the fundamental laws of the universe?
When you answer that question, you will understand why what you propose will happen with bitcoin will not. You are asking for something harder than boiling all the oceans in the world with consumer kettle elements, it doesn't matter how much money you throw at the problem or which people try; it cannot be done, end of story.
This is by design. Welcome to the new world.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:38:32
That's not a question which you can answer "yes" to. Unless you mean "both" by what right and by what method?
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:19:28
No, it just makes you an idiot.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:54:02
Why aren't people using fast block confirmation scrypt based altcoins, something on the order of 60 second blocks for POS? Seems like it would be far superior.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:11:19
But....  ^^^roads:(
@_date: 2014-03-11 06:40:50
You really think *no one* disagrees with the idea that states should have the power to seize and freeze bank accounts?
If that's true, why isn't everyone clamouring to add a central public key for every state in the world to make administrative modifications to the blockchain? It would duplicate the "desired functionality".
If you think about it I think you'll find a lot of people actually don't want this at all.
@_date: 2014-12-10 20:12:02
Can money? That's not even much of a stretch since private security and mercenaries are both extremely old and boring concepts. The police and the military are just funded by extortion versions of the same.
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:04:11
If people actually took the story seriously rather than saw it for the joke it was, it could have been extremely dangerous to him. She clearly had no idea what she was doing, and now she has the nerve to play the victim and talk about how *she* is the one being threatened. 
Height of hypocrisy, but can't say I'm surprised with her track record.
@_date: 2014-04-27 13:16:14
If there's a closed loop outside the mainstream economy where a person makes bitcoin, buys things paid for in bitcoin, and never actually transfers it to any fiat currency at all, how can any law even apply? By this logic you should be paying tax on your MMORPG earnings as they too can theoretically be sold for fiat.
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:20:43
I'm not talking about a post scarcity world, merely a world where defense is more lucrative than offense. We're already in that world.
Post scarcity many things become practical that are currently completely idiotic, like socialism, etc.
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:58:09
Yes, in two ways.
Firstly, because technology is largely always at an intersection these days. They don't block a story about glowing roads because roads aren't purely about technology. They don't block a story about flickr because it's also about photography. They don't block any stories about anything just because they address technology as well as another area.
Secondly, if the intersection is politics and technology and the keyword doesn't invariably fit the narrative of government corruption and incompetence it also doesn't appear in this list. Plenty of cheerleading articles about fixing up the healthcare website, government relinquishing control over the administration of the internet, suing sprint for overcharging on wiretaps, or even something as mundane as government policy on banning telecommute workers from using Windows XP, if you want trivial minutae of zero interest to almost anyone.
The pattern behind the majority words on the list is clear; Intersection of politics and technology, invariably paints government action as incompetent or corrupt.
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:24:48
That's a bingo. 
And this is the real test, you all were handed your freedom by cryptography on a silver platter, and now the old master has shown up and asked you to voluntarily submit to the overseer. 
I hope people are not stupid enough to fall for this cheap trick. Tell them where they can stick their "licenses".
To this state or any other who demands it; If you want my submission, come and take it. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 09:00:04
You realise "unknown miners" is exactly what gives cryptocurrencies their decentralised nature? This is the entire point of the exercise. 
And certainly there are a lot of P&amp;D altcoin clones, but there are some really innovative approaches happening with some of them too. Darkcoin baked coinjoin into the blockchain for fully anonymous transactions, vertcoin uses adaptive hashing to resist ASIC based mining to give an even better guarantee of long term decentralisation, and both those coins are over the 1$ mark at the moment, both have 2.5 minute blocktimes, four times faster than bitcoin and thus much better for the POS market if you want to block doublespends. Hell, if you want to be boring, even Dogecoin has 60 second block confirm times.
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:31:56
I don't "feel" oppressed, I already unsubscribed as soon as I heard about this. I am simply pointing out the indisputable fact that the censorship going on in that subreddit has a very obvious and specific agenda.
@_date: 2014-04-22 12:52:26


You think that it's acceptable that holders of political authority do anything they choose and your extreme blaise attitude toward the use of force and the things that you think implicitly require the threat of death make you a psychopath from my perspective. Especially considering [this] ( it isn't like you should be ignorant of the fact that such beliefs are dangerous and such faith is extremely misplaced.
Instead you see fit to discard all valid concerns along those lines and make the usual appeals to justification in the social contract, ad et al, that hold absolutely no water at all to justify the kinds of things those that covet political authority engage in.
Ethically, the only difference between you and a thief or a murderer is that you willingly outsource your violent tendencies.


That does not make it wrong.


Nothing is ideal, but of all the potential lifestyles I could adopt, I am happy with [my current one] ( precisely because it most closely matches the ideal world of complete freedom.


I assume that you are also a pious religious man, in keeping with your worship of the wisdom of crowds? If it works for you, that's fine, but I refuse to appeal to authority to justify my positions.
And once again, we're still not addressing the central issue. This is not about politics, this is about whether bitcoin is a world changing innovation. That has nothing to do with our political perspectives, only whether or not bitcoin is immune from the meddling of the state.
@_date: 2014-12-07 02:46:01


It isn't necessary to evaluate which claim about the properties of the state is actually true to infer the opinions of those who hold one of the discussed views. Pointing out the view that the state is an aggressive parasite exists is not by any stretch of the imagination a "crazy libertarian conspiracy theory", it's just a fact, the same as the existence of the opposing view. 


And how did people look to the demands of feudal lords backed by heavy cavalry when they had the ability  to easily repel their aggression? Who now cares for the tax demands of heavy cavalry supported feudal lords? If blockchain technology wins, the state becomes similarly obsolete, and its demands similarly irrelevant. 
Also, special kudos for making the argument that the state will always demand its pound of flesh and everyone had best just get used to it, directly after calling the claim that the state is an aggressive parasite a crazy libertarian conspiracy theory. The doublethink is strong with you young padawan. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:39:51
In other news, Witch doctor convention confused by and suspicious of manufactured pharmaceutical medicines.
@_date: 2014-06-12 10:45:18


This however does not stop you rampantly speculating throughout the rest of the post about how "the free market" is failing in various aspects, amusingly invariably each cause that you outline can be attributed to regulatory failure as much as market failure, and to the extent there is a market failure it's because of regulatory burdens. But the fact up front that you can simultaneously acknowledge that free markets are an almost unknown occurrence on the planet before launching into what amounts to a typical run of the mill diatribe for left statist politics strikes me as quite amusing.


So up front, [your why is actually wrong] ( I understand it can be difficult at times to actually try and square your perceptions with reality, but when you're holding them as a singular underpinning for a raft of arguments that sits precariously atop them, you could at the very least justify the one at the base of the inverted pyramid, no? Try harder next time.


Here's another correlation you might want to consider in your list; the US healthcare industry is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country. You're effectively trying to justify the need for something whilst disregarding the fact that the thing you're trying to justify is already employed in abundance, to great *negative* effect. We don't solve problems with government, we don't extinguish fires with gasoline.


Also massively heavily regulated, the teacher's union is one of the most powerful political blocs in the country and regularly uses this as a stick for the benefit of their members rather than the promotion of an effective educational system. 


Toll roads, private security, private fire departments already exist. And what do you know, but it turns out that in all of the areas where these things are employed they typically *do not* eat up a sizeable fraction of the local GDP, as opposed to their ineffective government counterparts.
I'm seeing a pattern here, too. What you *believe* doesn't matter worth a damn. What you can prove and show does, and you're long on beliefs and short on evidence and facts.


Again, both of those services are more heavily regulated in the US than the rest of the world, using them as an example for why regulation and government is a good thing is completely insane.


Citation needed.


Once again, you're taking a heavily regulated industry, pointing out its failures, and attributing them to "the free market" which you have already acknowledged is not actually involved in the scenarios about which you are speculating. 


And why does this happen? Could it be because of costs, that is, prices, in a market, provide an actual incentive to move off fossil fuels to clean energy? Couldn't be that, right? Must be a law somewhere, or some heroic politician. Definitely not because it's [very good business] ( for those who have done well in the game


Do you seriously believe if there are benefits to be had from cleaner energy and costs to be paid in its absence, the price won't reflect that? If so, why? That doesn't make any sense from an economic perspective. Thus if economics handle it, of what use is regulation?


Once again, I do not believe that any government provides any worthwhile service that could not be better provided by a free market. Ideas so good they must be compulsory sounds absurd precisely because it actually is.


Oh ho ho, here we go, the typical leftist bugbear. I addressed this once today already so I'll just cut and paste if you don't mind. The income sources of the top 1% are largely from the most heavily regulated industries on the planet, the return on investment for regulatory capture is up to 77,500%. TARP and quantitative easing are effectively direct government violence to increase income inequality.


Citation needed.


Welfare is just another government service, and like all government services everywhere, it is typically inefficient and the costs far outweigh the benefits, your country is no exception to that rule, but it applies to the rest of them also.


The aforementioned acceleration thereof by the state then ought to compel you to become an anarchocapitalist posthaste. Welcome to our ranks.


Take your fucking boot off their necks and let them compete in a free market rather than taxing them into oblivion to finance the bailouts and relief programs for their tuxedo wearing champagne sipping overlords, for a start.
@_date: 2014-07-12 16:52:59
"Bitcoin could be as big as the internet."
"You're thinking too small."
If someone had said that to me when I first said the first line there a couple years ago I would've laughed at them. Crazy world.
@_date: 2014-10-05 08:45:45
... how do you remember to breathe whilst afflicted with such a crippling dose of idiocy?
@_date: 2014-04-19 10:45:57
This is hilarious. If it ever gets to the stage that the optimal strategy for a war against bitcoin is bounty hunting on bitcoin miners, bitcoin has already won and nobody is going to have the money to actually pay any of those bounties, never mind the fact it would be impossible to track down the miners.
I truly don't understand the knots that people trying to rationalise why the state actually will be able to attack bitcoin in some way manage to tie themselves in. Is it really *so terrifying* to people that a currency might exist that the state has no control over? *Why* is this so scary? You realise that this is a reversion to the status quo that has been the case for the vast majority of history? Fiat money as an experiment has *always* without exception failed throughout history, why do you so desperately need to believe "this time it's different" ?
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:06:43
I'm aware that people get the impression I'm angry at them because of the way I see their behaviour, that's not actually the case. I am aware that you think you are acting morally and likely think very highly of your own ethical code. On that basis I don't see any reason to get angry at anyone for behaving this way, I only don't enter into business agreements with people that hold those positions, and I explain to them what their actions and beliefs really actually mean in practice when asked. 
To be more precise, my measure is that the risk of dealing with people who need me to be subject to death in order to be assured I will adhere to the terms of the agreement is extremely high and thus I don't enter into any agreements with them. I don't hate them, and I'm not angry with them. I imagine it's much the same way as "regular people" see entering into business arrangements with organised criminal cartels known to engage in violence, as that is effectively identical to the behaviour of the state, just people don't "accept" it as readily as they do when it is the state that engages in identical behaviour.
But you are correct, I believe the technological insulation against state meddling will work, you don't. If I believed as you believed I too would also think that bitcoin was just another payment network, and because I don't believe that to be the case, I believe it will change the world.
Only time will tell which of us ends up correct. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:13:33
As a long time statist shill with 300k+ karma and a comment history that reads like a propaganda handbook, I don't give a fuck what you think, that said, for anyone else reading this;
Look at the list, almost every single term on there is part of a coherent whole that paints the state as variously corrupt or incompetent. You come up with a better explanation besides the obvious one.
*“To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.” - Voltaire*
@_date: 2014-04-02 16:00:34
The same way any other gang of thieves have managed to steal coins, by force or fraud. The only difference really is they enjoy legal sanction rather than persecution.
Makes you think.
@_date: 2014-04-15 02:20:23
If you figure it out let me know, the brigading here is disgustingly obvious but there's no obvious source for it. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 07:05:29
Yeah, he thinks it's awesome that a trustless decentralised consensus ledger was built, and that the only thing it needs to fix it is a trusted centralised authority.
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:19:08
Surrendering wealth to the violent authoritarian sociopaths because if we don't they might hurt us seems like a poor strategy from the perspective of incentivising the exact kind of behaviour one should most heavily want to discourage.
Better to simply castrate them, Bitcoin will likely do this.
@_date: 2014-04-01 15:28:17
Cue entry of the cheerleaders for the omnipotence of the state in 3.. 2.. 1
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:01:00
You're right, sorry I keep forgetting about this. It's actually "they claim the right to tax all economic activity undertaken **by any humans they claim to own**".
@_date: 2014-07-19 18:33:58
I will definitely not involve myself in the process of the creation of these regulations. 
In addition I will boycott any vendor holding or publically supporting holders of state issued bitcoin licensing similar to the kind being proposed here. Simultaneously I will go out of my way to support any business doing likewise. 
Basically, freeze them out. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 14:09:02
If they tried to introduce laws that actually covered all the scenarios that would be involved in this setup and then went about trying to enforce them, it would be impossible.  They would lose more trying to enforce the law than they would gain actually doing it.
In practice of course they'll just ignore the law or selectively enforce it only to suppress threats to fiat currency.
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:01:23
Wrong answer shit for brains, the reason I've never paid US taxes and never will is the same reason you don't, I'm not a US citizen.
I guess that whatever you do you always apply yourself thing only applies for when you're not trying to offhandedly verify your biases by throwing out ridiculous assumptions. It amuses the hell out of me that someone so often on the wrong end of the political cheerleading brigade can come in here and engage in the exact same behaviour they're always calling out back in their home subreddit.
I guess that expensive degree you're going for isn't worth the paper it will be printed on, kid. As someone who admits to being another mouth on the teat of the state and loving that corporate welfare nectar, your position is as unsurprising as it is invalid.
People exactly like you *and* the fuckheads you spend inordinate amounts of time railing against on are the reason I left the country for good, and the beautiful irony that you both miss is that you are in fact for all intents and purposes *identical*. 
You think and behave exactly alike, the only difference is the core assumption on what personally you can do to get more of that sweet state milk flowing into your mouths. You as a group best personify that ancient quote by Bastiat; *"The state is the great fictitious entity by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else."*
And the result is you both thwart each other and simply enable the parasites in power that use your nature to feather their own nests. It's almost poetic justice if we neglect the fact that even the innocent bear the weight of your campaigning as well.
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:23:09
So what are you doing to address the evil machinations of shoe makers and food providers taking advantage of the natural state of things to exploit you? Where's the socialist action platform on that?
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:08:40
Freedom from *political* authority yes, that's the primary motivation for me. I believe that political authority is a massive parasitic overhead on the free market that is choking the life out of the global economy and needs to die in order for the markets to recover and reach a state of the efficient allocation of capital. 
Within the state controlled financial systems as they stand, the only thing that matters is political patronage. If you have a central bank engaging in infinite QE to back your policies, it actually really doesn't matter how sensible they are. With this kind of backing you could run a Martingale strategy and basically be guaranteed to eventually win so long as your political patron keeps bailing you out.
I believe it is impossible for the efficient allocation of capital in markets to actually happen when this is the reality on the ground. To fix this situation, the state must either die, or at least be stripped of all market power.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:35:36
I don't know or care who it is, just *what* it is.  And all this ridiculous continuous deflection from the facts at hand won't change that at all. I'm done talking to you (EDIT; not because I think you are a member of some shadowy scary cabal that I want to hide from, but because you are so fucking stupid it hurts my head just to listen to you drool mindlessly). 
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:43:26


We do indeed irreconcilably and fundamentally disagree. It would thus be fruitless to even try. I see "The Social Contract" as a modern version of the Divine Right Of Kings with the exception that otherwise intelligent people don't immediately dismiss it as completely absurd. However, we are not actually discussing the way things *ought* to be, but the way things *are*. 
If the premise that bitcoin is a hard currency which the state is unable to control is true, when everyone figures this out the state loses its ability to control the markets. This is not a case of "should it be this way", it is a case of B follows A by definition. If the state cannot control bitcoin and you wish to thwart the market power of the state, you need only transact in bitcoin to do so.
I understand based on your political beliefs that you would find this situation worthy of despair just as readily as I find it of supreme relief, but the way we feel about it changes nothing about the underlying reality of the situation.


There are more ways to enforce contracts than the imminent plausible threat of physical violence.


We disagree on the appropriateness of the term "civil" in this context. In a neighbourhood under the sway of organised crime, typically only the enforcers of the organisation are empowered to apply force within the neighbourhood. This says nothing about the desirability of such a situation.


The shadow economy is both the second largest as well as the fastest growing economy in the world, and this is the economy entirely free from political authority. In addition to that, take into account the pieces of the main economy that are not directly controlled by political authority and the remainder of purely state controlled economic activity is completely dwarfed by comparison.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:40:11
Or perhaps people really are as stupid as it seems. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 07:57:24
[Once again, you're flat wrong, by your very own source.]
 (


They simply are not as powerful as they have led you to believe, I encourage you to question the state of reality more often, you appear to be quite misled.
@_date: 2014-01-25 03:54:43
You know, thinking about it in that context more closely, the way unattractive people are treated in my home first world western nation does actually come uncomfortably close to the way anyone with black or brown skin is treated in my current notoriously racist country.
In both instances there's a propensity to prejudge worthlessness and as much as possible avoid contact and engagement. And in both instances the exact opposite behaviour applies to the "in group". 
A white skinned person in Thailand or an attractive person in Australia can still make people think they should be avoided or be written off as a cretin, but it's typically not the default in either case.
@_date: 2014-08-12 01:49:38
100k in ones won't fit in a carry-on.
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:41:59




@_date: 2014-06-13 09:33:22


That is, I acknowledge I don't know what I'm talking about, but please allow me to launch into yet another multi page refrain about why I am right and you are wrong.
No thank you. I'm not even going to bother to address anything to do with the debate on whether ancap ideas are right or wrong, so you may as well just stop trying to continue that part of the discussion, I am simply not going to grace that continued idiocy with a response at all. That doesn't leave much else, but let's see;


And how do you suppose these human beings would target their enemies, being as they are by definition formless and invisible? There is no way you can know the people using cryptocurrencies if they do not want to be known, and the more vigorously you attack them, the more formless they become. The mathematics is on their side, not yours. You may as well claim you could fight a war against an army of ghosts, you will lose.


I am not even an "an cap" from the perspective of somebody that is supposed to heave "faith in the ideals of an ideology". I *know* that political authority is an intrinsically corrupt institution, I *believe* that of all the alternatives currently postulated for the function of a society without resort to political authority, anarchocapitalism is the best one. I acknowledge that something better may well come along some day, or I may simply not have heard of some other alternative that is better than it. All I am certain of is that it will not rely upon political authority. And that is the genesis of Bitcoin, to take the power of money and markets out of the hands of political authority and leave it to the market participants themselves. 


I read a significant amount of your comment history, you are a typical garden variety authoritarian socialist, i am intimately familiar with this position. I am sorry, but you are simply not very interesting in this aspect and little sets you apart from the dozens that have come before you.


You're an atheist (as I am), of what credence do you lend to the weighty pronouncements of theistic philosophers and theologians throughout the ages, do you not think it is the height of arrogance that someone as weak and puny as you could so readily discard their mighty dissertations? If not, why not? And what is the supposed difference between that discredited soft science, and yours? When you understand why you lose no sleep discarding the full range of their conclusions, you should understand why I lose no sleep discarding the full range of yours.


That is because you are too stupid to realise that it invalidates them, You are an authoritarian socialist, that is, your ideology relies upon the ability to levy taxes and the primacy of political authority over market power. Bitcoin makes this impossible, therefore it is contrary to your ideology. 


I think that people are too stupid to understand the root of the wealth being generated by that particular tree, but a dumb animal doesn't need to understand why a particular tree always has a generous supply of nutrient rich water available for it to drink from in order to take advantage of it.
@_date: 2014-07-08 03:14:36
Thought experiment; How do you propose the dismantling of the state as an entity without being labelled "fanatical"? I don't think this is possible, it would be like going back to the 1600's and proposing the dismantling of the catholic church without being labelled the same.
That doesn't mean either idea actually *is* either bad, or fanatical.
@_date: 2014-05-03 18:04:13
[You're so right.] (
@_date: 2014-03-31 13:11:41
Personally I value it from the perspective of what would gold be worth if you could transmit it to anywhere on the planet, hold as much of it as you could purchase, and nobody could know you even had it unless you wanted them to know. In a world of fundamentally worthless fiat currencies I think that's quite a valuable set of characteristics.
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:05:28
This is interesting, [This exact same subject was raised] ( a couple of days ago, and at the time it read like the most massive vote brigade target I had ever seen.
Sure enough, two days later the exact same subject is breached and the actual vote ratios on the comments look completely different and much more believable.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:22:56
*smirk* 
You and your *FACTS*. 
**Get the fuck out of here.**
@_date: 2014-03-21 11:00:56
[Vaccination conspiracies *are* real. Just not in the way most people think.] (
It does however just serve to emphasize the original point even more I suppose. 
People are meteorically stupid.
@_date: 2014-03-20 08:12:40
What you said was that tor was vulnerable, that was untrue. Look at the mechanisms that they used to de-anonymise even the fraction of traffic for which they were able, simple end user exploitation, rather than attacking the fundamental underlying fabric of the network in question, which they can't do, because once again; it relies on strong cryptography in order to achieve what it does, and they are unable to break this strong cryptography.
Strong cryptography defeats cryptanalysis, this is simply not up for debate at this point in time. If you don't accept this as fact, you should really not be using any kind of computer system which has any pretensions of security at all, by the way.
@_date: 2014-04-19 12:12:10


Of course, and using this as an example; There is no way in hell I would ever enter into a contract in any way shape or form with somebody who holds the same positions you do. Our interests are fundamentally opposed and I would never trust you in any way shape or form. I do not mean to be offensive by saying this, merely descriptive; from my perspective you are a psychopath. 
Whenever I enter into a contract I analyse it based on the consideration I will gain from it as well as the risk of default. That risk of default can be mitigated to the extent that I can understand that it is not in the interests of the counterparty to default on the contract for various reasons. None of those reasons necessarily have to be "because they will be killed" and frankly I would prefer that they were not. 
If I know that it is in our mutual interests to meet the conditons of the contract, and believe that even to the extent that things change it will *still* be in our mutual interests to meet the conditions of the contract, it is in my advantage to honour the contract.


I'd say exactly the opposite, that if anything, history is the slow death of totalitarian authoritarianism. In all cases where a liberty rich society has opposed an authoritarian society, the liberty rich society eventually wins. Of course, this discussion isn't *about* that, as much as you try to make it about that. I want to be clear, it doesn't matter about your love of political authoritarianism or my belief that all political authority is inherently evil.
All that matters and all that is in question are the facts of reality; Is bitcoin a currency over which the state cannot cannot exert power? If yes, that is the world changing end of the ability of the state to pervert the course of free markets. That is all there is to it. If no, then bitcoin is just a neat trick which serves as a decentralised replacement for the major international centralised electronic payment networks.


I would feel extremely uncomfortable resting on my laurels because I happen to agree with the voting public about anything. That most of the fools in the world believe something is not much of a ringing endorsement to me. But if it works for you, congratulations. You will forgive me if I am entirely unswayed.
@_date: 2014-05-04 09:02:40
It would work just like capitalism without the crony prefix.
@_date: 2014-07-19 06:42:14
Not because of the blessings of any phony state! But because I have been set free by the mathematics of cryptography!
Can I borrow your fedora and fingerless gloves, please? ;)
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:26:55
I'd almost go so far as to say I don't care who said it, I still consider it entirely accurate, but that's not entirely true. I do actually care who said it and I thank you for bringing it to my attention that I was inaccurate about the source. 
I still think it is undeniably true, even if spoken by a monstrous individual. The truth of a statement ought not be modified by the person who said it, and this particular idea is one that has been [thrown around plenty recently at any rate.] (
@_date: 2014-03-17 08:33:46
You could just buy darkcoin, darksend it to another address or group thereof spread out temporally, and then buy back bitcoin from those addresses. It would be impossible to trace.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:23:12
This still doesn't discount the underlying equation; if you can make it more expensive to appropriate your wealth than the cost of doing so, it makes no sense to attack you. This is not difficult to do. Even on the fractured 500 million plus scale that you refer to.  Wealth is easy to destroy, cryptocurrencies make it easy to hide, trying to even pick a target in such a landscape is a challenge enough on its own letalone actually pulling off an attack at a cost below what you stand to gain from doing so. 
And that's the core of what I keep trying to get at; optimising the balance between defense and attack economically in favour of defense is to the advantage of agencies which exist to reap profit from subscribers without having to pay the costs of attack that they themselves are constantly trying to inflate. Cheaper defense (hiding wealth, destroying wealth on capture attempts that get anywhere near success, directly resisting attack atttempts) and more expensive offense (trying to counter the aforementioned) is good for peace. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:22:27
What was executive order 6102, why was it issued, how effective was it at meeting the intended goal, what was the actual result, what does that tell us about the desires and powers of the government when it comes to the purchasing power behind all currencies in general? What implications does this episode have about a time when the state may attempt a similar gambit with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:30:31
A lot of people don't choose ghash.io, they buy liquid ghash on cex.io and they're automatically allocated the ghash pool, they don't get the choice what pool to use. Effectively all the volume bought on cex.io is allocated to that pool.
I hope cex.io gets some competition soon, I'm considering doing it myself.
@_date: 2014-06-13 06:10:18


Many many more than that, the fact that you honestly think that purely what I just cited is the entire corpus of ancap literature really tells us all we need to know about what you know.


In other news, they don't study atheism at theology schools, either. What a surprise.


I've had the debate a dozens of times, this is not an exaggeration, if you want to just repeat the same bullshit over and over again read my comment history, you haven't raised a single issue that I haven't directly addressed dozens of times before. I'm bored with it, and once again, the debate is not the issue even in question.


Until now there has been no way to peacefully resist parasitism from the state. Your argument is effectively identical to "We've always had disease, thus disease must be optimal". And once again, it is not the issue in question. You just desperately want to have this debate and I am sick to death of it, I'm not going to be drawn into it for the millionth goddamned time.


Yes they did, you are clueless, go look back into the genesis of Bitcoin. As for whether they will legitimise it, that is what this entire discussion is supposed to be about, except you keep trying to morph it into "ACCEPT MY STATIST VIEWS AND ADMIT THEY ARE NECESSARY AND SUPERIOR". Not going to happen.


You don't, I know your position intimately, I view it as ridiculous, but the entire discussion is about humoring it. I laid out what will happen if it turns out that you are correct already.


This would imply that people are voluntarily contributing the necessary resources to enable states to continue to exist. If that is the case, fine. I would think people were stupid for so contributing, but if you want to imagine a parallel fantasy world where the local mugger finally loses his gun and everyone comes around to give him donations to see him through these troubled times, go right ahead.


[Or you might just be ignorant and delusional yourself.] ( Bitcoin is indisputably a result of the crypto-anarchist tradition, deal with it. [Here] ( is the coin you should be using if you want to hold to your political ideals. Unsurprisingly it is failing miserably without the coercion element available to it.


Which you speculate to be the case because I disagree with your viewpoint, whilst failing to acknowledge that I also view your viewpoint in precisely the same way. But you simply can't leave it at lets agree to disagree, you have to keep trying to ram your statist nonsense down my throat. I'm not interested, and I never will be. The mormon proselytizers ain't got shit on you son, papa state should be proud.


I laid out the simple facts at the very beginning in one post that invalidated your entire attempt to pillory free markets by using state controlled markets as your pet whipping boy. You then just restated your initial premises as if nothing had changed, I then opted out of bothering to continue the discussion with you and advised you to look elsewhere if that's your purpose, whilst directing your attention to the fact that this discussion was not about whether the state is necessary or not, but what would happen if the state *were* necessary and cryptocurrencies killed it.


Wrong, I'm just not interested in having that discussion with you, it bores me. 


Can't say I hold the same hopes for you and your ilk, your stockholm syndrome is showing.


Of course not, because your precious little socialist heart is offended by the comparison, bless your blind ignorance.
@_date: 2014-07-01 04:47:33
I wonder if frankeh will ever get tired of looking like an idiot.
@_date: 2014-04-06 10:16:03
I love the piggy bank analogy, I'll use that I think.
 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:00:54
Bitcoin is already neutral in terms of nationality. What would make an altcoin more suited to oil in particular do you think?
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:54:49


@_date: 2014-03-08 09:00:17
I didn't know they were state owned.
Oh, I see, religion, the other cult that encourages lying to expand its empire. 
My mistake.
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:09:51
Yeah they're all just crazy and democide is just a made up word that doesn't actually exist or mean anything (don't look that up). Hooray for the state.
@_date: 2014-07-01 04:18:14
I understood that reference.
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:18:27
Yes. 
Run a fund with a heavy reserve, colour coins backed to the tune of those reserve requirements, float the currency. If the price goes below your target point, buy it back until it's at the target, if above, sell until it's at the target. As long as you don't go colouring coins you don't have backing for, you could do this indefinitely. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 01:45:35
Preach. Not everyone can be so intelligent as to get past high school precalculus in only three attempts. You should go educate them for sure, they could learn so much from your wisdom. 
@_date: 2014-12-10 20:01:26
There are no centralised state institutions which could not be implemented using blockchain technology. A reserve bank is just the first one that was implemented (Bitcoin) and even by itself gives the ability to conduct worldwide electronic trade absent the existence and even in the active hostility of state actors, which directly enables anything that relies on markets to similarly operate absent the state. 
It's not well understood just how important trade and money systems are relative to the political sideshow of the state that attracts far more attention and reverence. Lose markets and all you have is some starving socialist backwater. To the extent the state can be suppressed and markets flourish on the other hand and you have the majority of the highest points of the greatest civilisations in history. 
We now for the first time in history have the technical ability to run a decentralised civilisation with flourishing markets *completely absent* the political state as an entity, I believe this is a truly revolutionary opportunity. 
@_date: 2017-02-28 07:40:07
When you've spent your entire life in the dark, the light hurts your eyes.
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:22:33
My point isn't that your strawman portrayal of your opposition is a fair and balanced analysis, just pointing out the ridiculousness of your pretense that there's no good reason anyone might be led to believe things along those lines, what with over 250,000,000 deaths in the past century due to government making it the largest non natural cause of death, and all.
Let's not just pretend ignorance to make it seem more ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:18:06
Yeah, like that, except the skateboarders are invisible and the cops are handicapped.
@_date: 2014-07-19 05:26:02
Admit it, this is fundamentalist bait, right? 
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:39:18
Ah, of course, how silly of me. What we should do is just increase the rules and regulations tenfold and all the problems will be instantly cleared up, as it is unquestionable that said rules and regulations are the solution to the problem, and absurd that they could be the cause of it.
You are a genius, where do I sign up for your newsletter or donate to your political campaign?
@_date: 2014-06-13 04:02:12


[You] (
[Are] (
[Wrong] (
But I guess you're used to it by now.


That's exactly the point that you keep utterly missing, my answer has nothing to do with whether the theories about anarchocapitalism are correct or not. 
**If** *I am right*, that is if the state truly is just a parasitic growth on the productive market economy of society, reality will reflect that as people have the ability to immunise themselves from that parasitism and it slowly shrivels and dies with little actual ill effect to society as a whole.
**If** *you are right*, that is if the state is actually an essential entity in a symbiotic relationship with the productive market economy of society, reality will reflect that as people who believe otherwise and immunise themselves from the costs of the state causing it to shrink have an actual observable negative effect and people abandon cryptocurrencies because of it.
Nothing in the original answer hinged on whether or not anarchocapitalism was right, specifically because you said in your hypothetical "Imagine if it is actually true that taxes are necessary" and I was specifically humoring you. And yet you *still* spiraled off into endless rote repeating of the who will build the roads lord's prayer, and yes, I find that boring and annoying, for the ten thousandth time. If you want to have that discussion, I'm sure you can find many people who haven't had it ten thousand times over in to have it with you. I am not one of those people.
To put it in a short and blunt summary; cryptocurrencies have the state in a choke hold, as it starts to die slowly, there will be obvious results.


We built it, if you don't like it, fuck off to some keynesian copycoin, there are dozens. If they don't fit your tastes, build one yourself. You are absolutely free to do whatever you like, that you choose to desperately try to coopt the coin built by people holding our position is telling. That you then have the nerve to try and guilt us for not buckling under to the state for public relations purposes is flatly hilarious and sad.


You are flatly wrong, I am not having this conversation with you. Who will pick the cotton was not an effective rebuke for those who wanted to abolish slavery, who will build the roads isn't either. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 05:08:05
Ah, I understand. My mistake. Thanks for the clarification and I agree completely. The answer to "why should it be?" is it shouldn't. But the answer to "why is it?" is "because it benefits the state".  
@_date: 2017-02-10 12:01:41
If you ran the most lucrative and widely deployed middleman business in the world, and you had the ability to make cutting you out of the loop illegal, would you do it? 
That's why. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:00:12
As long as you pay an exit tax and unless the renunciation is for tax reasons.
@_date: 2014-04-12 11:39:58
THIS IS WHY HE'S CEO FOLKS, WORTH EVERY PENNY.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:47:35
In actuality; None.
If you want a tortured justification from the state, they claim the right to tax all economic activity within their geographic area (Actually as iwantathink points out, it's worse than this; they claim the right to tax all economic activity undertaken **by any humans they claim to own**). The fact that they did not enable that activity and have in fact done their utmost to thwart it is no waiver on that right. If economic activity was undertaken by one of the humans they claim to own, they claim the right to tax it. 
Look at Uber or AirBNB for example, they're desperately trying to bleed more tax out of both of these enterprises as hard as they can *and at the same time* trying to erect regulatory barriers against their competing with the incumbents in the markets they target. The fact they're vigorously trying to kill them has no bearing on the fact that they seek to parasite from them through taxation.
To really grasp the situation you have to drop that whole "fee for services rendered" model we implicitly go for and left leaning political animals trot out as a justification for taxation and instead go with extortion under the auspices of an organised criminal organisation. 
"Nice store, it'd be a shame if something were to happen to it, like say I slipped and fell over and my baseball bat went through your window by accident" vs "Nice life, it'd be a shame if something were to happen to it, like you were kidnapped and sent to a rape and torture dungeon for a few years".
"By what method" is a more interesting question though, because the answer there is also very simple; They rely on people self reporting the amount of extortion due. There are some holes with this idea, and it will be interesting to see how it works out in practice going forward. Imagine if the police department plan for curtailing armed robbery in an area was to send out forms to all the residents asking them if they'd robbed anyone that year. 
Probably not very effective.
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:14:25


Poker player?
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:25:08
Let's be more honest; The system expected the state to attempt to regulate it and was designed to make such activity impossible. It won't work, period. The only leverage regulators will have on bitcoin is the leverage they can convince people to surrender willingly.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:57:34
You jest, but this was a big thing back in the day. "Intranets" were breathlessly heralded as the next big thing for quite a while. Plenty of corporations still even have them, but they never superceded the internet, just like JPMChain isn't going to supercede bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-27 07:42:54
His comment history is [enlightening] ( not hard to see a pattern in his agenda, and why a story with a positive spin on bitcoin might be against his interests.
@_date: 2016-01-02 20:01:17


That's actually not true on most of the levels which your statement implies, and on the single one that it is true, it does not actually invalidate the value proposition.
Let's break this down.


This can be interpreted a few different ways. 
Whether you mean that you lose power, internet connectivity, or even if the whole world loses power and internet connectivity, your bitcoin private key remains untouched. Thus, in the universal bank, your account remains unaffected by this situation. The only way in which this becomes actually a problem is if the entire world permanently loses power, and if that's the case, your best form of currency is actually likely to be bullets.
One might assume that if the entire world permanently lost internet connectivity, this would also be the case, and the states of the world working in their traditional fashion may be able to stop things from degrading to the point that your best form of currency is likely to be bullets, but even this doesn't hold, because the blockchain does not need to reside on the internet, and can be held and exchanged over practically any data transmission method imaginable from encrypted cypherpunk meshnets to low-tech sneakernets or any temporary access channel modelled after simple old UUCP exchange of block updates. 
The only point you could have in there that would make bitcoin actually worthless is if all data transmission methods were 100% locked down by a totalitarian authoritarian state with absolute reliability and certainty that desperately wanted to stop any bitcoin transaction ever being made ever again. Although no law of nature would be violated by this particular occurrence, this is not going to happen, the political difficulty is exceeded only by the technical difficulty.
Actually I'm kind of uncomfortable with the assertion that even in the latter case no law of nature would be violated, because cryptography / steganography might make it not just *extremely difficult* but *actually completely impossible* to implement such a plan.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:55:45
They are more stable than a fiat currency, they're not more stable than all of the fiat currencies that currently exist. I'm not sure they ever will be, it will be interesting if it happens so.
@_date: 2017-02-10 16:24:02
You can be guilty of money laundering without aiding drug dealers. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:33:16
I've been doing this for about two years now in SEA, also a programmer. Works just fine.
Welcome to the new age. We are not the first and will not be the last.
Careful with that price point, it sounds very low and what people advertise here as a deluxe serviced apartment may well not be what you have in mind. If it's not on a lease in advance though you should be fine.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:01:14
Good work on throwing brer rabbit in the briar patch, gwei lo.
@_date: 2016-01-02 21:18:39
Gold and silver are probably better *during* the particular exact scenario that you're raising, but that doesn't at all translate to holding bitcoin being just a gamble, which is what you actually originally said.
Even *in* that particular exact scenario, you have one month without power / communications during which your bitcoin is inaccessible, after that your bitcoin is re-accessible and probably more valuable than ever due to the preceding collapse.
@_date: 2016-01-02 20:18:47
Internal combustion engines, semiconductors, light emitting diodes, international freight shipping, world energy markets and trade, nuclear fission, in fact just pick pretty much any complex underlying principle used by the plumbing of modern life and insert it here, and then ask how much these "average people" understand that thing?
They twist their tap, they get water, they turn their keys, the magical transport mobile comes on, they put an order in on a website, the thing they want appears in their mailbox a few days later. Average people are by and large, idiotic semi sentient cattle that do not understand a thing about the underlying principles driving the world within which they reside, but the critical factor is that they do not need to, all they need to do is throw slurs like "nerd" at the infinitely superior people that actually do to deal with their ignorance, and get on with their lives at the very end of the pipeline fueled by those underlying principles, with child-safe and user friendly interfaces stretched over the sharp edges so they don't have to see them and can't hurt themselves.
Bitcoin is just another mark on this well worn line.
@_date: 2017-03-30 07:52:23
So like Xapo?
@_date: 2017-03-30 08:00:49
I have had extensive experience with them so far and aside from a slightly arduous and slow KYC procedure, and everything associated along this line being kind of annoying, I have found them reliable and good.
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:52:34
This is something cypherpunks and anarchocapitalists have been shouting from the rooftops for years is likely true. 
I wish the serfs would figure this shit out. The state is not your friend, you are their victim, and they'll do whatever they want to optimise their parasitism with no regard at all for your ridiculous "checks and balances" 
@_date: 2016-01-27 14:43:09
There's plenty there that has nothing to do with extremists on either camp, some as simple as saying "censorship is bad", or simply calling for compromise, the point is, clearly there is censorship, and there is abundant evidence for it, so much so that simply pointing to it is the best way to disprove that claim to the contrary..
@_date: 2016-01-27 08:04:21
[Evidence.] ( 
@_date: 2016-01-03 01:22:10


This description leaves room for some people that self describe as average people not being contained within the following designation. By and large does not mean without exception. 
Frankly, I appreciate "average people" that are smart enough to know that those manipulating the underlying principles upon which their lives rely deserve their appreciation, not their scorn. So, kudos to you and your ilk.
It is the scorn which provoked my original comment, not the simple concept of "average people". It is a tired argument I've heard far too often and I'm constantly aggravated by "average people" thinking they can sideline others just by labelling them nerds and thinking they've actually scored some kind of point and wanted to take it down in detail.
@_date: 2016-06-21 22:59:46
1. We'll see, since it looks like ethereum is going to bail out the DAO, no matter what.
2. I do not share your hopes, but yes, that is what it comes down to.
3. Making a blacklist of possible contract results and matching them with actual contract results is not at all an AI level task.
@_date: 2016-06-21 00:28:26
And contracts frequently have loopholes, and teams of lawyers try to exploit these loopholes, and when they do, the lawyer that wrote the bad contract takes the reputational hit for his bad work, and the lawyer that exploited it takes the credit for his good work. They do not typically petition the central bank to hard fork the currency issuance so that the investors behind the contract do not take a haircut. 
This is the paradigm smart contracts are looking to replace. This is the standard that smart contract lawyers (aka programmers) will need to be held to. Yes, this is very different from the days when programmers were not overly considered critical and important, and their mistakes did not have the same impact of the mistakes of a lawyer, but if smart contracts take over from the law with decentralised organisations using blockchains for their ledgers, we software developers and technology evangelists need to take the bad (our stuff matters now and our mistakes can *really* break things completely) with the good (lawyers and the subjective,  inefficient and corrupt industry they represent are dying, and we will steal the bulk of their market share). 
Otherwise, what justification does anyone have to abandon the old ways at all? If this shell game on top is just a charade over the existing system, not to be taken as the sole source of actual truth, then it is just more needless complexity *atop* that sole source of truth, and pays mere lip service to the concept of superseding the extant dispute resolution apparatus. 
If ethereum centrally imposes a fork over this, it has effectively killed itself. The more I look into it and think about it, the more confident I am of this. It's time to see if all the hype was just rhetorical, or they're truly committed to the vision they put forward. And I say this a supporter of Ethereum and a passionate advocate of the ideas and justifications for smart contracts. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 07:46:27


How do you implement such a clause without recourse to human mediators, thus a centralised point of control which can be pressured by higher authorities, thus negating the purpose of a parallel system of polycentric law not beholden to said authorities?
Also, I know from personal experience that when the language of a contract is imprecise and open to interpretation, a judge may well rule in a way that the language specifies but  is totally not expected. I remember a case where some company leased a pc from another company, and the contract stipulated that the lease would automatically renew until cancelled, neither the company providing the computer nor the company in possession of the computer noticed this for ten years until the lessee finally did after a new accountant was going through their accounts. They then asked the lessee for the intervening 50k worth of payments they had made in the 10 years, and although the judge strongly recommended that the lessor do so, he acknowledged as a matter of law and the language of the contract, the lessee had done nothing wrong and he would be forced to rule in their favour. 
Now we can definitely dispute that this case is nowhere near as blatantly exploitative as what happened with the DAO, however, without a human mediator to make judgement calls, there is even less scope for interpretation. If the code is both the letter *and the enforcement* of the contract, to revoke this really nullifies the entire purpose of the apparatus. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 22:32:20


But if you're looking for recourse to human intermediation, you're really not, is what I'm getting at. And you appear to be. Anyone that wants the DAO to be bailed out at the expense of ethereum holders is effectively saying "Well this smart contract stuff is clearly broken, and I shouldn't be held responsible for it".


People do what is in their interests, actually you can expand that, parties do what is in their interests. The courts will assault smart contracts with every fibre they can muster if they have the slightest chance of rationalising it to themselves as reasonable behaviour in their minds, because it is in their interests to destroy a parallel infrastructure which makes them obsolete. 
It was in the interest of Thiel to destroy Gawker. For the record, that's actually not something I'm particularly mournful about, those guys had it coming, but this idea that people won't pursue their interests because it might make them look too aggressive, generally not true.


And yet, it is the very *structure* of smart contracts that means that there is no "reasonable man" presently in the loop. If you think one should exist, perhaps the actions of a reasonable man could be put into code and made a part of the validation mechanism for smart contracts, if one could define a blacklist of potential actions for a smart contract, and say "regardless of how this condition is triggered, if it is the result of the contract, the contract is to be deemed void" this would give you the result of a reasonable man, without the actual *presence* of a reasonable man.
I think that's actually not a bad idea, it is however, not presently the status quo, and was certainly not the status quo at the time that this event took place.
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:20:20
How does the layer at 2 not get superseded by a higher authority that dictates the way that miner / nodes must vote on penalty of being held in contempt of court? Let's say our intrepid hacker says that he has a legal opinion saying what he did is perfectly valid from the mainline courts (which he claims to have) and says any nodes or miners that vote against letting him keep his proceeds will be subject to civil action in a mainline court, what then? The code and computers don't care and will happily tell the court to go jump, but the operators of nodes and miners being personally liable is a different kettle of fish altogether.
As soon as you take the question out of the objective and impartial realm of code and mathematics, you raise scope for political wrangling and interference, the exact thing that the entire purpose of the design was supposed to eliminate, there's really no getting around that. I completely understand where you're coming from with the perspective that it's an absurdity that such a thing ought to be honoured, but I still see no alternative without negating the central value proposition of the innovation.
With regards to the ruling, you could just as easily have interpreted the contract as expiring past the initial lease point as contracts do in the vast majority of cases. It is certainly not reasonable to assume that the lessee actually *wanted* to pay 55k for the rental of a 486 over a period of 11 years, but that's what the language said, the lessor and lessee had signed the lease and mutually agreed to it, and so that is what the court held them to despite it not being a reasonable assumption, nor par for the course, because that is what the language in the contract stipulated to the letter on a small section that neither of them likely actually read at the time the lease was signed.
I'm not debating that if a human is in the loop on the particular case of this DAO exploit, they will always say "Obviously this is an exploit". I can see no alternative to this being the case, but as far as a computer and code is concerned, and at the moment *that* is the final arbitrator, the contract was executed precisely as written.
@_date: 2016-06-24 09:01:20
Remain and stay mean the same thing, just quietly. 
@_date: 2016-06-08 14:28:59
There aren't any. The state is wholly corrupt, always has been, always will be. There are just people in the state that know that, and people who don't. 
@_date: 2016-06-20 03:08:53
My mistake, well spotted, I did not realise it was actually a video and only saw the initial frame of $750,000. Thank you for the correction.
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:52:12


That doesn't work, at best it will force all mining activity underground, and allow mining activity that complies an enormous advantage in infrastructure procurement, not having to fight the state, etc, at worst it will mean that nobody will take the risk to validate transactions on the network within the political sphere of influence of party x. And if party X is say the United States or China, that would be almost everyone.


Do you seriously doubt that Peter Thiel would finance a lawsuit against gawker because of a personal grudge despite being obviously a bully in that particular circumstance, because it's in his interests to see gawker burn?
What do you suppose it is in the interests of the mainline extant legal system to see smart contracts do?


They read the contract, they just didn't understand the particular implications of that particular clause. Just like the investors in the DAO should've read the code (I'm wagering that the vast majority of them actually did not) or had a smart contract savvy programmer do it for them and validate that it would be in their interests to make that investment. Instead, they naively trusted code that they did not understand, no different from your average idiot clicking on an exe attached to their email from the Prince of nigeria, and now expect to be bailed out for their idiocy at the expense of the primary value proposition for the existence of the system.
They should not have done what they did, the consequences have been large for the action, and if the consequences are nullified, it just makes it clear this is all not trustworthy and nothing but a game. If it is accepted that this is the result of the negligence, next time people will *not* be so negligent, next time they will undertake the necessary due diligence.
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:40:22
It's super, super rare, however;
*From 1988 until 8 January 2008, 5,263 claims relating to autism, and 2,865 non-autism claims, were made to the VICP. 925 of these claims, one autism-related (see previous rulings), were compensated, with 1,158 non-autism and 350 autism claims dismissed; awards (including attorney's fees) totaled $847 million.*
So it does seem to hold up that in at least one case between 1988 and 2008, a plaintiff was awarded compensation for autism related damage from a vaccination.
@_date: 2016-06-20 03:00:30
No it's not. Global wealth is about 60 trillion, current bitcoin is 75% of eventual total of 21 million, (15.75 million) 60 trillion / 15.75 million = about 3.8 million.
@_date: 2017-01-05 05:32:38


[Nope] (


This is syntactically identical to the following argument; Gold has no scarcity because it can face competition from an infinite number of other physical materials.


This is syntactically identical to the following argument; Once asteroids are perceived as more than just a nuisance by dinosaurs, they will erect an asteroid defense system in a heartbeat.


Because you don't understand the above, it's perfectly reasonable that you would think this. 


This needs to be re-stated because you seem convinced with quite some certainty about the relevance of this. Bitcoin specifically, and modern peer to peer distributed cryptocurrencies in general, were *constructed* with the understanding that the infrastructure that they consist of would be an existential threat to the state, and the state may well respond accordingly.
Armies employing firearms are similarly unphased by the idea that they may attract the opprobrium of armoured heavy cavalry due to their unsportsmanlike conduct and the fact that the latter precipitates the obsolescence of the former, but they were *designed* with that understanding in mind. The very fact that you acknowledge there is insatiable global demand for a currency should be a good indicator to you that this is just a decisive blow in an extremely long war, not as you assume, a relic of the political naivety of the designers of, and the community stewarding, Bitcoin and other peer to peer distributed cryptocurrencies.
Dinosaurs were killed by asteroids because they had no model for understanding the threat with which they were faced, and no mechanism for defense against such a threat even if they did so understand it.
Heavy cavalry was obsoleted by modern firearms regardless of their understanding, because when you charge a fortified cheap and low maintenance machine gun emplacement with your expensive and high maintenance heavy cavalry, it will be annihilated.
The state will be obsoleted by distributed peer to peer cryptocurrencies, because regardless of their understanding, they are unable to enforce a mechanism to prohibit the performance of the mathematical equations constituting the necessary cryptography backing these peer to peer cryptocurrencies, and this exsanguinates their economic parasitism, subjecting them to the full force of free market competition as a consequence, and thus their annihilation, because everyone well knows that they cannot compete in such circumstances, and have only endured until this point by violent coercion masquerading as benevolent social stewardship.


There is simply no need for such a beast when a purely free market invulnerable infrastructure for the transmission of value between anonymous actors in a trustworthy fashion already exists. 


Which would actually be a final surrender, as a gold backed currency is once again something that they are unable to infinitely parasite from through central bank manipulation. I agree with your analysis on this front and see it as a positive thing. It has no bearing on the success of cryptocurrencies, nor the nature of them dealing a killer blow to any fiat currency which a state would otherwise be able to infinitely parasite from by manipulation.
A world in which gold backed currencies exist alongside cryptocurrencies is perfectly reasonable.


Unless it's backed by a suitable commodity, it's not going to win, for all of the aforementioned reasons, and if it is backed by a suitable commodity, it's not a problem for cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-08-01 16:25:07
I'll be holding both and selling above / buying below  the normal above regression trend from btc and using 80 percent of the profits to buy bch, until a solid regression trend for bch has time to develop, and then re-weigh my strategy from there. 
It's possible that either could win at this stage. 
Both won't, though. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 07:57:18
Last time I checked the leverage of physical to paper gold was 542 to 1 on the largest exchange, so despite increases in gold production, there's a *lot* of upwards room on the demand front, the states of the world, and their puppet central banks, have been playing this game for a very long time and it's clear there's a long way to go before things right themselves, even if supply is massively increased.
But yes, cryptocurrencies are even harder than their elemental counterparts, and few people realise and account for that.
@_date: 2016-06-21 01:02:30
Sure, if you can get people to buy a business that kills everyone, that's how it's going to turn out. 
What you don't consider however is we already have a business like that, which is also the largest cause of non natural death in the prior century. That business is the state, and that business is what all this decentralised currency, dispute resolution and other infrastructure that's springing up around us is *designed* to destroy. It is easy to design a business that kills everyone so long as you don't have to actually pay into that business voluntarily, it's not so easy to design a business that kills everyone when your customers have the choice to refuse to support you. 
The only business that will likely exist to kill people in a decentralised blockchain based future is one that assassinates politicians and forcibly protects humanity from their depredations. Such a business actually already exists, in fact (see [sanjuro assassination market] (   ). As for skynet, would *you* buy that product? I wouldn't. 
@_date: 2017-08-11 11:48:09
[OP right now]  ( 
You sure **told** that guy. Your wife would be proud. Have her give you a snack. 
@_date: 2017-08-10 07:21:05
... 
So 92% of the hash rate and the majority of the trade volume acting together are going to do this, and they don't care what core thinks about it. 
Tell me again what you think is going to happen? 
@_date: 2017-01-15 09:41:18
Facebook is a centralised private organisation with an attached controlling multinational legal infrastructure, and uses technology that relies on centralised services.
Bitcoin is a decentralised anti-organisation with no attached controlling legal infrastructure of any kind, and uses technology that is completely decentralised.
It's like saying fighting the viet cong ought to be just like fighting the Japanese empire, no deal.
@_date: 2017-08-10 13:14:58
All indicators point the opposite direction in terms of hash rate and trade volume. Of course, I do absolutely accept I could be wrong, and time will be the final arbiter on the question. Unlike typical core fanatics who believe they personally dictate what bitcoin is and nothing has the power to change that, despite the fact it's an open decentralised consensus network composed of many more economic nodes than just the bcore dev team and the attached corporate garb.
@_date: 2017-08-10 07:37:07
RemindMe! 90 days "Core still defines what Bitcoin is, 2x failed miserable, so says generaltomline 90 days ago."
@_date: 2017-08-10 12:11:08
Because that would mean they were jumping off a cliff with a long runway in an entirely premeditated way, and their psychology won't allow them to accept that they are wrong about this. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:22:04
If teleporters that used less than a percent of all the other transport methods available were criticised for taking too much power, yeah, maybe.
But that would be stupid.
@_date: 2016-12-13 22:10:40
Cool. Thanks for your help. 
@_date: 2016-11-19 07:09:24
So now you're speculating on the speculative contingencies of a speculative defense to a speculative attack.
That's pretty a speculative strategy cotton, let's see if it pays off.
@_date: 2017-08-10 05:39:04
So what exactly do you plan to do when the 92% of the hashrate signalling segwit2x, from your perspective I guess you would describe it as "forks away" at the time of the 2mb part of the agreement?
Just keep going on the remainder of the hash power, with almost no economic nodes actually using the chain anymore due to the S2X agreement, is that really the plan? We're going to have three chains now?
@_date: 2016-12-13 21:20:41
Is there a way to make them negotiable? I based the prices on similar listings on ebay at the time (though with the recent bump I realise they probably look less sensible every day). And I'm certainly happy to lower them if there were offers, but there has just been nothing at all. I'm not doing anything wrong aside from pricing that you can see?
EDIT; Just realised I can set a fiat currency for pricing, will do that now and reset to present second hand prices.
@_date: 2016-12-19 10:07:43
You're proposing a technical solution which negates the core value proposition of bitcoin, and will not actually solve the problem you nominate, which is actually a non problem.
@_date: 2016-11-29 09:33:03
*"Such a waste of time, he chose money over power. In this town, a mistake nearly everyone makes.*
*Money is the McMansion in Sarasota that starts falling apart after ten years.*
*Power is the old stone building that stands for centuries.*
*I can not respect someone that doesn’t see the difference."*
The above is now, or very soon will be, obsolete.
I know you've been saturated in political intrigue all your life, you think you can infiltrate and subvert the political building blocks of any movement in order to ultimately control where it uses any political authority that it ends up attaining.
Perhaps you act out of malevolence, perhaps you act out of benevolence. Either way, you need to understand that you cannot subvert mathematics. The mathematical underpinnings of this innovation were created largely to sidestep your method of control, and they have been successful in doing so. Any successes which you now accomplish will be hard fought for, and will ultimately only act as evolutionary pressures on the cryptocurrency ecosystem until you have pushed the biosphere into exactly what it was always intended to be; a peer to peer distributed anonymous currency over which central political authority can impose no control whatsoever, guaranteed by mathematical cryptographic truths.
You cannot win.
If you are malevolent, find a new racket, I hear pizzerias are hot right now. If you are benevolent, take advantage of an economic fabric which cannot be subverted by corruption and use it to implement your goals instead of wasting all of your time trying to swim in an anoxic swamp filled with soon to be fossilized creatures. Political authority today is as dead as heavily armoured cavalry was when high power conscript friendly firearms were first produced, it is just a matter of time until a battle settles the question.
Don't be the dying knight on the end of that pointless charge this time around.
@_date: 2016-12-01 03:54:42
Guarantors or collateral. 
@_date: 2016-12-13 21:13:59
Just personal items as an individual, not a business, second hand stuff. 
@_date: 2016-12-19 10:27:51


Sounded to me like you were venturing this as a solution to mainstream scaling. This won't actually solve that problem, is what I mean. You're just creating a poor copy of centralised large data warehouse footprint financial networks with distribution theatre icing on top.
Taking away the *real* benefits of a distributed network will compromise the long term core value proposition, some of which, yes, is fighting economic volatility and inflation.
@_date: 2016-11-26 17:53:29
This is like asking dinosaurs to adapt to meteors.
@_date: 2016-12-13 20:32:01
Is any actual trade taking place on this market yet? I've had four items up for months now and not a single enquiry or indication that anything is happening at all.
@_date: 2016-11-19 07:54:53
It does indeed make sense. It's just speculation at this point though. We don't know for certain that anything has happened. We don't know the switch was tripped. We don't know what happens when the switch is tripped. We don't know if any blockchain is part of the contingency etc. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 09:56:47
An upgrade fork without an economic majority is proportionally less valuable in the short term. Like Bitcoin Core would have been if S2X went through for example. The majority of hash power and market trade volume was behind the plan. Now that's not the case anymore yes anyone can go and deploy the code that would have actually accomplished the fork, but most likely no significant blocs will either mine or trade it, once again like what would have happened to Bitcoin core if their propaganda campaign hadn't paid off.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:54:29
Do you make a habit of walking past the most common ambush spots for your neighbourhood muggers on a regular basis? Doing this is exactly like not engaging in "tax avoidance".
Why is this any less moral than avoiding taxes? Muggers at least have the common decency not to pretend they're doing you any favours.
@_date: 2017-11-09 13:15:09
I've been to dozens of meetups, had dozens of in depth technical discussions on the topic, both on and offline, and there has never been a single valid justification for the long term premeditated blocking of on chain scaling past the throughput of a few Fax machines other than the business interests of blockstream.
Bitcoin is dead. "Bitcoin Core" has zero value. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:51:02
Up until yesterday there was a civil war for control of the eventual long term direction of Bitcoin, it was unclear if the idiotic core roadmap would actually prevail. The recent propaganda campaign was successful though and that's where it's at. The market predictably responded on the news by dozens of altcoins having +10% rises.
The Bitcoin core scaling roadmap is absolutely idiotic, and it is now unequivocally the path forward for the zombie that is shambling around in the body of what used to be Bitcoin. Altcoins absolutely will end up slaughtering that zombie in time given that's the state of things as they stand, but it does take a while to lose such an immense lead. That time slowly started when the concrete negative externalities of the roadmap were made clear this year, and it is accelerating now that its clear there is no amending that roadmap and it will be forced through by endless propaganda no matter how idiotic and painful it is. 
Have faith in the incompetence of core. Through them all failures are assured.
@_date: 2017-11-09 05:21:58


The coin they hijacked. Let's see how long that lasts now the actual scale of that hijacking is completely clear, and bitcoin really is nothing more or less than "what the bitcoin core dev team says it is". Frankly, I hope to see it burn to the ground. That is all that description is worth in my view. 


I'm not confused at all. I know the ath was recently hit, I know the fork away from core control was expected up until yesterday during the period of the massive price rise, and I know that on news of that being cancelled dozens of major Altcoins are up by over 10 percent. The market response is pretty clear from my perspective and it's this; fuck core. And absolutely justifiably so. 


Right. It's just not Bitcoin anymore. Now it's cryptocurrency at large. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 04:53:12
It's not a secret you think that.
The pain you're feeling right now is because you're wrong. You don't know yourself *or* your enemy.
But I am not here to educate you. I am here to destroy you. 
So please, play on.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:58:40
It's really not. Common people have been propagandised to view their shackles positively, but practically everyone who has ever had a modicum of success knows the truth; political authority is a cancer and taxation is robbery. That's why you see the scale of tax avoidance you do at the highest levels of wealth. The Warren Buffetts of the world talk a big game about raising taxes the exact same time as they purposely structure their tax affairs to as close to zero as possible *because* this is effectively using taxes as a weapon to sap the power of their competition who doesn't structure as well as they do.
It is simply not smart to pay enormous amounts you don't have to, to provably inefficient and useless goods and service providers.
The only reason anyone pays any tax period is the same reason anyone hands over their wallet in a mugging. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 04:56:22


Markets. 
That's it. Markets unleashed. No underhanded censorship and propaganda to push a provably false agenda in order the advance special interests on the authoritarian side, no unlimited franchise not backed by skin in the game on the democratic dystopian side, simply honest actors playing their hand in accordance with reality as they see it and putting their chips where they see fit and eating the consequences and rewards of those actions.
This is going to happen anyway. All this disgusting episode won was a tarnished banner that used to mean the above, and now no longer does. [The alts have already started sky-rocketing in response to the episode] ( and bitcoin is  immobile by comparison. The idiots who fell for this play are not going to avoid the consequences of their actions. And that is as it should be.
The core special interest group was absolutely right to be terrified at the prospect that the market decides on their choices, because their choices are terrible. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 05:18:47
[A centralised groupthinking dev team that ostracised anyone who didn't toe the party line, which they were utterly unwilling to justify outside their own rarefied pretentious atmosphere] ( compromised the Bitcoin project, and led to idiots thinking it was about miners.
Mining is a moment in time. I've been mining since CPU days, I saw farms of GPUs obsoleted, scammy ASIC projects rise and fall feathered with the hopes of desperate dreamers, and finally an actually reliable broadly available ASIC vendor for crypto algorithms (and critically, not just SHA256) who can make shipments and deliver on time and actually do business at scale. Not perfect, but a damned sight better than the bitfury and butterfly labs of the world.
I'm not idiot enough to think that's the endgame. The sector is going to keep evolving. It's the nature of the beast, big actors are already taking notice like GMO and DMM in Japan. I look forward to the day when mining really *is* just a simple commodity service with margins chased to practically zero, because the one thing you and I probably agree on is that it's not the point of the exercise anymore than the point of coffee is the kettle. It's simply an efficient way of providing the product in question.
You're a fool if you think a single failing project's proof of work algorithm choice is going to change any of that. But I guess I already knew you were a fool, so.. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:37:27


I divested almost totally when I got sick of the propaganda campaign and saw that it was actually managing to gain steam. The next day the fork was abandoned. If this entire disgusting episode had not happened, after the fork I would simply have sold out the vast majority of my Core coins for Bitcoins. 
I had no plans to massively divest out of the most mature and stable cryptocurrency in the market if it actually proved resilient to the attack the core hijacking of the original roadmap represented. Why would I? Why would anyone? The people that are leaving now are leaving because we see what actually happened. No more, no less.


It shows dozens of altcoins with over 10% increases over BTC which is barely holding stable in the face of the exodus, mostly supported by fiat volume in. I read that as dumb money flowing in the front fiat channels and smart money exiting through the back door more promising altcoins because they know what just happened actually means.


I pointed out the original roadmap allowed for arbitrary incentives to whatever means were necessary for the support of the network. I pointed out that the original scaling plan involved large scale on chain scaling. I did actually go back and notice that you simply *ignored* my saying that rather than either acknowledging or disputing the point, but that doesn't make it any less true.
@_date: 2017-11-11 11:43:52
Would closing the gate instead of leaving it open for the horse to bolt the stall really have been so bad?
Well, misses the point somewhat.
@_date: 2017-11-09 01:02:02
Proof of Bitcoin core developer team consensus for the win. Is that really the point you're trying to make?
@_date: 2017-11-09 13:55:14
Dodge the actual technical argument and try for politics.
Sorry, not interested in helping some idiot dox me.
You can verify the technical details of dozens of previous arguments I've had online on the subject just from reading my comment history. The simple fact of the matter is there never was a technical justification for the situation. And they actually managed to slip it past the entire economy largely due to idiotic people like you who just buy propaganda hook line and sinker without actually understanding the facts on the ground.
You disgust me.
@_date: 2017-11-09 12:50:24
All that matters is what the core dev team decides. You could do away with mining completely and hand them master keys which sign every block with a quorum and you would have lost absolutely nothing of actual value, in fact it would be superior because it would not be burning billions of watts on the illusion of decentralisation given the fact of the absolute power held by the core dev team.  Bitcoin core is nothing but a dictatorship of the bitcoin core dev team. Nothing but another small council dictating terms to the rest of the economy.
Sounds strangely familiar. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:29:06
I think in this particular slice of time, when people of my position have finally reconciled to the fact that the present core dev team has absolute dictatorial control over bitcoin, that situation and particularly the implications it has on scaling are the most significant drivers of present market activity.
Longer term I hold no illusions this is the last hill to take.


I look forward to it. I live to learn.
@_date: 2017-11-11 06:43:10


I apologise. I get torrents of unthinking howling abuse in this forum for telling people what they don't want to hear and it all melds together and I don't notice when someone is actually just presenting their side of the argument without engaging in personal attacks. I appreciate that you didn't, and I should not have in turn.


It contains the absolute best argument that has ever been made for limiting on chain scaling, and a thorough dismembering thereof. That is the best form of the argument resolves to this "Bitcoin can't scale because the bitcoin core node software is so bad that it cannot handle any appreciable throughput increase" coupled with concrete statements about how that actually works (500gb seeks on SPV client wallet queries) and people pointing out that is a ridiculous way to do it, coupled with their refraining from even bothering to assist in fixing it because of the toxic environment the bitcoin core dev team actually is.
Or to put it bluntly, there is no legitimate argument to block on chain scaling. The fact it's an obvious conflict of interest with blockstream's business model vs the utility of bitcoin is just icing on the cake. Even if you just ignore that there's still no legitimate argument.


Yes it is real world evidence that on chain scaling throughput increases are completely practical. 
Here's what on chain scaling throughput advocates have been saying for years now "There is no problem with this tiny throughput, the current throughput is completely insane, make the change and you will see that things don't start randomly exploding. Any metric for a throughput which is most easily conceptualised in small numbers of fax machines is a completely idiotic one for the total throughput of global transactions".
Change made, no random explosions. Because there was never any reason to expect that there would be. The video I linked you to goes further into exploring the *actual* barriers to on chain scaling, and ways in which they might be addressed intelligently rather than eternally forcing the throughput to not exceed a few fax machines.


Or you and everyone who thinks like you is actually simply flatly wrong. Consider the possibility. Just putting it out there. Because from my point of view, year after year having been shouting that from the rooftops, it's not disputable at all.


See? Wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:31:44


No it's not. Just do exactly what the special interest group comprising core, theymos, blockstream et al have done over the past three years. Mission accomplished. Bitcoin is whatever they say it is because the mass of useless fuckwits can't tell their assholes from their elbows and will believe whatever complete bullshit is flung firmly in their direction uncritically. Case in point. 
It's a simple indisputable fact that they are now in absolute dictatorial control over bitcoin core, and the only thing they had to do is convince a bunch of useless fuckwits like you. Which was easily accomplished by flatly lying and repeating it over and over again.
It will be poetic justice when the fiat institutions of the world roll in and force their agenda with the exact same tactics and an even more idiotic breed of halfwit further down the bell curve taking your place and insisting on bailouts and amlkyc and infinite inflation and central banking by just another name. Though my conversation with you frankly makes me wonder if that's actually that far a barrier. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 06:53:29


*Your bloc* killed Bitcoin. We abandoned it when we finally accepted that there's no way we're ever going to manage to influence anything approaching a reasonable change.


Because your idiotic plans broke it. The core idea of proof of work securing a transaction ledger in a decentralised network is neither broken nor insecure, and thus the fall of Bitcoin and the rise of alternatives.


Mining is already decentralised by the laws of nature. Nobody gets a license from the universe to mint the most efficient hardware to perform a proof of work algorithm. At any given point in time power may swing in one way or another just as it does in any human conflict, but that has happened dozens of times already and will continue to happen forevermore because no single party will remain forever in control.
*UNLIKE* the core dev team, who are actually uniquely privileged and granted with a centralised position of power, which it is mindnumbingly obvious to attack and overthrow.
The irony is you fearmonger for ghosts that don't exist, and miss threats that are right behind you and you're loudly advocating for their exceptional privileges.


Who just so happens to produce the best mining hardware as of right now only. Not a long term systemic threat.


The entire point of cryptocurrencies and open source is that who made them doesn't matter. I don't believe CSW is Satoshi because there's no cryptographic proof provided for it, but that doesn't actually matter because the mathematics works out and can be verified by anyone who takes the time to bother.


Do you know why he's a convicted felon? Because he called the US government out on their absolutely corrupt shit-tier system and ate the consequences when they decided to come after him on bullshit charges. That is he suffered real world consequences for his principled defense of the anarchocapitalist position.  That's not a black mark, it's a badge of honour.


Which is actually exactly what the bitcoin core special interest group has done, and here you stand watching the markets prove my point and yet you still scream that it can't be.
It is. This is happening. Adjust to reality. You have been lied to and you are wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:31:50
Replay protection would make it a fork rather than an upgrade. Blocking on chain scaling for years also has no consensus, yet that's exactly what we're supposed to accept as an immutable fact of the way bitcoin operates, although it has been proven wrong in production on many other blockchains already. 
It is not an attack. It is a vote of no confidence and an attempt to compete. If you don't like it based on its merits that's totally fine, but don't contribute to the idiotic propaganda around the situation. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:34:24
Someone asks a question, I give factual answers. You don't like reality, that's your problem. Or get it over with and just ban me, I've been here for over five years and I'm disgusted with what the community has become, you'd be doing me a favour, I unsubscribed years ago and it's nothing more than morbid curiosity at the depths to which people sink here which drives me back.
@_date: 2017-11-09 12:40:24
You're clueless. You deserve this shitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:21:00


Repeating yourself doesn't make you accurate shit for brains. I claimed no such thing. I pointed out purely that the original technical scaling roadmap was illegitimately hijacked without justification and a propaganda campaign was mounted to cover for that fact, which provoked witless sacks of shit like you to dutifully charge out in defense of an agenda you never understood and never will because you have demonstrated yourself incapable of actually analysing the facts of reality as they stand without a supporting propaganda narrative handed to you by a leader. 
Lesson learned. Humans are swine, and most irredeemably so. Thank you for the education. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:47:20


Citation needed. I'd also note that if this were actually true, then there would be nothing to fear from this takeover attempt. The truth though is that both the vast majority of hash power and exchange volume is on board with it. That is why this propaganda storm in censored channels and desperation to not let the chips fall where they may. The co-opting may actually finally be overthrown.


Flatly untrue.


S2X does not seek to destroy BTC, it seeks to upgrade it, so this just emphasizes the importance of doing so properly rather than leaving it to fester in its present state from their perspective.


It seems you don't actually know the reality. You should do more research. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 10:11:19
There's some awesome irony in pointing out to someone they're incapable of seeing reality for what it is and see ghosts everywhere, only to have them accuse you of being a ghost. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 14:40:46
People that fall victim to politics and manipulation in the face of the facts on the ground disgust me. That's how we even got to cryptocurrencies to begin with. This was supposed to circumvent all that bullshit. And look at the final result; bitcoin failed and idiots cheered its death because they were propagandised and politically manipulated to ignore the actual hard technical facts of the matter in favour of the same old garden variety tribal human bullshit. You're being attacked! To arms! Forget  about the details!
And you worthless fucking lemmings fall for it every damned time. 
I hope the initial vision lives on in some other cryptocurrency, because there is no doubt it is dead in what is now known as "Bitcoin Core". 
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:01:01
That's an idiotic offer, seeing as the market price is many times below it if I were so inclined I would simply make that trade instead of the one you're suggesting. And I already have, to the extent I'm comfortable with it, which is limited by these ridiculous propaganda wars constantly obfuscating the actual facts of the issue and resulting in most people having no damned clue what is going on.
Frankly my biggest concern in such a trade is that the S2X side will throw their hands up at the bullshit storm and simply call the whole thing off despite having a simply better actual plan that finally ditches the current development model. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:26:14


Which is exactly why rather than work within that framework the actors behind segwit2x have instead opted to compete directly with it in the free market. The simple fact of the matter is that many people outside that framework flatly disagree with the decisions made within it. This is a simple, indisputable fact. 
People and organisations can be wrong. Bitcoin core is not immune to this. "Working within the system" is not the only valid mechanism for dispute resolution. You could well argue the only reason bitcoin even exists to begin with is that people didn't view working within the existing financial system acceptable given the state thereof. 


Bitcoin core co-opted the name out from under the original scaling roadmap and has bull-headedly blocked progress, an action which just so happens to directly contribute to the business model of blockstream, the CTO of whom is the author of the presently being implemented scaling roadmap, despite massive dissent amongst arguably a majority of the entire user base for many years. 
They don't just have shaky ground to stand on with that accusation, they have no ground at all. It is *exactly* what *they* actually did. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:12:36
Funny that subtle humour along the lines of the old soviet style appears to be evolving here. I wonder why that might be.
Oh well, see you at the party meeting comrade. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:23:58
It's not a three player game either, and I've had this name for longer than Ethereum has been a thing.
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:55:54
Ostensibly I come here to learn, but frankly it's so jam packed with idiocy that's really off the table and I just waste time answering stupid questions that have been answered dozens of times before or correcting flimsy propaganda that has been corrected dozens of times before.
Any way I look at it though it's no loss at all if I get banned. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:02:31
It is not an attack. 
It is a vote of no confidence in the scaling roadmap laid out by the current core dev team and an alternative. Maybe it's a bad alternative, maybe it's a good one but they'll make a bad decision in future which will result in a similar vote of no confidence in *their* future direction, but this whole "run and get your guns it's an attack" narrative is offensively stupid.
Bitcoin is not just "whatever and crew says it is". They like everybody else are capable of being wrong and making bad decisions. And what is happening is exactly what would be expected if that were the case, so clearly the people behind it actually believe it to be so. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 04:17:28
The actual figures OP tangentially refers to;
Note that Bithumb is actually only 45% of the volume, not "all". Note also that Bithumb is not some shit tier minor league exchange, but is frequently the largest total volume exchange in the world day by day. The fact is markets aren't stupid and aren't susceptible to propaganda campaigns. You can UASF and NO2X hats and run years of FUD on the topic and pretend like you've accomplished something, but sooner or later it comes to a head and the market kicks you in the balls. 
That later just became sooner. Thanks for your money suckers.
TLDR; [OP] (
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:04:42


The very fact you're unfamiliar with the following years old passage quickly demonstrates actually it is you who has this so backwards. The truth is you've been lied to, badly, and you didn't even notice because you are a fucking idiot, like everyone else who fell victim to the same attack that just crushed you. 


*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think. A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact). Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction. Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day. 
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.*
- *Satoshi Nakamoto*, **nine fucking years ago you halfwit clownshoe fuckstain.**
By comparison this entire epic multi year battle was about total bandwidth no higher than a handful of Fax machines, no justification was ever given for the stonewalling, it's transparently in the interests of the company for whom the new shit tier scaling plan that has failed miserably just happens to be authored by their fucking CTO, and they still managed to deceive a pack of people who desperately claimed they wanted nothing more than an escape from the same old bullshit.  
It's a fucking joke and serves as the final nail in the coffin for any faith I have in humanity. Even in a realm where people scream to the moon they desperately want to be free from politics and propaganda, they fall for it just as hard as everyone else and have the nerve to insist they're right in the face of overwhelming hard evidence directly to the contrary. 
You and your ilk make me sick. You are no better than cattle and deserve to be treated as such. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:18:26
No, it is exactly what a no confidence and takeover would necessarily have to do to actually *be* a direct takeover attempt, if the chain has replay protection by definition its not the same chain, that's the exact reason of course that core aren't chafing at the bit to add replay protection to their code. 
Both sides see themselves as the actual one true bitcoin. 
Only one side is petrified of allowing markets and miners to actually evaluate that claim, and is in a constant full court press propaganda assault to paint "good guys" and "bad guys" rather than an actual honest flat out complete disagreement about the correct path forward. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 05:47:34


This is incoherent. It sounds like you're saying SHA256 is to blame because somebody made ASICs for it? I know you idiots are aware that there's no such thing as an ASIC proof algorithm because I've seen one meg greg constantly lamenting the fact. All proof of work algorithms will eventually end up as an ASIC if it makes economic sense to do it that way.


[Wrong] (


[Sigh] ( Does it hurt to be this stupid or do you get used to it?


Right, the fact it started sliding when the scaling ceiling was hit, and accelerated as we old school on chain scaling advocates finally accepted that the core dev team's idiot scaling roadmap was honestly going to stick and just absolutely gave up on the project is purely a coincidence. *OR* you're an idiot.
I'm taking door number two there schmuck.


I hitched my wagon to a constellation.


Indeed we will. And if I'm wrong, I'll accept that. That is the beauty of markets.
I'm not, though, and now you're seeing that unfold.
@_date: 2017-11-10 01:37:57
It's almost like when the state has your utter capitulation to its agenda it's happy to pretend like you are in control. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 05:06:09
Done. My corecoins are now less than two percent of my holdings, hedged on the absolutely infinitesimally small possibility that the scaling plan that has never been justified and appears so idiotic is in fact correct despite that. Because I, unlike you and your idiot comrades, do not assume I am absolutely right 100% of the time always and forever.
Proceed with your evil plan.
In the meantime, thanks for the epic gains.
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:16:48


That already happened. We've discussed it in detail personally between the two of us in depth. You admitted it. I find it amusing you now pretend as if that never happened.


Wrong. The political bloc behind the core devs / blockstream ad et al now defines what bitcoin is by fiat. That is the long and short of it. They may do whatever they choose. Permanently crippling the blockchain to the throughput of a handful of fax machines is just one somewhat ridiculous outcome that they've actually implemented. There's nothing at all stopping them from implementing any other idiocy they see fit, and given the way people have clustered around this brand of idiocy within the ecosystem, there is little reason to believe they wouldn't dutifully bleat and go along with the herd on any other either.
You're right I'm contemptuous of the whole Bitcoin Core community. It has conclusively proven itself idiotic as of the present day. [The broader market largely agrees.] (
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:23:44


If you think that describes my position, or even reality, you validate my perception of you as a complete idiot, and make me feel much more comfortable opposing you. The truth is you don't actually know what I think, and you don't actually know what cryptocurrencies are or how they work.


Those dollars aren't so honest. It's all part of the great game. If they want to sit it out and deal with the current central bank fiat manipulated economy instead of provably hard finite and decentralised currencies with no single point of failure for asshat politicians to attack, far be it from me to stop them getting skinned.


Thank you for yet more evidence of the apparent truth of the fact that you don't have a clue at all who you're up against. Please, continue to imagine that I am some powerless WOW playing social reject sitting in an american basement, that I do not trade, that I do not program, that I do not run businesses. It makes you easier prey.


Idiots like you, and unscrupulous tyrants in central banking and government. You're level one. They'll be level two. Neither of you can change the mathematics though, so both of you will fail. 
Bring it on.
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:11:48
Hi random.
That might be a legitimate criticism if one were to assume I was all in on bitcoin cash. 
I'm not though. Just because I'm almost all out on btc doesn't imply that at all. Plenty more players in this field than just two. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 11:40:55
Ah yes, trust amongst fleshy automatons.
Such a critical thing in a decentralised cryptocurrency.
Fucking muppets.
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:58:28
You're right, now. Because as previously stated; Bitcoin Core is whatever Bitcoin Core dev team says it is.
That's all.
That's also *almost* valueless.
It also has no bearing on the original plan or architecture of what used to be the real Bitcoin prior to the fiat hijacking thereof.
@_date: 2017-11-10 08:30:32
That is because you are an idiot, amenable to no arguments but propaganda, and unable to actually even understand that things beyond the narratives of propaganda actually exist. 
That's really punishment enough though. I used to hate people like you, but now I just pity you. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:38:21
He said technically inept normal end users should not be involved in the process. That's simply true. In fact, technically inept normal end users involved in the process leads to one thing; NO2X UASF nonsensical propaganda campaigns based around emotion and tribalism rather than hard technical facts.
It's also a completely different statement than to say only this particular incompetent and corrupt group of engineers should be involved in the process, which is the bitcoin core position. That's more like saying only Chernobyl's engineering staff should have any input on the running of Chernobyl, and screw any other engineers outside Chernobyl that say bad things are happening and likely to get worse in Chernobyl.
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:58:13
As if cryptocurrencies were a two player game instead of dozens of players. Idiots like you may have killed bitcoin, but you won't kill the animating force behind it. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 01:35:10
Bitcoin core mining is wasting billions of watts on decentralisation theatre. 
It serves no actual purpose beyond what would be accomplished by handing the core dev team master keys and requiring either all or some arbitrary supermajority to sign each block. Years of history have proven the only thing that matters to "bitcoin core" is proof of core dev opinion. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:11:03


How does this fork increase the specific power of the signatories of the NYA relative to everyone else who just agrees and goes along with it? 
@_date: 2017-11-09 02:03:48
I'd rather it be what the entire ecosystem says it is. Including miners,  buyers, sellers, workers, investors, in accordance with the value of their participation etc. Everyone *not* just in the Bitcoin core development team or with significant influence thereupon.
Doesn't matter what we want it to be though. Matters what it is. And what it is really is; Whatever the bitcoin core dev team says it is.
I propose this should be the new Bitcoin summary description. Hell, for the proven importance it has it could replace the original white paper.
It's disgusting.
@_date: 2017-11-09 00:33:10
1. If it was all a long con to get segwit activation past the miner blockade and they were in on it, not so much.
2. If it wasn't, it demonstrates that actually bitcoin is just whatever the present core dev team insists it is. That's really it. You could fork it to have no mining at all anymore and merely require a quorum of signatures from the dev team and you've got the same actual product (better in fact because way less energy use per transaction for absolutely zero benefit)  I think that's pretty pathetic and have divested out of Bitcoin almost entirely as a result. I do not value the absolutely controlled product of a soviet of Bitcoin devs on par with an actual free market global scale decentralised uncensorable money.
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:33:46
Its sole purpose is also to acquire something better. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:37:41
That's like me writing a post about throwing eggs at a restaurant that pissed me off when a new one is opening across the street. Arguably it makes me an asshole, it doesn't say a damned thing about the new restaurant opening up across the street. 
@_date: 2017-04-24 19:57:59
Speaking of a whole lot of nothing... 
@_date: 2017-04-21 08:55:08
Oh no, they're using a fair monetary system, whatever shall we do.
@_date: 2017-04-20 02:01:30
You make the mistake of thinking that extortion is pro-social. I wager you do not make the same mistake when it is organised crime performing it, and yet, the difference is only scale.
@_date: 2017-04-25 08:10:44
Not relevant, your statement was "99% of scientists think that global warming is caused by humans". That is just flatly false. Even the most cheerleading / slanted narratives for state intervention in AGW use the figure 97% of *climate scientists* and when you look into the actual figures a bit more, things start looking even more shaky, but there is simply flat out no supporting evidence for the statement "99% of scientists think that global warming is caused by humans".
@_date: 2017-11-09 01:38:39
Indeed people can exit. The point he made still stands; the most accurate definition for what Bitcoin actually is as of the present day is "Whatever the Bitcoin core dev team says it is".
@_date: 2017-04-25 06:15:22
That's incorrect.
@_date: 2017-04-20 11:55:07
Just made it up.
@_date: 2017-04-28 03:45:27
So then, who is backing Jihan with tens of millions of dollars worth of capital? If he's self financing, from where did the money come?
@_date: 2017-04-20 04:59:13
Well, that's depressing.
@_date: 2017-04-25 09:30:24
All threads are a massive joke, we're random strangers discussing random shit with magical internet points on some stupid internet board.
One should still endeavour to be correct when they make what they intend to be statements of fact.
@_date: 2017-04-25 09:44:38


Original statement, which someone found vague enough to ask the clarifying question;


To which you responded;


Which is the point at which the entire comment became incorrect, so you are actually the original person who stated what I'm saying is incorrect. (I'm not "arguing against it", it's just factually wrong)
@_date: 2017-04-18 08:07:11
There's often talk about how we've already succeeded, or people wondering if they've missed the early days. If you look at the economic volumes involved, it does make it clear this is a long path, and it's still early days, and I say that as someone quite convinced this innovation will change the world enormously and for the better. 
There's no debating we're still early stage.
@_date: 2016-02-26 04:02:42
You're both right, Moore's law is slowing down, but that applies to computation, not storage or bandwidth, and the block scaling debate is about storage and bandwidth.
These things are chugging along just fine, therefore it makes *zero sense* to abandon the original scaling roadmap of continuous block size increases because Lightning will be done "real soon now (tm)" when we've already reached past the point where everyone agrees new scalability solutions need to be deployed *right now*.
That Blockstream are pushing this and using it as an impetus to shoehorn LN just aggravates the situation. There is simply no reason at all not to go with both solutions at once, continue with the original scaling roadmap as laid out by Satoshi, and once LN is deployed, battle tested and ready, update the deployment plan for scaling from *there*, and not prior to that point in time.
@_date: 2017-04-28 04:25:37
So basically the higher sizes required less capital for the design and investment. Small jump from an initial old school GPU mining farm to the first generation of ASICs, at which point you take massive profits from the rest of the market still on GPU farms, then you use that to finance your investment in the next generation of ASICs, and so on, and so forth, until you're level with Intel's nm and then you keep stepping up with the next generation of processors as they continue?
@_date: 2017-04-20 07:49:28
Send to 1F3sqRjz3wnyg3LZvPiDiDDQYhc8DJpTeE and we can get started right away, for sure.
@_date: 2017-04-20 01:52:08
Go to a corner and cry, it ruins his dreams.
@_date: 2017-04-26 03:08:37
I'm not ignoring it, you seem to think it makes a difference. If your statement which could be taken as a question was a question, my correction was an answer, and if it was a statement, it was a correction.
@_date: 2017-04-21 22:59:45
If some unknown cia plant created the system and mined the amount of coins "satoshi" owns, that is completely in line with the rules. Try proposing a block rollback after we get the revelation that satoshi was cia and see how far you get. If you meant there's a bug that allows satoshi to steal everything, a) there isn't, that's what open source is there for and b) stealing everything would make it all crash to zero. 
Chinese miners don't control it. Control is distributed. Chinese miners are stopping the current core development team from getting their way, but the current core dev team is stopping them from getting their way too. The likely stalemate breaker is either a compromise or a fork, and the two different perspectives continue to operate according to their preferred policy on their branch, and the pairs get a trade price like ETCETH. Not the end of the world in either case. 
@_date: 2017-04-20 07:30:27
Give me twelve hundred dollars.
Every week I'll give you 50 dollars.
Some day maybe I'll give you back twelve hundred dollars.
Sound like a good deal to you? 
@_date: 2017-04-20 08:09:50
I don't think he would, unless you're forced at gunpoint to use it.
@_date: 2017-04-20 02:02:15
[Start with this] ( Iterate and improve from there.
@_date: 2017-04-30 03:55:22
He may be being hyperbolic, but the whole censorship wars are flat out stupid, and theymos does indeed bear an extremely large share of the blame for them.
@_date: 2017-04-20 01:59:38
*"It was fucking terrible, the overseer took ill and there was nobody available to replace him, for a whole week, the slaves didn't make any progress on the pyramids at all, they mostly just sat around not knowing what to do. If it had gone on much longer, the chance of revolt would've only increased with time as they figured out what they were used to wasn't the only way things could be."*
@_date: 2017-04-25 08:11:00
Not relevant, the statement was "99% of scientists think that global warming is caused by humans". That is just flatly false. Even the most cheerleading / slanted narratives for state intervention in AGW use the figure 97% of *climate scientists* and when you look into the actual figures a bit more, things start looking even more shaky, but there is simply flat out no supporting evidence for the statement "99% of scientists think that global warming is caused by humans".
Also, I'll point out despite your snobbish "Americans are so stupid, haw haw." aside, that I am not American, even though I didn't actually say what you assumed I did.
@_date: 2012-04-07 07:37:22
What is the exact law referred to in this article established in 1864? 
@_date: 2017-04-25 23:51:18
That at least would not be subject to obvious immediate correction, idiot. 
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:44:14
The mathematical models you will be constructing should be very interesting. Best of luck with it. 
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:27:00


I think you're right, but isn't this like going to catholic seminary to convince the church that god doesn't really exist? It doesn't matter that you're right, accepting that you're right would tear down the pillars of the structure within which they're operating, so no matter what, they *will not hear it*.


So you're expecting them to rebuke you, but when the historical record proves you correct and everyone looks back, it will be clear that you were amongst the first to tell the temple that they were full of shit? Is that basically where you're going?
@_date: 2016-09-09 10:58:31
Yes. Does what it says on the tin. 
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:16:38
I applaud your chutzpah, although I must wonder, what's in it for you? You're effectively paying these people to listen to their propaganda, ignore it, tell them the truth in return, then be lambasted and ridiculed for it, and wouldn't it even be unlikely they'd give you the credentials you're going for, since you're effectively calling them charlatans in the hallowed halls of their high temple?
What's your motivation?
@_date: 2017-04-20 03:54:23
... Would anyone really be stupid enough to re-use their mtgox account details on another crypto exchange with value in it?
@_date: 2017-04-20 02:08:59
Ban mathematics.
Good luck with that.
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:52:59


You don't understand that you are, but you are. 
You are standing near a bus that is stuck in the mud and has been for three years while a small group of assholes are nearby arguing about the danger of making any attempt to free it from said mud, and have taken every measure within their power to stop anyone doing so, to the point that people have actually said fuck this and started assembling competing buses on their own rather than just fixing the original problem because of the insane and destructive extent of the toxic shit the interference brigade is pulling. 
You are whether you understand it or not assisting them in doing this. That you are unaware of it does not make your actions better, but actually worse. 


That is correct. But in the meantime they are doing enormous battle damage and it is extremely frustrating for those of us who have been here for years watching it happen and seeing them lauded as some kind of hip rebel revolutionaries by people that have no idea what the fuck they're talking about. 


With any luck at all, not for very much longer.
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:53:43
Because being a transparent shill is only bannable when you go against the party line. is just being a good new soviet man and pushing that party line for all it's worth. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 15:19:59
I don't care about politics. I care about facts.
If you're really a libertarian, you'd get that.
@_date: 2017-10-24 11:30:49
No. Bullshit, he was talking very explicitly about on chain scaling with 600+MB block sizes. [quote] (
*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think.  A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact).  Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction.  Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day.  
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 
2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.*
Here we are several years later, on the precipice of a conflict likely to destroy the present chain entirely, and the total throughput is being choked to a few fax machines. All the while sending 2 HD movies over the Internet is indeed not a big deal. But we're doing this because... No reason pending.
Another trick the core apologists like to pull is a false dichotomy between on and off chain scaling, insinuating that only one is possible. This is nonsense, both are possible. And nothing in the Segwit2x roadmap precludes off chain scaling at all.


This does not address on chain scaling throughput at all. It is fearmongering about orphan blocks, as if there were not already production chains with enormously faster blockchain throughputs than Bitcoin which don't run into this problem at all, completely negating the point.
Yet more bullshit.


This one I have not actually seen, I sincerely hope it actually contains some new information that supports the artificial on chain scaling restrictions, and am watching it now. I predict it will not. Will check back in when I'm finished.
EDIT; This is disappointing. Also choked with that central false dichotomy between on and off chain scaling, as well as using examples increasing the throughput by hundreds of orders of magnitude in order to justify keeping it artificially restricted to the present handful of Fax machines level. 
Usually he is so sensible. Very sad. All he's done is justified off chain scaling. Congratulations, I was already sold on off chain scaling.
That simply does not negate on chain scaling.
@_date: 2017-10-24 10:16:25
The very fact that you don't know these things is exactly the problem with this subreddit. And if I explained them to you, I would just get banned.
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:15:43


Which would be a great reason to hard no that particular change.
That is not the change under discussion though, so this objection has no relevance to the current question and is just more bullshit.


If this were true, it would make sense to just directly incentivise the provisioning of nodes. Other blockchains actually exist that do this. It is quite possible.
It probably isn't actually true though, because it was acknowledged in the original roadmap that long term not everyone would run a node. Core just wants people to conveniently ignore that fact. Like every other fact that they want us to ignore.
So even *if* you accept it, there's a simple fix to the situation and it isn't "Limit the throughput of the blockchain to lower than a few fax machines".


Bullshit. A node in blocksonly=1 has a throughput equal to the actual blockchain throughput. And the throughput of a node is the metric you measure when discussing the total cost of ownership *of a node*.


If we grant that everyone should run a node and there should be no incentive to do so.
There is no reason to grant that. It was not in the original assumptions of the project. Satoshi directly said as much. Core hijacked it and inserted the assumption post hoc and have never even addressed the obvious counterpoint of "So incentivise nodes".
Just more bullshit.
@_date: 2017-10-29 03:09:21


But that is only because you are wrong.


If any alternative to allowing them to do so is blocked, actually yes that's exactly what it is.


Which is just a way of negatively phrasing the above and pretending you've said something different. You haven't. Permanently preventing changes is just another option available to them as the sole arbiters and custodians of the rule and incentive set.
This is merely an option they're presently exercising. There is nothing about their presently deployed strategy that would prevent it being used in order to support any position whatsoever. They fear market sanction, they fear miner revolt, they are trying to astroturf to stop these two things from happening by any means necessary, because those are the only two actual checks on their ability to act that really actually exist.
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:24:29


It would mean exactly the opposite.
The core dev team is precisely just a few important people.
@_date: 2017-10-24 11:41:28
And the financial interests are the ones I've already gone over. It is in Blockstream's interest that on chain throughput is limited as low as possible so their products are more attractive, and so their satellite streaming service can actually provide a blockstream.
@_date: 2017-10-26 00:18:18


Note to spectators; this is another lie. The quote is in context and a link to the full discussion is included in the citation. 
This person is simply a complete idiot. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:23:11


It sounds that way because it describes an objectionable theoretical situation as if it were an actuality. For example to amplify the situation by analogy past the point of all reasonableness, if I were to talk about how I saw you with track marks in your arm coming out of a hi fi store with a tv and then breaking out into a sprint when the cops yelled for you to stop, I would have engaged in no impolite and garnished language in so describing the situation assuming that was an actual reality, it merely seems so because of the behaviour under discussion.
The behaviour I describe from Maxwell is nowhere near as bad as that, but it certainly doesn't come across as particularly trust-inspiring given all the other facts on the ground. That's unfortunate, but it's not my fault for describing the simple reality of the situation.


And nobody may make simple factually accurate observations as soon as anybody. Which is all I have done. I am not willing to engage in status signalling or dedication measuring contests with random people simply to engage in discussion of said factually accurate observations. If that discounts those factually accurate observations in your view, so be it. Return to dreamland.
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:56:38


Whether it's "everyone" or "most people" or anything other than a number not directly related to the actual amount of users on the network, which was the actual original plan, doesn't have any bearing on my argument. Which makes this point merely a deflection. From a technical architecture perspective, once the blockchain is constantly available and transactions flow with 100% uptime and some comfortable margin that is up for discussion, but totally unrelated to the amount of users on the network, further nodes are mostly useless.
You *were* trying to claim that link should exist, and here is you doing it explicitly in this response again;




And don't think I didn't notice *you* trying to twist what *I* was saying. I never claimed there should be *no* blocksize limit. My claim specifically was the enormously damaging arguments which are currently taking place are *idiotic* in light of any of the upward blocksize adjustments under discussion. The decision making process has resulted in a digital equivalent of a crazy guy with a gun holding a hostage and demanding that his ex wife doesn't get a ham sandwich for the next four weeks. It's a fucking idiotic thing to be risking such a valuable thing over.




As it should, because the number of nodes has an intrinsic diminishing return. To the extent this is a problem, it can be addressed by directly incentivising the running of nodes, rather than setting a hard limit in order to subsidise people's ability to run nodes, which is a technical aspect of the provisioning of the system, at the expense of people's ability to use the actual system, which is *why the system even exists to begin with*.


Right and "sufficiently decentralised" is an enormous weasel word which small blockers are never willing to quantify and directly address beyond blowing the scale of blocks up by multiple orders of magnitude to make the point that at that level it might theoretically be possibly easier to maybe attack nodes. Which *once again* would be addressed by incentivising the provisioning of nodes.
So what is the actual effect of this? Small blockers arguing that we can't raise the block throughput above a handful of fax machines because if it were something hundreds of times larger, we might have a theoretical problem on our hands that we have an existing solution for. This argument makes *zero sense*. It is like refusing to breathe because you may inhale some pollutants in having done so, and imagining you've justified holding your breath until you die. Completely idiotic.


And when you beat small blockers hard enough, at the end of the day they even *know this* and acknowledge that they don't even know what a reasonable limit ought to be. They don't justify keeping the throughput to lower than a handful of fax machines at all, they don't justify restricting the purpose of the system in order to subsidise the provisioning of the system, they just parrot lines they never really understood to begin with because they don't want to accept the obvious alternative, which is that they are tools who have been subverted to work in the interests of a party that they do not understand.


That has already happened. Do you see China tracking down nodes? No, they go for the exchanges and the miners at best because those are the obvious points of potential pressure. And they fail miserably, because there is enormous incentive to run exchanges and mines, and so those actors simply transact elsewhere. Which is what *could* be enacted in the event that it was necessary to incentivise the running of nodes.


It's futile to attack the system period. It was *designed to be that way*. They will figure it out eventually.


And if nodes were incentivised in response to this contingency, it would be no different to the most cost effective attack on the network being to seize control of the miners, completely ignoring the fact that the benchmark to which you refer is at least dozens of times higher than the present one.


I don't care about your agreement, because I don't care about politics. I care about facts, and the facts are those. Ignore them and continue to be used as a useful idiot if you so choose. That is your decision.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:36:59
Except it *is* actually the reality.
Note that no reasonable justification for the 1mb block size has ever actually been given at all, note that developers who have strongly disagreed with this decision have been forced out of the project in the past, note that consensus is being claimed for said decision sans justification in a heavily censored forum and backed up purely by assertion from a group of people subjected to the previously mentioned filter which forced everyone who disagreed with it out. Note that the entire genesis and sine qua non for the Segwit2x split and the abject failure to move Segwit signalling over 40% prior to the NYA is all due to the above.
All of these things are simple indisputable facts. I as much as the next person would love to hear an actual mathematical justification for the permanent blocking of on chain scaling in accordance with the roadmap laid out by Satoshi. The simple fact of it is that no justification has ever, or likely ever will be provided.
I would dearly love to be proven wrong. I don't enjoy this schism any more than any other original Bitcoin enthusiast who saw the promise years ago from the beginning. As a matter of fact, I hate it. But I can't refuse to see the simple reality on the ground just because it's uncomfortable.
@_date: 2017-10-27 16:18:18
Da comrade! That's the spirit! Politburo will be very pleased with your performance! 
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:49:49
When you nail down, eventually it reduces to the fact that his love of the state and its artefacts and control is axiomatic. Crypto fatally compromises that control, so his response is obvious, much like why religious creationists aren't too fond of evolution. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 16:05:21
Any party that accepts as reasonable that unjustified inexplicable status quo that has led to this juncture, most obviously core dev team. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:32:06


This does nothing to justify the 1mb block size decision blocking that is the genesis of this entire debacle. 


Neither does this. 


Or this. 


This comes the closest so far, and it's still only a sidelong justification that amounts to "all of these people agree about this decision, none of us are willing to justify it, but look at all the things we've done for the project, trust us.". That is still not an actual justification. 


The closest this comes to addressing the issue is claiming that any increase of  the block size runs afoul of "serious concerns about the negative impact of increased capacity on the viability of the system". Note once again that those serious concerns are not actually iterated in any significant or described way, merely referred to as if the justification was well established and communicated extensively long ago and the 1mb limit prior was totally sensible and the new limit implied by segwit is already pushing the boundaries of what is reasonable, once again without giving any kind of actual hard justification for what is reasonable, beyond "This. Because we say so."


Wow what a surprise, the actual decision at the core of this disagreement is once again not even *mentioned* let alone justified. 


And certainly actually justifying your position in any way shape or form at the base beyond simply letting it lie that it seems that you're stalling an obvious change because it's in the financial interests of the company for which you are CTO and there is absolutely zero reason not to increase the block size past the total throughput of a handful of Fax machines is indeed an unreasonable burden for you to be put upon.  
Here's something you seem to be unable to understand; absent any hard justification for an extremely controversial decision on your part that just so happens to be in your financial interests, many people will assume you made the decision purely because it is in your financial interests, and they will question all your motives in line with that information. 
No conspiratorial 500k a month anti-you marketing budget required, whether that actually exists or not, even if it does, you dug your own damned hole and it's nobody's fault but yours.
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:52:37


I think they can, have, and would continue if allowed to eternally block on chain scaling in order to privilege the financial interests of blockstream. 


Which is what the NYA signatories have effectively done.


I never said they did. I said that a few people could do whatever the fuck they want. That exactly describes the behaviour of core since hijacking the project from the original scaling roadmap laid out in the white paper.
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:50:59
He accumulates upvotes there typically when he bashes core, not bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-10-22 09:15:51
You'd change the proof of work algorithm for the blockchain to something other than SHA256. Which it is pretty likely core is going to have to do anyway, given the signalling situation for 2x ever since NYA which has persistently been 90%+ and is how segwit was activated to begin with, not the propaganda line of UASF.
This would not however "brick" the miners hardware, as many other blockchains still use SHA256 as a POW algorithm for their chains.
Aside from astroturf in heavily censored venues and people who are brainwashed by it, as well as the bitcoin core dev team and their business interests, very few people support the permanent 1mb block size. 2x will expose that fact in an undeniable way. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 12:59:01


Then the only thing to do is to roll the network back to whenever we arbitrarily decide the above standard must apply. Arguably to non-existence, because not everyone who existed at the time was in consensus that the creation of bitcoin was acceptable. 
Which is to say, if we take your argument seriously, it nullifies absolutely everything. 
So we can't take it seriously. We're stuck with markets and proof of work as our mechanism for resolving disputes over the question of what bitcoin actually is. 
Process currently in progress. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:04:42
If new management at your local gas station decided to limit its daily ration to five litres a day, without explanation, and mounted hostile PR attacks on any customers who dared to question them about it, would you silently accept the situation or do whatever it took to address it?
I diversified my portfolio. (Went to a different gas station) I support the backlash against the decision (Hope for new management). 
Their irrational bullshit is not my problem. I just see that it's clearly irrational bullshit and do whatever it takes to remove it from my path. Core have proven themselves inadequate to the task of stewardship. The backlash is simply a natural result of that situation.
@_date: 2017-10-25 01:36:26


[You are an idiot.] (
It is simply a matter of fact that this was the original scaling plan, and that plan was sidelined in favour of the present completely unjustified severe divergence. Cry, bitch and moan to the contrary all you like, but the history is accurate and the evidence is there and that's all there is to it. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 15:03:06
After a long discussion with him many months ago where he was not able to actually provide any concrete justification for political authority beyond axiomatic ones, coupled with the insistence that it must always remain that way and any change is inconceivable. You can see the rough outlines of how the conversation goes from his reference to history as if it were an absolute arbitrator of all of the possibly iterable instances of social organisation, etc. 
I don't hold it against him in particular. Practically every human being presently alive views the situation similarly and would view me as wrong for thinking differently. The very fact that's not enough to push it over the line all by itself is evidence enough I should definitely be careful on the subject, but at the end if the day it's actually pretty easy to come up with historical instances where global consensus about a particular thing turned out to be absolutely unquestionably incorrect despite the near unanimous embrace thereof and the severe sanction of divergence, so that too can't really be taken as a concrete indicator for truth. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 15:54:17


I know what it is. I am one. That simply emphasises my point even more about the poisonous nature of politics. 


Some time between when they first started inexplicably blocking the original on chain scaling roadmap many years ago, and the point at which the rest of the ecosystem got so frustrated with it the majority of them organised a hard fork to ban the current development team. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 10:36:54


With segwit we have a practical limit of 2 MB now. This is easily observabl
You're quoting a statement I made which was in reference to an article that was ventured as justification for the state of previous and present block size limits. What I said was indeed "This does nothing to justify the 1mb block size decision blocking”, which was a response to said article ventured as justification.
That article does not justify that statement at all, and 2mb is *still* an anemic figure for on chain scaling, taking total on chain throughput from just under a single Fax machine to just under two.
Everything else you said about consensus of miners vs developers vs other ecosystem actors is deflection from the core point that the article raised as justification for the block size limit in question in fact did not justify any such limit at all, and is *completely beside the point*.
Conclusion; You are full of shit.


The one where the majority of economic actors in the space acting in concert with the majority of miners are presently planning to hard fork away from the Segwit1 blockchain completely, and this time in a way where there *will* be confusion as to what is actually BTC, and in a way that is very likely to destroy the present Segwit1 chain, or at the very least force an emergency POW change.
Conclusion; You are full of shit.


was actually


Which is the natural and default assumption given the absolute absence of any justification for this ridiculous state of affairs. 
Nothing you've said has any impact on that point at all.
Conclusion; You are full of shit.


Who is Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn, where are they now and why, why was segwit at sub 40% signalling prior to the NYA, provide a single shred of actual justification for limiting the on chain throughput of the Bitcoin blockchain to the total speed of one or two fax machines.
You can't answer any of the above questions or points without proving that you are... big surprise.. Full of shit on this point too.
I'm not going to bother responding to your idiocy any further. You disgust me.
@_date: 2017-10-24 13:27:05


It doesn't have to be "evil". Merely a plan they are executing predicated on a throughput of x, justifying artificially maintaining a throughput of x. I do not think they are "evil". Merely self-interested, like everybody else.


I don't buy this, given the ease with which such a rented service from one of the extremely narrow provider cases which exist could be strangled by the US government or any actor with similar influence and leverage. In fact, that very fact makes me wonder about their alignment *with* those forces, because it's an obvious point of attack right out of the gate that I'm sure they've considered, and the only obvious response to dismiss the concern is "those guys are on our side".


It realistically means some small nation states with limited leverage and influence cannot realistically deprive their citizens of access to the blockchain, through that particular channel. But since they couldn't have done it through plenty of other harder to deny channels already, I'm really not that big of a fan of the idea at all.
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:14:45


So if a confederation of some of my associates and myself entered into a venture which had measurable potential severe negative externalities on a confederation of you and your associates, and one of the predicates of said venture was that global consensus for all involved was a prerequisite, you do not believe it would be well within the confines of that venture for you to exercise a veto on that activity, despite not directly being involved in the formation thereof? 
I think this doesn't make sense. I think this is just a fabricated contradictory mathematical justification applied post hoc because the potential wielder has exhausted all reasonable objections to action that actually exist, and therefore must resort purely to unreasonable ones (because I said so!). Bitcoin was not about shiny happy people holding hands, Bitcoin was about some coterie of scammers got predictably rekt on account of their rank incompetence, hijacked the central banking apparatus to throw their losses every which way except eating them, and some people really didn't take too kindly to that behaviour to the extent they wanted to ensure it could never happen again. 
No, you can't increase your oxygen consumption despite having grown dozens of times, and yes you'll die, and that's unfortunate for you and exactly what I want so I have no real problem with it.
Yeah, really doesn't stack up.


The reason this doesn't work is that the deployed state of the distributed ledger system at any given point in time is *not* purely a result of the code which is locally deployed on the machine in question. The state of the Blockchain prior to a block size increase, block rate increase, block reward change, proof of work change, etc etc etc, is different to a potentially vast extent. And therefore the state of that entire ledger simply doesn't actually come down to what software you the node user are running alone, nor the transactions which you produce or consume, the scripts you run, etc, nor should it. 
The simple fact of the matter is that this case was addressed in the original architecture and the resolution is already in the process of being enacted. People here are rabble rabble'ing purely because they, for whatever reason, strongly disagree with the statistically likely outcome of that resolution. Well, that's unfortunate, but the mathematics of the situation are cold and uncaring. That was, after all, the entire purpose of the project to begin with. 
Look, if people want to start a cult and simply allow arbitrary decisions of a quorum of the current bitcoin core development team to choose the properties of their distributed ledger, far be it from me to prohibit that, but the hard fact of the matter is that is simply not Bitcoin. 
They should spawn some new chain where they simply sign blocks with a quorum of their members as valid. No more messing about with fake proof of work that needs to be overridden when it doesn't do what they say it should, and their followers get to bask in their particular form of awesome glory, whatever that may be, and the market will value it based on a distributed consensus of what potential buyers and sellers believe that it ought to be worth. 
That is the way of the world. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:27:45


This is wrong. The 1mb limit was a temporary measure enacted for anti-spam only.


This is wrong. *Would* happen. Here is a direct quote discussing meeting the throughput of the visa transaction volume at the time which would take [more than 600MB blocks.] (
*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think.  A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact).  Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction.  Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day.  
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 
2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.*


Otherwise known as keeping to the original plan. For which they were forced out.


I never see any. Just deflection and obfuscation. Like the avalanche of bullshit on this particular thread which has done nothing but that.
Are you ignorant, or a liar? Because you are unquestionably wrong.
@_date: 2017-10-24 09:46:21
Saying "From the situation as it stands, x is the natural assumption and logical conclusion" is not "making accusations". It is "making observations".
I would love to be proven wrong and easily could be if some actual logical mathematical justification for the situation were given. None has been, and the status quo as it stands is simply a result of that situation.
@_date: 2017-10-24 09:47:44


You mean by pushing yourself into the core dev team and forcing out anyone that opposes your terrible agenda that you never actually justify in concrete terms at all, and just so happens to be in the financial interests of the company for which you are CTO, for example?
Yeah doing that would just be terribly impolite.
Do you people actually listen to yourselves?
I'm going to spell it out for you; Hijacking the original Bitcoin is *exactly* what the current core team have done, and ignorant people here are actually *cheerleading* them for it and censoring on their behalf to force through their agenda.
@_date: 2017-10-26 00:07:24


By virtue of the fact they are actually two different things. An unspecified limit implies at the very least the existence of some limit, while no limit implies the contrary. 
In practice in this particular situation the obvious difference is to evaluate proposed limits on the basis of how realistic and reasonable they are. Core's effectively permanent hard freeze of the limit at the level of a few Fax machines at best is insultingly ridiculous to anybody paying attention who understands the situation and the implications of the proposed limit at all, which is why they are presently being forced out. They flatly deserve it. 


If adequate incentives exist within that system to operate in the face of those attacks. Yes. Subsidising node operation cost by block size limit at the expense of the operation of the system is an indirect solution to the problem that is more ridiculous the lower the blockstream throughput in question actually is, and all discussion presently revolves around throughputs best represented analogously by a handful of Fax machines at best, making it extremely ridiculous. 


That is exactly what this would be if the other side stuck to the nya that actually bought signalling for segwit from below 40 to above 90 percent. Literally the exact reason for the actual proposal to begin with, and the core bloc already got what they wanted from the arrangement and are now pointlessly and poisonously blocking the fulfilment of their end of the deal. 
Which is why to my view, it's they who are the crazy guy holding the system hostage so their political opponents can be thwarted on an effectively harmless change. 


[Basically this] ( Incentives could be set to a level aiming to have appropriate node transaction abilities at all times. The distribution method is the exact same as the mining system, it's just incentivising provision of a different kind of resource. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:51:20
Which is why rather than just saying "my perception is reality" I then proceeded to provide justification for that statement thereafter. 
You know, justification for a position, something absent from the opposite side entirely in this entire debate which is why we're in this debacle at all? 
You want to ignore that and claim I'm making unjustified assertions that are simply matters of opinion go right ahead. But all you're doing in the process is proving you can't tell the difference.
I don't care about your feelings. I don't care about politics. I don't care about anything except the simple facts of the issue at hand. And this is what they are. That hurts your feelings, you think it's rude to lay them out, whatever. Your problem, not mine. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 23:42:53
That contained a quote from Satoshi proving you are wrong.
I guess you aren't so good at the reading. 
Explains a lot. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 12:07:41


*Restricting* the running of nodes to datacenters indeed would be a bad idea. That's not at all what a blockstream faster than a couple of fax machines actually does though. False dichotomy.


No, all it does is justify off chain scaling.
I have no problem with off chain scaling. Off chain scale away, it's a great idea. Just because I sometimes have chicken for dinner doesn't mean I will ban myself from ever eating pork for dinner again. It's simply a false dichotomy.


Then why are we playing chicken with the survival of the legacy blockchain over whether the total throughput is four or eight fax machines?
Because it is true.


Satoshi put it in as a temporary anti-spam measure only. It is now and has been for a long time actually blocking production transactions from going through, contributing to a transaction backlog, and artificially preferencing the business interests of Blockstream over all other market participants.
Those are not good reasons. They are fucking terrible reasons.
@_date: 2017-10-28 06:44:22
The point of a block size limit increase is to increase on chain transaction throughput concurrently.
If the problem boils down to propagation delay latency increases due to block size increase then you can simply reduce the block size and simultaneously increase the block rate in order to reduce propagation delay and simultaneously increase on chain throughput. Strictly speaking, that should actually have superior propagation latency characteristics.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:09:23


I am being polite. I pointed out quite directly that the links he provided which supposedly directly justified the position he claimed did no such thing, by refuting the central argument tangentially scraping against it in each case. I did not engage in attacking him personally at all, and pointed out simply that the situation for which he is solely responsible fully explains the state of the view of the majority of informed opinion on the subject outside his particular special interest group.
I have been overly polite and deferrential on the subject for over three years. We are well past that stage and it is time to simply discuss the concrete facts of the matter in plain ungarnished language, which is exactly what I did.


Which is 50% of the reason I crossposted this there. The other 50% being the likelihood of censorship. 


This is akin to saying the people in North Korea don't agree with South Korean economic policy. Totalitarian information bubbles have a tendency to do that. "Being an asshole" is exactly what they'd also likely describe in spirit as anyone who dared to contradict dear leader's unjustified assertions. 


I am no one. I do not care about personalities, politics or status signalling or any of that nonsense. I care about facts and so I have spoken about facts. That is all.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:59:28


There is no *reason* for there not to be consensus. No justification has ever been provided that the previous or current limit was appropriate, and it was always the original scaling plan to increase on chain capacity. It has simply been blocked without justification and everyone who had a problem with that block forced out of the project. That is the reality of the situation. End of story.
Segwit2x is the backlash on that situation.
@_date: 2017-10-27 00:20:09


Lie. That is a deflection of my argument that does not actually stick due to the fact it does not stop the fork. 


Lie, if this were not true segwit2x would not actually exist. Look up who is behind it and factor their share of global economic activity. 


Flat lie, I pointed out merely that the block increase which segwit represents is both inadequate *and* is part of the deal for a minor flat block size increase which is now in the process of being carried out. 


Lie. I said the segwit2x situation based on a minor insignificant change has major negative externalities to bitcoin vs insignificant negative externalities not simply allowing it. 


The single point you make that has any bearing on the truth and is still a lie. I didn't say *don't change*, I said don't significantly change. 


Lie, I directly linked to him directly contradicting the bitcoin white paper itself with a bald faced fucking lie, and the two assertions were in direct opposition and both no more than ten words. So either you didn't read it at all or you didn't understand it or you are a liar. 


Which on balance of all probability they are, as that is the only reason that actually matches all the facts. [Here is the CEO directly saying so.] (


Only if you accept the false premise that in order to trustlessly verify transactions you must be able to run a full node on a raspberry pi. That is a false premise. 


Which already exists and is the default situation when the present larger miners are removed from the system whether by attack or because people don't value their work anymore. 


The rigged bitfinex futures market with extremely low volume tells us nothing other than people don't trust it. It the market really told us what you're implying what we'd actually see is everyone quietly ignoring segwit2x and being utterly unconcerned with it because it would not succeed at all. If it were based around an idiotic change like doubling the hard limit that would be the case, but it's not and that's why it's full steam ahead on all propaganda to ensure the market does not get to honestly value the fork.


Twitter is by nature a low information content channel, enormously vulnerable to sybil attacks, and a congregation spot for the idiots who have been swayed by blockstream propaganda distributed primarily through censored, controlled narrative channels like this one.


No, I'm just not deluded enough to think that changing the on chain block throughput from a couple to a few Fax machines worth actually has any bearing at all on that property. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:33:55
No other p2p network has ever been compromised for daring to exceed the total throughput of a few Fax machines. The two metrics are completely unrelated and no core representative has ever even attempted to make a plausible link between the two. They just spin feel good bullshit about their hijacked scaling roadmap without justifying it *at all* technically. 
The 1mb block limit is utterly fucking retarded and the point of it is a simple display of absolute power by the core dev team coupled with a transparent servicing of the blockstream corporate interests by artificially restricting on chain throughput to subsidise their business model. 
That combined ignorant and dishonest power bloc absolutely needs to go and is nothing but a cancer that hijacked the original project and is skating on the reputation and goodwill that original project garnered. Plenty of devs that disagreed with their obstructionist agenda have already abandoned the project and the primary forums in which they are supported are heavily censored and controlled echo chambers. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 13:34:16


Bullshit. Sidechains and other off chain scaling technologies are more attractive the lower the artificial limit of on chain block throughput is. That is simply a fact. It doesn't even require any evil nefarious intent on the part of Blockstream. If they simply had a good reason for limiting said throughput it would be an *obvious* business move to capitalise on those limits by investing in R&amp;D that addresses them.
They don't, though.


I did and I edited my original post to address the claims he raised.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:04:43


It is in production the difference between sub 50c transaction fees absent full blocks, and post 3$ transaction fees. So even at that level, it's already fairly significant. Now throw in the fact that *on top of that* an economic majority of the ecosystem is effectively demanding a flat block size increase, or they are forking off and taking all of their value and activity with them, and not making that minor change becomes even more stupid.
Small blockers constantly fearmonger the negligible to zero costs of changing in an extremely minor way and totally sideline the major to fatal costs of *not changing* in an extremely minor way. It's more idiocy.


And how much less dense is paper as a data storage mechanism than consumer digital storage mechanisms? No contest at all. This argument makes no sense.


I disagree. Getting focused in on politics and appearances is likely to actually do that because it results in you being a useful pawn to forces that want to use emotional and otherwise underhanded tactics to sway you to their view without actually quantifying the genuine underlying mathematics of the situation in question (because as soon as that is done, their case completely evaporates).
Only by ignoring the fearmongering and focusing on that mathematics can you avoid that outcome. But even if you *don't* take that approach, it's not hard to catch core in outright lies all the time. Only hours ago I saw one meg greg [directly deny a fundamental truth of the system] ( and fabricate an alternative that is just completely divorced from reality and just left it hanging when it was clear that he's unquestionably full of shit. That is absolutely par for the course for the small block propaganda squad, so my personal preference for just focusing on the facts is not the only way you can tell their story is complete bullshit.
What I signed up for is an efficient decentralised system of hard money not subject to manipulation by hostile forces. Forcibly restricting transaction throughput to anemic levels solely because of the financial interests of a special interest group directly contradicts that, and so I want to see that meddling special interest group gone.


You mean the very thing which is directly incentivised in line with the core protocol, and which in the event that large centralised mining facilities were closed down to any significant extent would massively boost the profits of underground miners or miners outside the ability of attackers to influence? That's the answer to that requirement. It's already there, it doesn't need to be indirectly subsidised by a stupid hard limit that by the way just happens to be in the financial interests of the special interest group that is hell bent on keeping it there no matter the cost and in the face of the entire economic majority contrary to their agenda.
Occam's razor says *they* are the attackers, rather than there's some mysterious reason for the situation which they're completely unable to actually convey in any effective way whatsoever, but it's real important guys srs pls keep lining our pockets at the expense of the entire ecosystem. They are being thrown out because of that.


No it's not because as soon as they do that, all of the value in the chain that sees that as an unacceptable contingency is motivated to fork away from those miners. This is also what stops miners from being able to make *genuinely* harmful changes, like say doubling the 21 million limit. Their power is not unlimited, they can only do what the market effectively wants them to do.


Which would just increase the value of zcash / monero like absolute anonymity chains and make the attackers job impossible, rather than difficult. The simple fact is the cryptographic primitives in question deployed most effectively do not allow this kind of attack to actually prevail. *AND* a block size limit has zero effect on it to boot, so it's entirely beside the point at any rate.


Because you want to keep insisting that the appearance is one way when actually you could just as easily craft a narrative where it's the exact opposite. Far easier, in my opinion. I do not believe it is necessary to do so because in my view the mathematics of the situation tells the entire story and nothing more is necessary, but if I'm talking to a christian that keeps using god and scripture as a justification for their demands, eventually I'm just going to take the path of pointing out their religion is ridiculous and was fabricated as a method of control and the history around that etc etc etc if I bother to continue the conversation at all.


And here's a counterpoint that invalidates your hypothetical; How are core and small blockers reacting to the fact that miners are going ahead with S2X? Why don't they just UASF again away from S2X? Because S2X is *designed* to put them on their isolated minority fork just as UASF would have done to begin with. That is their threat has no compelling power whatsoever and their present massive complaining and propaganda campaign is a result of that fact. They are losing, they will lose, and they realise a UASF is not only no defense against that, but is actually exactly what their opposition is forcing them into.
And miners alone *don't* have more power over the system than the entire ecosystem including the users. A blockchain that the market doesn't want to use has no value, and if it has no value, miners are not paid for mining it. Miners aren't concerned about that contingency on S2X because from the perspective of the market it is simply obviously superior. It increases transaction capacity and has no drawbacks, and so we can logically accept it to be valued higher than the present captive-to-special-interest-group hostage blockchain.
In the meantime, how is the small block propaganda squad reacting to the chorus of "we intend to let the market decide" from the majority of exchanges across the world? With abject terror. And rightly so, because they know that it will decide *against them*.


It isn't. It's just core's propaganda brigades and censored forums on which it is being resisted, and people who have fallen victim to that propaganda. Not a single mathematically valid argument justifying the resistance has ever been provided, nor will it be, because that resistance is not based therein.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:19:24
I'm tired of this discussion, as you simply **continuously** re-state flatly inaccurate and already proven wrong things as if they were not, so this will be my last post on the thread.


There would be no fork if the simple minor positive change that pushed segwit activation over 40 percent were just actually accepted and implemented globally in line with the plan. There will be a fork purely because the political bloc behind the core software will not allow that to happen. End of story. It is down to them. 


More evidence that you don't listen at all. I never once opposed segwit specifically or off chain scaling generally. That would be a specific subgroup of some of the bitcoin cash maximalists, and not an argument I ever made in any way. 


Nonsense, that is literally the exact subject of this onerous long unproductive conversation; to make the case that should be exactly what they do. If that were done they would be doing exactly what I recommend and I would have zero cause to criticise them.


False, it is valid for both a long *and* short term perspective *for this particular change*. If at a later juncture a similar upgrade were under consideration that could actually be proven with hard data to damage decentralisation, that would be a different change, and I would be on the opposite side of the argument to my present one.


All offered under the same terms, all with very low volume. Big surprise. 


No, the low volume indicates two things, uncertainty that the fork is absolutely positively going to happen, and mistrust for the underlying asset itself. The propaganda brigade on permanent full court press on anti segwit2x indicates just how frightened core special interest group is at the very likely prospect of the hostile hard fork they've provoked.


It would be if that's what was happening, but it's not, so it isn't. 


I'm not dependent on three blowjobs a week and a 50k a month salary either, but they're both pretty nice things to have. Artificial scarcity of on chain capacity is similarly so to blockstream's business interests. Whether you acknowledge it or not, that is a conflict of interest. 


This is just fucking retarded. On the level of pointing out the validity of self reported anonymous internet polls is quite poor and being confronted with "so you're saying all self reported online polls are not censored enough! Why do you hate freedom?" 
If you're a troll, you're a shitty one. If you're not, you're an idiot. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:34:10
So as I was saying, axiomatic love of the state and inability to evaluate alternatives. Yes, thank you for the backup. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 02:21:39


No, you *think* you're adamantly against it, but you don't recognise that by advocating for a particular course of action that leads only to one possible consequence, you are actually advocating for that consequence by extension. Saying otherwise is like saying "it's not that I want to die exactly it's just that the air quality in here is terribly poor, I'm stuck here, there's no alternative but to breathe it or die, but I should stop breathing regardless because who knows what terrible consequences I will expose myself to if I go on breathing this polluted air. "
Now whether you accept it or not, realise it or not, if you don't breathe, you will die. Therefore to advocate that you stop breathing is to advocate that you die. 
Much the same way, If you nullify the mechanism for establishing rules and incentives in bitcoin, then the result is the same also. Traditional mechanisms for establishing those rules and incentives are used instead, in this case most obviously a simple quorum of the most influential bitcoin-qt developers. This is a simple and natural unavoidable consequence of your course of action. 
Now I am well aware that you think you don't want that, and my mechanism in pointing out that you're actually saying you do in my original post was not to helpfully advise you on the most efficient way to get what you're actually advocating for, because of course everyone involved agrees that thing is valueless^^[1] ,  it was to point out that your argument simply nullifies bitcoin if accepted, and therefore anyone that does not want to nullify bitcoin cannot accept it. 
From the bitcoin whitepaper;
12. Conclusion
We have proposed a system for electronic transactions without relying on trust. We started with
the usual framework of coins made from digital signatures, which provides strong control of
ownership, but is incomplete without a way to prevent double-spending. To solve this, we
proposed a peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work to record a public history of transactions
that quickly becomes computationally impractical for an attacker to change if honest nodes
control a majority of CPU power. The network is robust in its unstructured simplicity. Nodes
work all at once with little coordination. They do not need to be identified, since messages are
not routed to any particular place and only need to be delivered on a best effort basis. Nodes can
leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the proof-of-work chain as proof of what
happened while they were gone. They vote with their CPU power, expressing their acceptance of
valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on
them. **Any needed rules and incentives** can be enforced with this consensus mechanism.
Emphasis mine.
[1] *Except likely the people who that system would grant enormous wealth and power to, of course. Mindlessly trivial exercise left to the reader to figure out who that would be as well as implications on the present situation in which we find ourselves.*
@_date: 2015-04-29 07:49:40
I hope Bitcoin, or something like it. But I fear, well... someone else already described it much better than I can.
Most relevant short excerpt;
*So ten minutes before closing time on Friday afternoon, the doors of many banks burst open and numerous pairs of coolies march in singing, like the curtain-raiser on a fucking Broadway musical, slam their huge boxes of tattered currency down, and demand silver in exchange. All of the banks do this to each other. Sometimes, they'll all do it on the same Friday, particularly at times like 28 November 1941, when even a grunt like Bobby Shaftoe can understand that it's better to be holding silver than piles of old cut-up newspaper. And that is why, once the normal pedestrians and food-cart operators and furious Sikh cops have scurried out of the way, and plastered themselves up against the clubs and shops and bordellos on Kiukiang Road, Bobby Shaftoe and the other Marines on the truck still cannot even see the gunboat that is their destination, because of this horizontal forest of mighty bamboo poles. They cannot even hear the honking of their own truck horn because of the wild throbbing pentatonic cacophony of coolies singing. This ain't just your regular Friday P.M. Shanghai bank-district money-rush. This is an ultimate settling of accounts before the whole Eastern Hemisphere catches fire. The millions of promises printed on those slips of bumwad will all be kept or broken in the next ten minutes; actual pieces of silver and gold will move, or they won't. It is some kind of fiduciary Judgment Day.*
@_date: 2017-10-11 02:27:15
Where "controversial" is defined as any people that disagree with Blockstream and their groupthink network.
You realise that that group obviously views the other group as "controversial", right?
@_date: 2017-10-24 10:05:50
They forced a yet to be justified enormous divergence from the original scaling roadmap, that just so happens to be in their financial interests through, and forced out everyone who disagreed with their actions.
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:55:32
I called you wrong, which is a simple fact. I asked you to clarify if you were a liar or ignorant, so I could stop wasting my time talking to you if you're just a liar.
I guess you just solved the problem for me.
@_date: 2017-10-24 11:41:08


Has nothing to do with the blockchain throughput.


Has nothing to do with the blockchain throughput.


By definition, yes we have, seeing as Segwit has been activated for a while now. Segwit *got* activated because a group of people made an agreement that finally pushed signalling over 90%, prior to which it was below 40%. This is the other part of that agreement.
@_date: 2017-10-29 03:29:05
Exactly what is happening now. Other parties with skin in the game step up and take over, and demonstrate the value of their proposed changes. Miners then choose which of the parties they wish to mine on, and the price of the token embedded within the chain in question reflects the view of holders on the choices that they have made.
Let's imagine a parallel reality where the 2x changes were instead Dr Evil changes. The 21 million limit is removed and replaced with something to be decided upon by a quarterly meeting of the international monetary fund, and every "duly authorised" enforcement agency in the world is provided with a rollback key to block any future "unauthorised" transactions on the blockchain going forward, and all accounts are automatically "taxed" based on their income in accordance with a "progressive" and "socially friendly" schedule, with the proceeds directly remitted to the same central bankers who picked the current quarterly limit, so something like a parody of the present monetary system implemented in a phony blockchain because there's a massive loss of faith in the old version thereof and the chumps think they can just ride this fashionable new cryptocurrency trend and maintain the old status quo which is dying horribly right now.
What happens in this scenario? Anyone with half a brain knows the market would dump that fork faster than a newly minted billionaire dumps his nagging harridan shrew wife and beat up minivan, therefore which self interested miner would actually mine blocks on this chain? Obvious answer; the absolutely retarded ones. And they would be sanctioned for it by the profit of their operation trending toward zero the longer they did this absolutely idiotic thing, which would eventually drive them out of business.
So nobody mines blocks on Dr Evil chain, nobody buys it, everybody dumps theirs immediately as soon as the fork hits because, hey, free money and some people in the world are complete morons so there's got to be some sucker out there who thinks it's a good idea that does something other than vote and attend political rallies. The cost of the token trends to zero, the profits of the miners trend to zero, and for as long as idiocy prevails, those two things conspire to mutilate anyone idiotic enough to do them.
If the 2x changes were *really* so terrible, the above is exactly what we'd expect to see. Some people think it is what's going to happen, some people don't. When it actually rolls out, some people are going to be wrong and poorer, and some people are going to be right and richer, but there will be a resolution one way or another.
That is exactly as it should be.
@_date: 2017-10-25 14:01:54
I'm stuck in a corner because I just called you on your bullshit and provided direct evidence as to why you're talking out of your ass.
Please keep making a fool of yourself.
@_date: 2017-09-01 02:25:19
Nobody can clearly explain how cars are going to replace horses, the only reason they're investing in these new fangled cars right now is so when some other idiot comes along and pays more for the car they can use the money to buy a nice ranch and retire.
The purpose of money is for a massive distributed consensus on a subjective measure of value of products and services.
Hard currencies are simply *better* actual money than fiat currencies, and cryptocurrencies that are hard currencies are hard currencies that are immune to central bank manipulation, making them the best kind of hard currencies.
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:14:38
Deflections are all you have when caught red handed in a hard lie, it just illustrates that you have no argument that actually addresses the central point, so you keep spinning bullshit and desperately trying to change the subject from the central fact that the original scaling roadmap was hijacked for years and purposely strangled by hostile parties, and there are mountains of evidence proving that central fact. 
I'm through wasting my time with you any further. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 12:20:19
Well, both sides of the fork between segwit2x and the core bloc are referring to their side of said fork as the actual bitcoin, no replay protection on either side, no differentiating names. It's actually a different situation to bitcoin cash which although it was more true to the original vision, did implement replay protection, has a separate ticker and a separate name. 
In light of that its not particularly shocking that people who oppose the core bloc pick segwit2x as what they believe to actually be bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-09-11 13:54:51
Is there anything like this with a better macronutrient profile? (more like negligible carbs, high protein, middling fats?)
@_date: 2017-10-24 13:31:39


Which does not justify restricting the on chain throughput of the blockchain to a few fax machines. And I don't care how many times you repeat "evaluate the segwit blocksize increase" as a prototype case to the contrary, nothing about that situation will justify the present anemic throughput by any measure.
Nothing will justify the present anemic throughput because *no such justification is possible*. The best justifications all rely on many orders of magnitude increases in the blockchain size, whilst quietly ignoring and hoping that nobody notices that they are being used to justify blocking short term extremely minor increases to the blockchain size.
It won't fly.


By pointing out that they have nothing to do with each other? That is the exact opposite of what I am doing.




"My view" was a description of the reality of the situation recorded as signalling on the actual blockchain. You saying that "your view" is not compatible with that tells us two things 1) You are wrong and 2) what your view is not, which is reality, making whatever it actually is beside the point as a counterfactual.
@_date: 2017-10-24 11:11:35
Fuck it what do I even care if I get banned from this festering shithole.
@_date: 2017-10-25 10:55:06
Also embedded in the comment is the express admission that there is in fact presently a governance process and it is "under control", with the heavy implication that stops just short of directly saying by whom.
Funny how it turns out to be exactly one or two companies (blockstream and chain code) and an isolated attached special interest group (bitcoin core). So an even more isolated and concentrated power base than what the comment is fearmongering about, which is by far the majority of economic and mining activity acting in concert.
Funny the halfwit idiots in here totally miss that and dutifully praise dear leader for executing an aggravated version of the very situation he cautions against. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 12:49:05


votes are being severely manipulated
Many active users have no idea what's going on
Not sure what to do about this.
Or option three; they do know what's going on, and they genuinely, actually believe that you are pursuing a flatly wrong policy. Acknowledging that this possibility exists is not saying it is correct, but it seems remiss of you to not even mention it as a possibility, because as a matter of logic, it is an alternative to the ones you have highlighted.
@_date: 2017-10-26 03:10:44


Moving from one Fax machine to two is still effectively a permanent hard freeze. Hell, even four really isn't making much of a difference which is what makes this entire argument so ridiculous.


Go ahead. It really drives home the absurdity of the limits under discussion like a sledgehammer and that's clearly necessary because everyone is treating it like we're talking about tens of gigabits per second under discussion. We're not. It's a simple change, it's being blocked for political reasons only and it's transparent that this is the case.
Core is being forced out because of that, as they should be. Anything less would be a failure of the system, period.


Then *ignore the language* and just focus on the technical change, because that is  all that matters, which is of zero effective consequence aside from assaulting the egos of some delicate petals who don't want to be seen to back down in any way, shape or form, and are prepared to destroy the entire system in order to assuage their fragile egos and brute force through their personal financial interests.
I do not care about *appearances*. I do not care about fearmongering about guys in suits in backroom deals and associated imagery designed to push emotional buttons. I care about the facts, the mathematics and the logic. They are the only things that actually matter.
I personally sat across a table from Mike Belshe and had business discussions whilst both of us were wearing suits. It was enlightening, interesting, and I found him to be extremely intelligent and his motives not opposed to mine at all, and I am an anarchocapitalist who if I could pick one thing as what I wanted most in the world, would without a second thought pick the absolute death of all political authority and the centralised control which it represents.
Appearances don't matter. The mathematical fact of the matter is that the NYA signatories got segwit signalling to finally breach the 40 percent limit it had been stuck at and are directly responsible for the activation thereof, and the core political bloc is desperately trying to block the other half of that agreement with no reasonable justification at all for doing so. 


That might be an effective concern if I were advocating for the *exact* functionality of Dash masternodes in Bitcoin. But I was simply pointing out that the provisioning of completely vanilla public service nodes can be directly incentivised if there is a genuine concern that nodes may not be adequately provisioned for network service.
I do not actually believe there *is* such a genuine concern. Especially at the limits which we're speculating on, I am merely using it as an example of why this argument holds no water even at the several orders of magnitude higher limits that it might otherwise.
@_date: 2017-10-24 12:20:16


I didn't ask for a reason there's no consensus regarding Segwit2x. Segwit2x exists because of the block throughput situation.
There's no reason for *that*. And you did not provide one.


That has nothing to do with sticking to the original scaling roadmap, or the hijacking thereof to preference some other plan that just so happens to be in the financial interests of the project lead and all the members of the team who didn't toe that particular line having been forced out.


It is a fact. It is in the blockchain. It is not a matter of opinion. The facts are not compatible with your view *because you are wrong*.
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:50:44


Never accomplished anything. Signalling was stalled sub 40% until the NYA went through and pushed it over 90%.


Sorry, but the best developers alone are not enough to make the best project, and I say that *as* a developer, completely mindful of how important our contribution is, terrible strategic decisions can still severely hamstring even the best team. The 1mb block limit is a stupid decision made for solely economic reasons because it is in the interests of blockstream, and the core team is along for the ride on that agenda only. 
Everyone who has full knowledge of the parameters of the situation *outside* that special interest group does not approve of the decision, which is why the economic majority put together a compromise agreement with the majority of miners to push through both what the core team wanted (segwit) with what the miners wanted (a block size increase) both of those things being acceptable. Core took the segwit increase, lied that the cause of it had nothing to do with NYA and it was all down to UASF and are trying to force the 2x part of the agreement out. 
It's simply not going to happen though. Read the segwit2x mailing lists, Adam Back is constantly in there ranting and raving about how this needs to be stopped and the primary organisers of the project are not backing down and they have extremely good reason not to. Core has proven to be inadequate for the stewardship of the code of the majority of the network. They are now being removed. That is what is happening.
@_date: 2017-05-10 02:16:57
When I hear about people selling their houses and investing in cryptos because they can get 200% returns in a week instead of 7% per year, then I think frothy. When I hear people talking about the exsanguination of the state, it goes more in the "Now they're starting to really get it" column.
@_date: 2017-05-12 11:20:13
I'm an anarchocapitalist expat that works on cryptography software, and in the cryptocurrency industry, and would dearly like to see, and have made it my life's work to peacefully effect, the disembowelment of the state.
If they know who I am, I'm damned sure I'm on some kind of list.
The way they treated me while I was there though makes me think it's on the "mostly harmless" kind of list.
Or they just don't know.
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:32:35
Any sufficiently advanced technology...
@_date: 2017-05-30 09:53:30
Worst case scenario; The impasse remains unresolved, the value in Bitcoin slowly ebbs away into another cryptocurrency that better delivers on the original promise of the project, until it's just a cautionary tale as to what to be careful of in the design of incentives and technology on cryptocurrencies.
Best case scenario; The impasse is resolved by some mechanism and the transaction throughput starts to exponentially increase, without compromising any of the core value propositions of the project (and this is a big caveat, losing n%+ of the mining power securing the chain is possibly compromising a core value proposition of the project, losing n nodes is also possibly compromising a core value proposition of the project, depending on what your opinion of the value of those things are and what n is in each case). The large part of the most recent altcoin gold rush flows back into the primary value store for the industry as investor confidence in the state of the project grows, competitors remain mostly second tier due to the hefty network effect lead and extensive capital investments in the Bitcoin project specifically, and it becomes conventional accepted wisdom that the way Bitcoin does things is "the right way" (for example, passing up turing complete scripting languages, no heavy state preservation on chain, etc).
Frankly I really don't know what's going to happen of the above options, and neither does the market, but you can look at [this] ( to get a good idea of where people are putting their bets (and in full disclosure, I may not know, but I have my probability distributions calculated and my portfolio reflects them). It pains me that the project has devolved to a state of unproductive civil war, but at the end of the day I take comfort in the fact that no matter what, the real promise behind the project *will* be realised, because the mathematics work out and people desperately want it. That's why I got involved to begin with, that's why I've been unable to even think about doing anything else professionally, since it consumed my life over five years ago.
@_date: 2017-05-02 06:28:13
Many people don't believe that to be the case. Many people believe the state is no different to any other organised criminal enterprise. Many people have no stake in its continuance, and crave its annihilation.
@_date: 2017-05-30 08:21:55
Bitcoin is king, sure, but you don't keep the crown because you got to it first. 
@_date: 2017-05-12 23:29:28
Yep fluorescent white business traveler. Not exactly ringing any alarm bells on the physical appearance profiling sheets. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 12:47:18
Slowly buy up a significant amount of the supply, dump it fast, every price fall to support levels, dump some more, keep going until the opposition totally capitulates, then slowly buy up a significant amount before pumping it fast... and then repeating the previous process.
Very effective against impatient, novice, weak hands, which is why you often hear people talking about it being time to get out when someone clueless buys in large.
In hindsight, with patience and objectivity in check though, you see that this has been happening since the 34 USD crash many, many years ago. And as someone that was around then, the only thing I'm kicking myself for now is not buying more, and I shouldn't have been particularly fussy on the curve from 3 USD where it started to rise.
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:35:25
I think one of us is missing something here, I'm not sure if it's you or me, so help me out.
If you're in a cartel with other people, and you don't trust them already, why are you in a cartel with them? Why give them special permission to write to the ledger anyway? Of what purpose is a solution to byzantine generals when you're playing the cartel game?
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:04:44
Precious metals are not a stale, dead asset. They are very much in line with cryptocurrencies in the nature of their supply which is immune to manipulation by forces with an agenda. They are natural allies.
Peter Schiff just doesn't understand that and cryptocurrencies are something he doesn't have the faintest idea about, but sees that something he has dedicated his life to is in competition with this new asset class, so of course his bias is going to be "Why is this thing bad?".
@_date: 2017-05-12 11:19:02
Who are we kidding, they're all just gangsters.
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:19:15
Why do you think LTC is a more appealing investment than say ZEC?
@_date: 2017-05-31 23:37:50
[The core permanent storage throughput of the entire Bitcoin network is slightly below that of a single fax machine.] ( The block size is what dictates that fact (1mb blocks = roughly a fax machine in total bandwidth throughput). Imagine trying to push all the financial transactions in the world through a single fax machine. That's the scaling problem. 
Second layer transaction space is other layers above the core aforementioned fax machine, so a single transaction on the blockchain for a large amount of money between two financial institutions may well finance millions of transactions for small amounts between clients to those financial institutions, but that activity takes place entirely on a different layer of ledger, thus second layer. 
@_date: 2016-05-05 11:53:50
I'm Satoshi and so is my wife.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:52:23
He's had lieutenants on the various subsystems for a long time now, definitely since I was tracking kernel changes back in 1998 or so. That doesn't change the fact that he's always held veto power, and set the general direction of the entire project himself with input from those trusted people. It's clear he's not really a figurehead even now.
I'm quite curious as to who nullc imagines as the benevolent dictator of the bitcoin core project, I'm kind of surprised he even admitted there was a dictator at all, even with a so clearly considered benevolent one like Torvalds as a template.
@_date: 2015-10-23 09:02:14
It's like an echo. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:59:10
Since I work in the field professionally, it would be a conflict of interest to just give you a portfolio and say "that's what I think" (and also, it'd be giving away the results of a valuable mental computation for free, and wouldn't make me a very good capitalist, so...), but speaking more generally from a combination of what I view as important economic properties of the original promise, and what I know technically about scaling having worked in the field for over two decades, I can give you some general heuristics that I use when trying to figure out if a project has value or not.
Right at the base, the project needs to understand what the real core promise of Bitcoin actually was, the proposition of taking the monetary powers out of the hands of central banks and states, and putting them into the hands of the people that actually use the currencies. It should try to duplicate the properties of traditional hard currencies, and should have a very good reason if it diverges from that perspective.
Anonymity focus and R&amp;D as on coins is valuable, and follows the tested trend in the similar peer to peer file transfer space of creating software that then comes closer to the underlying mathematical ideal of a decentralised network (super simple example, Napster was an obvious and easy central point of failure for the traditional institutions to attack, but smashing it just provoked a horde of far nastier opponents which those institutions had no ability to attack).
 
Interesting ideas about the problem of miner centralisation are valuable. The mining infrastructure should be considered an attack surface and treated as such, the harder it is for an attacker to interfere with it the better.
Experiments with governance structures and the provision of direct economic incentive from the proceeds of the actual operation of the currency gives direct incentives to infrastructure operators in general rather than just miners. As I mentioned previously, I believe this entire thing is fundamentally down to mismatched incentives, where only the mining function of the running of the network is subsidised by the operation of the currency. Any project which takes steps to address that is interesting to me.
On the subject of scaling, I want to see a roadmap that isn't just "we're going to do x" where x is some small time solution that won't necessarily actually solve the problem, or where x has no actual horizon to implementation etc. I'm especially interested in anyone talking about implementing sharding in a blockchain beyond Peter Todd's discussion of it as ["very hard"] ( because in my experience, you don't get unlimited horizontal scaling without something along those lines. In my opinion, scaling should be something that is addressed along multiple facets and also should not be used as a political football, projects which most closely match that perspective are interesting to me.
On the inverse side, massive marketing for little value (all hat, no cattle), simple copycatting of a more mature real coin without meaningful modification of the underlying product (me too), monetary policy as a punchline (lol what crazy issuance scheme could I choose, I don't know, how about just random per block?), closely held private digital assets on centralised infrastructure with a controlling singular entity masquerading as an actual decentralised cryptocurrency (stick it to the system, buy my Che t-shirt), and obvious MLM scams masquerading as a cryptocurrency (cocaine, models and bottles for everyone) attempting to ride the wave of the success therein are all big flashing warning signs to stay the fuck away.
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:34:14
Which brings us to an interesting perspective, the big cup is overflowing, and all the other cups are very small, but the liquid flowing in is extremely large and fast. If you can build another big cup, now might be a pretty good time.
@_date: 2017-05-10 06:41:27
If you're talking about mortgaging their houses in expectation of 200 percent returns per week I would agree with you and go further and say it actually harms the economy to have that much value tied up in economically naive weak hands. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 00:47:23
Isn't the Linux kernel widely understood to be a benevolent dictatorship? Who would fit into the role of benevolent dictator in the Bitcoin core project presently? 
@_date: 2017-05-01 04:26:31
Don't retire, it's pretty boring.
Source; did it, got bored.
@_date: 2015-10-03 05:21:28
Would this imply you would need to have a foreign bank account only? Because as far as I can see there are no Australian banks that are actually Bitcoin friendly.
@_date: 2017-05-06 14:24:31
Somebody wrote a piece of software that stands a pretty good chance of slaying the largest cause of non natural death in the past century, and gave it away for free to anybody to use.
I don't care if he's ten times over the richest person on earth.
@_date: 2017-05-31 11:08:28
The statements he made have the mathematics about the assumptions he was making embedded in them, the math works out, that's what actually matters, who said it is just another reason it should not be dismissed out of hand.
Go ahead and do the calculations yourself, you'll find it is correct.
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:36:51
And thank you for providing more evidence of the kind of snarky nitpicking on a post specifically marked with a disclaimer right up front that admits it sacrifices perfect technical accuracy in the interests of simplicity, mixed with malicious politicking and agenda serving half truths yourself with no such disclaimer attached demonstrating further the kind of toxic bad faith and/or ignorance endemic to the human narrative structuring which I originally referred to. 
If you can't set a good example, at least be a terrible warning, and you're doing  a mighty fine job of it, so hats off to you. Please throw another tantrum and emphasize it further for any spectators that happen by, by all means, but I'll let the record speak for itself at this stage and won't be responding any further to you in that instance, or any of your other value free posts you've flung in my general direction. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:13:53


I don't want to come across as too harsh on you here, but I want to draw attention to this point that right off the bat, we're in an environment where people don't actually know the technical arguments for the on-chain scaling side, like for example, Satoshi's own statements on the subject;
*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think. A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact). Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction. Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day. 
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 
2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.*
The original scaling roadmap accepted on chain scaling as a fact of the ongoing operation of the currency and designed exactly around it. The narrative that keeps being thrown around about "This is impossible" is simply flatly incorrect.
Now, that's not to say at the same time that layer 2 scaling solutions are worthless and should not be pursued, on chain transactions have a cost innately higher than their layer 2 components, and there's no *reason* to pursue only one of those approaches. Which brings me to my next point;


This is the wrong question, it's not "is on chain scaling superior to Segwit", that's an either or comparison, and the opposing on chain scaling camp has no fundamental objection to Segwit or layer 2 solutions, merely that they want to be able to provide more block space as well and are presently being stopped from doing that. This is why you keep getting these weak political compromises that rarely work out to the effect of "Segwit+2mb", because that's an obvious path that gets both sides a little piece of what they want, but frankly really doesn't do a lot for the solution to the problem long term.
Now, in an environment like this where the information which is allowed to filter down to the discussion participants is so restricted, it's perfectly reasonable that you would think the things you do and ask the questions that you do. And that in itself is *another problem*. At any rate, I commend you for taking the opportunity to try and understand the opposite perspective.
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:13:20
Don't care, wasn't for you, go fuck yourself.
@_date: 2017-05-30 07:13:12
To sum up and maybe not 100% nail the technical details for the sake of simplicity.
Block scaling or segwit scaling are both solutions to the scaling question, one privileges providers of on chain transaction space (critically some would claim, at the expense of one of the core defensive properties of Bitcoin, decentralisation), thus providing other parties direct incentive to oppose them, one privileges providers of second layer transaction space, and discounts their costs on the rest of the chain, thus providing direct incentive for the block scaling faction to oppose them.
Segwit scaling wants its solution and is blocking on chain scaling, miners want on chain scaling and are blocking segwit activation. The incentives are clearly misaligned, and there is an impasse. Many conspiracy theories swirl around both parties in addition to that, but in my humble opinion the fundamental simple incentives are all that is required to explain the state of things as they stand.
So, BIP148 is just the most recent shorthand referral to UASF, and UASF is the segwit scaling group attempting to force their rule change through regardless of the consent of the block scaling group.
Both sides have technically accurate points in support of their position, both sides have economically accurate points in support of their position, many people will insist that side x is demonic and side y heavenly and many others will insist the inverse. I believe this is an artefact of the human proclivity to sculpt a narrative of good guys and bad guys. There aren't any good guys and bad guys, there are just guys, and their incentives, and how they respond to them. In support of this I would recommend that you read some of the comment histories of the primary participants and shot callers in the debate, you will find Adam Back for example talking explicitly about the cost tradeoff for the strategy (digital cash vs digital gold) which blockstream and core are intent on pursuing, and you will find Roger Ver and Jihan Wu talking about off chain transactions and second layer scaling as something they're not fundamentally opposed to, they simply don't want to be forced into a corner and prohibited from competing.
But, you know, I could be wrong, and all.
Meanwhile, the fundamental technical underpinnings of the project have been duplicated in many other products and spread around to a few viable competitors with genuine technical innovations built on top of those underpinnings in a sea of simple valueless copycats. The core point being (if you'll excuse the pun) that if both the warring factions don't get their shit together and make nice and continue on with actually delivering on the product which the project was created for, they're going to be left in the dust by their competitors in the long term, so the impasse becomes more urgent with each passing month.
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:18:44
If he would see opportunity instead of threat, he'd embrace the extension of hard monetary assets into the digital realm and *use* it to implement ideas like goldmoney in ways that don't rely on thousands of years old technology.
@_date: 2017-05-24 23:15:08
If you understand their [recent monetary history] ( the play looks even more interesting, especially in a broader story about Japanese strategy over the past couple of centuries since Perry. 
@_date: 2017-07-26 04:25:49
The long game is to crush political authority completely. We don't do that by hiring it, we do that by boycotting it. For the first opportunity in recorded history we now have the tools necessary to starve the enemy. 
Of *course* we should do it.
@_date: 2015-10-23 03:58:36
I read your history,  I have no further questions,  your position makes complete sense in light of your biases, and it is as wrong as it has appeared from the beginning, no more confusion remaining,  thanks. 
@_date: 2017-05-01 06:20:58
I would think the least stifling approach would be blinded participants, such that the legal system is completely castrated from having any entity to pursue or interact with in any way in order to attempt to assert their claimed authority.
That is, all smart contracts should be conducted entirely anonymously, and the conditions of all smart contacts should be subject to verification and monitoring without recourse to the traditional legal system in any way, and no footholds for that traditional system to assert itself should be provided.
@_date: 2015-10-22 17:37:09
Which is different to a traditional replicated database cluster how? Taking a traditional replicated database cluster, throwing in proof of works, partitioning transactions into blocks and calling it revolutionary simply makes no sense at all as far as I can see. The proof of work validates nothing, the point of blocks in a chain is irrelevant if all you want is a traditional replicated database cluster, it's all just "here's this thing we want to co-opt" and that's it. 
As far as I can see, it's just flat out cargo cult fintech.
@_date: 2016-05-15 07:43:40
I think that's exactly the opposite of what we should be taking from the advances in technology enabling the regulatory arbitrage that is presently taking place. There is a widely spouted truism that one cannot solve political problems with technology, but I think this is actually one of the few ways one *can* truly solve political problems. 
Just asking the tyrants nicely to stop doing whatever it is they're doing doesn't work. You need a way to fight back, and in a battlefield where actual warfare is productive for absolutely nobody and at best will be used by tyrants as justification for making the world a more terrible place, technological tools for the circumvention of political authority are one of the only things that you can actually do to resist.
When technology has fully rendered political authority impotent, then the hollow shell can slough off and die as people realise this is the new reality, and we can advance past the shackles we've been saddled with for thousands of years now of political authority altogether.
@_date: 2017-05-17 23:27:31
The only thing of value that you wrote that needs to be addressed. 


Per day is also not per ten minutes. If you do the math for the discussed figure over the year, still less than 10mbps vs the 1.3gbps this fool is imagining. 
That is all. The rest was just the kind of mindless drivel I was expecting and I will not waste my time with. But I do want to re-emphasise the core point that on chain scaling to present levels of demand is *completely technically feasible* with current levels of technology, and there is simply no debate about this without throwing in non sequitur fantasies about networks limited to Bangladeshi peasants living in shanty towns at the end of 2400bps modems running raspberry pis, readily available regular consumer level hardware and resources are entirely suitable. 
And critically, the incentive mismatch due to the scaling road map change by core needs to be addressed. The fundamental thing about this entire debate is that core arguments are absolutely not technically without merit. There *are* excellent efficiency reasons for off chain scaling like lightning, rusty is an excellent coder and I have every faith that he will do an excellent job on lightning and it will be a success in the long run, but none of this changes the core indisputable fact that the scaling roadmap drastically changes the incentives provided to actors participating in maintaining the bitcoin network, and this drastic change is not reflected in the incentives in any way, leading to idiocy like relying on node compute resources as if they were naturally occurring phenomenon rather than provisioned just like mining resources. 
This oversight is now having actual consequences to the product, and should not continue to be ignored. I'm not going to go the standard external criticism route talking about poor social skills or any of that junk because frankly that stuff doesn't matter fundamentally when we're talking about a technical issue. The economic incentives however absolutely do and they're not being properly considered. 
@_date: 2017-05-10 13:48:22
The beauty of the situation is that the more reasonable and responsible states of the world are incentivised to provide safe harbours to, and benefit from, the capital involved in the cryptocurrency revolution, which can be pumped into and compete with the state controlled corrupt currencies in places like India and Venezuela, allowing the capital offshored in responsible states to directly erode the power held and exercised for idiotic policies by the  weakest states, and so on and so forth up the line until all that remains are states that, although technically states, actually provide goods and services that people would generally willingly pay for.
When the only states left are places like Japan, Switzerland, Singapore, Hong Kong, etc, the theoretical political power inherent in those entities which is not exercised against the free market interests of capital and labour becomes largely irrelevant. "The state" may survive in this form only once the harvest is complete.
@_date: 2017-05-15 08:42:15
[Are you sure?] (
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:40:25
It's all competition. It's a different kind of competition in our era, but it's the same underlying principle. Market leaders don't keep their dominance just because they once had it. Look at Microsoft, or IBM, or any of the historical "unslayable" entities with an enormous head start that eventually succumbed to the relentless onslaught of market competitors.
@_date: 2017-05-12 10:04:04
By that logic though every mugger in the world limited my freedom to walk the streets with cash overflowing my pockets and engaging in absurd amounts of conspicuous consumption. Well, bad taste aside perhaps.
@_date: 2017-05-12 09:20:50
And better to be safe than sorry, but it still amused me.
@_date: 2017-05-10 01:53:05
[I've been here for five years.] ( The market applications of Bitcoin, the technology, all of the advancements in the sector are interesting and intellectually satisfying to keep abreast of and understand, but it's to drive a knife straight through the heart of the state that actually keeps me at the console year after year. That's the long term high payoff core reason a lot of us are here, it's not new, and it's not a sign of a bubble, a significant fraction of the old school cryptoanarchist crew rejoices at the prospect of the annihilation of the state, and in cryptocurrencies believes they have just the golem to do it.
@_date: 2017-05-11 00:55:35


That's not true.
Trade has, and arguably *is* human civilization, the state is simply a parasite atop trade. Also, the modern form of the state has only existed since the peace of westphalia, the modern form of centrally "managed" fiat currency has only existed since the rise of the federal banking system, and the complete detachment from an underlying tamperproof asset has only existed since 1971, and the complete detachment from any kind of concept of fiscal discipline in the management of the monetary supply has only existed since 2008.
This particular tower has many points which may be collapsed, and even if it goes right down to the base concept of a state from the peace of westphalia, we still have a long timeline of civilisation prior which to cite for the continuance thereof.
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:17:28


Would you say Satoshi Nakomoto was a dev and technical person in the cryptosphere? Are you aware that would falsify the statement you just made? If you weren't, what does that tell you about the scaling debate and the environment in which it takes place?
@_date: 2017-05-12 09:07:44
First time visit to the US recently, went through US customs recently with a Trezor, they didn't even look at it at all and in fact the only words which were said to me were "next time you can go through the returning foreign visitors gate and it will be faster".
Thought it was pretty funny as I'd left my encrypted laptops and storage devices in another country to avoid having to be subject to dystopian US gestapo style tactics, and felt totally let down by the lack of any validation of my paranoid fantasies.
Sort yourself out Department of Homeland Security!
@_date: 2017-05-31 23:30:48
I'm *not* arguing "against" segwit, I'm arguing *for* practical, meaningful on chain scaling *and* segwit. 
Everything else you've said, has nothing to do with the mathematical facts of the issue at hand we were just discussing, but thanks for providing another golden example of a person who can be directly confronted with the simple concrete facts of the question and simply endlessly prevaricate to avoid admitting that their position is untenable. 
@_date: 2017-07-25 07:49:18
I don't quite follow what you're saying here? You said there are no big shorts in Bitcoin right now, but there are, so how do you interpret that as the data corroborating what you're saying?
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:06:06
And that's a valuable opinion that could perhaps be phrased in less acidic language, and you should put your money where your mouth is, and I don't mean to discourage people from doing exactly that in any case. I'm not saying you're right or wrong, that's for you to decide, and live with the consequences of.
That's what all this is about.
@_date: 2017-05-12 01:01:10
The fact you react in this way seems to indicate you don't understand why this was posted.
Think about it, currency is not like equity in a business, the money itself can flow into and out of other items freely, so of course it makes perfect sense for a reliable currency to have an enormous monetary base relative to all the other unreliable currencies in the world.
If BTC never gets past the net worth of one rich guy, which is a completely different measure of value to a monetary base, it will never have come anywhere *near* its full potential. And when you start comparing the present size of BTC vs the closest listed item here (Fed balance sheet/Coins and banknotes/Gold) it makes it extremely clear just how early stage we still are.
@_date: 2017-05-17 03:44:13


That's simply wrong, because you're not considering the incentives or the facts of the situation, your analogy displays the problem, you use fossil fuels, a naturally occurring substance created over millions of years (which, incidentally, *can* actually be artificially created with an adequate source of energy, look into the research by the US navy if you're interested in that, but we're getting off topic here).
The resources used in the decentralised payment network known as Bitcoin are compute resources. The compute resources used for mining are directly incentivised by transaction fees and block rewards, the compute resources used for running full nodes *are not directly incentivised*. In the original scaling plan, this was not an issue because it was part of said plan that miners would run their own full nodes to support their mining operations, therefore sharing the incentive for both types of compute resources across both necessary classes of infrastructure for support of the network. The scaling roadmap has changed, and the incentives have not changed. The provisioning and maintenance of full nodes is being treated as if it were a natural resource, but it most certainly *is not*.


Those results are laughably small, I could pull them off with my 12tb laptop at home on a 1gbps connection with no problem whatsoever right now. I got it a few years ago and that connection costs me less than 40 USD per month, and I'm not even in the western world at all. 
But it's worse than that, because they tell a story which is actually a lie, they demand that the block size increase which is evaluated is based on scaling immediately to VISA/MC levels, which is not what is actually being proposed. So, in conclusion, even in the worst case unrealistic scenario, throwing around large numbers doesn't even negate the core point that full nodes can be run right now with incidental hardware from randomly selected enthusiast class users around the world, in the realistic scenario, it is flat out stupid to block the minor on chain scaling necessary to catch up with present demand and instead insist that the solution is just to keep raising prices until the customers stop asking us to actually do any work.
They will, and are, going elsewhere, look at the market dominance of BTC. Even if you ignore that gaping XRP sized wound and accept that the entire thing is a bullshit parade, which of course it is, the fact remains, BTC is not invincible, ignorant stewardship moving forward *can*, *will*, and *is* negating what previously seemed like an insurmountable head start.
People need to wake up and stop just accepting upstream claims because they don't understand the actual facts of the matter at hand, things are not alright, and we don't have the luxury of just pretending otherwise because we're in a protected class. The central promise of the invention which we unleashed *will* be realised, whether it is through this particular cryptocurrency or some other better performing one is up to us, it is our first mover advantage to lose.
Don't throw it away.
I am not against off chain scaling solutions, I watch the progress of the lightning network with anticipation and hope, but I *am* against purposely crippling immediate on chain scaling to the actual levels of demand which we're seeing, in order to placate the poorly thought out estimates and plans of people who really ought to know better.
@_date: 2015-10-22 17:44:41
If there's no proof of work, then how it is even a blockchain? What would you suggest I actually read? Because so far all you seem to be saying is "This is totally not just traditional replicated databases rebranded to blockchains, and it is totally revolutionary, because reasons."
@_date: 2017-05-12 07:33:42
Hello meshnets, i2p and tor golden age if any state is stupid enough to pull that *within their jurisdiction alone*. Forget about trying to get all the states in the world to agree with each other and act in concert, that's just not going to happen period.
The first state that slits its own economic throat attacking cryptocurrencies by blocking the internet will be a laughing stock, but more likely no state is actually stupid enough to do this.
Then again, I'm always amazed by the level of idiocy displayed by the holders of political authority throughout time and space, so perhaps they can surprise me in this too.
@_date: 2017-05-31 10:44:11
I actually don't think proof of stake is a good idea at all personally due to the nothing at stake problem. I originally had mentioned the names of some actual altcoins that best exemplified the values that I was referring to directly, but then thought better of it and changed the post to be more general and less specific due to the way discussion of altcoins is viewed on this subreddit, and how perilously close I am already skating to the censor bin just by not parroting the party line when it comes to this particular discussion. 
I was referring more to directly incentivising projects which are beneficial to the market cap of a coin, like some coins have a built in kickstarter-lite functionality where they propose projects which are financed from bounties allocated for that purpose from the block reward, some coins directly incentivise the provision of nodes, enabling them to do interesting stuff with their nodes that have direct economic skin in the game in terms of instant transactions, etc. 
I think your observations of both the strengths and the weaknesses of the other coin you mention there are roughly on point, it's all a trade off, you decide what you value and what you don't, and then as an investor you participate in the Keynesian beauty contest and hope for the best.
@_date: 2017-05-12 23:24:34
Not a citizen so I have no basis for comparison, basically there was a line for first time foreign visitors and that was the one I was on, guy looked at my passport and declaration card and that was it, took about thirty seconds. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 10:48:24
There's absolutely nothing to stop *any* breakaway faction from forking from a blockchain all the way down to a single individual, that's the nature of the architecture of the beast in question. You can give it a fancy name like UASF etc, but it *is* a fork, make no mistake about it. So, the answer then becomes "Sure, they could successfully fork, but the more interesting question is what would the economic repercussions of that move *be*?"
Well, that depends on how much of the value in BTC follows that chain, really. I think the Ethereum / Ethereum Classic split is a pretty decent case study as to the likely result of such an event, the two chains will be recognised as discrete, they will be liquid on exchanges, they will have trading prices, and the prices will reflect the real confidence of the market in the given respective approaches.
@_date: 2017-05-30 09:03:53
Refusing to address on chain scaling at all and redirecting all discussion thereof to "Segwit handles that" is the exact kind of thing I was referring to when I said that both sides are blocking each other and causing the entire impasse. Thank you for providing such an emotionally loaded (stupid, shady) and exaggerated claim (indiscriminately)  on behalf of the opposing party to better emphasize my original point about the proclivity of humans to always want to divide issues into "good guys and bad guys".
Here's a good test to run to see if you really understand the arguments of your opponents as well as you imagine you do. If you can't do (ideally) a better (or at least as good) job  of arguing their position than they do, you probably don't.
How well do you think you just argued their position?
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:42:39
ikr, I started out with a metaphor about a lemonade stand and realised that actually, you *need* to start at a higher level of abstraction and address certain aspects of the particular issue directly, or you're just not going to do any kind of job of explaining it adequately. 
Everyone wants the world explained to them in soundbites. It can't be. If you demand that it must be, you're just going to be left ignorant.
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:18:00
People in glass houses should not throw stones, in your case it's people in thin ice houses on a hot summer day shouldn't play with matches and gasoline.
But whatever, I know exactly the kind of person you are and realise you'll never be good for anything except an object of ridicule, so attempting to wake you up is just a waste of time and I really couldn't be bothered. Your incurable self important ignorance is all the punishment you deserve and I pity you. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 00:58:25
So imagine you're running a franchise, and your franchise is so wildly successful that all your downstream franchisees are running at full capacity with their existing cost structure. In order to expand, they need to hire more people, get better equipment, maybe open a few more branches and increase deployment density even, etc.
In what reality is it a rational response to say "No, let's just keep raising prices until the extra volume we're seeing drops off".
Because that is exactly what is happening here, and those customers are going to other restaurant chains. They won't just pay more for your burgers. Nodes are a service, mining is a service, if you rely on altruism for group A and profit seeking for group B, your incentives are misaligned. Your solution to this problem should take that into account, not just insist that things stay like they are, or the BTC market dominance will slowly but surely show erosion over time. 
This is already happening and has been for some time, and the current status quo is not acceptable.
We should all recall that the initial incentive structure *was* so aligned, because it was viewed as inevitable that miners in data centers would be the ones running nodes as well, and would need to do so in order to support their mining operations. The change to the scaling roadmap has thrown that incentive structure out of line and that has not been addressed.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:01:38
[Data disagrees with you.] (
(Although credit where it's due, the ratio definitely has shifted in that direction, so I guess it depends on your definition of "big", certainly though we've had significantly less short than this before).
@_date: 2017-05-31 14:37:14
[This makes it very clear you don't actually know what I'm referring to] ( 
I strongly encourage you, in light of your level of knowledge and your strongly held opinions, to educate yourself. 100gb per *day*, not per block, was a scaling figure for the transaction levels of *visa* at the time, so vastly more than Bitcoin is pushing then *or* now. There's no shame in being dead wrong if you learn from your mistakes.
@_date: 2015-10-22 17:19:39
Right, exactly, and what problem do private blockchains solve?
@_date: 2017-07-26 01:45:58
The state is the prime enemy.
@_date: 2015-10-22 14:11:04
Well if you get to control who has access to write to them, the "unmodifiable change control" means nothing. A blockchain simply makes no sense to use in the context of a cartel seeking to assure the outside world of their trustworthiness, that's all I'm saying. 
@_date: 2017-05-13 07:56:06
He'd never do that.
@_date: 2017-05-31 23:27:19
"There are no arguments for x"
"Here's an argument for x, not only does the math check out, it's seven years old, and it was written by the originator of the project, don't you think you might be a little blind on the facts if you were unaware of this and haven't done the maths yourself to validate it?"
"That's not an argument for x, *you* didn't write it, and also many other people these days have given arguments for !x"
Can you see the problem here? Take a step back and actually think about what's going on rather than just spouting back a canned talking point. 
Not only that, but I didn't "compare them equally", I said *both* should be likely be done, and that's not even up for serious debate by any party, segwit and lightning require eventual on chain scaling at any rate, it's just kicking the can down the road as to exactly when. And it's been kicking that can down the road a really, really long time. Enough is enough. 
As for decentralisation, I encourage you to look at the resource deployments, bandwidth and storage consumption of torrent seed boxes as a benchmark for something that is widely deployed and in active use over the net, that despite moneyed interests vigorously pursuing, they have been unable to make a dent in, regardless of the mass of the hardware involved in said practice, before you claim it's an absolute essential property of a decentralised network that the total productive on chain throughput remains no greater than a fax machine. 
Just stop, discard your biases, and try to reassemble them keeping in mind the facts you've just been exposed to. If you can honestly reassemble them after that I'm interested to hear exactly how. 
@_date: 2016-07-15 00:43:13
If working only for a currency of your choosing is tax evasion, does that mean any participation in any system at all with an attached economy is also tax evasion?
If not, why is a cryptocurrency any different? If someone completely boycotts the fiat financial system and operates purely by cryptocurrencies, why *do* they incur a tax burden? Especially if they take all other measures necessary to disentangle themselves from the states of the world?
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:13:50


Because you have no idea what you're talking about, I'm evidence that people should follow good security policy in general, alright, cool. Whatever. This is the most sensible thing you've actually said, although it has nothing to do with the subject to which you linked it, it is at least correct that you should indeed control your own private keys, congratulations for understanding one of the fundamental things about good cryptographic practices.
Unfortunately everything else you've said is effectively complete bullshit and displays your ignorance and the fact that you really ought to go back to your day job.
Since your ignorance is matched only by your attitude problem, and you're such an objectionable absolute prick, I'm tired of being polite, and will simply amuse myself highlighting your idiocy, and treating you precisely as you have behaved thus far.


An object is capable of simultaneously having multiple properties. The bitcoin network is a decentralised transaction ledger, people use it in order to make transactions, and they compensate the people that provide the resources which maintain the network. Those people provide a service, which customers consume. It clearly fits the definition of a business. I realise the concept is lost on you, having clearly done nothing but masturbate vigorously under a rock for the past few years, but perhaps you should attempt to familiarise yourself with the concept before running your mouth about something you clearly have not the faintest clue about.


Congratulations on thinking that also pointing out that other compute resources are involved in the provision of the network makes any difference to the fundamental math involved in the process. Your own back of the envelope scaling you threw out a post ago goes over the same numbers, you're just too fucking idiotic to realise that just because they sound big to you, does not mean that they actually are relative to the capacity that could be provisioned quite easily at present levels of technology.


Decentralised. You keep using that word, I do not think it means what you think it means. BitTorrent is decentralised, it is not maintained using Raspberry pis. SMTP is decentralised, same deal. There is a wide array of decentralised infrastructure provisioned for various purposes, and I assure you the words "does not run on a Raspberry pi" does not enter into the equation anywhere except the fantastic dreams of yourself and other completely fucking insane people like luke-jr.
Are you too looking to embed shit tier christian prayers in the blockchain? Or has the affliction of insanity been kinder to you?
Decentralised in terms of network design is very simple, it means [this] ( Wake the fuck up.


Because on this, like practically everything else you've said, you're fucking wrong.


Did you just fail to read the example, or are you completely fucking retarded? 100gb *PER YEAR* (correction; per day, works out to under 10mbps vs the suggested 1.3gbps of per block) was the figure cited, shit for brains. That said, even your fevered bullshit fantasy dreams would [*still be technically possible with current CONSUMER, letalone business technology levels*] ( of course you wouldn't realise that because *you do not have a fucking clue what you're talking about*. [Here's the math] ( for that fevered fantasy scenario by the way, since you're obviously too much of a goddamned rank incompetent to run it yourself.


Once again you can't fucking read, no they're not, they're 2008 numbers. And no, present demand is *nowhere goddamned near that level* you complete reprobate clownshoe.


Yeah totally, what kind of insanity is it to claim that people will make capital investments for a return in the future with a sensible business plan? In what parallel reality does insane shit like that happen? Pass the meth, Cletus.
No wait, shut the fuck up you ignorant cunt.


By your own example of 253mb blocks, vs the absolute highest being proposed for on chain scaling presently of up to 8mb blocks, that's a 1 to 31.625 ratio. 
Learn basic math you stupid fuck.


Coming from you, I really can't thank you enough for this. It's exactly what I need to know I'm damned sure I'm on the right track.
I'm done talking further with you unless you start speaking sense and drop the attitude. Since I can barely imagine the possibility someone behaving as you have would be capable of either of those things in isolation letalone together, have a nice life with your tragic handicap. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:27:22
Very few coins except BTC itself and (arguably) ETH have any direct actual users at any scale, that hasn't stopped [value from flowing into competitors.] ( And where that value flows, there is opportunity to profit.
@_date: 2015-10-22 06:36:25
That sounds an awful lot like a completely normal, been around since the sixties, private database.
@_date: 2017-07-26 11:08:59
Who is a better ally, a group pursuing a similar objective through similar means, or the force that has practically enslaved the entire world by their economic system and stands to lose everything if either of us prevail?
@_date: 2017-05-17 04:27:04


I run a cryptocurrency exchange, before I did that I was a software developer (and still am to some degree) working on massively parallel systems like search engines and such, before I was a software developer I was a systems administrator, (and also still am to some degree) managing such systems. I've been working professionally in the specific field we're discussing for twenty two years now. When it comes to competence in the areas which we're discussing, my experience is enormously more relevant than a mechanical engineer in the power industry, though if it comes up I'll definitely defer to you on questions of where the price per kw/h for energy is likely to be lowest in the coming years.
And scaling *a business* is very close to scaling *a business*, and that is what cryptocurrencies are, whether we choose to call them by their real name or not. We are providing a service for compensation to customers that want it. The analogy with the restaurant franchise was selected precisely because it adequately represents the dispersed nature of the market actors all coordinating on a centrally agreed strategy, and the obvious path going forward with the nature of the scenario in question being what it was. 
To put it bluntly, you scale the goddamned business.


[You're out of your element, Donny.] (
*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think. A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact). Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction. Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day. 
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 
2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.*
Do the math, I know they sound like big numbers, but I assure you that these are just not that large if you compare them to what we're already capable of with regards to presently available technology.
Or to put it as simply as I possibly can in layman's terms; It's several years later now, does sending 2 HD movies over the internet seem like a big deal? If a hint is still required, I'll give it in two words; "What's Netflix?"


I think if adequately incentivised, downstream franchisees sufficient to serve the market would be happy to make a return on their investment for providing such resources in the event that there was a clear market demand for them. 
And once again, we're talking about a hypothetical which is different to the one which we're actually faced with. The actual volumes we would presently scale on chain for are orders of magnitude lower than the one you keep throwing out as an example.
@_date: 2016-07-28 02:50:05
It was, unfortunately. 
@_date: 2016-07-15 04:17:44


As am I, I am *motivated* by my ethics to oppose the state, but as a tactical reality, their laws do not make sense due to the arguments I cited, and they are unable to enforce them due to the facts of reality I outlined. 
Cryptography does not bow to political authority any easier than gravity does.
@_date: 2017-07-25 07:47:44


Well, that's what the data actually says, yeah, most people hold that position.
You practically never get the sound of one hand clapping in markets, someone is always long and someone is always short, diversity of opinion and all that.
@_date: 2016-07-08 03:04:10
You need a new sockpuppet, your agenda is showing.
@_date: 2016-07-27 09:11:24


I wish people would stop saying this, it simply isn't true, and it's extremely illustrative of what actually happened. Of the *voting* hashpower, a majority agreed upon the HF, the *vast majority* of hashpower was non voting.
That is, the ethereum central bank staged a bailout based on the political machinations of a special interest group. To my mind, that is the reason that we have the situation we presently have.
It's also hugely illuminating in two separate cases.
1) The mainstream economic system.
Imagine that after the financial crisis of 2008, instead of a forcibly imposed central bank bailout pushed through by the state and financed at the expense of all other economic actors, instead the currency had been forked, one token using the previous system where the banks were actually forced to bear the burden of their poor investments, and another where a new currency is effectively minted to cover those losses at the expense of all the other buyers. If the bailout really *was* the perfectly rational economic move to make, which many have claimed, the trade value between the two tokens should have reflected that.
2) Bitcoin.
Bitcoin can be hard forked at any time, even without a majority of the hash power, by simply using the present distribution of BTC and a PoW algorithm change to prevent 51% attacks from the present miners, these hard forks can implement *any* changes that those making the hard forks want to push through, the value and uptake of these changes will be reflected in the relative value of the new currency pairs. That is, a BTCU currency with no blocksize limit could be released right now and floated in competition with the BTC currency, if there is actual value in doing so, this should be reflected in the exchange rate between BTC and BTCU.
Hard forks are less of a big deal than everyone assumed that they ought to be, they're really not much different than normal open source project software forks, merely the stakes are higher in terms of the relative values of the currencies and how they are liable to fluctuate based on the pros and cons of each proposed hard fork.
@_date: 2017-05-30 08:40:31
It's not even just a two way race. Almost every entry in the top ten by market cap is interesting, and even a few outside it are interesting (except ripple and other associated premined shitcoins imho).
The real promise behind a distributed stateless cryptocurrency invulnerable to tampering by political authority is economic free market nuclear fusion, if Bitcoin doesn't realise that promise, someone else will, because the mathematics work out and people *desperately want it*. We should not lose sight of that fact.
@_date: 2016-07-25 03:46:40
What do you mean "Agreed" followed by a direct contradiction of what OP actually said?
Business is far less complicated than technology, both are required to correctly grasp the cryptocurrency ecosystem, therefore technologists are more valuable than businesspeople, period. 
And yes, they should be running the entire show from start to finish, because they can actually understand what's going on rather than trying to translate from extremely ill fitting metaphors like the regulatory landscape in the mainstream economy and everything they've been taught and come to believe about the things in that space that do not apply here, which "business school" types in the sphere do over, and over again, storming off after red herrings like "let's build a blockchain!" without actually understanding what that means or why you'd do it just because it's a buzzword and they want to throw it around.
I can't emphasize this strongly enough, and people continue to ignore it at their peril: This ecosystem is an entirely new beast, it is an economy and currency unchained from the violence backed ones that presently dominate the world, where regulators and politics hold little if any sway, this is the real revolution and the core value proposition, this is *strategic*, solving the byzantine generals problem is *tactical*. The tactics enable the strategy, but it's the strategy that will win the war, and that strategy is nothing less than a free market immune from the violent parasitism of organised, political centralised agencies.
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:33:04
Thank you for proving my point with your staunch refusal to even consider moving from your base position of "is too" regardless of the underlying mathematical facts of the situation. I won't be continuing the discussion in light of the evidence it is a waste of time. 
If someone tells you 2+2=4 and your response is to ask for a citation, and they provide you a post from ten years ago that provides a retard level walkthrough explanation of 2+2=4, and your response is "that was ten years ago, I want another one", perhaps you should take a long hard look at how you figure out what's true.
@_date: 2017-06-21 06:34:15
Sure, I hope you can ditch your political biases and do the math and come the simple obvious correct outcome, and in doing so get richer in the process. Until then, have a nice life.
@_date: 2017-06-19 23:30:16
[No.] (
@_date: 2017-06-16 00:31:57
Putting aside the fact that the current chain *has already changed* by abandoning the original scaling roadmap for this utter failure that is the present operative plan so even just at that level you're already completely flatly wrong, that depends on the reason for the change. 
Here's an example of a shitty reason for a hard fork "We invested a large sum into a speculative venture and it collapsed due to a bug, the investors that demonstrably didn't do their due diligence want a bailout, let's give it to them, because reasons.". It is not speculative that this was a shitty decision, it is a *fact*. Look at the market cap for ethereum classic, the loss is enormously higher than the 50 million USD bailout the hard fork was in service to, at the time of this writing in fact over 33 times higher.
Here's an example of an excellent reason for a hard fork "The repository for the reference client has been hijacked by a splinter group who has deviated from the originally agreed scaling plan and continued to block progress for over three years, despite dozens of attempts at resolution, they steadfastly refuse to acknowledge the economic realities of the situation, and it is coincidentally in their interests to behave this way as the business plan a large fraction of their most influential developers is employed by *depends* upon the onchain scaling being anemically limited. The *magnitude* of this fuckup is that the onchain capacity is being limited to less than a fax machine." 
I speculate that this will be a very good decision, and that the end result will be the fork limited to the onchain throughput of a fax machine will dwindle to extremely small value, while the fork that best actually *provisions* onchain transaction throughput will eat all of the value the aforementioned chain had and much more as well.
Time will tell if I'm right.
@_date: 2017-06-14 08:57:53
He always talks like that, read his comment history, fanatic, doesn't really understand what's going on, etc.
@_date: 2017-06-01 15:27:46
Not angry, just tired. I realise I am going to have to spend my life surrounded by people that don't know any better than you because that's what the propaganda and laughable indoctrination which passes for education in the modern world is designed to create, and there's basically nothing I can do about it because there's so many of you coming off the ignorance assembly line the tiny amount of people who know any better will never make a meaningful dent in the herd. And the pure horrific comedy of the situation is that everyone around you will validate your shit and call it wisdom, so as a consensus automaton with no regard for objective reality, you're never going to actually realise you're wrong.
And so I just end up regretting ever actually having spoken to one of you to begin with. Yeah, it's tiring. I'm slowly learning though, you just can't fix fucking stupid, and it's better to just not engage with it at all.
@_date: 2017-06-15 00:38:07
No worries. Keep up the good work.
@_date: 2017-06-29 10:45:08


The first thing that springs to mind is you writing this post. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 13:49:15


No, has nothing to do with Silk Road, you said, and I quote;
*anyone in defense of "self regulation"*
No mention in there of being just "against Silk Road" or "for the Soviet Union", merely the abrogation of personal responsibility via the explicit statement that anyone defending self regulation is promoting a bleak view of society.


Just because someone once said something, doesn't make it true. Not everyone accepts utilitarianism as a goal. In fact, it's broadly criticised for exactly these kinds of situations which you can conjure dozens of [ethical dilemmas to point out the problems with.] (
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:55:35


I did, the limit is flatly stupid, many other people agree, including people that used to be members of the core dev team and labelled them toxic for not accepting that obvious fact, it is simply not in dispute by any reasonable estimation that a 1mb block limit is completely ridiculous.


I did, the explanations are ridiculous and hold absolutely no water whatsoever in light of the limit they're proposing to a phantom problem they refuse to quantify lest it expose the core flaw in their entire argument.


No we don't, there are plenty of competitors, and now it has come to the point where even the BTC market appears to be preparing to fork away from the control of the core dev team. Good riddance, couldn't happen soon enough in my opinion.


The miners are saying "I made an x capital investment in order to receive an ROI, you don't have to trust me at all, do whatever you like, I will steward the system to the best of my ability because *it is in my interests* to do so, and I don't care if you trust / don't trust me except as far as the incentive structure above remains in place". Any miner sabotaging the currency is shooting themselves in the foot with a howitzer, it's simply a stupid move for them to make. The dev team in question on the other hand is heavily bound up with an entity whose business model depends on onchain throughput remaining as limited and scarce as possible. The outcome in light of the above facts is *exactly what you'd expect to see happening in reality if incentives worked, which of course, they do*.


Which, once again, is not the point of the entire system.
@_date: 2017-06-15 09:16:44


I have done so, and I agree that the social media echo chamber is largely bullshit, I do not care about politics and optics. For example;


Is politics and optics. If Silbert and co manage to fix this farce through the NY agreement, great, that's clearly what was actually needed, because the status quo is completely unacceptable.


Since core have not come to their senses after almost three years, I don't see much in the way of available alternatives, secession seems inevitable. When I first heard Hearn throw his tantrum and pull out I thought he was being a drama queen and surely nobody could truly hold this temporary limit as some kind of unalterable rule of the space, and yet every month that went past he was proven right really had me just shaking my head in wonder, until finally over the past eight months I have been looking into the sausage factory that is present day core and getting progressively more and more angry at the state of things.
@_date: 2017-06-15 01:39:47


I've been heavily invested in Bitcoin for over six years. After extensive investigation into exactly what is going on, including extensive reading of reddit comment histories and botbot irc logs, *you* are the primary person I see as denying me my property rights by raising absurd objections to obvious onchain scaling and sabotaging the original vision of the project. I do not know whether it is because it is in the interests of Blockstream to compromise that vision, or because you honestly believe the things you say about the technical impracticalities of onchain scaling, or some combination of the two, but your continuous pretence that keeping the onchain throughput of the network lower than a fax machine is not compromising the interests of long term holders is intensely frustrating and I dearly wish you would stop with this ridiculous canard. Doing nothing is a choice in itself, pretending otherwise is disingenuous in the extreme.
And that said, when the fork inevitably happens, and the two chains go their separate ways, people can likely trade  between the two chains on a pair similar to ETCETH and go their own way with a fair value decided upon by the market, so even in the most optimistic case, your analysis does not hold up to scrutiny.
@_date: 2013-04-23 12:03:15
Credit chits here we come.
@_date: 2013-09-14 10:33:25
A market that faces possible/probable eventual failure that for now can be used purely for bid / ask orders and in the event you want exchange services you can either wait it out or send via btc to a real exchange for cashout.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:34:08
That's why you don't capacity plan years behind the forecast. It's the situation we're in rather than the one we should be however exactly because things are broken and it's now coming to a head. 
@_date: 2017-06-06 00:55:45
It's like markets are driven by the subjective theory of value, or something crazy like that.
@_date: 2013-07-02 19:13:12
When banks came up with their digital security systems, it was a time when the idea of a 4 digit numeric pin was not immediately hysterical. That they do weird stuff with other password layers is not really that surprising, bank security isn't really based around technical security, it's based around threat of force when you are found out violating their systems, like a post hoc make an example of anyone who dared test me kind of defense.
Works OK for bank robbers that go blow a few hundred grand in celebration right after a big heist, not the sharpest tools in the shed and all, but the threat model they have to deal with now has morphed to international crackers who are likely smarter than the people running the banks themselves, employ extremely sophisticated methods, and take measures to make themselves untraceable. In light of *that* threat model their security systems just seem like a joke.
@_date: 2013-06-30 18:47:56
Now that's a club I'd not want to join because they'd have me as a member, I think I'll just stick with my hopes that the other three blatant parodies were actually recognised as such.
@_date: 2017-06-16 00:35:28
I'm an anarchocapitalist, the only reason I care about cryptocurrencies at all (beyond the same intellectual curiosity I'd have for any interesting technology in a vacuum) is because I see them as an obvious means to an end, and yes, I hold all the assumptions about our opponents that come with being an anarchocapitalist, so I make no bones that they have any good intentions, or scruples, or anything at all except desperately wishing they could either control or destroy us. 
The fact is, they can't. Those are the mathematical underlying cryptographic primitives of the situation, the universe is on our side. They can hijack whatever chain they choose using whatever political means they choose, and it won't make a shred of difference because at the end of the day, the maths work out for the implementation of the fabric, and the market desperately wants the promise, and will follow it *anywhere* as a matter of survival, because it allows them to flourish absent the parasitism of the state and its coercive economic apparatus. Any success they experience will be extremely costly, and will simply result in the actors chasing the value emblematic in the original promise trading out to the chain with the new closest match to that original promise, which is of course why you see the bitcoin dominance index rapidly dwindling in the face of this clusterfuck stupid deadlock.
You do not seem to realise that the shadowy forces which you caution about could just as easily be behind your faction as the one you speculate upon. In fact, I think it more likely, as limiting the global network to less than the total throughput of a fax machine is a delightful state of affairs from their perspective.
I also think your estimate of the foresight of Satoshi is uncharitable, there's a reason the design was decentralised from the start and they maintained strict anonymity, they clearly understood what the response would be when the project gained traction and started to tear into the soft economic underbelly of the state.
@_date: 2017-06-01 15:07:37
Things aren't ironic because they negate your arguments, just quietly. I'm done talking to you, have a nice life in sheltered ignorant slavery. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 10:13:52
You just open the javascript console and then you can rot13 the embedded password database and voila, the gibson is hacked. If that fails you can always write a gui in visual basic to track an ip address. And as we all know, that *never* fails.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:30:25
You can break a man's chains but if his old master convinces him they're for his protection rather than his slavery, he'll just fix them himself.
People need to know this is not OK, if it were a trans national violent criminal cartel demanding that people submit to their regulations on commerce, we wouldn't even be having this conversation. The difference is people don't realise that's all states are.
We have to make them realise. I will be boycotting coinvalidation or any attempted similar schemes in the future for exactly this reason.
@_date: 2017-06-20 01:47:50


Right, and the cause of that was because when the rush to the hot new restaurant started, instead of scaling the business model with increased capacity, the snobbish clueless chef said "We'll just raise prices until they all go somewhere else", and they did. That's nothing to celebrate or be proud of, and these continuous conspiracy theories from the political faction backing core about how everyone is out to get them and they're doing the right thing need to die off. They're doing, and have done, the wrong thing, for a really long fucking time, and everyone has now eaten the consequences.
@_date: 2017-06-15 08:57:53
Insisting that people furnish your network with raspberry pis in order to contribute to its quality of decentralisation out of pure altruism is not superior engineering. 
The incentives are wrong, you're all getting distracted by the core fact that onchain scaling is more expensive and less efficient than offchain technologically, whilst totally missing the point that it still has advantages over offchain scaling in terms of transactional and temporal distance to the source of truth, the cost of which can be furnished with the exact kind of incentives we use to furnish hashing power, and **permanently locking** that capacity in order that altruistic raspberry pi owners can pad your decentralisation margins is not just not engineering superiority, it's actually fucking stupid and the fact it's dragged on for years is a complete farce. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 06:19:04


Wearing a toilet seat on your head because you think it makes you look cool or protect you from invisible energy vampires is in fact stupid, that is not an appeal to emotion, it is just how things actually are.
Some things *really are* just stupid.


Being right is the only thing I care about, that's absolutely correct (it should be the only thing you care about also, why bother discussing an issue that you are not interested in the truth about at all?), the fact you don't is why you can stick to a position which is clearly wrong, and why I could not, and now hold the correct one. You make real arguments to convince the counterparty in a discussion that you *are right*, being right has nothing like the inverse correlation with making real arguments that this statement implies.


I assume you meant 148, it looks like Segwit2x is going ahead and core is being disintermediated entirely as they deserve, I don't know why you think 148 forced anything at all, in all likelihood the remaining fringe fanatics will quietly fork off into the distance when the deadline hits and the majority that actually wants a scalable decentralised global payments network will proceed on without them entirely. Actually, whether 2x works or not, that is what is going to happen, it's just a question of how many potential forks there may be when the hammer falls.


Of course, because core is magic. Except it's not, software development is a valuable complex skill like any other, though unfortunately not granted the respect it deserves due to the immaturity of the profession and the market for practitioners, that doesn't change the fact that there are plenty of well compensated professionals available if people are prepared to engage them and make it worth their while, if the mining faction hasn't yet realised this simple truth, it's a matter of time until they do.


Speculation, if you really think it's a problem put together a business plan to fab ASICs yourself, or fork the codebase to a new POW based on your hypothesis of widespread miner abuse and choose the POW algorithm you think best reflects your vision of how mining should work, throwing around random conspiracy theories that you can't actually back up with any concrete evidence is doing you no favours in terms of persuasive power.


Past a certain point this might actually be a reasonable argument. That certain point is certainly not one fucking megabyte every ten minutes, therefore it's laughable it is raised as an objection when that is the discussion at hand, and when over seven years ago the creator of the project was already speculating quite favourably about 700mb block sizes at VISA scale.


I think you mean democracy, if you own something, you want to draw out the return over the lifetime of that thing, if you're limited to an eight year term, you want to quickly pay off the slimy motherfuckers who got you into office, and suck as much blood as possible from the system in the brief period while you hold power, and what do we see in practice? Exactly that, no surprise. Still, your political naivete makes sense in the context of your broader blind spot.


So if it's such a huge problem, either fix it or go to some other chain where it is not, you are standing on a platform, pointing at it and saying it's on fire and needs to be fixed, but neither doing so yourself, nor moving to another platform. In that context, your protests are impotent.
@_date: 2013-04-15 09:07:49
Exactly, which is why I go the strictly non violent route. Focusing on creating and supporting better alternatives than the things I see problems with is far superior than just trying to destroy what already exists.
[I'm this kind of anarchist] (
@_date: 2017-06-01 12:38:26
How is it a strawman? You're directly claiming that abrogation of responsibility to third party compulsory infrastructure is superior to personal responsibility without said third party compulsory infrastructure.
I realise you obviously don't like an accurate label on the position you advocate for, because calling this spade a spade makes it look like a spade, and all, but... it's a spade.
@_date: 2013-07-02 19:17:43
When a burglar cases your house, are you impressed he thinks it might be worth robbing?
@_date: 2017-06-21 05:05:27


Citation needed. Satoshi's quote above allows for double broadcast of each transaction and factors that into the bandwidth estimation for throughput of the VISA network.


[Doesn't matter what you actually get, the throughput of the network is n] (
That a decentralised network is vulnerable to attack and destruction if it exceeds the output of a fax machine is a fucking stupid position to hold in light of the examples of other similarly decentralised networks like bittorrent and tor with *immensely* higher throughputs, and core should be ashamed of themselves for holding it in earnest for years on end in the face of immense objections.
@_date: 2017-06-20 00:29:34
Scaling is still not a solved problem in BTC, we are now in a situation where there are three potential contentious forks all in competition in the very near future, all backed by fanatical, emotionally driven political factions, and no clear solution until well into August. In the meantime, if you just want quality onchain transactions to move value between entities, Bitcoin has been a terrible competitor for quite some time. 
Here's hoping that changes and all, but it's extremely difficult to make the case that Bitcoin has not squandered a massive lead and opportunity due to prolonged multi-year idiocy, though perhaps in good faith and well intentioned, on the part of core.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:52:47
The thing is, paper gold need not actually exist, you can easily verify that someone actually does control an amount of bitcoins to which they lay claim, and they can't play delivery shell games putting it off for ages when they ask for their gold back as various nations have recently done and been met with refusals.
You could make a "paper bitcoin" market along the same lines as the "paper gold" market, but it would be transparent what is happening, rather than opaque.
@_date: 2013-12-14 10:57:35
[ouch] ( 
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:51:12
A specific instance of code is an implementation of an idea. It is not the idea itself.
The idea is what had value, and the idea has been subverted by core. That is a simple fact. I don't know if they'll wake up and realise how badly they have fucked up, or they will be completely demolished by the altcoin tide, but mark my words, one of those things is going to happen, exactly *because* the idea is so valuable.
They *are* wrong, sacrificing billions in value and paying millions per day in extra fees to forcibly restrict the throughput of the network to lower than a fax machine *is actually really as stupid as it sounds* and constructing a personality cult around the supposedly unassailable technical competence of core is just propagating cargo cult thinking. They're mortals, they make mistakes, they can be wrong, and they very clearly are in this instance. Critically, it is actually in their interests that they don't realise they're wrong in this case, which brings us back to that old Upton Sinclair quote; "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it"
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:11:05
Awesome! My first btc tip! Thanks :)
@_date: 2016-07-15 03:56:12


Well, I don't, and in a general argument justifying the reasonableness of taxation of digital currencies, as well as the enforceability thereof, a specific jurisdiction is not useful, but let's stick with this for the sake of argument.


Then why am I not similarly liable when I trade my labour by participating in a community that provides digital currencies in exchange for that labour, even granting that those digital currencies do actually have a "fair market value"?
Case in point A) Labourer works in a software development job for a distributed autonomous organisation, he is compensated purely in bitcoin.
Case in point B) Labourer works for a content creation job for a distributed autonomous organisation embedded within a monolithic virtual world, he is compensated entirely in linden dollars.
According to various state apologist legalists, A) would be tax liable, whilst B) would not. But the situation is actually not at all different. And we can ramp up the absurdity by instead providing case C) where the labourer is simply playing a boring old standard mmorpg, and gathering sheep fleece for a virtual entity and being compensated virtual items and currency in return (which still have a "fair market value" as per the terms of the law in question).
Clearly, this can't actually make any sense. But ignoring the ridiculousness of the legal aspects of this scenario, we get to the real meat of the actual argument;


That is, because I'll murder you if you don't (which has always been the root justification given for the adoption of political authority, and always will be for as long as anyone hoists that tired, blood soaked banner). Such a ruling in *any* of these cases is simply flatly unenforceable by any authority that would attempt to make such a ridiculous ruling to begin with, this is the nature of a digital economy, especially a distributed anonymous one. You cannot tax that which you cannot lay hands on or observe. 
The state may as well attempt to outlaw being affected by gravity on penalty of death, their morally bankrupt nature and willingness to threaten you with death, and when it comes down to it, to kill you because you're not adhering to their impossible demands does not negate gravity. And neither does it negate the mathematical realities that dictate how cryptography works.


Speaking for myself, and to remove any chance of any kind of interpretation where these murderous fiends hold any kind of bond over me, that's exactly what I've done, I travel the world permanently as a digital nomad, and am not even theoretically tax liable to any state under any circumstances. It certainly is quite the unorthodox lifestyle, but speaking for myself, I'd rather adopt it than be party to or responsible in any way for the abject world destroying horror that is political authority.
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:12:23
[Not so much] ( It's not just Bitcoin anymore. Whether it wins or loses and ends up playing the role of the sword in the scenario in question, something is going to be that sword because of the properties that have been made available due to the existence of Bitcoin. I hope it is Bitcoin, I hope the project manages to overcome its difficulties, I hope this civil war is short and sharp and we continue on quickly to greater heights, but that's not guaranteed, and if Bitcoin fails, something else will just do exactly what it would've done anyway, that is the sound of inevitability.
@_date: 2013-04-08 15:54:08
Two layers of encryption, also, you can hide the wallet within a hidden volume to have the ability to deny you have it even under duress, you won't get that with just an encrypted wallet.
@_date: 2017-06-09 03:09:52
I am so, so tired of this nonsense.
**Let's make this extremely simple.**
Is there a reason to restrict offchain scaling?
No, do segwit.
Is there a reason to restrict onchain scaling?
Everything has costs, this has costs too, Nick Szabo is dead right when he says that these decisions should not be left to a howling mob, therefore, the costs absolutely should be intelligently considered and **weighed against the costs of not doing it.**
We're already experiencing the costs of not doing it, both in terms of ridiculous on chain fees *and blocking* the above mind numbingly obvious off chain scaling solution that basically has no drawbacks. The costs could be quantified with a metric, I'd suggest the infrastructure costs of other subversive digital networks the state would dearly like to see crushed as a reasonable basis for comparison, but I'm open to alternative suggestions. That would give us [Tor] ( on the low impact side, vs [Bittorrent] ( on the high impact side, let's be super conservative in both cases and pick the lowest reasonable estimates for both cases, so 0.9 gbps advertised exit only bandwidth in the tor case, and [5374] ( petabytes a month on the bittorrent side which works out to about 16.6 tbps.
If the delta between the cost increase of an on chain scaling move relative to this benchmark is less than the cost of not doing it, it should be done. Where does the on chain throughput of the Bitcoin network fit in the above puzzle?
The current on chain throughput of the bitcoin network is [13.33 kbps] ( or to give this figure the true credence it deserves, 0.95 x a single facsimile speed.
We are paying all the costs of delaying off chain scaling pending a contentious hard fork, which cost the closest competitor we have 6.5% of their market cap presently (eth classic vs eth), which works out to approximately 3 billion USD factored for ours.
We are paying the costs of a rivalrous fee structure restricting the entire network throughput to the above figures resulting in transaction fees of 1.5 million USD per day.
It is hard to quantify exactly how much of the [current dominance] ( in the cryptocurrency market space in general has been lost purely because of this slow motion train wreck scaling debacle, but that figure is also a loss of up to 56.3 billion USD. And we are paying these costs in order to maintain a decentralisation metric [67,500 times lower] ( than the nearest similar network estimated as conservatively as possible. 
We are paying billions in value, and millions per day, to keep the network limited to **less than** the total throughput of a fax machine, in a world where we have similar projects working just fine with a throughput 67,500 times higher than that. Take a minute and let that sink in, really let it breathe. And if you've been mindlessly partisan on one side of the debate contributing to this state of affairs, [take a big step back and literally **FUCK YOUR OWN FACE**.] ( Cryptocurrencies were *created* to free us from politics, the irony of this situation being directly attributable to political wrangling is infuriating for those of us who really meant to kill the beast right from the beginning. If the state as an entity had the intelligence to really understand the situation and a sense of humour, they'd be laughing their asses off at us and dead right to do so.
Therefore, the obvious conclusion is that both on chain scaling keeping in mind the above metrics, and off chain scaling in general, should be done immediately.
@_date: 2013-11-15 06:43:24


You are wrong, it is resilient by design to such methods. If they could pull it off just as easily they would have already done so with peer to peer file sharing techniques using the same base. That is, your "illegal downloading" was never stopped.


The US does not control the world, the US does not control Tor sites, and the US does not control localbitcoins or any other local exchanges, they can shout and wave their fists and create whatever schemes they want, they are unenforcable.


And governments largely won't adopt it either, that doesn't mean there won't be a strong and valuable economy based on it, and if the fiat money systems of the world collapse, they'll have to resort to something similar at any rate.
What your analysis also doesn't take into account is that the US may well be sabotaging their own interests to hinder bitcoin. To the extent they do and other nations don't, they will be outcompeted by those other nations. To the extent that the fiat money systems of the world suffer, even if they could successfully suppress bitcoin, they're just shooting themselves in the foot by doing so.
Their most canny move is to simply let it run with the "voluntary" smokescreen on regulation they've already put up on coinvalidation. It compels the obedient US serfs to handcuff themselves back to the state like the cattle they are, and they already have queues for this despite those expressing disbelief at the entire debacle. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 13:25:14
Not much of a percentage, but I didn't need to.
@_date: 2013-07-03 09:19:44
Like we never heard the gory details about a great many things, and then all of a sudden we did.  Just because we don't know about single incidences doesn't mean we don't have a decent handle on the actual scope of the issue. Have a look at how much is lost to fraud every year. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:35:16
Wouldn't doing this increase the market cap, therefore making it harder to do? At what market cap does such an attack become impossible or at least extremely hard?
@_date: 2017-06-15 09:11:41
Segwit is locking onchain scaling at the expense of one special interest group to the advantage of another (witness script discount, another artefact of the core fact that incentives are simply being ignored and onchain scaling treated as if it were an unchangeable natural resource rather than a compute resource which the provision of can be incentivised just like hashing resources, ad et al, as evidence of this note that said discount was first up for the axe when the NY agreement was inked). 
The fact that it is *also* onchain scaling, increasing the amazing throughput of the network from less than one fax machine to almost two does not change that essential fact, and the reason miners are opposing the upgrade is *fucking obviously* because of the incentive structure implicit with it coupled with the locking of real onchain scaling to this pathetic dribble.
The fact that this is not getting through to core small blockers after all this fucking time has me completely amazed. At least the actual Blockstream brigade have a rational reason for their behaviour to ignore the above facts as it's in their self interest to do it given their business plan, but that they have a little cheer squad following them around and pretending technical haughtyness all the while missing the blazingly obvious truth of the situation is truly weird.
@_date: 2017-06-20 09:51:08
If that actually worked, they should have fired the miners, which would have been possible all along with a proof of work change, but that wasn't what was actually done. Figuring out why left as an exercise to the readers.


So fork it and change the POW, if you're right the market should reward you.
@_date: 2013-06-30 09:07:48
Because roads, also magical free doctors, also why are you so selfish?
@_date: 2017-06-21 13:33:17


And I wouldn't hire someone who doesn't think things through and bases their positions around politics and emotion, so, hey, that works out for both of us.


That's not an actual citation, it's a sidelong reference, where, I want to see the backing mathematics, as far as I can tell double broadcast is the expected behaviour and what Satoshi actually calculated and I provided a concrete direct reference to as well as backing up the mathematics on it, you're 4xing that without explanation, either cite it properly, or admit you have no idea what you're talking about and shut the fuck up.


Which once again has nothing to do with the *total network throughput* no matter how hard you refuse to grasp the concept.


You simply have zero clue what is actually going on and I'm tired of talking to you, unless you have concrete facts and the mathematics to back it up to add to this discussion I'm done.
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:17:22
Actually it's a confederation of individuals who choose or not to participate in the ecosystem according to their own personal utility functions. And all the way down to the single individual, they're able to secede if they disapprove of the decisions of everyone else, cash out and go join some other confederation.
There's no forcing people to play the game, you have to actually make it attractive to them. That includes miners, merchants, savers, spenders, transmitters, node operators, and software developers. Every single individual has their place and adds value to the sum of the whole.
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:08:41
It's *exactly* this kind of thing that makes me loathe to engage with this brigade at all (beyond the 85% chance this entire thread starting from me calling a spade a spade is likely to end up censored), you try to equate everything into some mob vs ivory tower political dick waving contest, when actually it's just simple math, but in the interests of answering your questions rather than dodging them, and because enough is enough on this entire debacle as far as my remaining silent goes, here are the answers in order.
I ran and assisted in writing a distributed search engine once that indexed hundreds of millions of pages per day across a large swarm of machines. I have been a systems administrator, as well as a software developer, for a very long time now. I can and have done the maths myself, but since they were done a long time ago by the originator of the system in question when he laid out his vision for it **before it was fucking hijacked**, it's entirely beside the point.
I'm really not interested in dick measuring contests beyond calling the bluff of the "oh it's terribly technically complex and you wouldn't understand" brigade. Bullshit, it's quantifiable, onchain transactions have a cost, the "let's stay at below the level of a fax machine" forever brigade refuses to quantify and incentivise provision of that cost, instead preferring to rely on the altruistic running of non mining nodes coupled with the directly incentivised running of mining nodes, and completely ignoring the fact that the original vision very clearly laid out the running of mining nodes and SPV wallets as the long term high scale system in question, with all the associated maths widely distributed by Satoshi himself. [Quoted for completeness;] (
*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think. A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact). Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction. Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day. 
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 
2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.* 
It didn't get that big in throughput because a splinter group froze the original scaling plan, and yet 2 HD movies over the internet is indeed not a big deal.
If you want to argue further, do it with math, not political dickwaving, I have no interest in doxxing myself. And to pre-empt that on the off chance you actually know what the fuck you're talking about and not just spouting tribal signalling bullshit, I know what you're going to say, memory usage of the UTXO set. Doesn't matter, that's the entire *point* of what I was saying about incentivised vs altruistic non mining nodes. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:38:22
If you ran a hotel, how would you view it if I came along and built another one around it, and claimed I was just increasing "the" capacity to deal with customers, rather than "my" capacity to deal with customers, in a completely new and different way, that does not involve you at all, and in fact *at the expense* of any future scaling to deal with new customers you may individually want to engage in?
And I also obviously had very clear business interests in doing that? Would you be "holding up plans for completely irrational reasons" if you were to object? 
Maybe you'd say something perfectly reasonable, generous even, like "Go build your own hotel, you can even use the design I used which I made freely available to the public and modify it to your liking" to which if you got the response "but your hotel is in a really great place and has a really good reputation, steady stream of patrons, etc and I'd really like to capitalise on that, instead you should go away and build a new hotel with a different name somewhere else using that original design." you'd probably just be even more pissed off.
What's the difference between that and what miners are doing in light of core's hijacking of, and three year jihad on onchain scaling, which was clearly a part of the original scaling roadmap for the project right since inception, because of ridiculous technical red herrings that people are not able to adequately understand for the nonsense they are because they haven't actually bothered to do the associated maths?
Core are blocking onchain scaling. Dick move.
Miners are blocking offchain scaling. Dick move too, but they at least were provoked by the above dick move. There is flat out no reason not to do *both* and allocate the costs of both approaches to them, and allow them to compete in an open market, where the properties of the two transaction types and the costs thereof are evaluated and chosen as appropriate by their potential users. On chain transactions are better, and more expensive, than off chain transactions, and vice versa. Both have their use cases.
The way things are, everybody loses, it's flat out idiocy. 
Actually that's wrong, altcoins are winning *huge*.
@_date: 2017-06-20 23:29:21


No it doesn't. That's the entire point of the system. If you ever arrive at that conclusion given above, you've gone down the wrong path and you need to examine the cryptographic and incentive primitives inherent in the system again.
Anyone in this space that ventures "trust me" for justification is out to fuck you, whether they're aware of it or not, and their not being aware of it is probably worse. 
@_date: 2017-06-22 09:31:55
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:49:18


Reality disagrees with this diagnosis, here we are still stuck on a network with the total throughput of a fax machine. Either the desire is not there, or the ability is not there, or some combination of the above. The fact remains that if it really *is* due to the miners, a POW change is the appropriate response.
Personally I don't think it is, personally I think actually choosing to restrict network throughput to that level by design despite three years constant hammering on the issue by plenty of well qualified and informed people is all the evidence required to demonstrate that the current development team is simply broken, so yes, I hope they are overthrown and people adopt an alternative implementation and a corresponding fork ensues. It looks like pretty much a given that's what's going to happen at this stage, so great.
@_date: 2017-06-20 09:31:07
That's not correct, Satoshi did the math on that a long time ago (Visa scale). Here it is for completeness;
*The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think. A typical transaction would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact). Each transaction has to be broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction. Visa processed 37 billion transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day. That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.*
*If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.*
This continuously surfaced scenario is both a false dichotomy between every transaction that ever takes place in any medium ever anywhere being instantly and irrevocably securely onchain vs the present and proposed ongoing state of less than the throughput of a fax machine, or the earth shattering revolutionary step of adding a second, third or even *fourth* fax machine to the throughput. There is an *enormous* gap between the two states, and using the first as a strawman to justify leaving things at the state of the second is dishonest and/or ignorant.
@_date: 2013-12-14 08:56:24
Maybe you just need to decouple yourself from authoritarian political viewpoints?
@_date: 2017-06-16 11:40:10




Yes, and I'm not being hyperbolic at all, this is my honest take on the situation, it was forced by a perfect storm of different simultaneous attributes which all converged for the most terrible result for the project possible;
1) Technology "cult" like thinking where "perfect is the enemy of good, dragging on for *years* and leaving us with not good at all" is most clearly on display. People of this nature think they can make a statement which is accurate in terms of technology in isolation (for example, onchain scaling is less efficient than offchain scaling) whilst simultaneously blinkering themselves to the mountain of counteracting facts of reality which completely invalidate that core point (the service is extremely valuable and in high demand, the provision of the resources necessary to cater for the demand are readily available, you are sabotaging economic incentives in order to focus only on this one fact which is true only in isolation).
2) It is actually in the economic interests of the primary sponsoring force behind the leader of the project that onchain scaling remain as constrained as possible, he has clearly formulated a waffling hyperbolic romanticised image of what Blockstream actually is, and the "anointedness" of the participants in said company, and core developers themselves, so not only is there that core kernel of fact backing their arguments, but every social force is acting in concert with that core kernel to make realising the simple truth of the situation completely counter the interests of all involved parties.
3) Very few are willing to admit out loud the facts of reality when it comes right down to it as to where the project sits relative to the ongoing economic dominance of the state and central banking, so they make sideways statements about how decentralisation must be maintained clearly envisioning a situation in which said institutions have come down on cryptocurrencies as hard as they are able, and yet they do not want to provoke exactly such a situation by saying it too loudly. I have no problem saying it, because as far as I am concerned, when it comes to states and central banking, we live in a dystopian slave world, and I won't mince words describing it any other way, and I see their doing everything they can to stop cryptocurrencies as absolutely inevitable (and of course, doomed to failure, because the maths work, and people desperately want to be free of the unlimited parasitism). Keeping the onchain capacity exactly where it is though is *serving the agenda of those forces*, and is something that if they had the wherewithal to understand, they would probably be laughing themselves to death over. We're at the threshold of destroying the most monstrous and parasitic regime that has ever existed, and we're thwarted by the personality disorders of a cadre of software developers.
4) Some good old fashioned xenophobia when it comes to the factions under Chinese control who are playing in the game. If Lee Huang, Ho Wang and friends were sitting around a table talking about how 90% of the transaction layer service companies are all controlled by America, you would probably think them ridiculous, and yet that's exactly the kind of shit you see in IRC Logs all the time when discussion of the actors in China comes up. Because they're Chinese, it's mining centralisation, despite the fact they're all independent actors working in their own interests and what do you know, maintaining Nakamoto consensus (observe recent announcement for how Bitmain intends to handle UASF).


Indeed it would have been, if I were waxing metaphorically, but unfortunately I am not doing so. I am outlining the actual facts of the situation 1mb/10min=13.33kbps, or phrased in more colloquial terms to fully drive home the idiocy of the situation, 0.95 x a facsimile machine. That's *exactly* what 1mb every 10 minutes actually means in concrete, real world terms. Those are the crying shameful facts of the situation that has dragged on for *years* now because of the aforementioned clusterfuck.
@_date: 2013-11-12 06:34:17
I've lived my entire life mostly dealing with what I perceive to be atrocious crony capitalist trade systems. As an anarchocapitalist, you're only doing me a favour by participating in the one system that finally satisfies me as free from the poisonous influences of the political positions you hold, that said, you might well view it as self sabotage. 
I guess it's up to you, your example of the millionaire patronising the soup kitchen is impolite because he's depriving what would otherwise be a needy recipient of charity. You participating in the bitcoin ecosystem is simply contributing to the value of that economy, nobody except those in your particular political camp ought to be threatened by that, so if you don't believe you're self sabotaging, go right ahead.
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:12:19
I'm "retired".
But I still love my work so nothing really changes for me. I want to finance an emergent autonomous corp when I have the necessary time to dedicate to it, which is definitely not now as the search engine I am working on still takes up most of my working hours.
I never wanted to (and probably never will) buy a house or anything that would tie me to a physical landmass, so there's no debts I need to close out and my digital nomad lifestyle forces me into a minimalism that doesn't really allow for any kind of conspicuous consumption, so very little changes from a bling perspective.
Maybe a liveaboard bluewater catamaran, have always been partial to that idea. Would certainly be an upgrade from my backpack, but I really need to figure out net logistics for that idea to be workable, if I can only work from ports it's really not that different from my current MO.
@_date: 2017-06-19 07:18:28
[The data says that both eth (a lot) and ltc (a little) had significant transaction throughput increases corresponding with btc transaction volume diving.] (
But no, I'm sure what's really going on here is that everyone is just out to get core and the smallblockers, who are pure and good and holy and righteous on all issues and have in no way erred in policy at all.
@_date: 2013-11-29 13:32:40
*A ship in port is safe, but that’s not what ships are built for*. – Navy Admiral Grace Hopper
@_date: 2013-03-26 00:01:54
I guess I would've been more obvious with the sarcasm. For the record the above is already happening. 
Enjoy. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 16:30:36
The difference is that it actually has impact, slacktivism is clicking some page and saying yeah I support this, big deal, no impact.
Even from the very beginning in this model though there is at least some impact and it stays proportional with the desire of the participants into how important any given thing is. The economics may or may not work with microtransactions being small enough that people are willing to spend them freely but large enough en masse to make an impact. I would be interested in ways to answer that question in some quantifiable fashion rather than handwaving if you have any ideas.
Not to be all github for lesbians or anything but half the model works well enough for indiegogo and kickstarter, and the other half works well enough for reddit and hacker news, I think putting them together could be a good combination.
@_date: 2016-07-08 02:01:15
I get where you're coming from and I agree with your position. However, I think the facts need to be stated entirely with regards to questions like these, because when things get simplified down to a completely trite statement like "Vaccines are absolutely perfect and anyone who sees anything wrong with them at all is a tinfoil hat wearing crazy conspiracy theorist", as soon as the slightest piece of evidence crops up that contradicts that in any way, any curious bystander will be swayed in the anti-vaxxer direction.
Acknowledging the nature of the territory as it actually is, is a kind of vaccine against this. And like vaccines, it has some drawbacks, it's just far better than the alternative.
@_date: 2017-06-10 01:30:06
Because they threaten to kill whoever does not obey.
The real revolution in cryptocurrencies is that they can no longer tell who obeys, so their threat becomes meaningless.
@_date: 2013-03-25 21:16:17
Is keyboard warrior stance anything like mantis stance? Because that's what I am picturing. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 08:22:02
If everyone believes in god, god probably exists. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 16:52:38
Switzerland is currently considering floating a gold franc next to the CHF. May or may not actually happen. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:15:34
This is perhaps the single most stupid comment I have ever seen on this entire site, nay, perhaps even the entire Internet, ever, in my entire life. 
It is like a manifest cognitive black hole, demanding that the implicit affliction clearly affecting the speaker is universal and unavoidable in anyone else and thus combating that obvious ignorance is an exercise in futility. All that one can do is sit back and gape open-jawed in abject awe at the necessary self deception, ideological dedication and internalised doublethink that stands silent testament to the pure, refined, idiotic mindlessness of this statement. 
Sir, I salute you. A great man once said that the problem with making things foolproof is that the universe keeps coming up with bigger fools. You have singlehandedly and at a stroke negated this state of affairs for the foreseeable future by setting that bar so low that it will likely not be reached prior to the heat death of the universe. I implore you to donate your brain to science when you pass. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 04:59:00
Well at this stage, it's a solution to a distant future hypothetical problem. It is not yet granted that A) a state actor will attempt the clipper chip subversion plan or B) they will do so successfully and C) there will be no successful hardware jailbreak as a response. But from a game theory perspective I thought it was a good idea to shop the idea at least.
@_date: 2013-06-26 20:41:08
The bigger a wave gets the less stable it becomes, the state is in my humble opinion reaching that breaking point as an institution and will destroy itself by its own momentum. The more people stop just taking things as they are for granted and actually examining the foundations of our institutions, the faster this will happen.
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:47:00
It can't be shut down, end of story, you keep harping on this like it's an inevitability when it completely ignores the entire architecture of the setup. It's like saying the state will change the laws of aerodynamics when they find out a bomber fleet is on the way, yeah I am sure they would if they could but they can't so they don't. 
Yes possibly the states and their traditional banking backers will at some point want to kill Bitcoin, this assumption is built into the design and has been preemptively headed off. Technically it's here to stay and all the whining in the world from the powers that be will not stop it. 
Quantum computing will have no impact on the block chain, the few algos that potentially could be affected by qc can be swapped out if this even looks like it might be an issue. 
That Bitcoin is an attack on the tax base can very easily go into the pro column rather than the con. Nation states as they exist in the world today operate without threat of sanction because they forcibly extort their funds from a captive audience with no power to resist them.  They now have that power, you will forgive me if I won't shed a tear for our self proclaimed benevolent overlords because someone just gave their captives an out from eternal bondage. 
Criminals targeting Bitcoin stashes for theft although definitely a problem are to some extent acting as unpaid security consultants for the system, each exploit publicly exposed teaches those paying attention for weak points in their personal security to look out for and also where to focus attention for those attempting to solve this kind of thing with a hardware wallet like Trezor which is the likely long term solution. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:28:09
Cool I think i can arrange to be in before the 17th, I am reupping my Thai visa for another year so no huge rush on my part. I will pm you when I have exact dates I will be there. Don't stress about minimums etc, when you see how it works all will become clear and it is up to you where you want to go from there. You can do person to person cash exchanges but you could also do purely electronic exchanges within the Laos bank system which will probably be handy to you too and is how most people on lb do it these days.
@_date: 2013-12-22 14:02:48
Why wouldn't WU leverage their extremely broadly dispersed physical presence worldwide to get a very strong foothold in the burgeoning physical fiat to botcoin exchange market? Since they're already money transmitters assumedly they have all the necessary regulatory infrastructures sorted out?
@_date: 2013-08-18 09:42:09
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:12:55


How could this actually play out, theoretically? I can't picture military organisation so neatly into creditor and debtor organisations, wouldn't it make more sense for the debtors to simply actually become productive and live off that productivity, or for the creditors to spare something for charity to prevent a full-on revolt? Or some combination / meet in the middle scenario of the two?
@_date: 2016-07-27 09:48:44
My mattress full of zimbabwean dollars would like a word.
@_date: 2013-04-14 20:33:06


Yes, the volatility is a psychological problem, when I referred to "these properties" I meant the ones backed by mathematics that laypeople are unable to verify for themselves by grasping the way the cryptography works / having a programmers eye view into the system.


I mean that as more people learn that what they're told about the aforementioned properties is actually true and can be relied upon, usage will growth, and with increased usage, the "market cap" for bitcoin, if you will, will increase in concert with that increased usage.


Well, let's start with a very simple role play; You have a market cap of 100 bitcoins in circulation and with 20 at an ask of 1$ and 80 at an ask of 2$. If you want to send 20$ you buy 20 btc with your 20$ and you may do so, if you want to send 30, you've doubled the market price.
If instead you have say 21000000 with a value of 100$ each and every day hundreds of thousands of people are purchasing bitcoins to use as a simple transfer mechanism, your 20$ drop in the bucket will not cause the slightest ripple to the valuation. 
I realise that's an enormous exaggeration compared with the current situation, but I'm trying to illustrate the fact that the more other people use bitcoin, the less liable to rapid fluctuations in price it is liable to be. This especially applies if it goes past the simple payment method use case and into a store of value, if there are a few trillion USD worth invested in bitcoin, someone else wanting to either cash out a hundred thousand or buy a hundred thousand is not going to move the needle in the slightest.




Less a question of how much and more of a question of how long they're holding it, if people are just using them as a payment method they pretty much buy and send immediately and on the other end receive and cash out immediately. Holding as a store of value would be maybe six months or so? I have been holding mine for about two years now although I still buy new ones whenever I want to use as a payment method (but instantly send them etc as described above)


Actually I think you'd be able to answer that question better than me, at what international trade volume between two currencies do exchange rates tend to stabilise for those two currencies? My core point was that as trade increases it ceases to be a novel thing and more a well understood and regularly used thing, a market consensus on value should be reached.


I said "possible", it's not like hyperinflation in fiat currencies is without precedent, it's not like the collapse of those currencies is without precedent, they're all linked so closely together and they're all going into a debasing currency war with each other that it is not completely outside the realm of possibility that they might simply kill themselves. If that happens, an alternative must be found, because if trade stops and goods stop crossing borders, soldiers will start. 
At our level of technology that cannot be allowed to happen so there is an immense incentive for anything at all that could be used as a currency if all the existing ones self immolate.
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:45:51
Bitcoin is a secret communist weapon now?
@_date: 2013-04-02 08:51:52
You are brain-on-fire crazy brilliant, I entirely agree and held the exact same position as you minus the faith in myself to go quite as all in as you have. I just want to say it's awe inspiring to finally see this perspective so well articulated by someone else who really "gets it" even amidst the mindless, shrill and constant howling about unfounded bubbles. 
Congratulations on your foresight, you deserve every satoshi you're going to make from this. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:57:30
You know what this is real evidence of? The market is once again packed with weak hands, blood is in the water and the feeding will continue until the weak are culled. If a simple stupid rumor can cause this much damage then the market does need a purge.
Long term none of this matters, nothing in the fundamentals have changed, people who remain aware of those fundamentals and aren't distracted by sideshows will be just fine. For the rest, we thank you for your participation and don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.
@_date: 2013-12-22 13:37:59
Negotiating with a leech is a futile enterprise, it has neither the means to comprehend your wishes nor the desire to comply with them even if it could, in fact its very survival depends upon it not doing so. 
Anti leech measures are thus not based around negotiation with leeches, I suggest that anti state measures should be similarly organised. With the caveat that when the human resources employed by a state are freed from that position, all of a sudden they become valuable peers potentially willing to engage in mutually beneficial trade, and thus simply annihilating them as with leeches is not the correct approach to take. 
Crack the shell of the institution but leave the fruit of the people within it unharmed, Bitcoin is a promising mechanism for doing this.
@_date: 2013-06-30 12:59:34
This guy gets it, without an omnipotent sky king to keep everything in check; Murder, Chaos, Rape, Pillaging and everyone instantly takes to the street decapitating babies and drinking from their skulls.
Just because the church has some problems doesn't mean you can throw away the faith. Join the clergy, make things better, for most of human history the vast majority of charity has been religiously oriented, you can't just throw that away, are you some kind of crazy, bomb-throwing anarchist?
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:02:10
Yes, we have them surrounded in their tanks. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 05:37:21
His ranting reminds me of the losethos guy.
@_date: 2013-04-15 08:18:53


Because the odds for those things are known and purposely slanted in favor of the house that is running them.


No, because with bitcoin, there is no "they".


Because personally I see nation states as the most evil entities currently in existence, I realise this is frequently papered over and the prevailing propaganda is that the state exists for the benefit of its citizens and such, but just look at the statistics for democide in the past century. 
I don't buy that governments exist for any other purpose than Pournelle's iron law. And the iron in that law frequently manifests in absolutely horrendous ways. 
That doesn't make it OK in my opinion to add to the carnage by violent resistance, but agorism as a hedge against global tyranny seems like a good bet to me. Personally, I travel the world settling in no location permanently in large part so that I can avoid feeding the beast, that alone is more of a commitment than supporting the adoption of a form of economic exchange out of the reach of the modern state superpredators.
@_date: 2013-06-30 16:23:29


Once is all you need, what if the investor's families end up starving because that contractor took the money and ran? I know it is probably going to be rare, but if we can just save one child, isn't that enough to justify it?


Sure but that's not real money, there's no central bank to make sure that the currency is serving the interests of the state that owns it.
Your reply made me feel sad, so I downvoted you. Because you're wrong. Stop making me feel sad, it's wrong. When you make people sad, you're wrong.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:59:18
I just finished reading that fiat money on France document also. The parallels are astounding, I am tempted to post it directly here as an example of a cautionary tale, and the things Bitcoin could insure humanity against, but I think so long as it is probably few would read it and it would just be met with ;TLDR 2THAMOON LOL. 
Regardless thank you very much for the reference it was extremely educational. 
@_date: 2013-09-20 02:38:46
I am almost tempted to allow your reply to stand alone as a testament to your lack of understanding and fear. I won't, but it is certainly illuminating as to your blind spots. "We" don't have to continually prove anything. "We" can simply observe the properties which are inherent in the bitcoin protocol by virtue of its cryptographic underpinnings, which "you" and most of the rest of the world are clearly unable to grasp. 
Hence the entire blacksmith analogy, internal combustion engines are impenetrable to a blacksmith, proof of work systems and the cryptographic solution to the byzantine generals problem upon which bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies rely are impenetrable to people like you.
At one point, international trade was denominated in gold directly, at others it has been denominated in fiat currencies pegged to a gold backing. It's only been 42 years since that unpegging happened, and even the jackass politicians that made it happen were aware enough of the ramifications of it that they sought to hedge by backing their currency with oil instead of gold by playing mercenary for the Saudis. Even with the new backing in place it still caused a global financial crisis at the time.
It is not an enormous stretch to imagine, with the petrodollar backing being directly challenged, and the US being unable to respond militarily due to amusingly ineffective foreign policy and nobody buying the cover story du jour, that the status quo which has held for the past 42 years is in danger of imminent collapse. That does not imply that international trade will simply cease, it implies that it will be denominated in something other than petrodollars.
That need not necessarily even be a peer to peer cryptocurrency, I could see it simply going to IMF SDRs or something like them, but it's difficult to imagine it simply switching to yet another fiat currency considering the vast majority of the large central banks of the world are currently involved in epic runaway quantitative easing. The fact remains that international trade is essential, and when current mechanisms facilitating it become sub optimal, alternatives are implemented instead. It doesn't just stop.
For all of the systems you attempt to link together co-dependently, state controlled fiat money, the financial industry, and the entirety of human economic activity, the actual dependency chain is this; at the very core of everything, the entirety of human economic activity. Parasitically laid atop this is the state controlled fiat money systems of the world. Parasitically laid atop this is the current incarnation of the private financial services industry.
I am not sure if your fear stems from the fact that you do not realise this, or that you desperately do not want others to realise this, because of what it implies for the weakest link in the chain which you personally rest your life upon. 
In the absence of the current financial industry, the demand for the services that it supplies still exist and will simply be filled elsewhere. In the absence of the current global state controlled fiat money systems, human economic activity is still much preferable to war and other methods will be pursued to ensure that it is possible and continued. 
I have arranged my dependencies and affairs accordingly balanced upon the probabilities of any of these systems collapsing or suffering major overhauls. I do not "rely" on any of them. Life is much more comfortable with at least human economic activity still in place, and certainly I would have a preference that such continues, especially since in its absence global war is a near certainty, and weapons being what they are these days that looks quite bleak for the future of humanity. 
But the current state fiat systems layered on top of it are of no consequence at all to me, I would dearly love to see them fall. Even more so the financial industry in its current incarnation that sits atop that infrastructure. In my humble opinion, the collapse of either or both of these things would be a boon to humanity in the long run.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:10:35
Imagine you're talking to the mother of a sociopathic serial killer with a multiple victim count. Imagine that every breach of the whole "don't kill people" idea by her child, she writes off as some variant of "he had it coming" or "it was necessary so my child could cross the street at that particular time", imagine that when you call her a completely insane person with endless ability to rationalise away the crimes of her child, she asks you to refrain from ad hominem and wants to calmly debate you on the specifics of all of the prior crimes in question.
Then imagine that she adds a stipulation that if you agree to that debate, she'll donate to a security company that specialises in making automated defenses against sociopaths like her child.
Are you swayed by her enticing offer?
Are you seeing the parallels here?
@_date: 2013-12-22 15:19:09
It will be interesting to see if they try, and more interesting to see if governments try to stop them. If they successfully pull that off it's basically game over for trying to control fiat to bitcoin flows.
@_date: 2017-06-14 23:25:05
Did you respond to the wrong comment? I was agreeing with you that he was indeed being crazy and hypocritical.
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:51:56
He's astoundingly ignorant for someone so convinced that he is right;
I don't know what the barriers to entry to competing with bitcoin, therefore there must not be any.
I don't know how much power the state has to control bitcoin flows, therefore it must be complete.
I don't know if bitcoins can be counterfeited, therefore I will assume they can.
I don't know if the core protocol is secure, therefore I will assume that it is not.
He is just farming for things he doesn't know or understand and assuming that filling in the blanks, the worse possible thing is true in each case. I just lost a lot of respect for this guy.
@_date: 2013-03-08 14:02:29
That's not laptops, that's just shitty apple computers made for people that are more concerned with appearance than performance, I have mined for weeks on end on Asus G73 series gaming computers without any issues at all.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:30:40
How long till we get stereotyped with the conspiracy of white cisheteronormative playing on easy mode neckbeard patriarchy sexist misogynistic label now?
They want to take away my tax funded women's studies maternity leave shitlord baiting social group meeting hall rental by destroying the very ground we stand on! NO FAIR WE HIJACKED THE STATE FAIR AND SQUARE YOU CAN'T JUST TAKE YOUR BALL(S) AND HIDE IN THE CYBERSPACES WAAAAH!
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:19:37
Sure, I will be in Vientiane in two weeks and staying for one, we could meet up some time during and I could walk you through setting up a localbitcoins account and the appropriate advertisements if that suits you. You know that neat little French cafe/restaurant near the main river/road? That was pretty decent by my recollection, that work for you? 
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:26:41
Because I was pointing out the absurdity of your argument, not joining a choir for the brilliance of it.
Just to blare this one out with a bullhorn; People are stupid, the things that they think have no intrinsic bearing on reality as a matter of course, all that you can infer from the fact that people think things is that.. People are stupid. (you can repeat this sentence until you grasp it forever, it's fun like that)
And yes, I too, am people. I have believed stupid things in my life, it stands to reason I probably believe stupid things now, I just don't yet know what they are. When I discover them I shall be sure and realign my perceptions to match the new information however. 
This appears to be an ability that is in ridiculously short supply amongst humans.
PS; your comment history is amusing, it looks like you've spoken extensively about the ins and outs of the financial sector back over in heavily regulated fiat land. Enough that it's reasonable to infer that you have a vested interest in the continued flourishing of that system. 
You do realise, that being the case, that any comments you make about the inadequacy of a competitor that stands to undermine the entire basis of your industry will automatically be taken with several solar masses of sodium chloride? Much the same as a blacksmith dismissing this whole new car thing as just a stupid scam and people will always need horseshoes because that's how the world works, and if you think any different you're just some ignorant punk kid who hasn't been at the anvil long enough to know his asshole from his elbow?
Consider the possibility that you just might actually be wrong. Just throwing it out there. You might in fact be building your life on a lie. That's something that you really ought to give deep and enduring thought to before returning to your "anvil" to smack out some more horseshoes. Good luck.
@_date: 2013-04-07 13:03:14
I'm sure having fun watching from up here on my pile of money.
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:12:31
This is something that almost nobody opposing an ancap solution actually considers. Look, you're talking about a business here, if they can improve profit margins by providing free security to a certain area that is a haven for criminals, or by providing basic living facilities for the poor in order to reduce crime, they would *do that*.
All they care about is what is the most efficient solution, not the state coming along and making it a huge emotional argument about principles and revving everyone up to emotionally oppose everyone else so they can get votes out of the issue.
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:21:01
In other news; local priest convinced atheism "just a fad"
@_date: 2013-11-15 13:51:29
Bring it on.
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:50:22
Which is already true, though it is of course much easier to find that tiny hole in the regular security when you have a magic backdoor that gives you the ability to analyse that regular security in complete detail. It has never been good policy to rely on "security by obscurity" however, so those tiniest flaws are exactly what people should be concentrating on closing whether there is secret NSA magic or not.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:10:01
I've been reading your saga. No mail system pretty much rules out the major exchanges AFAIK. Localbitcoins with thb if you happen to have a Thai bank account works fine, I have used that before.
It seems there are no localbitcoin vendors in Laos at the moment, but that may be an opportunity for you rather than a problem. You would be the first if you started and could cover the entire country. Is that a possibility? You would open an ad for buying coins first up and when you have a running stock another ad for sales with a spread between the two that makes it worth your while. Then you just run arbitrage between international and local supply and demand.
@_date: 2013-01-29 08:40:15
I saw it as a useful purge, people who buy because everyone else is buying and sell because everyone else is selling strike me as a really strange metric to base the worth of a commodity / currency / asset class on. They bought and they had no idea why it was valuable, they sold and they had no idea why it was not. 
The mathematical reality behind the cryptography of bitcoin didn't change a single bit regardless of the wildly fluctuating price, so far it has not. The code is solid, the math is good, everything else is just a sideshow. Until that fundamental reality changes, Bitcoin is a revolutionary and useful creation, actions of the lemmings be damned.
@_date: 2013-09-14 23:38:28
Yeah, I agree that's the likely situation. I don't know what the probabilities are either way though.
@_date: 2013-09-13 18:43:30


There's a mechanism to spread the allocation of your contribution however you please.


True, it was probably a bad example, they're both actually pushing the same goal.


This is indeed an interesting one. Coupled with the above I wonder if it makes sense to have a separate pool for the expression of things like that that really are more appropriate to upvotes and keep the mechanism for addressing goals and contributing to people whose goals match your own and whose accomplishments you find worthy of such. 
I will definitely think about that one for a while. Thank you.


Why would you leave rather than present an alternative and agitate for it? Assumedly if you're unconvinced by the available options you have your own ideas on the best way to proceed, and if they work for you, why not some others too?


To be fair, that's already a pretty huge problem. Everyone thinks they're right, especially when there are no consequences to being wrong and people very rarely check their own biases or the assumptions they make, it all just becomes a big tribal circlejerk. If instead those views were applied to the real world, you might actually have some results for the experimental hypotheses advanced and hopefully they would learn from the data returned. 


Ok, let's take a real world example of why it might be a better idea than individual direct action from a single person, or just a news aggregator, or a news aggregator and a crowdfunding mechanism separately or any combination of the above;
1) You don't know what you don't know; People posting stories about things gives you a window into things that you didn't know. On the other hand you get that much already from reddit alone, once you have the story posted you know about a problem. Though even this level allows you to accrue funds to pursue the deeper levels where things get more interesting.
2) Of the things that are possible to fix the problem, you don't know what you don't know. Here is a more direct advantage, in the I learned about this from an aggregator, the typical focus of the comments is not "what can I personally do directly" with opinions included on the effectiveness of all of those options, and the ability to split your contribution in proportion to that effectiveness. There's no other hand on this one, that at least is unique. You could get something similar with a story and a kickstarter, but the figuring out the project, what can be done, how effective it would be collectively part still doesn't exist.
3) People get the opportunity to accrue benefit to themselves in proportion to their effectiveness at meeting the goals the collective sets. If you frequently come up with things that people are really interested in helping out with or ideas or basically do well in any of the incentivised activities, this gives you more power to influence the things you are interested in, or simply directly incentivises your participation with personal self interest. There's no other hand on this one at all, and you definitely don't get to spread benefits amongst the swarm of participants in proportion to their contribution to the goals which can be used to further their agenda or incentivise further participation later.
Regardless, thanks for your input, you definitely raised some things I haven't thought of.
@_date: 2013-06-30 09:03:44
DOUBLE OH FIVE might actually be a bit catchy.
@_date: 2017-06-16 05:55:49
Although I don't agree with you on the "where were your credentials from, good sir, before I analyse the logic in your argument." general line of discussion at all, in order to make clear my agenda, it is very simple; Destroy political authority. I see cryptocurrencies as a tool to do that.
The amount of times my agenda is questioned, perhaps I should make that my personal *carthago delenda est*...
*Auctoritatis superveniet interitus est rei publicae*.
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:02:38


Personal responsibility is a really bleak view of how society should work. Welcome to current year ladies and gentlemen.
@_date: 2013-11-12 16:06:39


I apologise if I misconstrued this, I thought you were saying you were satisfied with the status quo and wondered if this disqualified you from participating in this ecosystem. I also apologise if I came across combative, it was not my intent to put you on the defensive, merely to explain the perspective of someone from the exact camp from which your original post targets.
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:33:38
@_date: 2013-04-26 10:00:30
I take payments in btc for my consulting services and only cash out to fiat living expenses and use only a small  percentage of my total holdings to harvest extra from the daily volatility,  the "win" condition in my eyes is at least hundreds of times larger than the current rate and that's where the majority of my holdings are staying invested.  
Not everyone has to be an investor or a user, we can be both. 
@_date: 2013-07-01 02:05:52
If you doubt this was actually a parody and just think I wanted an easy out from an embarrassingly incorrect position I encourage you to read my comment history. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 08:52:32
Is an automated defense turret designed to protect against home invasions inherently anti home invader? 
Bitcoin in the same way is a technological construct designed to protect against state theft by inflation and various other central bank manipulations. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:33:27
The thing about parallel construction is that it doesn't really buy you anything to be extra paranoid about from the perspective of viewing the state as a malevolent actor out to destroy anyone it can get its hands on violating its arbitrary codes.
If you take it as a given that the NSA has some super secret "magic" that they will feed to other agencies, and when it comes to enforcement a narrative will need to be constructed by parallel construction in order to justify the witch hunt, it still follows that if you take all the security precautions necessary so that were you to actually be outed, the super secret magic would also have to be outed, the very fact parallel construction is used is evidence that they will not allow that super secret magic to be exposed. Ergo, if a narrative to attack your activities via parallel construction is not available, you will not be attacked through legal channels by the state, period.
So basically, keep calm, and carry on.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:35:57
More, no fuckin' bailouts here yo. ;)
@_date: 2013-06-30 14:03:52
Fuck me, sorry I got mixed up between parodying religious fundamentalists and statists without noticing until just now, ahem, I *meant*;
This guy gets it, without an omnipotent king to keep everything in check; Murder, Chaos, Rape, Pillaging and everyone instantly takes to the street decapitating babies and drinking from their skulls.
Just because the government has some problems doesn't mean you can throw away politics. Run for public office, make things better, for most of human history the vast majority of civilised human activity has been under the auspices of involuntarily political organisations, you can't just throw that away, are you some kind of crazy, bomb-throwing anarchist?
See? Totally different perspective. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:31:22
I don't quite follow how this works, I'd love it if you could explain more. Nobody can simply apply for more money from the central issuer of fiat currency right? If they could they would assumedly do so? Nobody is going to say "No, you can't give me anymore free money" so there's always going to be "demand" ?
Or do you mean "demand" vis central bank -&gt; retail bank demand where retail bank demand is dependent on how much profit they believe they can turn by lending out that money to other people?
@_date: 2013-09-13 16:20:28
I'd compromise security for free speech, but I would not compromise free speech for security, hence my ideas on how to achieve those goals without damage to the former and allowing as great as possible in the latter as next priority.
@_date: 2013-11-12 01:59:57
Although I will readily admit it does seem like the majority are now bullish, I can tell you from being here long enough to see all the previous bubbles that was not always the case at all. I think it might be a function of the fact that everyone has now already seen all the ups and downs and knows that long term, the dramatic individual surges and crashes have no impact on the final value. 
If the entirety of the market however shared that opinion, those crashes and surges would be much less common than they are, which should clue us into the fact that the views and opinions expressed here are a minority amongst a minority. Most people don't know what Bitcoin is period, of those that do, most aren't trading it, of those that are, most don't hold the opinions reflected here, of those that do, you're looking at less than 61,000 people, a significant portion of which are still throwing out contrarian views.
That's why I don't think you can really safely say that there is an echo chamber when it comes to Bitcoin sentiment, plenty of people still don't get it and are unflinchingly convinced it's doomed to failure, they're just largely not right here in this subreddit.
@_date: 2013-04-26 09:49:16
Plenty of people at the time didn't get Google;  who the hell are there guys and how are they going to beat entrenched high value players like yahoo and altavista. It wasn't "obvious" at the time to non subject matter experts like finance guys. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:13:51
Because you swallowed the party politic line so hard that we're all simply stunned it wasn't propelled down your throat faster than light creating a singularity of pure concentrated doublethink that presently threatens to expand outward, rapidly engulfing everyone else in more of the same poisonous nonsense.
Put simply, every time you speak it is as if this burgeoning sphere of idiocy makes everyone else just that little bit more obsequious just to avoid falling victim to your tragic affliction. In a community of pedants, that's quite a trick to pull.
Take everything you think you know and reconsider it from the perspective that perhaps your idols aren't so idyllic, and perhaps your perils aren't so paralytic. I really can't even grasp how someone could have arrived at the conclusions you have managed to convince yourself of at all. You are the rhetorical equivalent of a morphine addicted double jointed contortionist with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
@_date: 2013-06-30 16:59:14
Sorry, I started out what I thought was fairly ridiculous and became more so when it was clear that people mistook my parody for sincerity.
@_date: 2013-04-20 07:24:46
Wow, Ver ran for office and said some things that pissed off the powers that be so they aggressively prosecuted him for selling fireworks?! Today I learned a new portmanteau; crypto-totalitarianism.
Why was Matonis in jail? I can't find any reference to this.
@_date: 2013-06-26 20:19:25
Because what magical sky fairy you are deluded enough to believe in has much less impact than what you devote your productive energies to promoting, creating, or servicing.
The state will give you all the freedom in the world, as long as it doesn't matter. You can vote for either of the parties, that will implement the same policies, you can petition for meaningless nonsense like who gets to marry who or which benefits are paid for from the public purse or if military spending is increased by 95% or only 94.89%. But opt out? Refuse to submit? No, that's a bridge too far.
@_date: 2013-04-08 14:27:30
Here's my sensible man advice;
For that amount of money you want to take the drive to a professional, the clicking you describe sounds like a disk head crash, it is highly likely that for a couple thousand at most they can put fresh components on the old platter and access your data, it does not make sense to risk that many btc for any other approach and throwing your hands up is crazy.
Crazy redneck hacker advice;
BUT If you're at the level of just throwing your hands up and killing yourself, I'm going to go ahead and tell you a little secret I learned back in the day of dealing with someone in a similar situation to you whose entire business was on a drive that crashed and had no backups for and were unable or unwilling to take it to data recovery.
Y'see hard drives are made of metal, and a head crash is when the internal read head of a drive collides with the metal platter of the disk that holds the actual ones and zeroes that make up the data on your drive, and there's a neat thing about metal that's relevant in the context of when one spinning piece of it collides with another spinning piece of it in an inaccessible, vacuum sealed area that you otherwise have no access to.
Now bear in mind we really are in crazy hick territory here, but I assure you the science behind this is sound and it has worked at least once in my experience for me; If you freeze the drive, the read head (and the platter) will shrink, and possibly re-align on the original path and allow you to backup your wallet. Yes, I said freeze and I meant it literally, as in, take the drive out, put it in your home freezer on maximum for 4 hours, and then take it out and rapidly hook it back up to your system to backup the wallet as soon as you're up and running.
Sounds crazy I know, but if you're desperate... Better than giving up and suicide.
One thing you gotta be real careful of if you want to go this route is condensation, if you just shove the drive in the freezer when it comes out it's going to have non trivial levels of moisture in it and that might fuck you just as badly as a head crash, to get around this, wrap it air tight in multiple freezer bags, you want to basically get as close as you can to vacuum sealing that thing.
Whichever road you end up taking, best of luck to you!
Oh and one last thing, your instincts re dropbox were correct, that would have been quite an insecure thing to do, you can however quite securely create a truecrypt container, backup your wallet to that with a very secure encrypted passphrase, and put the container on dropbox. Best of both worlds.
@_date: 2013-04-09 12:48:28
I don't know that I'd call it common sense to say attrition in the monetary base is definitely above 12% per year... I can't say it's definitely wrong mind you but that seems extremely high.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:19:04
I hear that the Chinese political apparatus is peopled by a significantly higher percentage of engineers as compared to the US which is high on lawyers and extremely weak in technology. Is this also possibly a factor? 
@_date: 2013-09-13 11:48:09
If this were true, why is the long term exponential trend so consistent from very beginning? 
@_date: 2013-09-13 20:06:43
How do you figure that one out? If one is absolutely free, one is not necessarily absolutely secure?
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:53:43
I will be in Laos soon, perhaps I can help you somehow? What do you actually want?
@_date: 2013-11-10 07:46:37
Yes, this has been making the rounds at least the past 4 or 5 days if memory serves, and yes I am sure I mean this specific one. 
Edit; [5 days ago.] ( 
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:45:33
Yeah, and then there is the price manipulation with so called 'paper gold' and all the shenanigans with various gold repatriation programs right now. Don't get me wrong I am still a fan of gold, but when it comes to verification of holdings, Bitcoin is enormously superior. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 13:50:38
I'll go through this point by point, but basically everything you say exhibits a consistent pattern and can be summarily destroyed with one single refutation; Your conclusions utterly fail to match your assumptions and premises.


The only systems that do not advocate the adoption of competition in a society are complete anti market states, such as North Korea and various others that have existed throughout history. Strangely enough it never turns out well, I wonder if the people are grateful that they have been spared the ravages of free market competition? 
However, the simple fact is that the exact same states you're cheerleading here adopt the same modus operandi. Every single modern prosperous nation state today is to some extent market based, and thus subject to competitive forces. Or to put it more brutally, as you say "dog-eat-dog".


This is a content free statement, you are all for freedom, but you do not want to live in a world without slaves. 


Which implies that in authoritarian states, corruption and brutality are less common than outside. I am actually surprised that you can make this claim and expect to be taken seriously. 


The state is the perfect platform for crooks and sociopaths, your argument that crooks and sociopaths will be kept in line by an apparatus free from the constraints of the consent of the governed or competition with competitive entities makes no sense at all, and unsurprisingly in the real world we find that the more authoritarian the state, the more common corruption and brutality. 


Nation states have been around far longer than minimum wage laws or workplace standards committees, minimum wage laws are simply economically naive populist measures that serve no purpose other than to [sabotage the weakest members of society] ( by not allowing them to work for the wage the market dictates for their skills.
To the extent that nation states have adopted economically damaging populist measures, they have typically done it simply to win support from the ignorant public [^1] ( [^2] ( and blunt the appeal of any real reform movements that might use the same tactics.


But you're perfectly alright with a percentage of the entire economic output of the population of a nation state being forcibly confiscated in return for the use of a monopoly administered network of roads costing many, many times less than the aforementioned extorted funds, whilst the excess goes to the kill brown people in foreign countries and prop up my buddies on wall street that gave me campaign contributions to win the prior election fund? 
I must admit, that does sound like a pretty sweet package deal, cable companies don't have anything on the state.
All of that notwithstanding, your assumption of how things would play out in the absence of top down forcibly imposed public services does not even necessarily bear any resemblance to reality.


Because health insurance is utterly impossible without the state, [friendly societies] ( never existed and are actually just a fever dream of fanatical libertarian swine who have never known the joy of kneeling at the foot of the state?


False dichotomy, the state does not guarantee the absence of child labour, the preferences of the participants in a society do. Many countries have large amounts of child labour to this very day, unsurprisingly the ubiquity of the state in all territories where these things continue does not prevent them from continuing.
Further, the idea that a state is only a 1% drag on economic growth is hilariously inaccurate. Real government expenditures as % of GDP figures range from 8% to 156.4%, and mostly cluster around the 30%+ mark. This is direct spending and doesn't take into account the economic drag caused by inadequate and ineffective regulations as well as their compliance costs.


Which most certainly does not happen in modern nation states, where justice and policing is equally available to all citizens regardless of wealth, and the idea of money being able to buy or influence justice is once again just the domain of the fever dreams of fanatical libertarians?
Certainly we are much better served by the fact that at least in the face of the abject inadequacy of the system in question, they do not have any competing entities to turn to like say, I don't know, just wildly throwing it out there, organised criminal gangs that run small fiefdoms to provide some small measure of protection in the absence of any effective policing from the state? [^1] ( 


Somalia is not an ancap society, however, you would do well to remember that in the absence of a traditional state, it actually has a murder rate enormously lower than neighbouring states. (1.5 vs 21.8 regional average)
But of course, the enormous economic advantages of disposing of the inefficient and bloated state and the ensuing prosperity would *simply have to* be a sign that people would be more desperate and willing to resort to violence for the basic essentials of life, rather than trading in a completely free market with no drag caused by state meddling.
Certainly, looking at [this list] ( no discernible link can be made between cost of living and the extent of state meddling in the nations in question.


Except there are other countries where you are not allowed to carry weapons with murder rates at 5 times those in the US, and others where you are allowed to carry weapons with less than half the murder rate of the US. it is almost as if there were no actual correlation, [I wonder if anyone ever did any studies and found that to be the case] (


Actually, positive sentiment for socialist ideas, coupled with negative sentiment for capitalist ideas is a demographic marker of youth;


As for ancap demographics, [here are some actual stats] ( About the only thing you seem to have right is that they are mostly men, as they're almost entirely atheist, they most certainly don't skew towards belief in immortality.
Speaking for myself, it is precisely because I know that I am not invulnerable that I want the dismantle the state, it is the greatest enemy of mankind in the world today and I am acting in the interests of self preservation to see that it is dismantled, cozying up to dictators has a nasty habit of backfiring when they finally turn their hostilities on you.


So when it all comes down to it, you don't really care what the state wants or views as its responsibilities, you observe individual things on a case by case basis and draw your own conclusions about the efficacy and necessity thereof, and adopt views in line with those conclusions.
Good thing that we're not all actually subject to your conclusions, as it appears the vast majority of them are horrendously wrong.
@_date: 2013-11-17 04:38:35
Ok, so let's reason this one out, assume an infinitely competent adversary prepared to stop at nothing to implement the above plan, how would you go about doing it?
The best way I can come up with is that I'd mandate that all SHA-256 hashing ASIC's must have a control chip with an embedded public key that actually enables the functionality with a countdown and regular checkins back to "home base" as well as individual registration on that control chip. Each control chip would be registered by the central authority, if a control chip was activated without a "license" from said central authority, the key would not be provided to the module to allow hashing to proceed. To forge instructions from the central authority to the control module, you would need to compromise their private key (which assuming good key management would be almost impossible). 
Circumventing the control module is an obvious fix, but an obvious response is to make the downstream muscle also answerable to the upstream private key, without that signed instruction, nothing activates. Each instruction would be unique for the individual control module and backing hardware, so it would not be possible to simply record the signal and play it back in black hardware. I guess though the question becomes; how hard is it to actually embed obedience to those instructions all the way down to the level that none of the ASICs will activate at all unless it's got that signal, and what kind of overhead tax does this actually impose on the hardware, and is that overhead tax large enough that it would make competitive ASICs or alternative miners from uncontrolled sources? 
It does seem like it would be an extremely hard thing to actually implement this "mining clipper chip" kind of setup, and the history of locally controlled hardware with locks attempted against users does not look promising for our intrepid mining hijacker overlords, but assuming it could be done and done perfectly, how might the wider bitcoin mining community respond in order to once again throw off this imposed yoke?
Hypothesis; the primary reason for the existence and success of Bitcoin is precisely *because* it is free from the meddling of nation state actors. If a nation state actor imposed a credible threat as eludicated above, it makes sense that the same community of people that bought bitcoin this far and want to see it go further along the same lines would take measures to counteract it.
Even if they couldn't directly tamper with the hardware in question, one  method that would potentially circumvent the zombie miner corps is to setup a competitive, open mining approval program. Autonomous corps would arise following this pattern; They have a private key they control, they follow whatever arbitrary rules they choose in order to certify that a mining pool is not populated by clipper chipped miners, and when they are certain this is the truth, they publish a report and certify that particular pool by digitally signing a cert and publishing it to the network for all miners to use.
The more of these autonomous corps, the better, if a given mining pool has near total certification from the anti zombie corp agencies, it becomes a trusted pool and other miners will cooperate with it, if not, it is effectively a forked chain that nobody cares about. Sabotaging the system by setting up phony autonomous corps falls apart the first time someone starts messing with the blockchain in a detectable fashion (chargebacks, blacklisting, etc) and instantly the keys for the corps that certified the mining pool that wrote that block in the chain become untrustworthy and the blocks in question get rolled back, with the remaining trustworthy certification agencies keys allowing pool participants only.
Only the certification corps that actually manage to certify blocks without zombie controlled tampering manage to retain their key trusts, by definition any attempts to subvert this must follow the market rules, and therefore are only contributing more to the original goal; the state is unable to forcibly impose its goals.
I can't think up a way past that, but perhaps someone else can? Of course, it relies on people voluntarily caring what those certification corps have to say and choosing to mine cooperative only with other certified entities, but in the event of a perfect attack as originally elucidated, it does seem like a solid strategy for a turnaround as far as I can see.
**EDIT:** After thinking more about this for a while; There's also a propensity, I want to say tragic failing but it is better to be paranoid than not in this sphere so I am going to stick to propensity, for people like both myself and the participants in the leaked discussion to drastically overestimate the abilities of the enemy in these circumstances. We should keep in mind when weighing risk, probabilities and exposure to the discussed attack that it will be bought to you largely by people like [this guy] ( 
Just something to keep in mind, go over the SOPA hearings at your leisure and remember the calibre of moron we are in fact dealing with, no reason to be complacent mind you, theoretical threats are still worth discussion. 
@_date: 2013-11-12 09:45:27
That's exactly what I do, but at the same time, if people weren't pushing those bubbles and they weren't falling naturally then those riding the waves like us so to speak would just be holding.
@_date: 2017-06-20 13:12:23
The throughtput of the tor network is 0.9gbps lowest exit relay. The necessary throughput of the bitcoin network in order to hit that block size Satoshi was discussing is less than 10mbps. That is about 90 times less.
You don't have a clue what you're talking about, do more research.
@_date: 2013-04-15 08:05:59


Why did you buy them? If you only wanted to use it as a payment method without any exposure to the volatility why didn't you buy and spend in one shot at the exact same moment you wanted to do that? If you bought them as a speculative investment, exposure to the volatility is exactly what you were after and you were thus exposed to the risk / reward therein. If you bought them as a store of value I'd say at the moment due to the volatility that would not be a smart move at all, it's still an open question as to whether this will continue or not, I don't want to trust a store of value until I'm absolutely certain it will remain so. It may be smarter than holdings in a Cyprus bank, but it's still risky compared to other competitors in the same space imho.


No, more that the percentage of the market cap necessary to represent any given transaction, no matter how large, is likely to decrease.


Sure, it's still in price discovery imho, so wild swings are pretty much expected, but over the long term the upward trend has held thus far, that's all I was trying to say, it swings wildly over it, but it points in the one consistent direction.


Largely because the technology exists where they can easily do that, pricing information is dynamic, payment is dynamic, conversion is dynamic, it's all extremely easy and low overhead compared to the fiat equivalent of the same, so whilst these things might be a marker of severe illness in a traditional fiat currency, in bitcoin I just don't see it as that big of a deal. The technology has evolved around this being a fact of the nature of the market, if it ever ceases to be so the technology will evolve again, technology evolves fast, it always has and likely always will, if anything it will just get faster.


Once again, disclaimer; it's possible, not guaranteed. Maybe all the central bank suits really just have everything completely under control and speculating otherwise is pointless. But assuming that's not true;
 
All the major central banks of the world are currently involved in large scale currency debasement, anyone who wants to compete with the economies of these currencies in the export market who does not do the same is shooting themselves in the foot. China has already made threats it will not simply allow its export market to evaporate due to this extensive QE. Even the CHF has committed to debasement to maintain a direct exchange rate with the Euro because it didn't want to allow its currency to massively appreciate.
So the scenario I'm positing is that the major central banks debase their own currencies in order to meet domestic chicken in every pot political objectives, and all the rest fall like dominoes to compete in the export market, resulting in a contagious runaway debasement scenario and effectively a hyperinflation epidemic, at which point the ability for the central banks to do anything about it is nil.
@_date: 2013-09-21 02:36:43
[Here's why] (
TLDR; same reason a blacksmith would be posting in just after the model T ford launched.
@_date: 2013-09-13 18:47:14
Specifics of the mechanism to be decided, but that might work, yes. 
I'd be a bit worried about such a shallow interface between the two entities in the event that it ever got big, I could imagine a ton of blockchain spam from such a setup.
@_date: 2013-09-13 12:09:31
Yes, but not just corporations / product ideas and allocations, anything at all.
For example, people unhappy about the state of poverty / medical care / education standards for the poor might want to write / link a story going over all the facts and figures as they stand, as well as promoting what they view as their favourite method to address this directly rather than just saying "So clearly we should raise taxes, give more state welfare, and let the government handle it".
So bring interesting ideas to light that deserve attention, and instead of self righteously shouting "SOMETHING MUST BE DONE!" collectively decide what those things should be and actually make a contribution to really doing something about it rather than just throwing around imaginary internet points expressing your opinion on something.
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:02:23
How do you respond to a zealous Christian who when confronted with any issue no matter how important and dangerous the ramifications of not addressing that issue are, suggests prayer as an invariable sole course of action?
Same situation with ignorant serfs who suggest writing politicians is an effective course of action. You may as well exhort cows to petition abbatoirs.
@_date: 2013-09-13 11:36:34
It just occurred to me the whole "it's taking a really long time" might be a complete fabrication and not in the sense that they don't have the product and are never going to deliver. What if they're just running the gear to line their own pockets, and when the difficulty makes it unprofitable, they'll ship and say "See? we made good on our deal."
@_date: 2013-04-07 11:54:44
We'll see
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:39:39
The murder for hire bit notwithstanding? It's an interesting datapoint in the saga at any rate, I'm still processing it myself.
@_date: 2013-04-14 20:00:05
I agree in principle with your risk / reward analysis, I have no idea how you came up with the actual numbers, though? 100 investment, 900% annual return, 10% chance? Where did that come from?
A friend described an investment in bitcoin to me as an investment following the antifragile strategy, where the author recommends making a lot of small investments with a known downside, and practically limitless upside. I think that's pretty much where bitcoin fits in. You stand to lose as much as you put in at maximum, but on the upside there's so many things that could happen in the world that the upside is practically unbounded. 
Personally I think those things are actually much more likely than is commonly accepted but I acknowledge that I have a personal bias here because I very strongly disapprove of the central banks / keynesian economic games / rapid global monetary debasement currently going on.
Which of course for me plays into "advances values". If I can contribute anything to the destruction of the status quo in a non violent and legal fashion, I will absolutely get on board that train.
@_date: 2013-11-13 12:43:38
Come to the dark side, we have cookies.
@_date: 2013-11-14 08:22:51
Hybrid. 
Escrow to establish a reputation, then the reputations are as valuable as it would be to reestablish them in terms of transactional collateral. Same way the current system works with collateral and credit ratings. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 12:38:38
Yes, but in the opposite direction from my previous qualifier about  only relating to private organisations. It can't just be about government, that's too narrow a scope, it has to be aimed to "promote goods" generally, government's purpose is generally to break things or parasite off anything good that is happening while jumping around taking advantage of the idiocy of the average human. Anything done within the infrastructure of the state has to rely *upon* the state and all the negative externalities it implies.
Oh, and the obvious, people who do well in this environment actually get paid. Make the world a better place by direct action with other people who also want to help, you're not going to be forcing anyone to do anything, and you get paid just to participate and the better you do, the more you get paid.
@_date: 2013-04-06 15:44:57
The entire point is that the world won't get a choice.
@_date: 2013-07-01 02:04:19
They may take our lives! But they'll never take OUR HANDOUTS! 
@_date: 2013-03-25 23:35:36
No not just QE It'd have to be something balls to the wall crazy like unlimited QE and draconian attempts to control capital flows and who is crazy enough to try something that stupid? 
@_date: 2013-04-08 12:13:02
No! That it's hard is an opportunity. See the thing is that idiots are used to a completely different model of trust to the supreme one which bitcoin innately employs. Bitcoin depends upon cryptography and the laws of mathematics, but these laws are utterly incomprehensible to idiots. They are used to working with a completely different set of laws, those being the laws of interpersonal trust.
Our entire society is based around the concept of humans understanding who it is rational to trust and not trust based around their reputations and social indicators of trustworthiness. Bitcoin largely throws this away for anyone who is able to grok it's crypto underpinnings, but for the masses who are incapable of doing so we have a huge opportunity to lend them a helping hand and profit enormously in doing so.
This is how it goes; compete with the services which they have heretofore trusted, if you can provide them with the same or better level of trust and service as their current vendors, which, to be completely fair, is an extremely low bar, they will gladly flock to you as customers. In the long run, nobody is going to want to stay completely exposed only to fiat and captive markets, it's an excellent opportunity for those willing to put in the work to compete with the existing market and cater to the needs of these people and provide them with a trust model they can accept and that won't hurt their brains and I wish them all the best with it.
I'd love to invest in the company that brings something like apple's service attitude to the bitcoin financial ecosphere, that's a dynamite proposition.
@_date: 2013-03-02 19:00:53
Bing is not Google.
@_date: 2013-06-30 16:49:53
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:11:57


Isn't that a contradiction in terms?
@_date: 2013-11-11 11:23:57
This was exactly what I was after, thanks very much! 
@_date: 2013-10-03 03:11:24
Well I would not have predicted it prior to the revelations, but if it turns out to be true it is certainly information worth keeping in mind. 
@_date: 2013-04-23 15:28:32
why is this insightful? He raises no new issues that have not been thoroughly debunked before and draws conclusions utterly unsupported by material reality in light of that. He's just another member of the "Central banks are utterly indispensable and without us modern civilisation as we know it will falter and perish. " honestly if that's all he has to contribute to the discussion he has nothing to say and should just put his money where his mouth is 
@_date: 2013-11-11 10:48:23
Not interested in Ripple, BitShares sounds interesting, is that basically a full new blockchain purely dedicated to the whole coloured coin idea with arbitrary assets backing any given coin? The main site wasn't very helpful but that's what I got out of the github repo.
@_date: 2013-09-14 09:55:57
I had assumed keyboard warrior stance and was about to break into "Nuh'uh! original claim was all banks, that's just one bank" and then I checked my bitcoin privilege and figured maybe I was fooling myself and double checked the headline and sure enough, just one bank is mentioned.
Damn it.
Still, if *all* banks are out, then this criticism is not relevant.
Also, to get real lawyerly, you can get cash out of mtgox right now, you just need to route it via another exchange that actually works by sending it in bitcoin format rather than a fiat wire transfer to an olden day bank.
@_date: 2013-11-22 11:36:21
Did you suffer some kind of tragic head injury as a child or is this something you had to work very hard and long to accomplish?
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:03:27
States have often engaged in controlling gold. Strangleholds on the mining thereof, flat out criminalisation of the possession, insistence on fixed exchange rate for its fiat currency with gold etc etc etc. It can do this because gold, much like real estate, is a physical thing that can be seized by physical force, and is subject to coercive control. 
Unlike Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-11 09:13:19
When it was around, I only looked around for an hour or so, but it looked much like a stock exchange where investments were done via LTC, but the nature of the actual funds and securities was completely arbitrary and may well have nothing to do with cryptocurrencies. I recall gold and silver funds at the very least?
@_date: 2013-04-08 04:12:02
A sliding scale of awesomeness;
Level 1) Circumventing payment processors
Bitcoin has a non zero value.
it is useful purely to circumvent payment processors, as a consumer this is a small boon as paypal visa and MC are somewhat annoying to deal with, but as a sometime merchant this is an off the charts enormous boon, as merchant accounts at banks are ridiculously hard to get and ridiculously hard to deal with. Once joe public small business owner figures out he can set up a reliable account as easily as it's possible something like bitpay, and the implications of that, PP/Visa/MC are in some serious shit. This *alone* is worth the price of admission for me but it doesn't account for the next levels where things get seriously awesome.
Level 2) Circumventing Banks and financial services
Bitcoin has a non zero and not drastically trending downwards on a long term basis value, and that the cryptographic principles underlying the blockchain are sound (which if they weren't, would influence the value to a long term drastic downward trend, so really we could just roll that into the first part of the deps here). 
It is useful to not have to deal with banks and their 9-5 hours and large fees and random assorted ridiculousness that is the result of having a stranglehold on an essential monopoly market for so long that the average participant in the banking indstry's grasp on competition is theoretical at best. That you can hold your own funds almost zero physical footprint and no way for people to even know how much you have, where, or anything of the sort is a revolutionary ability never before available in the history of humanity, it will absolutely change the world when people figure this out.
On other financial services, with bitcoin payment and holdings it is now entirely practical to rely on bonds and insurance to hedge against risks rather than contracts, legislation and litigation. Truly free markets setup around the principles of it being in their best interests to operate in good faith are already springing up and are like to become par for the course when the model is validated over time. Any financial instrument or service that currently exists in the heavily regulated monopoly financial markets could be implemented with bitcoin. 
Hedge funds, investment banks, brokerages, managed funds, stock exchanges, bond markets, all of these things are due for a massive asskicking and I see it coming in a big way.
Level 3) Circumventing central banks and fiat money entirely.
Dependencies; 
Bitcoin continues to increase in value as the wealth of the world flows into the system and away from fiat currencies.
The entire global financial system at the central bank level is built upon attempting to force profits from a financial underclass that has a mathematically impossible task of repaying debt that continuously increases by definition. The fiat money systems of the world are quicksand by design precisely so on a macroeconomic scale the central banks can force market participants into loose monetary policy by increasing their inflation / monetary instability and making more and more investments look good by comparison. 
When the largest central bank in the entire world has committed to unlimited quantitative easing until the economy moves from its platform, the only sensible way to take this is as final capitulation. They will continue to inflate the money supply until they have people standing on other ground. They expect that the "other ground" will be stocks, sovereign bonds, other investments in the markets that they control but with the rise of bitcoin they may be in for a rude shock when their marks decide to entirely circumvent their game and move off fiat money and heavily controlled markets en masse. What we are seeing here may very well be the beginning of that.
Level 4) The euthanasia of the modern nation state.
All of the above and the state proves completely impotent in actually stopping these things from happening.
The tyrants fall, the utterly corrupt modern business model known as the nation state whereby the "customer" is effectively just some mark in a given geographic area and all participants in the tax farm system are a cartel of nation states acting in concert to extract the maximum possible from their cattle ceases to exist. The complete inability to control the economy of the world by force leads to the death of the very core concept of the modern nation state; Making your customer's patronage compulsory.
In any argument with a strident statist, they will cede any ground, acknowledge any fact, go to any length at all to divert attention from the core fact that the state extorts its customers. If any other business behaved in the manner that all the states in the world do people would be up in arms and screaming bloody murder on a regular basis; States hold zero responsibility to their customers, the power the customer holds over a business is that if they do not see value in the product delivered they can choose to discontinue their dealings with that business. This is the last and final sanction of incompetence that the state, the final bastion of utter incompetence is completely dependent upon. 
Nobody who has the ability to actually refuse would take the deal the modern nation state offers, this is why they fight so ridiculously hard to prevent it even being an open question. But bitcoin removes the question from the realm of politics and inserts it squarely in the realm of mathematics. The statists can rail and scream and whine and complain all they want, but not a lick of it will change the mathematics of cryptography.
We may destroy the most bloodthirsty thugs the world has ever seen, and we may not even have to shed a single drop of blood to do it. I realise this is hyperbole and I speak only for myself and my opinion, but to me such a worthy goal without compromising at all on principles of non aggression may without exaggeration be the most spectacular accomplishment in all of human history. It is the ultimate manifestation of rejecting that the ends justify the means, going up against the greatest enemy free men have ever faced, and walking straight through him.
So, for me? I'll take any of these four levels, the higher the better. Even one is great, but all four? Nirvana baby.
@_date: 2013-09-15 04:23:35
You don't think anonymous free speech necessarily implies a sacrifice in security? I'd be interested to hear your reasoning here.
@_date: 2013-03-31 01:01:53
I'm getting a little disillusioned with hacker news, it has been such a great community for such a long time but now things like this and similar appear to be increasingly common; 
I note though that when that hellban was bought up almost the exact time the posters contributions ceased to be auto dead. Perhaps there is either a rogue mod or a particularly over zealous statist cheerleader in the pack messing things up and the more veteran mods are silently cleaning up after their mistakes as and when they are noticed? 
@_date: 2013-04-10 04:11:40
If vanity fair is saying it's crazy, then you're probably ok.
@_date: 2013-04-08 10:43:12
Someone beat me to it it seems :)
Ahh, I'm gonna get all comrade happy soon. The ancoms would be incensed.
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:11:47
No, not even that. The large exchanges trying to play nice with the government, potentially. LocalBitcoin? Tor mail based services? Coloured coins with various backings? No. They can sacrifice their allies, but their allies are not the only gateways to the ecosystem and by doing so they only self sabotage by ceding even more control and oversight. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 00:23:29
Thanks, that was very helpful. So basically if they were following that attack plan they'd quickly attempt to enter the market with enough force that they have a significant fraction of the total market cap, and then manipulate it continuously to their liking while maintaining the relative stake of market cap regardless of how high it went, and the only way this could be avoided is if "regular people" massively bought in on bitcoin and pushed up that market cap enormously to the point where manipulation would be impractical?
To corroborate your asian story, I currently live in Thailand and when the gold price dropped sharply recently, I thought I'd take advantage of it and buy some gold also. **PEOPLE EVERYWHERE**, Bangkok gold market street was utterly packed with mostly Thais all buying gold, some of the goldsmith shops were even sold out. The paper vs physical gold thing is surely going to get interesting long term.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:05:39
Not that I know of
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:00:38


See also; disease, crime, famine and various other associated maladies throughout history. Government is the only one people like you actually attempt to use this example as evidence for the benefit of its continuance. 
The state can die, and if possible we should absolutely kill it. Saying it's not possible because it has not yet been done is a content free statement. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 09:36:59
Pushing a 10% margin buy on the 24h low and a 10% margin sell on the 24h high with modifiers on amounts to retain an approximately 70/30 btc to usd split seems to actually work reasonably well as long as you just leave them in there and don't spend a ton of time stressing about them. I used to be a pure hold only position but I thought I would try raising my holdings by taking advantage of the volatility with the understanding that long term based on fundamentals there will be an underlying steady upwards trend. I am up 40 btc and 3100 usd pursuing this strategy which I validated on upwards trending random data first. 
It's quite the job to override human emotion though, I must say I kind of enjoy the challenge. Buy low sell high is a cliché but it actually works pretty well if you can suitably quantify high and low.
@_date: 2013-04-11 08:12:00
Bitcoin never stopped making sense, the fundamentals haven't changed, this is all psychology and humans being humans.
Bring it on, more fresh blood for anyone who knows that.
@_date: 2013-12-14 15:16:27
That's hilarious.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:22:11
Fight the power! (If that's like, your opinion, man)
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:24:48
I think the same about yours, you're like a fanatical defender of the divine right of Kings saying that when the monarchy is overthrown god will come down and make his displeasure known. There was no god, and this emperor has no clothes. They may try, but if they do they will fail and only sabotage themselves in the attempt. 
Politics doesn't write the rules of reality, it just tries to exploit them in order to arrange a distribution favourable to the politicians. They can't do that anymore, deal with it. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 13:16:22
A phone that you can use a web browser and email on properly but it costs a ton and lacks features less expensive phones already have? 
That'll never work, look it doesn't even support flash! If I want to use the web I'll just pull out my perfectly fine laptop. Only style obsessed hipster idiots would ever buy this phone.
A protocol that doubles as a global register of property, escrow system, global store of value, investment vehicle, secure global distributed document authentication service, and global payment mechanism?
That'll never work, its deflationary so it can't be used as an exchange of value, the governments of the world will surely band together and strangle it in the crib despite the fact it is specifically architectured to be immune to this fate. No I don't buy that nonsense about real free trade actually being beneficial to any nations, its all just a game we pretend to play so were not nuking each other to dust. The only people that would ever buy this are naive libertarian types with a loose grip on the hard truths of the modern world.
Besides I already have a fat stock portfolio and many government backed businesses and huge line of credit and lawyers and dedicated staff in all the other fields this addresses and they all work perfectly fine for me.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:47:42
Aha! So deflation and inflation apply to price, not monetary base. That was the source of my confusion. Thanks for clearing it up. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:48:28
Kinda don't want to cheerlead as I have a large fiat move in place to take advantage of the prevailing irrational pessimism. I dig preying on herd psychology. 
Carry on. The world is ending and all. You should all liquidate immediately it's the only sensible move because:
* here is a graph with an arrow just before a plunge from a peak. 
* tulips
* bubbles
* computers are not special
* math is not special
*  cryptography is not special
* why do you hate democracy
* the state is your friend
* chartalism
* THE STATE WILL DESTROY EVERYTHING
* not gold
* get off my lawn
* Mt gox. 
There are all the codewords right? Go along now and make like nice lemmings so I can profit from your fears. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:36:48
There are many altcoins catering to various other economic theories and or political positions. Bitcoin is winning, however. Perhaps the ideology you fear and despise is not so horrendous as you imagine and you are merely ignorant and a victim of propaganda. I would note that at one point in time atheism was viewed with the exact same level of contempt, horror and persecution. 
It was in fact a capital crime, now it is simply self evident that the divine right of Kings was self interested nonsense and the atheists were right all along. Ancaps have simply taken it one step further and made the observation that their heirs to power are playing the same game with a different god. It is nothing like the popular image of post apocalyptic chaotic brutality frequently attributed to it, it is simply a way forward out of the destructive and controlling grasp of the political class. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:26:56
Poe's law, it's my worst fucking enemy, everyone who I ever hit with it always mistakes my obvious sarcasm for assent. It's like Linus says; On the internet, nobody can hear you being subtle.
@_date: 2013-05-25 21:14:05
We'd all be dead of alcohol poisoning a thousand times over by now if we actually played this game.
@_date: 2013-02-18 05:04:12
Every time I've seen him make anything that could be interpreted as a suggestion to the problems he covers, he always goes straight to further state empowerment. Always asking for more rope for the state to take care of the evils of the market. I would be very surprised if he saw bitcoin as anything but a threat.
@_date: 2013-04-13 01:59:16
The answer can easily be both.
1) Because a currency is basically just a manifestation of distributed trust, effectively those who do not understand the cryptographic underpinnings of bitcoin (which is almost everybody) by direct knowledge can only test what they're told about it by direct use. 
1a) As these properties are verified by time and experience, usage will increase, the monetary base will grow and with that size will come less volatility.
1b) Estimating that with absolute certainty would be a good trick, If you want me to take a wild assed guess I'm going to go with an exponential increase in the exchange rate for all of market history, that trend appears to be holding fairly well for now. Chart a log graph for the entire market history on bitcoincharts.com to see what I mean. 
As for where that increase will stop and stability will finally come? I think possibly a good measure would be the fluid exchange volume from btc to fiat summed with the amount of people who choose to use btc as a store of value. 
It's also possible that cryptocurrencies in general may well be the death of rapidly debasing state backed fiat currencies entirely and the exchange rate will cease to exist because noone is willing to pay for those currencies as they are wildly inflated by their controlling institutions. In that situation, all markets currently denominated in fiat would need to be denominated in something else, meaning the demand for btc or other cryptocurrencies would be absurdly high indeed.
1c) Even I don't feel comfortable crystal ball gazing on that one.
2) Volatility is irrelevant for bitcoin working *now* because you can have superliquid exchanges by nature of the fact that it is a digital currency, prices can be denominated in an underlying stable currency and dynamically calculated to BTC at the time of purchase, merchants can instantly convert to fiat to the extent that they don't want exposure to the risk or volatility of bitcoin. 
2a) People are willing to hold bitcoins *now* as an investment in a growth market with the potential to be huge and world changing, after stability anyone will be willing to hold bitcoins as a simple store of value.
2b) Exchanges are playing nice with regulators, they are flimsy right now but a few minutes browsing this subreddit ought to show the depth of demand for something less so. Extensive development in this space is already underway and it will only become more stable with time.
2c) Long term, the superfluidity of a merchant service like bitpay may well not be anywhere near as important as it currently is, they may pivot their model instead to take more advantage of their easy access to bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-17 10:43:42
I bought in big at 4$ and followed the trends closely on the first big peak and crash. I followed a simple buy and hold strategy and had zero intention of ever exiting, and when it crashed down from the high and looked like it would never recover I thought that was the end of it, but I believed so strongly in the idea itself that I decided that even if the entire rest of the world didn't want it, I would not abandon it.
I had zero expectations of profiting from that stance, I believed it was just another manifestation of my unfortunate propensity for epic amounts of bullheadedness. It has taught me now to not second guess myself so hard, it doesn't matter what anyone else says or thinks, arguments from authority and the beliefs of other people are completely irrelevant as to the long term value and truth of most everything. Time consistently makes fools of all the pundits and talking heads.
Believe in yourself, and invest the appropriate amount in your personal education and skills that you can have complete and unshakable confidence that you are worthy of that belief. Anything less and you'll always just be living a shadow of someone else's life, and what they think the world should be like.
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:28:20
It doesn't have to be infallible, it just has to do what it says on the tin. Have you read the source? Are you a programmer? I have and I am. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 00:37:58


Then why do you find anarchocapitalism abhorrent? If you don't think it's reasonable for a state to restrict the trade of what can be extremely harmful substances, what exactly is it that a state is necessary for? You're clearly not just toeing the party line if you don't believe the state is acting as it should.
@_date: 2013-06-30 16:49:46
@_date: 2013-06-30 13:26:11
That's insane, if there wasn't a government to force the private contractors to deliver on their contracts, they'd just take the money and run. In fact, if there wasn't a government, there couldn't even be any money to begin with, it would just be a huge clusterfuck of cars in a post nuclear holocaust without roads and that's all there is to it.
As for the healthcare system, when the government pays for it, they create the money out of quantitative easing and give tax cuts equal to the amount they spend from that quantative easing to stimulate the economy to boot, it's like a double win. Critics claiming the inevitable result of policies like this is inflation are clearly fucking assholes because I looked just yesterday and gold is down a few hundred dollars an ounce.
Praise the lord and pass the democracy.
@_date: 2013-12-17 04:04:53
Print more money.
What? It's working so far.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:53:59
Nope, anarchocapitalism could not ask for a more perfect currency than bitcoin. I'm aware socialism has a large spectrum of ideas within it, but as they're all inherently authoritarian to some extent, that is the reason I can't accept it any way shape or form.
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:34:34
So basically, if you want to avoid this kind of thing, less argentina, more switzerland?
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:09:55
That works in so many more ways than it ought.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:07:34
Fair call, after 2020 it drops below 2%, and at that stage it's less than gold and people consider that "deflation" even though it technically isn't. However, we're still in inflation right now and will be for some time.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:30:08
It's amazing how someone so clearly intelligent and insightful can be so utterly blind to something so completely simple.
I also thought the end part where he was talking about how gold is an excellent store of value because one of the properties of it is that it is not vulnerable to manipulation like fiat currencies. I don't imagine I know anywhere near as much about gold as Schiff but how can he not be aware of [this] ( An attack which dilutes the market value of gold to which bitcoin is intrinsically immune.
@_date: 2013-09-13 14:54:25
It does raise an interesting avenue for exploration, however. For those of us who wish to preserve the right to free and anonymous speech, how do we offset the harms that result from it? I don't mean to say we should compromise the ability, but to the extent that things are done which offend almost the very core of what it is to be human like raping a child, making pornography out of it, and then selling the photos on the internet exploiting an avenue desperately needed to allow free and true speech with an effective shield, that's pretty close to amongst the worst things that can be done with that avenue.
Maybe selling snuff films might outrank it but it's pretty bad. So aside from actually compromising on the necessity of anonymous free speech, how can we address the issue? 
I'm always prone to try to attack these things with economics, perhaps a bounty system that is like a clone of the assassination market proposed by Jim Bell but instead of killing the targets, the aim is unmasking them? It's self policing to an extent, to be a target in the system, a lot of people must want to unmask you and the administrators of the system could have stringent guidelines for the entry into the target list that are transparent to all.
In order to not compromise on the actual security of the channel one would need to rely on evidence analysis, or compelling parts of the enemy supply chain to defect. The fact that there's a market for the content should indicate that the supply chain is vulnerable to such incentives, and the fact that it depicts things which happen in real life should indicate that it is vulnerable to the evidence inference angle of attack.
Alternative ideas? Modifications?
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:05:26
Thanks for the exact data. How did you get 12.514 for 2013? I got 11.945 (1314000 for the year / 110000000 base * 100)
Virtually zero is still not zero, meaning it's technically still in inflation until no more block rewards.