@_author: ethereumfrenzy
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:40:09
8 years ago = not long after the release of BTC. dao fork wasn't long after the release of the eth network. Kind of the same thing : new code comes, people do errors fast, and correct. On eth both chains still exist, showing that the forking mechanism works perfectly. Just happens that users actually want to follow the current developers of Ethereum in the vast majority. Probably can't say the same for BTC ... There is vastly more supporters of BCH vs BTC than ETC vs ETH because of this. And "Censorship resistant" is totally absurd... The mechanisms for forking is the same in both networks, period. You are trying to say "the humen beeing in our network are better than in yours".  This can and changes rapidly. So "censorship resistance" is pretty transient. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:53:29
At the protocol level, BTC and ETH are exactly the same vs "censorship-resistance". So you attribution of more censorship resistance to the BTC network must me based on something else, most probably the current participants in the BTC network vs those in the ETH network. I'm saying these users will most certainly change long term (especially if we get mass adoption), so this property will most probably change with it. So I'm claiming BTC's claim to censorship resistance long term isn't different than ETH's claim to censorship resistance long term. Also, if you look at how eth matured, there have been no fork to save the most 150 million lost in the Parity multi signature buggy contract. I believe this shows pretty well that the current users won't fork so easily now as in the first months of the network. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:41:20
Doesn't lightning network need a kind of deposit to work ? Just asking to make sure if I'm correct. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:58:55
Just to be sure : does this deposit need to be greater than your net amount dued to counterparties to work ? Or is the principle still safe if I open a channel with, say, 1 BTC deposit, but owe someone else 10 BTC ? If deposits can be lower than net amount due, I feel like this could work. Otherwise, not so convinced, as it would mean having a really big amount in the deposit, to a counterparty I need to trust ?
@_date: 2018-09-25 11:04:16
He's also pretty good in maths (won a bronze medal at the math olympiads), and managed to bring a team that delivered spectacularly. He's a great dev, but he's also very good at other things. 
@_date: 2018-09-25 11:05:39
You could invest in eth. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 20:58:02
You might be right. Unlike many other types of evil in the world, most people don't even realize Marxism is one at all... sad. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 11:35:41
I feel like this book must be full of bs, so I kind of don't want to read it. Maybe I should in order to understand what kind of nonsense it spews, so that I can argue with people for whom it is their bible. Feeling a mixed bag here. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 11:31:49
I hope this government goes down fast, so that Venezuelians can elect another government and get better lives fast.
In the meanwhile, at least diversify in crypto. It is a world (backed) currency. Help your loved ones non techie friends get some too. It could save their lives. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 16:33:48
True. But then, everyone who kind of criticises Nazism and who hasn't read the "relevant" litterature is in the same boat.
But my time is kind of precious. There are enough good theories (like science) running around to learn actually useful things. I kind of feel that reading somewhat "nonsense" just in order to refute it is a bit a waste of my time.
But then, I agree with you that I should let other people who actually know well how to argue about it do the debunking. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 16:45:40
You should read the context and the followup details. This quote out of context is misleading
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:06:09
Well explained :-)
@_date: 2018-03-21 19:23:23
I think that it was Bill Gates that said something like this "We overestimate what will change in the next year, but underestimate what will happen in the next 20" (numbers are wrong, but that was the gist). As a believer in the crypto space's future, I hope that you are currently succumbing to this bias. But hell, predicting the future is impossible. If it was so easy, there would be 0 volatility. We'll end up seeing who's lucky in the end :-). If you are into buying calls and puts on stocks, if you are not a professional but mathematically enclined, I would suggest you read the theory of no arbitrage. Once you get it, it really helps to understand at least theoretically what these options represent. Also, be careful of structured products (calls and puts are ok because quite liquid, but on exotic products, bank margins can be comfy )
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:03:26
I thought it was mostly countries that had a more flexible job market (could get fired easily, but could thus also get a new job fast as well), that had their economies crash fast but only for a small time and recovered fast, vs countries with less flexible job markets that just got a slow excruciatingly long crisis :-). 
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:06:02
What I mean by lack of hindsight, is that indeed, as you say, the people that could attack the network are those that bought a lot of eth when it wasn't worth much (like a few million $). However, they did not know at the time that the network would become so big now. If at the time, they had wanted to attack the "next big crypto project" they would have had to buy as much stake in "all" crypto projects that could have become the next bit network (or get very lucky), which would be much more costly. 
About asic prices. Let's imagine that btc crashes with a 90% drop in price, and that asic production stops. Then all the asics available are those in the market. As expected btc price will be around the spot price, the price to buy these second hand asics will be quite low. Lets imagine someone buys secretly 50% of the total supply at this time. Then btc price goes back up. This person can attack the network at this "reduced price", just as in the pos case. Indeed, producers could restart production of asics, etc, but am pretty sure that this would take time in practice. With POW, I agree that the cost of energy is quite stable, but I don't believe that Asics have a good reason to have a stable price. 
About hording. In most cases, I don't believe that people hord their crypto. This is because Utility functions are usually concave, so when someone sees his crypto value go up, he is more enclined to spend more money vs win some more. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:12:13
Mining Bitcoin, not some alts ?
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:45:59
Because they have a great dev team, tons of projects building on it, an ambitious and probably realistic scaling plan, relatively fast transfers, reasonably low fees, many people believe POS &gt; POW, and is currently the best platform for ICO. Also, I believe eth does around 4 times the number of transactions per day that btc does, without using dpos or another kind of partial centralisation. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:39:01
The point you seem to miss is that POW is probably even more beneficial to the rich than POS. In POS, if you have 2% of the whole money invested in staking, you'll have 2 times what one gets with 1%. In mining, because you get economies of scale, you'll get more than 2 times. POW is bad for the little guy. POS is neutral vs little or big guy. 
@_date: 2018-03-21 16:46:44
In the crypto world as it is currently, there seem to be good reasons for the current diversification. BTC simply doesn't fit all the needs. If you want anonymity, monero is much better. If you want fast transactions without using the lightning network, most other cryptos are better. If you want low fees, same. If you want on chain smart contracts, then you'll use ethereum. If you want something that has a relatively low volatility vs fiat, and can be traded against most other cryptos, or want to exchange with someone without minding the fees and block time (big transactions), or by using LN, then btc is good (although ETH is starting to be a contender here). In its current state, BTC doesn't achieve all these goals. Hence a good reason for competitors and diversification, even with network effects. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:22:30
These accusations are completely out of context. I advise you to see what Vitalik actually tweets. You'll see he's a really smart guy, and not at all a supporter of CP.
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:35:53
Worldwide, things are getting better for most people. Inequalities have only gone up at the local level. Also, its much more significant to look at life expectancy ( a metric that really counts in a human sense), or log(revenue), than wealth. If you own microsoft, sure you have huge wealth. Doesn't really mean you have a better standard of living. Your expenditures will probably better show that. And for the log bit : we talk about growth in%, life expectancy is correlated to log(revenue), not revenue itself, etc. So much better to take the log. Inequality metrics make much more sense then. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:38:45
1) Building slowly in a cutting edge field doesn't seem to be tech's history. When new fields are created, seems like beeing "good enough" to produce tons of stuff quickly has nearly always won over trying to build the "perfect" platform by taking tons of time. Because if your product solves real world problems, people don't want to wait years for your product to be finished. Also, you'll discover on the way tons of new problems to solve, etc, which might be more important than the problem of going from a "good enough" platform to "perfect". I'm pretty happy that computers were built quickly so that internet was built quickly so that btc was created quickly. 
2) Seems to me like we currently simply do not have a good way for securing the network. The most prominent approaches today seem to be 1) POW, 2) POS. 
POW also has tons of problems. Having something like 1 asic manufacturer is a huge risk (what if the government decides to nationalise NVidea for "security" reasons ? I bet that it could quite easily). Also, mining is in the hands of only a few because you do get size advantages in the mining industry : it is less costly to have 1 hashpower if you are a mining giant than if you are a small player. Finally, energy wise... It kind of sucks :-) (could also have centralisation in energy supply by the way). But for POW : currently, it works. 
POS has some problems, but I defend that it has less than POW. Sure, one huge owner can have a bad influence (like the 11% dao owner could have had). But, as in the case of the dao owner, seems like the network can hardfork quite easily if this becomes a problem. One common argument against POS is that world wealth seems to usually get non evenly distributed in the world (top 1% own something like 50%, etc). However : 1% of the world would still be tons of people : around 60 million. I don't believe that 60 million can collude. If it was around 20, I would be worried. But even if you take the 100 most wealthy people in the world today, they are far from having a significant part of the world's wealth. So long term, this doesn't scare me. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:11:58
These amounts are not significant enough to be the major source of revenue for developed countries. The graph shows opec oil revenues of around 1 trillion. The US alone has a gdp of around 15 trillion. So even if they got all the oil for free, it would at most make up 1/15 ≈ 6% of their economy. Not 0, but clearly not the main factor. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 22:47:47
The guys doing the maths understood completely that their models should not be used everywhere. The 2008 financial crisis was at first a house crisis: this part had nothing to do with the mathematical models. What was indeed a problem linked to poor understanding of the model usage was the fact that no bank took into account risks such as counterparty risks. This was mostly due to poor usage of the mathematical tools by banks. Not really the guys creating the models. Also, bad alignment of incentives really doesn't help (if you don't measure properly how much risk a trader is taking, you will clearly give him the wrong incentives). 
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:14:21
About the altcoin debate, depends on which crowd you are speaking to. To the crowd, anything but BTC is an altcoin. To the crowd, anything but BCH is an altcoin, but it's less pejorative. To people usually consider that ETH and BTC are not altcoins and that its ambiguous for BCH. For ETH, this can make sense because many other altcoins are now traded against ETH on decentralized exchange or have more liquidity against ETH than BTC, so ETH kind of becomes the base currency for these. Either ways, this whole altcoin = shitcoin is totally dumb. Many coins bring nothing to the table, many try to but never will, many will try and succeed, and some might lose their competitiveness. Am pretty sure that shells in africa used to be the local "real coins", but would now be considered pretty shitty coins by locals who want to pay for food :-). 
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:06:12
The assumption that only one crypto can survive seems quite presumptuous. I can't think of one tech that ever had 0 competition.  And as said by other people in other comments: competition is a good thing. Keeps power in check, and make people strive for a better product. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:40:16
Actually worse because of economies of scale that the little guy won't have vs the big guy. This is why you don't mine btc if you're not a professional
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:44:26
Hmm, I was actually afraid you had an argument justifying POS had a lower security than I thought, but I'm quite happy to see that I knew basically all of your arguments. 
1) crypto is volatile, so the cost of attacking the network is the min of all strategies of buying the coins in the past and having 33%/50% or more of the coins. True, but you can't guess if the network will be more valuable in the future or not. What you are saying is that I can now buy for around 30 billion $ in eth in order to attack in the future a market that might be 1 trillion $ worth. Sure, but no one has hindsight. Most people that would  want to attack a 1 trillion $ market would not have known that they should have bought 30 billion in the past. Also, holding 30 billion that you don't use is in average very costly because of interest rates. This should be taken into account for such long range attacks.
2) If crypto becomes mainstream, it wilk most likely become less volatile than the dollar (because it can be more international). Then the volatility argument goes sideways. 
3) Asic prices could also become very volatile. If the cost of producing asics stays the same, then depending on BTC's expected value, their price can go up and down significantly as well. Someone can accumulate asics exactly as accumulate the token and profit from the volatile price as well to do a similar long range attack. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 08:15:51
The other side thinks exactly the same about Bitcoin Core. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:17:56
1) Ok, I agree they should change the phrasing on their website. In truth, it's more a "will only change if the community actively tries to change it through a fork". In the grand scheme of things, this marketing simplification doesn't seem very important to me. Like most people say that in BTC the history of transactions can't change. It can, but it would mean mining another longer chain secretly some place else... The probability of this beeing really low, saying to the non expert that "the past doesn't change" seems "close enough" to the truth for me. 
2) Indeed, BTC do have smart contracts, but not as many can be built. I believe that Ethereum enable "more" smart contracts than btc, and that this is of value. 
3) Beeing able to invest money in any startup in the world seems like a real world problem to me. Sure, maybe this could be done in another way. But beeing able to do this "easily" is as important as beeing able to do it "technically". If creating ico's meant having to do harder developer work, or didn't "feel natural" in terms of user experience (colored coins), then it would limit startups that can afford this developer work, or investors that don't mind the bad user experience. Ethereum today seems to bring to the most popular way of doing ico's. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 22:59:22
It works until people say more and more no to big inflation and switch to some other currency or some other asset. From a utility perspective, people keep money because its the most liquid to trade other assets (your transaction costs would be way way higher with barter for example), and because they expect it to have somewhat "similar value" against the assets they'll need in the future. When choosing to keep cash vs some other asset, you always have this balance in utility (the other asset, such as a stock, probably has an average higher return, but higher transaction costs and doesn't follow well your spending needs vs other tradable assets). If you print money, you take part of its utility away, because its average return goes down (negative vs things like food, housing, etc). This means that people don't want as much cash. Because of this, its liquidity will also go down. Slightly at first, but if inflation gets really higher, the transactions costs can get much higher. Then, people will start using some other asset as a currency, and you have a quite sudden hyperinflation. Thej, your currency = 0 value :-). Of course, all of this is gradual. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:11:52
1) Could you explain how a cost of attack is lower with POW than with POS ? Am currently quite convinced of the contrary. Buying 50% or 33% of all the tokens of a network costs much more than the market price of the tokens because of market impact (in practice modeled as linear in the size of the order in financial markets, see the litterature on market impact). I don't see this with producing asics. 
Also, we are talking here about the total token value, something around 80 billion today for the eth network (hopefully much more in the future). For asics, you would need to buy/create around 33%/50% of the current asics used by the network, whose value are much lower than the value of the network itself  (renting value should be around current btc creation through inflation + transaction fee value). Also, we could quite easily imagine that a company suddenly has a breakthrough in Asic manufacturing, giving is a significant temporary edge in asics to put the network at risk. 
2) I believe  truebit, zk proofs, sharding, a "good" pos are probably as much on the edge as the projects you talk about. However, the more the research the better. 
Edit : yep, meant "lower with POS than with POW", as you correctly guessed. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:40:03
Wow, the comments here are so close minded. Seems like to this community, smart contracts bring 0 value. Also, Ethereum is supposed to be centralised because it has an influential founder. I want to answer to this. 
1) smart contracts do bring enormous value. One direct usecase are the tons of icos, which have disrupted the venture capitalist industry. I don't care if these startups are good or not. The fact that startups can now get capital from anyone anywhere on the planet instead of just a few venture capitalists located in the silicon valley is tremendously positive. Also, brings liquidity to these stocks, which was impossible for startups previously. Also, look at decentralized exchanges. This is so much better than the centralised alternative, and only possible through smart contracts. 
2) Yep, Vitalik is influential. But i bet that if Satoshi came back, he would even be more influential in the BTC community. Yeah, Satoshi disappeared lately. But he's probably still there some place. Also, prominent figures will always appear in a community. What happens 100 years from now ? Vitalik will be dead probably, as well as Satoshi. Who's to say that there won't be a more influential people in the BTC community than in Eth's ? Influential people change: nothing immutable here, as much in btc as eth.
3) Yep there was a hardfork in a project something like six months after its launch. Big deal. Did not change how the platform can be used. Just means that when somebody steals 11% of the total value of the network, the community mostly decided to fork him out. I don't care about this because for about every use case where I don't want the community to change the past of the chain, it still won't. Even for child porn it won't. Even for stealing 150 millions like in the last hack it won't. It will hardfork when a bug puts the whole project in jeopardy, like a 11% owner of the network will in a POS system. If a bug is found in BTC which makes someone change all the amounts owned by everyone on the btc network, will you all be for "immutability is king", destroying the whole network ? I bet you'll just hardfork the bug as well. 
4) Many of you seem to critic solidity because "it is bad, and that's why there are bugs". From a developer perspective, this is nearly always a bad comment. You will NEVER work with perfect tools, perfect languages, etc. This mindset doesn't help you build anything. What does is: yeah, its not perfect, but I can't still build stuff with this, so I'll build it anyway. Were the internet languages and protocols perfect at the beginning and still now ? Lol, not at all, full of crappy stuff. Didn't stop the internet. Same for native programs on pcs, phones, tablets. Always built from far than perfect tech. That's what cutting edge fields always look like. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:01:47
True. But the important fact is that this put the project in jeopardy, because a 11% owner of the whole network is pretty risky in a POS system. Imagine the American government decided to own 50% of the BTC mining rigs of the btc network, and could try to fork the network at any time. I'm pretty sure most of the btc users would be quite happy to change the mining algorithm so that the american government does not keep so much control of the network. Here, it was 11%, not 50%, so a tougher call, but it's the gist of it. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 19:13:13
If you want to get diverse opinions on POS security vs POW, I would suggest you read different reddits (r/Bitcoin, r/ethereum, r/bch, r/eos to name a few). Each crowd kind of preaches its own method.... Am sure there is much more to the debate than the arguments that we brought here. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:36:22
I feel you. However, just posted in this thread quite a few detailed arguments on centralisation, immutability, and security of eth vs bitcoin (I defend Eth mostly), and I must say that I did get some well thought answers, although i don't necessarily agree with them. But the "Vitalik is a vile communist marketer with -10 IQ" going around here is quite pathetic. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:19:31
Yep, most people from bitcoin don't get that you currently only need about 50 GB to have a full eth node. The 600 GB is if you want to have all the redundant data (not necessary even for a full node)