@_author: etotheipi_
@_date: 2012-03-30 01:42:35
Disclaimer: I'm the developer of Armory:  
Armory doesn't just do what you're looking for, it's *precisely* the reason I made it!  Copy Armory to the offline computer and create a new wallet.  Connect it via USB to a printer and print off a paper  backup -- which is a backup of all keys *ever* produced by the wallet (all private keys ever produced by the wallet are reproducible from those four lines).    Now, you have a completely anonymous wallet that has never touched the internet:  anonymous and 100% secure.
Even cooler:  you can create a watching-only copy of the wallet to put on your online computer.  Monitor the wallet from your online computer, generate millions of addresses, and confirm incoming payments.  Yet, if an attacker compromises your online system, they can't access your money!
And if you ever want to move the money.  Get a out a USB key and follow the directions for "Offline Transactions".  In a nutshell: the online computer creates the transaction, you take it to the offline computer to get a signature, then bring it back to broadcast it.
Also, if you have any private keys from other websites or services that you want to import, Armory has a very convenient dialog for doing so.  Just open up the target wallet and click on "Import Private Key."  It accepts all standard private key formats (including VanityGen and Casascius Physical Bitcoins)
NOTE:  Running Armory on the offline computer requires no special resources.  However, the online computer loads the whole blockchain into RAM and requires a system with 4 GB or more.  HOWEVER, this weekend I'm releasing a version for Linux&amp;OSX with no special RAM requirements, and hopefully Windows the following week.
Please contact me if you have any questions:  etotheipi
@_date: 2012-11-11 01:23:22
If you want to avoid all this silliness with specifying change, etc, you should use Armory the way it was intended:  create a new offline wallet, create your one-time paper backup (maybe a few copies), and **send your coins to that wallet**.   Now you're secure.
From there, you can create your watching-only wallet, take it to the online computer, and monitor the coins.  You can even use your watch-only wallet to generate new bitcoin addresses to receive payment directly to your offline wallet. Their private keys never touch the internet.
When it's time to move coins, press the "Offline Transactions" button and follow the directions.  You don't have to worry about change addresses, because change will go to another address in your Armory wallet which is already backed up.  *The change is a concern only if you imported the address to the offline wallet and did not backup that wallet*. 
If you import addresses, you have to back those up separately... which can be done but is unnecessary.  Armory is perfectly capable of generating cryptographically-secure addresses offline.
In reality, you didn't have to use bitaddress at all.  I understand the usability aspect of online services, but your goal here was to create "cold storage" -- which was precisely the purpose of Armory to begin with!
P.S. -- I am the author of Armory :)
@_date: 2012-11-29 20:58:32
Now that Beta is on the verge of completion, I am working on the new wallet format that will accommodate multi-sig -- including 2-of-2 transactions between PC and Android.  This means that all coins sent to addresses created by these special wallets, will require signatures from both your desktop and Android in order to be moved.  I'm sure I could do some kind of offline Android thing, but it's really hard to move data between a phone and computer without giving the phone internet access, or giving the computer filesystem access to the phone...
@_date: 2015-03-29 03:58:55
It's easily deployable for orgs that already manage their own DNS zones.  However, we envision in the future that people will be able to register wallet identifiers with an existing zone operator who will sign and host the zone record for them.  This would resemble the way most people use gmail, yahoo, etc, instead of running their own email severs.   Note that the IETF proposal is actually for a more-generic payment association scheme, not just for Bitcoin.  ACH, BTC and testnet-BTC are currently included, but the goal is to add more in the future (both crypto and non-crypto).
@_date: 2015-03-29 01:42:24
(Disclaimer:  I'm the CEO of Armory, leading the effort with VeriSign)
There's more to this than just putting static addresses into a DANE record.  We put together a comprehensive spec for a privacy-preserving wallet identity scheme, that allows one to create new addresses for every request, but prove that it is *mathematically related* to a given wallet, without revealing any other addresses or history.  Furthermore, it not only supports single-signature wallets, but multi-sig and even many types of exotic script types.  DNSSEC/DANE is just one mechanism for distributing these wallet identifiers, but one which we've come to believe provides a solid security foundation (it has major advantages over the SSL/CA infrastructure).  Our work with VeriSign is focused on merging these two concepts, though our wallet identity concept is separable from DNSSEC/DANE.  It can be used with any distribution method that users find secure.
For instance, if you are a company with a 3-of-7 wallet protecting your corporate funds, you can embed a single wallet identifier (fingerprint) into a DANE record in your DNS zone, and then create a proof for each unique payment request.  The sender can fetch the DANE record, and then use the proof to verify the address is linked to the company's wallet.  Neither the fingerprint nor any of the proofs reveal any other addresses or transaction history.   One of the goals of this effort was to enable people to send money based only on a known email or phone number, and know the money is going to the right place.
Even if an attacker compromises the address distribution server, there's no way for the attacker to create a proof for an address that diverts the funds to himself.  This cannot be said of a BIP70/BIP72 address distribution server that signs addresses with an SSL certificate:  if an attacker compromises that server, they also get the SSL certificate and can sign their malicious addresses with it.  This Armory-VeriSign spec is not signing individual addresses, it's mathematically proving that an address is linked to a long-lived identity which was signed once in a secure environment.
Here is the DRAFT spec.  There are a few optimizations missing, but the core of the protocol is there.   We hadn't anticipated this becoming public just yet, and were planning to start a round of community review next month.  
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:56:32
(Armory Dev Here) I was out of town for two weeks, and the issue cropped up one week in.  I didn't have stable access to internet and didn't even realize there was a problem until I got home today!  
The issue should be resolved now, for good!
@_date: 2013-03-11 06:52:04
Go for it!  Recommendations for improving it are welcome, too!
@_date: 2013-08-28 20:47:09
(Armory dev here)
Yeah, things have been slow.  Lots of distractions, but still lots of development.  We're actually about to replace the entire webpage with something much slicker and prettier.  That should give a good indication that things are still moving forward!  :)
As quantabytes pointed out, all development has been happening on a separate branch, which doesn't update the main github page.  The changes are basically a complete overhaul of the underlying blockchain utilities, but I'm doing so to benefit about 30 different functionalities I want to implement in the future.  Things like compressed keys, multi-sig, P2SH, arbitrary scripts, arbitrary balance lookup, and a [better] daemon mode.  Those will all be much easier to implement when I finally finish this upgrade!
You can follow the Armory thread on bitcointalk as Kupsi linked.  I tend to post updates there on my progress.  I actually posted a breakthrough last week about passing some really rigorous unit-tests, but then later found out that SatoshiDice crushed the new design, due to some misdirected optimizations in the first round.  This second round should be complete in the next couple days, and I can start integrating the new stuff into the GUI. 
@_date: 2013-03-10 20:46:21
I'm tooting my own horn here, but I am actually quite pleased with my own description that I came up with on the [Armory FAQ](
What is this “Bitcoin” thing all about?
Bitcoin is a digital currency system which does for money what email did for communication.  Using an ingenious blend of cryptography and peer-to-peer networking, it allows for near-instantaneous transfer of wealth over the internet, securely, in any quantity, for less than $0.01 in fees.   Additionally, the mechanism by which Bitcoins are created guarantees that it cannot be faked or counterfeited.  No banks or governments can devalue the currency by printing more of it.  The entire schedule of Bitcoin generation was publicly announced in 2009 and cannot be changed.
What makes Bitcoin unique from other digital currencies is that there is no central authority — a property that experts previously thought was impossible for any currency system.  The network is maintained simultaneously by all users of it at any given time, driven by a mathematical algorithm that ensures all users can agree on the ownership of all Bitcoins at all times without a central clearinghouse — even in the presence of slow network connections and malicious users.  The software that accomplishes all this is 100% open-source, meaning that it can be audited and tested by anyone in the world with the technical expertise to do so.
In many ways, Bitcoin resembles gold:  there is no central issuer of gold, and there is a limited amount of it in the world.  It has value because people are willing to trade other things of value for it.
Put all this together, and you have a currency system with an unmatched level of transparency, efficiency, incorruptibility and theoretical stability.  Using Bitcoin is like being able to send gold bars over email — but much more secure than email!
However, Bitcoin is still in its infancy, so its actual stability is quite volatile until infrastructure is built up around it and the economy starts leveraging it for its these unique qualities.  For this reason, Bitcoin should be considered somewhat experimental, and any money invested in Bitcoins should be treated the same as other “high-risk” investments.