@_author: euclidsrevenge
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:04:49
BTC's market share is due to being first to the scene, it really means very little to the future.
Bitcoin is vulnerable to the 51% network attack (by government sized entities) inherent with a proof-of-work only approach. That security flaw has been significantly minimized in a very significant way at least once that I can recall (I'm not here to debate which coins are better, only stating that different approaches have improved upon where Bitcoin started).
Sorry, I tripped on the semantics of processing vs confirmation. From a point-of-sale point of view processing a transaction ends with confirmation ... and confirmation speeds are highly relevant and what I was referring to (I had thought it obvious).
All this says nothing to other approaches that provide more perceived value in other ways (ie being greener, more accessible, contributing to research) ... there are certainly a variety of incentives that make other coins attractive and preferred, given the consumers preferences ... and that was the point you raised on incentives that I addressed.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:27:13


Being more accessible is an objective measurement.  The cost of entry to mining Bitcoins effectively is to high with the specialized hardware required to compete.  Meanwhile other coins compete at an accessible GPU level, and even still others compete at a CPU level and is open to people even on laptops.
Also, if you can't see the advantages in some situations that a speedier confirmation can have in a point-of-sale environment, then I don't know what to say to you.
The problem with the fanboy attitude to cryptocurrencies is that they come with the optimism of how will my chosen coin succeed ... and leaves out the question, how will my coin eventually fail.  
All coins will fail eventually due to the success of the next next-gen coin.  Not a hard concept to grasp.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:46:36
Honestly, I have zero holdings in any cryptocurrency and have only been following it from the sidelines.  But I don't see how people think there's a future with bitcoin, or any crypto that puts out reduced mining awards for greater equipment investment as time increases.
This model of most cryptocurrencies to massively reward early adopters seems far to susceptible to pump and dump behavior.  Maybe I'm missing something, but the only future I see is hopping from one coin to the next.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:24:21
If you think that the infrastructure being built to accommodate the BTC won't also be adaptable to accommodating several other cryptocurrencies, I believe you are widely mistaken.
ATM's and point-of-sale transaction services that cater to a variety of cyrptocurrencies would surely be the most profitable route.  The infrastructure will be there for all popular cryptocurrencies in the end, as it should be.
With the infrastructure being a non-issue in the long game, the remaining aspect of providing motivation to use another coin (as you suggest) has already been met.  Some coins are faster at processing, some have more agreeable transaction fees, some are more secure, some are easier to mine and are less centralized by big players with specialized hardware, some are more eco-friendly in using less energy for processing, and some even contribute philanthropically to research projects just from the sheer act of mining and processing transactions ... so when you say that a new coin would have to do what BTC does+more, that's already been done in various different ways.
BTC will likely have an infrastructure advantage in the short term, but that will quickly evaporate entirely ... leaving it open season for any worthwhile coin to take the lead.
Edit: to address ... "Then consumers would need to decide (in unison) to avoid using 'the easiest and most widely used' crypto currency in favor of getting and using this new coin. Users don't follow miners, the miners will follow the users."
Unity isn't required, It can (and will likely be) a piecemeal and gradual decline until the cost of operations vs reward leaves to small of a profit margin (or dips into the red altogether) and miners search for their profits elsewhere.  When the professional miners leave one coin that is to time/energy intensive ... the hobbyists won't have the tools built into their computers to accommodate the increased difficulty of the blockchains in a speedy fashion, the slow transactions due to the exodus of miners would cascade the deterioration of the coin into a freefall collapse ... just like a run on a bank.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:54:23
That's an overly-simplistic view, and here's why.  There is value in everyone being on the same page for internet protocols, there is not the same value for everyone to be on the same coin when the infrastructure allows for multiple coins.
And as I've said, users can't function without the miners ... and miners will go where there's profit to be made.  
To think that BTC is now and forever where the profit is to be made in the face of perpetually rising costs in the mining arms race for more and more diminished returns, i think, is the height of ignorance.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:43:53
I personally don't think a coin will overtake the BTC until well after an actual infrastructure is in place that multiple crypto's can equally use just as easily on a daily basis ... and that's probably relatively far away.  5 years optimistically? Maybe 10?  I don't know.  
All I know is that we are constantly innovating, and since the BTC has no built in intrinsic value ... it can and will be replaced by a better model eventually.  Coins may have relatively long 20 year lifespans for all I know, but I'm damn near certain 50 years from now no one will be using BTC in a meaningful way.
For the monied interests, I'm not aware of anyone invested in BTC in a way that can't simply switch coins if one is perceived to be better is on the rise ... in fact I imagine the hedge fund types will be ready to do just that, if not aim to spur it along to ride the next wave.  
There is no BTC company that is lobbying or trying to protect its interests from competition, so the resistance in the long term appears to be quite minimal ... from my perspective.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:00:06
Dogecoin is probably the worst of the bunch in terms of longterm viability.  I expect that coin to fail well before BTC (for the very reasons I stated about miners).
But goodluck with your blind assumptions. If you maintain a fanboy attitude when the BTC does eventually decline (years down the road), it will cost you.
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:52:15
I am not missing the fact that the BTC has ballooned recently in BTC-to-fiat trading, that's part of my point. 
I'm looking long term (several years down the road), and there's no inherent reason that BTC should be any more desirable than many of the newer cryptocurrencies (some of which have been shown to be objectively better in terms of speed, energy efficiency, security, and/or being more democratic) ... it's simply an issue of popularity keeping the BTC prices up.
When popularity shifts (and it's just a question of time) to some other cryptocurrency (that has taken advantage of the infrastructure BTC helped to create), the BTC balloon will deflate past the point that it is no longer profitable to mine and run the transactions ... and then the BTC will collapse with the outpouring traffic going into some other next-gen coin.  
The next-gen coin will be popular for a while, and then that coin would ultimately be replaced as well in an endless cycle over time.  
With the current model in play, the winners are going to be those that spot the new favored coin(s) and ride the wave and seeing when the old coin is about to rupture and getting out before it does.  Simply pointing to the BTC-to-fiat bubble is, i believe, short term thinking.