@_author: eunomios
@_date: 2019-04-12 21:21:48
Why exactly does someone have to shill for "Russia"?
Also, when you say "Russia" - whom exactly do you mean?
Since you brought up "Russia" - can you explain why Russia is to be seen as an enemy / antagonist to the U.S.A. ?
@_date: 2019-04-12 23:26:43
Wasn't a troll inquiry. People like yourself throw around this cold war esque narrative about "Russian" interference within U.S. government.
I'm asking that you elaborate, because your idea/comment is massively ambiguous. Quite frankly, it comes off as just propaganda narrative garbage that is meant to take up space in the minds of those who'd rather not honestly think about reality.
Your response thus far doesn't answer any of those questions that would clarify your accusation. Why would an individual want to "shill for Russia" - What is "Russia" in the context of that (clearly the mass of individuals in the Russian Federation and its citizenry are not in some giant collusion against U.S.A. politicians) - Lastly, what exactly makes "Russia" some bad villain in your reality? Are they not their own sovereign republic now - Aren't Russian citizens given the chance to vote on their policies through representation just like the U.S.A.?
@_date: 2019-04-03 02:56:45
The best paying skill sets are not taught in "school".
If you are getting a paid ride: do it.
If you are accepted into a 1%er program: do it.
Everything else is better learned outside of school without debt, or in a trade school.
Working a mediocre paying job and living frugally (invest large sums into long term assets or physical assets) is the best financial method anyone who is not blessed with inheritance can make! 
You will die someday. 
@_date: 2019-01-12 07:44:28
The yellow jackets aren't at odds with "Banking" or the idea of "Banking" - but rather the corruption presently in the system they have available to them.
Revolution is hardly Immature or Petty. The risks prior generations took to invoke a little "chaos" have afforded great living standards; in which many, I am sure you enjoy in your life.
"...majority of the world currently uses to PRESERVE wealth" - What majority of wealth has centralized banking preserved? Wealth Stratification has really only gotten terribly worse since industrialization managed to bring the masses into comfort - and it's mostly the 99% getting eased downward.
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:58:20
You might not be paying upfront.
Transaction Fees charged to Merchants, however, end up being a cost factored into retail and sale. Therefore, SOMEONE pays at some point for your benefits. Just as you pay more for things for another persons benefits.
Nothing is ever for Free. You should know this!
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:53:57
What you suggested was not my thought process at any time. I would dare argue MOST "buyers" did not have this thought process either. 
In fact, you are just insulting - not contributing. That I would call childish.