@_author: eupraxia1
@_date: 2013-05-22 10:16:50
You are the only sane person on this thread.
@_date: 2013-05-22 10:27:24
Grow up.
@_date: 2013-05-22 10:34:40
On purpose.  They absolutely are.  There is a huge difference between a hundred thousand dollar Israeli or American smart bomb aimed at a man who we can probably even name as opposed to Hamas (palestinian's elected government, though everybody chooses to ignore that fact) firing a salvo of rockets into Israeli population centers on purpose because their suicide bombers can no longer get through (the wall). 
 Did you even know that Israel has tried many times to turn the Gaza strip over to Egyptian authority but Egypt refuses them because they know that not taking control makes Israel look like an occupying power over something they don't want?
@_date: 2013-05-23 03:49:52
Excuse me.  Did I say that we didn't occasionally miss with one of our incredible weapons and accidentally hurt somebody else?  Yes.  We have killed some people that were not the actual target, and in many cases that is a bad thing.  But the differences are that that is not our intention and those that are sometimes killed for being near are very often on the wrong side themselves as was almost certainly the case with Abdurlrahman Alwaki, (I appreciate that you tried not to bring his last name into this to hide the fact that he was the son of, materially providing aid to, and likely heir to his father who was an absolutely unabashed terrorist).


Grow up, boy.  People who call themselves the 'soldiers of islam' and who have been observed in secret by the CIA, NSA, and/or through drone cameras committing terrorism do not deserve the same level of legalalities that casey anthony received.  They do not deserve to have us risk soldiers lives to bring them in, they do not deserve to use our own compassion against us, and they do not deserve to cause us to burn our informational bridges in an open courtroom as a part of their perverted defense.


If you truly believe that our country is actually doing this, in exactly the way that you describe, then you are a very sick individual indeed.