@_author: eurofox
@_date: 2015-02-10 05:14:49
Ok, I'm a noob and know practically nothing about bitcoin and have no idea what "to be on chain" means for example, so just downvote and forgive me if I'm saying bullshit now. BUT:
I would NEVER use any form of money for anything that becomes worthless after 3, 6, or a 100 months. I expect my money to be money and that means I can buy a car or a coffee with it, anytime, instantly. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 05:02:19
So your argument is "But this other system sucks too."? Great way to convince noobs like me. NOT.
@_date: 2015-02-10 05:01:04
LOL. Look, I don't know shit about bitcoins. I have never owned one, but I'm interested since a few years, so I'm having a look at this sub from time to time. Now someone raises, what seems to me, en *essential* concern about the future of Bitcoin, and the top voted answers are "But but but other transactions also are slow.", "One day account, not gonna listen lalalala." and you saying "Stop with your concern trolling."  
Really man, lol. These are answers I would expect from religous zealots if I ask how god is going to handle the climate change or something. This is it for me. Goodbye Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-10 08:30:55
I'll try to answer to your points:
1. I do not know if it's an essential concern. I really am a noob here. That's why I added "what seems to me". It still seems pretty essential to me, because how could such a system gain worldwide acceptance, if you don't, please tell me why not?
2. I don't get what this has to do with my posting or OP's. I did not know Buttcoin, and after a first quick look I think it's stupid. I'm sorry, but I'm not here for fun and jokes but for investment ideas. I did know the other two subs, but how this "balances out the whole" I really do not understand. Are you, serious question, excusing the potential toxicity of this sub with the rationality of these other two?
3. I did click the links. I practically did not undersatnd a word, I don't know these people, have no computer background and, as stated, know very little about bitcoin at all. "A little research" won't help me understanding this, and even if it would, I'm not really willing to go that way, I want to get my money someplace save and profitable, not get into tech-details. I'm here because I'm looking for investment opportunities, which maybe was a basic mistake.
I do not see him answering the concerns, not at all, sorry. Maybe he did, but I don't get it.
4. I'm not OP, so no one suggested I'm concern trolling here, until you came along.