@_author: evalescere
@_date: 2016-09-29 10:18:01
this is great and i was excited at first to have something to send to friends about bitcoin but he never satisfactorily answers the issue of security. and the same thing happened on the joe rogan podcast.  yes banks get hacked but you get your money back. you lose your credit or bank card and you get a new one.  someone steals your bank card and cleans out your account and you get your money back.  with bitcoin it seems you either risk it on a public exchange or risk it under your mattress.  there's less peace of mind.  that may be acceptable for the unbanked billions but for the advanced economies it seems kind of medieval. i think its a huge impediment to widespread adoption as a currency.  i'm sure someone will come up with a solution at some point and make a billion dollars but for now it seems very much like a tech nerd hobby.  like the internet in 1987.  for me, he needs to at least address this problem head on instead of skirting around it like he is covering it up or, worse, is unaware  of it. i can't send this to my friends, its such an obvious issue.
@_date: 2016-09-29 15:35:13
i'm not saying there aren't fairly secure ways to store it if you are smart and imaginative but for most people in the westernized world credit cards and banks give you much more peace of mind.  i mean, in your case, what if there's a fire?  which means you have to have copies at another location which is a hassle for many people.  also hiding numbers works fine while nobody has bitcoin but imagine if everyone was keeping all their banked currency at home.  home invasions would skyrocket.  there's so many problems with the security at this point in development.  
@_date: 2016-09-29 18:14:30
we can probably survive without banks, as billions already do.  enslaved may be overstating it.  slaves don't have a choice to leave.  we can leave the banks, as AA is demonstrating.  Its just that its hugely inconvenient and very risky to do so.  I think we are heavily dependant on banks.  as we are cars and sewage systems and the internet and the power grid etc etc.  that's just what happens in modern society.  at least, that's how most mainstream people would see it.  so selling bitcoin to them as a means of escaping one of the many modern systems of 'enslavement' is probably not going fly.  at least not with the people i would like to send that video to.
@_date: 2016-09-29 15:29:24
absolutely, bitcoin is amazing.  but its so unappealing to the mainstream because of the limitations I mentioned.  i do believe it will get addressed and solved many ways at some point.  it has to or it will always be niche as currency / store of value