@_author: evebitda
@_date: 2016-01-16 02:12:17
Not even a little. Bitcoin will never by a country as its currency because the central banks can't use inflation to keep debt at bay. I've got bad news for you guys, Jamie Dimon is 100% on the money with what he said.
@_date: 2016-02-24 00:07:19
Time out. Everyone here always talks about the future of Bitcoin because it manages to avoid the regulatory woes that come with being treated as a currency. Now is for having Bitcoins regulated as a currency? I don't understand.
This isn't Japan accepting Bitcoin as the future of money, this is Japan saying regulatory framework will act to prevent another Mt Gox. This is opposite of what the majority of users argue is the catalyst to an increase in Bitcoin's value. This sub is confusing.
@_date: 2016-02-24 04:20:11
If you don't understand the rationale behind cash (and potentially Bitcoin in the future) being the preferred asset of choice among criminal enterprises I'm not sure what to tell you. You aren't doing yourself any favors by ignoring that reality. Whether regulations should be put in place to discourage the facilitation of crimes via cash (or Bitcoin) is a matter of opinion. I personally disagree, but that's what's being discussed.
You shouldn't be scared of them regulating Bitcoin right now, you should be scared of the removal of the $100 and €500 bills from circulation. If it becomes difficult for criminal enterprises to conduct business using smaller bills it's quite likely the next jump will be to cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. If Bitcoin sees widespread use as a medium for criminal transactions and a way to launder money that is when you need to start worrying about regulation of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:00:19
You got me, I'm a sheep. There's actually no crime or money laundering in the world once you legalize drugs. The man is just trying to hold you down by taking $100 and €500 bills out of circulation to infringe on your rights and expand the reaches of the global financial system to all facets of society.
Thanks for enlightening me!
@_date: 2016-02-24 01:26:55
Are you sure about that? That's like saying the USD can't be regulated because cash is anonymous. You'd be correct in a sense, I mean [there is a base already advocating for the abolition of the $100 bill due to its use in crime]( and [the €500 note is almost certainly going the way of the dodo bird]( These currencies are so popular among criminals and money launderers because they make transactions easy and efficient. What happens if Bitcoin suffers the same fate of being associated with criminal enterprises?
You don't think that the government could regulate Bitcoin transactions in the same way they regulate USD transactions? Why not? Theoretically nothing stops a legitimate business from taking cash apart from government regulation, just as nothing would stop a legitimate business from accepting bitcoin transactions apart from government regulation.
Think for a second, and I mean think outside of the echochamber that is this subreddit. Government regulations never have to target Bitcoin itself, the regulations can simply target legitimate businesses that accept Bitcoin. What if they create a framework similar to the current banking system? I can't walk to the Mercedes dealership with $100,000 and come out with a new Mercedes while still remaining anonymous. The dealership will take down your information and report the transaction to regulators. How does one propose Bitcoin avoid this? If it becomes regulated my guess is it would have the same restrictions as cash, and perhaps there will be financial institutions for Bitcoin storage the function as a regulatory authority in the way that banks do.
Anyway, that's my two cents. I'm sure many here will disagree. Without regulations I can't see Bitcoin becoming ubiquitous as a currency except among black market participants. 