@_author: evelynneedscoffee
@_date: 2019-07-26 06:51:55
I can see where your sentiment comes from and yes in the end VAT is immaterial to a person of immense wealth. But isn’t it a step forward from now where they’re currently not paying anything? And isn’t an extra 12k in the hands of working class and below also a step forward? Going back to a tax credit to benefit the working class, I’m not sure where the funding would come from. VAT -&gt; UBI just makes sense to me. All Americans will pay it, all will reap the rewards.
@_date: 2019-07-26 01:11:45
I’m confused as to how no taxman can take from the rich? That’s exactly what UBI will do. Unless by unproductive you mean this rich person literally does not consume anything... VAT isn’t only on the end customer end but it’s every step of the supply chain. When it does get to the end customer however, it’s the rich person that will be paying the most (as in bulk). Yes it’s unfortunate that Bill Gates and software/ tech companies have unfairly high profit margins and yes our income tax system is broken. VAT is different though you can’t consume from our economy and not pay it. Unless in an extreme case where someone rich would just constantly fly out of country to purchase goods duty free but that’s quite a hassle and I don’t think rich people are too concerned with an extra 10% sales tax...
@_date: 2019-07-25 22:31:57
Which is why I started out by saying "I'm not sure if he's demonstrated an understanding of Bitcoin specifically"...
@_date: 2019-07-25 20:08:31
I think you're misinterpreting what I describe as a net transfer of wealth... this is not like communism where you pile everything and then redistribute "equally". With UBI funded by VAT, the wealthy person who spends 200K a year on luxury items will pay 20K in VAT, receive 12K UBI and have a let loss of 8K. A middle class worker who spends 10K a year on luxury items will pay 1K in VAT, receive 12K in UBI and have a net gain of 11K.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:52:26
I'm not sure if he's demonstrated an understanding of Bitcoin specifically but he did give a talk at Consensys a while back so he definitely is familiar with the crypto community. He talks about the potential of blockchain and how he would like you utilize it in his presidency (one of his potential use cases would be for voting). He has a proposal regarding clearer guidelines regarding crypto transactions because he believes that if people are willing to report (which a good amount of people actually are), they should have a clearer framework to work with. As someone who 1) trades crypto 2) works in tax, I would greatly appreciate it.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:46:14
He won't be the one paying it but instead it'll come from cash already circulating within our economy, specifically as a net transfer of wealth from the rich to the poor. You can read more about the math behind it here:  [
@_date: 2019-07-25 22:28:55
Income taxes are literally not regressive but figuratively I can see where you’re coming from. The tax code leaves a lot of grey area and a lot of times the rich are able to exploit that and get away with paying very little taxes. I think it’s also important to consider WHY UBI? What is Andrew Yang trying to solve? His proposal for UBI is largely in response to the 4th industrial revolution and the impact that it can have on our economy when truck drivers, retail workers, call center workers, etc. (Heck even my job as an accountant) get displaced due to automation. It’s meant to 1) soften the blow and 2) allow for Americans to share in the economic gains of tech/ large companies. The freedom dividend is exactly what it sounds like. It basically makes Americans shareholders in our economy. I like the fact that it’s for everyone and doesn’t alienate any group. However if you look at the math, the rich will actually experience a net loss while the poor experience a net gain... so it’s definitely meant to help the middle working class and below. Also from a logistical view, it’s easier when you don’t have to put a lot of effort into regulating it. Also going back to tax being a gray area (source: I work in tax) I’m sure people would love to exploit it if it were a benefit. I’m not sure why you view it as trickle down when it’s actually trickle up. The beauty of it is that this extra cash gets recirculated back into the economy. And no I don’t think rent and living costs will rise above a reasonable amount because 1) competitive market 2) people having more bargaining/ negotiating power.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:41:45
His plan is to fund UBI using a VAT. VAT is a regressive tax in nature so yes, generally those who are poorer are more negatively affected since they would be paying the same fixed rate as those who are rich. HOWEVER, he does not plan on assessing a VAT on basic necessities but more so on luxury goods. So that rich person buying private jets and boats will indeed be funding it. In the end, VAT is essentially a net transfer of money from the rich to the poor. Do the rich spend over 10k on luxury items? Most likely yes. Do the working class and poor spend over 10k on luxury items? Most likely no. We will definitely be the ones to gain from this. And I would rather pay an extra sales tax on goods to get extra pocket change that I have ownership over rather than pay higher income taxes to the government and let them do what they want with it, which is essentially what you get with the other candidates.