@_author: eventualcupcake
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:56:07
Often a single use. In my case, a "friend" dropped 1 drop of LSD in a drink in a party as a surprise. I never smoked, I never drank a single drop of alcohol - not even in social events. I have no idea what it even feels like, because I am completely against drugs. Not against who use, but it is not my thing. I like sports, I like running, I like keeping my body healthy and fit and I don't need drugs to feel pleasure. But I live in a sick society where drinking is cool, where the legalization of a drug is apparently the most important/urgent problem we have and where people can spit drugs in someone else's drink and that is considered a gift.
Needless to say how much upset I am and will always be about it, but I control my anger as that will not lead to anything positive. It was not a bad intention, he didn't mean to cause all that.
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:32:38
The disease is called HPPD. There are really few people working on it. I'd say there are less than 5 dedicated researchers right now, if there is any at all. I only know aboud Davic Kozin. There is a community called "hppdonline" but it is offline right now. I don't need an specific amount, I just want to do it 24/7 for as long as I can breath. I don't spend much with that lifestyle, I just need to eat and pay the bills. Around $30/day * 360 days = 10.8k to go through 1 year. I have no idea what the cure might be, but I have some idea on the approach I will take.
The programming language is a tool I would be using to execute freelancing jobs really fast. Fast enough so I can accumulate the money I need. I can explain it with details if you want, but there is much to it... do you?
Anyway, I just noticed this is not allowed so I must delete the post. If you are willing to help let me know. I can PM my name and additional info...
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:36:33
I didn't know that subreddit. I'll be posting it there and deleting this post, thank you!
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:34:10
It is computer engineering and that is what I am trying to do, make as much money as possible. I am creating a DSL just so I can execute freelancing jobs as fast as it is humanly possible. I could explain with details if asked but it is quite a history. 
The disorder is called HPPD.
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:50:41
Creating a DSL means creating a programming language intended to a very specific purpose. Well, that is not quite true as what I am doing is actually a general purpose programming language, but I prefer to avoid that term since it is considered pretentious on the field. 
I agree with you, and that is my only worry. I am confident about my plans and about what I am doing. To be honest, I do believe that the programming language I am creating is vastly superior to anything in the market and I am only so secure of that because I spent the last 5 years locked in a room, programming 24/7 in a total of more than 20k hours, so I know every single language out there as my own house. But then I have a bad vision day and I get really anxious. What if I suddenly turn blind? What the heck would I do? What is even the use of everything I learned if I can't read? 
This is one of those days and is why I'm here right now. Reading is kinda hard today, the compiler logs are so verbose, they are giving me headaches. I'm not in the mood for all that today, so I just allowed myself to have a little pause and started writing that thread/rant/whatever... tomorrow is a new day, though. Everything starts again. I hope I wake up better.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:04:17
Yes! That happens quite often, you can see that browsing the site I mentioned, hppdonline (though you must wait for it to be back online). That was the absolute worst experience in my life. It is frightening, it is terrible. I have no words to describe what that day was. Just remembering it makes me wanna cry, and I never cry. I woke up the next day and the first thing I did was looking outside to check if everything was normal and it was not. I could see duplicates of the light coming out of my curtain burnt on my vision, all around my room. I could see the logo of the sites on my computer on the wall of my room. From that moment I knew it would never go away. I didn't know what was going on, though. It took a lot of research until I found out a name. Finding that community was a gift. I finally understood what was happening, and it is one of the reasons I managed to get over it. 
Guess I am talking too much, sorry.
Edit: no worries, anyways. Things are much better right now, my only worry is the one I mentioned and I am totally following what you said and preparing myself for the worst. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:17:55
Ah, sorry, English is not my native language. Exactly. Anyway, glad to hear it went away. Why you worry specifically about those?
Also, guess I am going to sleep soon, tomorrow is a long day... thanks for the words. Please let me know if you need anything upon my reach. Good night!
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:11:47
"Getting a gig"?
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:35:48
Yea, I guess I won't get much sympathy, but it doesn't cost anything to try, right? Thanks for the nice words, I am always working and I hope some day I will able to bring positive news to those who suffer from the same disorder.