@_author: everett_hayne
@_date: 2018-09-25 07:05:35
Yeah but what about spending it? We've gotta start using it for daily needs. That cornerstore that Uncle Sam runs? Ask him to accept bitcoin. Your landlord wants rent? Send it to his account in bitcoin. Gotta pay for tuition? Use your bitcoin.
Spending it improves its utility. Then you can brag to all of your friends that you paid for tuition with bitcoin, and they'll want to join too.
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:25:01
Yeah just like those monstrous fines that companies like Google get for violating our privacy. These fines won't stop them from continuing their modus operandi of taking advantage of consumers for their profits. That's how the system works--do everything you can to expand your bottom line. If not, you fall off the S&amp;P 500 and into the depths of forgotten companies. 
Start asking your local businesses if they take bitcoin. Not the companies, the mom &amp; pop stores. If they hear someone ask enough times, they'll google it (oh the irony) and figure out that it won't cost them anything to maintain. 
@_date: 2018-09-30 18:55:53
Hard to say now because sentiment is quite mixed. One one hand we have good news coming through BAKKT and other kinds of adoption getting more and more frequent. The technicals show building momentum to the upside. Overall anticipation is building as the floor seems to have been found and people who missed the last run are getting in cautiously. 
But there's also the risk of banks and countries that don't allow it. This may only be temporary because they will recognize that they can make a bunch of money from taxes and fees, but that act alone makes people worried. New investors want to see it getting the green light from major institutions to not be afraid of losing their money.
@_date: 2018-09-28 16:38:20
Yeah let alone the head of a company that would profit immensely off another crypto feeding frenzy. He would love to have the price go that way (well, who wouldn't) and says this in hopes of building up the hype. And, if it does go that way, people will be more inclined to trust his exchange (not that it's a bad one, I trust it more than others). 
But the thing about predictions, if you don't own it, you shouldn't open your mouth about it. No one has a chance at predicting something, but at least you are accountable for your predictions when you own the thing you're talking up or down.
@_date: 2018-09-22 21:22:10


Yeah this is what got me puzzled. How on earth is she going to spend those bitcoins in China? The government's got that financial system on tighter lockdown than Alcatraz. Unless she's going to exchange them with people for WeChat or AliPay money, she'll probably never find places that take it directly. All I can say is good luck, and don't make too much noise or the government will lower your "social credit", or maybe even just disappear you. 
@_date: 2018-09-24 09:10:23
Yeah that's what happened with me. Got blocked, called them, no transaction, got a verification call 20 min later, approved it, charge still didn't go through. Had to call back and do it again with them.
I'm glad that they are protecting me. They should be looking at transactions like this just to be careful. But this could all be automated through safe cold wallet practices and protection of private keys. 