@_author: everettforth
@_date: 2017-03-23 22:36:58
Thanks for pointing that out! I didn't know that.
@_date: 2017-03-23 20:55:26
Hi, I'm the one that made the comment.  I said that in maybe 30-50 years, we don't know what will happen when block subsidy is no longer 90% of the fees that miners collect, like it is today.
Specifically, I was referencing this paper: "On the Instability of Bitcoin Without the Block Reward - Arvind Narayanan (Princeton)"  
and video
It points out that in the absence of the block subsidy all sorts of potentially unstable game scenarios emerge where miners could be constantly forking blocks and holding transactions hostage for potentially days.
It's plausible to me that the community would say at that point, let's keep block subsidies going to miners.
However, I would also like to point out that this specific research is assuming that the blocks are never full.  Having the blocks always be full may fix this problem.
In the case where are on Bitcoin Unlimited blocks, and in 50 years, we need to make sure the blocks are always full, it makes sense that we might simply softfork BitcoinUnlimited to a finite limit, which by that time could be a GB, or who knows what size.  Also miners can just agree to keep the blocksize a specific limit to ensure the blocks will almost always be full.
Hope this helps, and BTW, this is not BU suggesting anything, just my personal opinion.
I hope we keep the 21M limit of Bitcoins!
@_date: 2017-03-25 09:58:53
Jihan Wu and the miners want implementations like bitcoind and btcd to all work on the bitcoin network.  We currently have a situation where people like LukeJr say "the only true bitcoin is bitcoind, which by-the-way, I am a gatekeeper for.  If you want to make another bitcoin implementation, it better be bug-for-bug compatible with bitcoind".
The core team has done a great job maintaining bitcoind since Satoshi left, but the community will be better off when we can accept multiple stable implementations.
I agree, there have been bugs in the past with the BitcoinUnlimited implementation, and it may be too immature for many people to want to use over bitcoind or btcd.  That's why, once enough miners signal for a block size increase, it will be trivial to patch btcd or bitcoind to accept larger blocks as valid, and everyone can use those implementations.  When BU miners signal for a size increase, it will be widely known what the new finite size limit is that miners choose to use.