@_author: evetsm
@_date: 2015-09-20 10:48:36
There should be a limit to the amount of transactions , the expansion comes with unlimited value of the transactions. Use side chains to do the small payments, unlimited number of transactions. Use bitcoins blockchain as the clearing chain and store of value. 
I think that is exactly what satoshi intended. That's what the design says. It is also what Nick Szabo says. If you want bitcoins to be everything to everyone, it may end up being nothing to anyone.
@_date: 2015-09-19 10:22:15
Increasing the blocksize will be a disaster. The debate raging about the bitcoins blockchain and the size of each block. Since verifying(mining) each block is throttled at 6 per hour and the size of each block is 1mb , you soon reach a velocity ceiling.
That sounds like a train smash. But maybe not. Since inflation is both the quantity of money(and bitcoins has a maximum of 21 million with divisibility of 10^8) and the velocity. It is both the quantity and velocity that is throttled in bitcoin, so inflation is impossible. Which suggest that there must be side chains feeding into the blockchain , with the blockchain solely being used as a clearing house and mark to market. The ultimate monetary standard. eg. you might have small bitcoin transactions in a coffee shop being taken unconfirmed because the loss to fraud on a coffee is low, and at the end of the day the net position is posted to the blockchain as a single transaction.
As with everything about bitcoins, it is only after you think about it that you see the genius of satoshi.
Nick Szabo, who many think is Satoshi, weighs in on side chains in this interview
@_date: 2015-09-20 09:12:55
if you increase the block size you increase velocity. that's a fact. And that is inflationary. Doesn't matter if it's hardly perceptible. Bitcoin was designed to have zero inflation and that's the only way it will be a sound money.
@_date: 2015-09-20 08:28:03
the quantity and velocity of money should remain constant, increasing either and you get inflation. Inflation devalues money and will kill bitcoin. The degree of difficulty is the intended mechanism to keep the velocity constant. It seems to me that Satoshi made that as a conscious decision. Nick Szabo said recently that if you want velocity , which is probably small almost throwaway transactions, then use side chains. Use the blockchain as a clearing, store of value chain. This reflects the difference between a currency and money.