@_author: evgenzh2007
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:14:42
Please provides  me who is your exchange  provider? So I can speed up a process  of  my refunds related  with BTC exchange between  my freeware.org wallets.  I have asked this question a countless  of time but what I've  got it's  just a templated answers. Your wallets are really good don't ruin your hard work by just stealing money's customers. Please make a priority of your rates of complaining  customers,  do not count money do count happy customers 
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:53:17
SCAM: SMART TRAP FreeWallet
I saw many fake transactions happend in November and also with me I used they so called smart exchange from BTC to BCC on Nov 17. It was completed transaction on blockchain info, but i never received it on my BCC wallet because the coins are still in BTC Freewallet cold storage. Support promised to issue a refund but never delivered. Now 18 days still have no my coins and no response(((
Bab reputation Freewallet ((( . I was satisfited to use your product until this incident
Summary: 
1. All your funds will be resided in a Freewallet cold storage (out of your control) 
2. You are not owner of your Funds you send (your wallet is just like a button making a signal to send coins for owner of your funds ).
3. Freewallet.org owner of your funds will decide to sent coins by your direction or just seize the coins for yourself (they are sending your funds to they own wallet, after a while Freewallet says you: The funds are already in a blockchain we cannot take them out please contact with recipient of your funds .Ha..ha Nice schema. It's really closed cycle. There is no police or goverment or regulations rules.They can do what they want).
4. Option generating Private Key - is just fake sub key of their Private Key.
I'll keep posting cyber crime unit Freewallet didn't refund my BTC.
GOOGLE PLAY STORE Should ban this app on their app store to protect customer.
Who will be held accountable for million of dollar worth of missing transaction?
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:19:34
don't forget facebook, twitter. I'll keep posting as well