@_author: evilnight
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:02:32
I'm not speaking from any point of view but my own. This is how *I* see the situation.


By the time Gox died, most of them *were not* using it. They'd moved on to better services on better exchanges that presented less risk. It was no longer the largest exchange months before collapse. Multiple times, Gox's systems crashed under the load and took the fire out of the moon rocket. You will never see a more crystal clear sign of poor design.
In the beginning, there was *no choice but to use Gox* or to mine your own. Gox had a number of crashes, failures, thefts, and asset seizures, as well as trouble with banks. This was plenty to convince most users to move to other exchanges when they appeared. Some were too lazy or unconcerned to move, some too greedy hoping to exploit the price difference. Those who rode it to the end expecting to face no consequences got burned.
The fact that Gox's implosion has had so little effect on Bitcoin goes to prove that the market gives zero fucks about them. The weakest system has been excised. It won't be the last by a long shot.


Are exactly as follows:
* Failure to respond to public inquiry in a timely and accurate fashion
* Nonsensical stories or statements, or outright lies
* Clear trouble moving assets into or out of or through the business in a timely fashion
* Frequent service problems and interruptions
* Frequent and/or severe security issues
* Failure to improve services as business expands
* Failure to respond to customer needs
* Business model that does not make sense under scrutiny
* Rapidly changing hands, loss of stability in leadership
* Chooses poor technology as the basis of their system
* Displays arrogance
It's the same with any business. Any company displaying these behaviors is to be scorned and avoided, period.
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:31:29




@_date: 2014-02-25 04:23:19
No, it's bad news. The good part is that the source of most of the bad news from the last several months just went up in smoke, so that's the *last* bad news we'll ever see from that place.
Next time it'll have to come from somewhere else.
@_date: 2014-02-04 19:53:18
Woosh, the sound of the point going miles over your head.


You already lost the person's attention. All they see there is some weird fractional tenth of a cent number that appears *nowhere else in the entirety of normal human experience.* It doesn't register as money. 
Plus, you didn't tell them how or where to buy. Most won't make it past the exchange signup process anyway - just another shitty website trying to get their personal information as far as they are concerned. Asking for my bank account? No fucking thank you!
The response you'll get will be, "Nah man, exchanges are stupid. I'll just mine 5,000,000 doge for the effort of clicking a mouse and running a program for a few hours, thanks. Signing up for an exchange is like, too much work, man. Doge can do everything bitcoin can do anyway. I can tip people and have fun on the internet, that's all I care about."
THIS IS YOUR AUDIENCE. Why do you think Doge sells to them so well?
Your responses aren't even relevant to the discussion from this guy's point of view. That's why Doge is sexy right now, and Bitcoin isn't.
Newflash: Nobody gives a shit about the details even when you happen to be right because the presentation is shoddy and all of this information is incredibly unsexy/boring. They are looking for fun, not a lecture. This isn't a perfect, rational world, and it *never ever* will be.
You want bitcoin to be big? Sell it to the honey-boo-boo crowd. Doge is doing that work for you and all you can do is bitch and complain about it being an 'inferior coin'. Tell it to someone who cares.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:44:31
Bad news with a silver lining.
Good news would have been that Gox was solvent, finished upgrading their exchange, launched a new best-of-kind trading platform, and found a way to process more financial transactions. You know, just for comparison. :P
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:41:02
I'll wager that when banks were first going digital, shit like this happened then too.
Growing pains. You just have to get over them.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:23:35
I honestly don't think that they do. Everyone seems to think they should because he's 'omg so subversive' - as if the government could do something to him or learn something from him that would alter bitcoin in any way. That's not the case.
They might give *some* fucks because Satoshi holds a *lot* of bitcoin, so he's potentially a secret soon-to-be billionaire, and the world hasn't got many of those... but that's probably not enough to justify devoting extraordinary resources that would be needed to track down a cryptosecurity expert like Satoshi.
As to why he's in hiding - the shit that went down today with Dorian is why. Who in their right mind would want to be the target of predatory media interest and paint a $650million dollar (and growing) target on themselves? Nobody.
@_date: 2014-02-05 14:52:54
I know all of that. All I'm saying is that cryptocurrencies in general can benefit immensely from some promotion and a training course. Doge is now doing that job. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:13:29


I didn't either. I've always gotten an 'incompetent' vibe from Gox. Every time bitcoin was rising fast in value they'd *crash* under the load and derail the train. Then there would be all of these strange delays and poor handling of company PR. Then we find out their exchange is coded in PHP. Then they start randomly halting trading, then they blame bitcoin for their incompetence... and now we find out that they've been leaking coins all over the place for years.
None of that comes off as malicious. It's just poor design.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:56:21
Someone stole all of Mt Gox's coin because Gox fucked up their wallet implementation.
Major world finance faces these attacks daily. It goes with the territory, so get used to it. Hopefully the tale of Gox will serve as a warning to any business planning to get into bitcoin infrastructure: this is not a field for amateurs and chumps.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:52:25
I'll be blunt: nobody knows WTF a cryptocurrency is. Panic and assumptions rule the day. Bad news cycle, value goes down. Good news cycle, value goes up. This is all that most people pay any attention to. If you're not one of those people, congratulations, you can probably make some money.
Bitcoin is like TCP/IP. Without it, no internet. The guys who wrote TCP/IP sure as hell didn't envision the internet the way it is today - no one can predict those kinds of innovations. They didn't see youtube, the world wide web, wikipedia, social networking, netflix, itunes, or cloud computing. What they did see was a basic protocol that connected everything in a redundant, decentralized way. That was all it took to change the world.
Bitcoin's designers envisioned money that cannot be fucked around with by third parties and can be sent instantly anywhere there is internet access with no possibility of outside interference.
Anyone who tells you how that vision is going to play out is kidding you or deluding themselves. Even Satoshi only has his hopes of what might happen. No plan survives contact with reality.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:25:09
One less dead weight holding things back. Ah, progress.
Edit: I'll elucidate a bit since this is probably going to be on the front page.
Look, this is *money* we're dealing with. It will always be prime target number one for criminal activity. Bitcoin is a cute kitten in its infancy at the moment. Major world finance institutions face a level of scrutiny and sustained attacks that pale anything bitcoin has faced so far into insignificance. Bitcoin isn't yet worth enough to have attracted the attention of the truly skilled criminals.
It was valuable enough to attract some clever criminals to exploit flaws in Gox's proprietary platform. They were  caught with their pants down, because they didn't perform due diligence with their code. There's a reason people who write, review, and secure this kind of code for a living command high six figure salaries - they are worth it.
Gox has caused a number of problems for bitcoin since the beginning. I won't go into the sordid tale here since it's easy enough to find if you google it and I'm sure tomorrow the trade press will be spinning hay into gold with it ad nauseum. Let's just say that Gox has done bitcoin no favors lately, and this whirlwind of negative PR will be their final contribution.
Gox is leaving us all with this lesson: the finance world is not a place for amateurs and chumps. You want to be a part of the 'money revolution'? Then be prepared to treat everything as if you are Visa, the World Bank, and Wall Street. Hire real talent. Build it right. No shortcuts.
Bitcoin is only as good as its infrastructure. We need stable, reliable companies and services we can depend on to support it and help it grow. The market has decided that Gox is not one of those companies, and so it goes. 
We've seen this coming for *months now.* It should surprise no one. The sooner it's blown over, the sooner we can get back to our moon rocket. This is the last time Gox gets to take the steam out of the engine.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:16:30
He's probably logging in over a free public wifi in a crowded area, using an anonymous VPN service to move his internet access exit point halfway around the world, then running Tor on top of that to bounce his traffic between three to eight other IP addresses. 
The lag's a bitch but it'll defeat any trace attempts that begin at the tor exit node. Tor by itself is plenty secure, even if the government runs every exit node on the network. All that lets them do is potentially see traffic content, not trace the source. 
They'd need to control every node used for the entire tor communication to do a trace. Then they'd need to get the logs from the VPN system (the good ones don't keep any and advertise that fact). Then they'd need to trace that IP to the public area, get camera footage of everyone there at that time, and identify every individual somehow. Then they'd have to profile every single one of those people. Good luck with that. Could be the guy on the corner with the cellphone, or the guy two streets over using a cantenna from a van who isn't on camera.
It's far more likely Satoshi would accidentally leak info on himself than that a trace would even find him. Poke the bear, make him talk, hope he's not as smart, careful, or paranoid as everyone thinks he is.
I think people overestimate how much the government gives a fuck about Satoshi. No matter what happens to him the genie is out of the bottle, and there's nothing they can learn from him about bitcoin that everyone else doesn't know already. Only point in hassling Satoshi is for his coins, or for media garbage like what's been going on today.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:39:09
That statement is a bit too nonspecific, can we revise it a bit?
The *trust* in cryptocurrencies is tied to how well the balance of them performs. If one of the big ones has a problem, the trust in all of them is shaken. It'll remain that way as long as the general userbase/public remain ignorant of how they function.
Where we are right now, people in general can't even tell the difference between Gox and Bitcoin. The death of an exchange is seen as a Bitcoin problem, not a Gox problem.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:30:48
Shady companies are shady companies. They all tend to exhibit the same kinds of behavior. The red flags around Gox have been popping up for many months. Anyone surprised by this has not been paying attention.
As to Bitcoin itself, nothing has really changed. The developers are implementing a fix for the 'malleability' issue, because apparently documenting it in excruciating detail for more than three years is not enough to keep *some* people from overlooking it and failing to account for it in their code. They are now *coddling bad programmers.*
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:16:05
It seems like you'd need all of Gox's data to begin the search, so you knew at least where the bitcoins started and which coins and wallets to look at. Then there would need to be a lot of analysis tracing the life cycle of each and every coin, where it went, when it was sent. My head hurts just thinking about it. Still, it should be possible to identify where some of it got off to, particularly if the criminals were careless. It might even be possible to catch someone. I wouldn't rely on Gox to do the investigation, though. If the exchange code is over their head, so is this kind of forensic work.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:07:12
I don't know. All I know is they've been a shitshow for months and this death blow is most welcome from my perspective. Excise the diseased tissue.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:58:17
Bitcoin is open source, free to be patched and changed, so the idea that is an 'old' implementation that can somehow become 'out of date' doesn't make any sense. It's only as out of date as its miners and developers want it to be.
Bitcoin's biggest surprise IMO was in underestimating the psychological effect. It's a lot more satisfying to move around 10, 100, or 10,000 of something than it is to move around 0.0034765 of something. Doge has proven that with conclusive finality.
This is easy to fix. All exchanges need to convert over to milli-BTC. People have been talking about this for months now, kinda surprised it hasn't happened yet.
The ASICs are also an interesting development. Only time will tell if that's a benefit or a drawback.
@_date: 2014-09-13 19:06:59


This is the big one. Businesses all over the world are paying a couple percent on each transaction using any method of payment other than cash. Credit cards are not cheap for them. Bitcoin undercuts this fee dramatically, which means any business using bitcoin is making *more money* than businesses who don't use it. The more people who use it, the more money these businesses end up making by saving on credit cards.
Bitcoin is basically paying businesses 2-3% to use it. That's guaranteed adoption.
The second part of this is that fraud is history. Credit card fraud and other forms of impersonation to bilk businesses out of their products is a big deal - and it's simply impossible in bitcoin. You can't send coins you don't actually own and you can't fake transactions.
The risk transfers to the consumer instead - you could send a bitcoin payment but not receive your good or service. This is easier to deal with than fraud, we have methods for handling corrupt businesses and they won't be around if they engage in this behavior. This does mean you should be sure you trust anyone you buy something from using bitcoin, though... just like you would if paying for something up front in cash.
The combination of near-zero fees and fraud risk elimination is as close to a guarantee you can get that bitcoin and other cryptos offering these advantages will catch on, and will eventually come to dominate the world of commerce anywhere that internet connectivity is commonplace. That's why so many people around here believe it's not a question of if bitcoin will be big, it's a question of when.
Combine that with bitcoin's 100% uptime (it doesn't close when the stock market does and it hasn't got bank holidays). Then consider that no one can block or interfere with a payment (like Visa preventing donations to wikileaks). Figure also that it's impossible for the government to seize someone's bitcoin assets provided they manage them with security in mind. The advantages are pretty overwhelming.
@_date: 2014-02-04 06:47:16
Doge to me seems like anyone can easily dive right in, without even taking any kind of risk. If you're just starting out, that's the one you're going to use to get your feet wet. People aren't going to throw down $5k on Bitcoin until they know how to use a wallet, make a few payments, and learn what the hell mining is.
Meanwhile, Doge is teaching you everything you need to know in order to use cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Litecoin, and whatever else comes along. It's building a fundamental knowledge base and letting people have *fun* doing it.
Just like Bitcoin did in 2009 when nobody knew what the hell it was.
These currencies aren't in competition. Doge is a different animal and a welcome addition to the landscape. It's never going to be the 'big money' coin - there's too much of it. What it will be, probably forever, is the starting point for people who want to get into cryptocurrencies. It's a meme, a culture, a lark, a fun time and a teaching tool. Bitcoin has become 'serious business' - Doge will never suffer that fate.
I'd call it 'Bitcoin training wheels' but that a bit condescending given the fact that the Doge community isn't as uptight and standoffish as the bitcoin community has become lately. I also think Doge will carve itself out a micropayment niche - it can represent far smaller value units than any other crypto. That's going to have consequences, and uses.
Fucking relax. The next hype cycle is coming soon, and To The Moon will be the meme of the day again. This time, the media has other cryptos to talk about, too. Perhaps they'll get it into their thick skulls that something special is going on and this is far more than just a fad.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:00:50
I'm interested to see if someone can actually track that stolen coin.
@_date: 2014-02-04 19:56:01
Silly me I thought we were going for realistic expectations. :P
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:14:02
That one was easy to predict.
VHS had no licensing fees. Betamax had licensing fees. Sell a player or a tape and you have to pay Sony a fee. Case closed. Open standards always win, even if they are inferior to the closed ones. Compare PCI vs MCA for another example. The minidisc died partly for this reason too.
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:48:14
Thank you!
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:16:14
If government agencies wanted to figure out who Satoshi Nakomoto really is, the next logical move for them is to finger someone else and ruin his life, on the chance that the real Satoshi will break his silence and do something that will allow them to track him down.
@_date: 2014-02-10 18:01:16
I'll let [Brick Top explain how to take care of it.](
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:34:31


This is a flawed argument. Until the global communications network and computers came along, it wasn't *possible* to do it any other way. That has changed. Jury is still out on if this is an improvement.
@_date: 2014-03-07 15:15:31
Exactly. It's like this...
You --&gt; Node A --&gt; Node B --&gt; Node C --&gt; Exit Node D --&gt; Web
Node A can see you and Node B, but not C or D. Also, Node A has no way of knowing if you're just another node or the actual origin of the communication.
Node C can only see Node B and Node D. It has no way of knowing how many other nodes come before or after it.
Tor supports up to 8 nodes on a single connection. Each additional node does slow things down, so the safer you are, the slower it goes.
An attacker has to have control of Node A and the exit node at a minimum in order to figure out who you really are. Tor can be configured to use *widely* distributed nodes, so imagine all 8 of them are in different countries on 4 different continents. Odds of government control over enough nodes in that scenario are slim to nonexistent. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 20:00:40


The overwhelming majority of the world's population is not intellectually capable. Yet you want everyone to be using this every day for all of their monetary needs, right? That's a gulf that has to be bridged, and don't make the mistake of thinking the people need to go to the mountain. People are *lazy.*
If all the smart people end up with all of the bitcoins, well then, congratulations - we've successfully duplicated the exact same situation that already exists via banks and large corporations. Hurray for progress.
Actually that is a bit unfair, most of those with money now got it through corruption and conquest, so this redistribution would still be an improvement.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:16:45
All true, and an accurate description of why Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general are still in startup-mode.
All of these problems will be dealt with as the business of bitcoin matures - none are insurmountable. It will take time. Even credit cards *today* have theft and fraud levels each year that are over bitcoin's current market cap - it's a bit silly to expect bitcoin to be able to stop all fraud. No one ever has, no one ever will.
The only point I disagree somewhat with is Gox. The warning signs about Gox were there months in advance. *No one* can claim to be surprised or shocked at what happened. Companies go under all the time, even Lehman Bros was not immune, and without the government bailouts, what happened there would have happened to far more financial institutions. 
Bitcoin is in favor of making these kinds of bailouts impossible, so that companies that fuck up are properly removed from the market. This is a different approach than governments are taking with fiat money. No bailouts for Gox, no bailouts for bitcoin businesses in general. 
The question that needs to be asked isn't if bitcoin can solve these problems... it's if bitcoin can solve them *as well as* or even *better than* current systems. There are no indications that it isn't capable of doing the job. All of its problems are simply the problems of markets and of doing business.
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:59:24
Governments did not compel people to use paypal or visa, yet they do... almost to a man. The argument is at least a little bit disingenuous. Bitcoin is *also* a payment network, something that seems to sail over the head of every single person who ever talks about it as a currency.
No government mandated money ever came with an inbuilt payment network before in the entirety of human history. That's something *completely* new.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:08:07
Unknown. That all depends on the courts and on Gox at this point. I wouldn't hold out much hope. I don't even know how Japan handles bankruptcy or fraud.
@_date: 2012-12-30 23:22:32
You cannot call an experiment 'scientific' if you cannot control and account for *all factors in the system* at all times, then run it repeatedly just changing the one factor you are interested in. That is the basis of science.
Economics is one of the most complex phenomena the world has ever seen and it is impossible to even identify all of the factors let alone account for them, fix them, and repeat experiments in that system.
In lieu of that we can only try things out and see what happens, then try to understand why. None of our explanations will ever be "fact" in this system because no person or even an entire field of persons coming up with these explanations is aware of all of the events that led to any particular outcome. Computers have complicated this by accelerating economic activity well beyond speeds humans can cope with.
Anyone who ever tells you 'facts' about economics is misrepresenting economics. It's that simple. It is a soft science because we do not possess the intellect or means to study it as if it were a hard science.
There are extremely well thought out arguments for and against deflation. There is no way to determine which of these arguments is correct or even under what real world circumstances they can be correct. The 'consensus' comes down on one side or the other, but that has more to do with how economics is taught than it does with the phenomena itself.
That is why bitcoin is the 'experiment' - it is in a position to be influenced by these factors and it also keeps a record of its own activity. That is something no physical currency has ever done before, so it will produce new information. If it fails, that doesn't mean it was deflation that killed it, and if it succeeds, that doesn't mean deflation wasn't a problem, either. There are a lot more factors operating on bitcoin than deflation.
The fact that bitcoin, divided into its smallest parts, will generate more individual units of currency than all of the currencies that exist or have existed combined, is going to have *unforeseeable* consequences on how it interacts with deflation.
@_date: 2011-10-26 04:18:16
No, no no. You clearly didn't read the last sentence in that post.


This man is merely a battle-scarred troll warrior. His post should be in the Reddit FAQ. :P
@_date: 2011-06-17 23:34:28
So, make a special USB key. Embedded linux, full operating system, bootable with everything you need to work with BitCoin, including secure/safe browsing and purchasing software. Make sure the USB key has a fingerprint/biometric ID required for access.
Then sell these keys to people as a digital wallet. /shrug
@_date: 2011-10-26 14:01:32
I think your sarcasm was lost on the hivemind. :P
@_date: 2011-10-30 22:16:31
So in this case, the bitcoins are not actually destroyed or lost, because the majority transactions won't honor the failed exchange?
It is possible to lose or destroy bitcoins at all? There is a finite number of them, so if it is possible for chunks of bitcoins to become invalid or inactive, it seems that would represent a weakness in the system that needs to be addressed.
@_date: 2015-02-08 19:59:56
OSX *is* based on [BSD]( so... not so much.
@_date: 2015-02-08 19:57:47
That was 2008 actually. Ever since then the only thing they've truly lacked is better gaming support, and Steam is working on that.
I know a hell of a lot of small companies that use linux for their corporate desktops so they don't end up paying the Microsoft tax. Big companies, not so much. They want the control of active directory.
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:52:57
Heh. They've done more to improve information security in the last eight months than everyone else combined has ever done since the field came into existence. As protocols evolve due to the fallout, nearly all of the spying tech they've invested so much money in will be rendered ineffective. That's how it goes.
@_date: 2013-03-05 20:41:10
I think it more likely the media attention is going to cause a big spike, followed by a big dip, and then back to the usual steadily climbing trajectory. I'm sure we'll see the 1Bn cap, but we're only going to get there on regular steady growth, not media hype.
@_date: 2013-04-17 04:15:34
This is what I keep telling people. It's all about the bitcoin infrastructure. What can people buy with it, how easy is it to use, how mature and trustworthy are the companies providing services for it? That's where the real value lies. When all of these things are in place and working well, and vastly larger numbers of people are using it with no problems... only then will we discover if bitcoin can deliver on all of its potential. The currency itself is a wonderful idea, but it can only be as good as the foundation it is standing on.
Building that foundation is a long and difficult road. It will take *years.* I'll be optimistic given bitcoin's nature (firmly rooted in fast moving information technology) and say it won't take a full decade.
@_date: 2013-11-11 15:53:02
I wouldn't even agree to that... I think two bigger limiting factors are still the difficulty and time delay to convert from fiat to bitcoin, and the barrier to ease-of-use posed by following *proper* security procedures to secure one's coins. The former is solved by more exchanges and bitcoin services, the latter is solved by innovation in software and hardware wallets. Once those are reduced to no-effort/no tech knowledge tasks, then it'll come down to the volatility. Just look how successful the Bitcoin ATM has been - that's what lowering the entry barrier does for your business.
People in general don't *give a damn* how it works, they only care that it does, and that it is easy for them to use, and confers benefits beyond cash or credit card.
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:34:51
People are downvoting you, but you make a valid point. Bitcoin has a lot of evolution ahead to mitigate the effects of this kind of activity.
@_date: 2013-06-15 16:52:36
If your PC operating system is compromised and under malicious control, you're fucked. They can capture keys and passwords as soon as you use them.
The simple solution is a bootable bitcoin wallet that is truecrypted running a miniature linux distro. When that is booted it is utterly irrelevant what kinds of hacks and malware exist on the computer itself as booting from the encrypted device bypasses all of them. Roll in anything you need to make payments (secure browsers, secure wallet etc) and you're good to go. This kind of security is impossible to compromise.
This is the kind of bitcoin wallet device a company could make a lot of money selling.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:52:57
This exactly. If a bitcoin upgrade is necessary, it can be implemented, and the network will upgrade itself as soon as the majority of the clients have upgraded to the newer system. It's a very democratic process. It would take a very serious and very fundamental glitch to force conversion to an entirely new system. I think if that kind of flaw were present we would have already stumbled upon it.
@_date: 2013-11-13 15:41:03
This is still an improvement - forcing them into a tech arms race. Whenever this happens, large governments and organizations inevitably come out on the losing side of internet tech arms races. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 04:04:07
There's something I'd like you to know that hasn't really been mentioned in this thread yet.
Forget about bitcoins and money for a moment. The crytograhpic decentralized ledger system that bitcoin uses represents the real innovation here. It is in essence a method for guaranteeing the ownership and transmission of *property* in a safe, secure way without the need for a third party mediator of any kind. With bitcoin, litecoin, and others this system is being applied to money.
In the future it will also be applied to other forms of property, of all kinds, whenever and wherever individual-to-individual transactions are beneficial and preferred. It's going to change a lot more about commerce than money itself, given time, and it's going to evolve.
We should all be happy to see this invention. It's one step closer to a truly capitalist world economy.
@_date: 2013-03-01 06:21:29
The retort is, "look at all these drugs and guns and porn people are buying with cash."
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:29:32
They also ask you first, and you have the ability to opt-out.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:26:04
Not really. Developers worth their salt with experience in designing, debugging, and most importantly, securing financial systems pull seven figure incomes. It is an exceedingly rare specialty, and all of these people are already locked up by the likes of Goldman Sachs with rates Mt. Gox cannot possibly match. They'd need to find an idealist who wanted the challenge and believed in the project.
It takes on average seven times more work/time to fix a bad system than it does to implement a new one.
They are far better off buying and implementing an existing platform, and then modifying it to meet their needs.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:10:41
I'm pretty confident it'll sort itself out long term.
The number one advantage it offers is something people rarely talk about. It allows people to sidestep all of our existing (and positively glacial/byzantine) methods of payment - and I'm talking from a regulatory standpoint. Five centuries of tradition, legal precedent, and regulation is the true burden we bear at the moment, and it's got to go. The systems we have now, worldwide, are incredibly inefficient and bogged down in a lot of red tape.
This is one of the reasons I don't worry about a sudden drop causing transaction delays. Let's say we have a catastrophic failure of 3/4 of the mining network. Blocks take 40 minutes instead of 10 minutes for the next eight weeks. That's the worst case scenario and seems quite impossible so it's a good illustrative case.
For small purchases (lunch, coffee, etc), payment processors can simply eat the risk and ride it out. That's what they all do now anyway, and it's part of the value they provide. Visa wouldn't bat an eyelash. Make no mistake, by the time bitcoin reaches the masses, it'll be attached to the plastic we're already using. It's going to take a looooong time for the masses to move over to digital wallets and personal area networks. Decades at least. Everyone here on reddit won't need that, but grandma certainly will.
For large purchases, there's no need to worry about the delay, because even 160 minutes is *faster than light* compared to any existing mechanism we use today for the *entirety* of the world's financial transactions. Even at its worst, bitcoin is amazingly faster than anything else we use now.
I'll also point out that safe bitcoin use requires *more security competence than the public at large will ever be able to handle.* [I rest my case.]( That's why it's going to come with the plastic. Visa can take that burden off of the shoulders of people who can't be bothered with it or don't understand how to do it right. The difference is that for the rest of us, we *can* do it ourselves, and that's an option we don't have without bitcoin. It's the best of the dollar and the best of gold at the same time, without any of the disadvantages of either one. 
I just don't see a lot of risk here. The risk *loss* moving to bitcoin would save major payment processors *tens of billions* in scams. You can't run a credit card scam or have identity theft with bitcoin. They are going to *love* it for that. It's a no-brainer trade for the risks involved in delayed processing which are much less, especially when you are the one managing most of your client's coins (or at least, the one with visibility to their past history and some idea of their honesty). Bad credit - you wait. Good credit - we'll give you the benefit of the doubt.
In order for this to completely break down you'd need to lose something like 90% of the mining power in one week. I can't see how that can happen if bitcoin is widely adopted. If major payment processors are that worried about the risks, they can build 'emergency mining resources' or maintain an 'emergency mining payment fund' (to re-incentivize mining) that can be activated in a pinch to offset whatever catastrophe knocked out the network. The cost of that is probably less than the cost of the fraud/risks they are trying to avoid. Economic incentive is best incentive after all.
@_date: 2013-04-15 03:24:28
We should be so lucky.
I'll take AI over humans as the ruling force in society any day.
@_date: 2013-04-13 23:55:12
Well well, looks like they took a lesson from wall street. Good.
@_date: 2013-10-23 21:45:20
Bingo. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:55:44
That's why we need more and better exchanges!
Is bitcoin worth $260 each? Of course, and far more.
Is the infrastructure in place to provide for that kind of price? HELL no.
Real growth takes time. Take a deep breath, relax, buy in at a low number, and check it again in about ten years.
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:30:19
Claims. You're right, that is a more correct way to phrase it. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-04-15 03:09:34
[For a much better and heartwarming explanation of what this all means, just read this short story.](
Bet it's the best thing you've read in quite some time. ;)
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:04:54


That's it exactly. The ability to *instantly* walk out of any job is very liberating and something most people haven't got.
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:18:57


It is hard for me not to think of that term as an oxymoron.
@_date: 2013-10-19 18:14:59
I did, I must have missed it. My bad, I'll delete the repost. Thanks for letting me know!
@_date: 2013-10-30 23:19:33
Maybe one man, maybe not... but whoever wrote it was definitely paying attention to the wealth of publications in the world of cryptanalysis. In that sense, it was a product of a robust field of study rather than a single individual.
@_date: 2013-08-15 02:18:57
Stability comes from widespread use. When it is part of Amazon and in every gas station, that'll get you some stability. Even the dollar fluctuates, some change is unavoidable. Too much of the market right now is enthusiasts and speculators.
Many of these new companies coming online to facilitate easy transition between bitcoins and other currencies have to become successful before that kind of adoption will happen. They've also got to sort out the regulations that companies must operate under.
There will always be that guy selling bitcoins in person for cash, but we can't see the real value of the currency on a proper large scale if transactions like that are the rule rather than a minority.
At gold parity in value, 1BTC is in the neighborhood of $323,000. (That's the total value of all the world's gold in USD compared to the total number of bitcoins when mining exhausts the supply.) That value isn't possible of course unless bitcoin becomes the world's default preferred currency, replacing the dollar.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:57:49
We're all fivers down here in the cool subreddits.
@_date: 2013-06-15 03:30:23
In order to break something like AES256 they need a computer roughly the size of the Sun to work on the problem for a couple billion years. There's some concern that clever advances in quantum computing may change this kind of thing, but any such breakthroughs are still decades in the future... and any quantum system can generate encryption that would be equally difficult for other quantum systems to break, so you merely need to upgrade your encryption to Q-Fu or whatever new standards are developed to deal with that problem.
The wallets themselves don't offer this level of encryption, but to use it, all you need is to use something like TrueCrypt on the USB device storing the wallet. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:48:10


Ah, that was true the last time it spiked up to $30 and fell back down to $2. This time, however, there are *hundreds* of startups, several new exchanges including a US-based one, the CEO of Western Union is talking about getting into the bitcoin business, and a lot more merchants coming online daily accepting the coins.
In short, what's different this time is that the *infrastructure* is being built out at a rapid pace. That said, is the current $140+ a bubble? Maybe. Maybe not. I can't see it ever going down into single digits again. Every low is higher than the last. It's bullish as hell in the long term. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 15:42:29
It's not at all uncommon for subreddits to get subscription surges between 5k-20k *every single time* they are linked to top comments in front-paging news stories. That tends to add up quickly if there's sustained interest.
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:24:55
Yeah. That was *huge* news. I mean, I know nobody here really gives a damn about it, but for the financial community at large that sort of legitimate consideration is critical for future adoption.
@_date: 2013-04-23 16:28:24
Remarkably comprehensive and thorough. It's practically a bitcoin FAQ.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:08:29
Miners don't need the direct BTC rewards in order to remain profitable. They need only charge a fee for processing the transaction.
So the real question is, can that fee cover the cost of electricity, and can the bitcoin market bear to pay that fee? What happens *IF* transaction fees aren't enough to cover the cost of the electricity used to perform the mining?
We have to consider if this scenario is even likely. 
The first point of consideration is the bitcoin price itself. The mining stands to become less profitable if the price is in constant decline. The mining should remain profitable as long as bitcoin has a high value relative to other commodities. Electricity itself is an incredibly cheap commodity.
Someone could even run the math on this. What is the cost of all of the electricity used in mining, and presuming a transaction fee of 1% (high, but still beats all competitors) what value must bitcoin hold in order to allow that fee to cover the cost? This is a bit more complex than it looks because the price of electricity is not the same everywhere.
There are three more factors... first, how much help will bitcoin's inherently deflationary nature be in that equation, and second, how will the falling costs of electricity factor into this over the coming decades?
The third factor is volume. The more transactions there are between bitcoin users, the more often the fee is applied, and the more profit there is to be made. If no one is actually spending bitcoins, this becomes a huge problem.
Bitcoin itself is far more scarce than gold or silver, so I think one can make a *very* safe assumption that in the future when the transaction fees are the only profit, a single bitcoin should represent much more wealth than a single oz of gold. How much more depends on how well bitcoin scales, which is still an unknown - it depends more on the services built upon bitcoin than it does on bitcoin itself. 
Twice this year, rampant value gain was halted by faltering exchanges. I keep saying it and getting downvoted, but it's the truth: as the exchanges go, so goes the price. Bitcoin does not exist in a vacuum and it derives a lot of value from interacting with other economic markets. When this interaction falters, the value falters with it. It is the number one determining factor at this time, and will remain the most important factor until enough exchanges exist to handle all of the activity. We won't know the true value of a bitcoin until there are enough exchanges to allow everyone to interact with no interruptions, no lag time, no deposit or withdrawal problems, and no loss of service due to the load on the network.
There are simply too many factors to provide an answer to this question. Educated guesses are all we have.
@_date: 2013-03-01 07:11:26
There is no mystery at all in why Bitcoin faces such an uphill battle.
The words 'digital currency' are taken at face value, by quite literally everyone on the planet, to mean 'scam.' Look at the history of digital currencies... it is not a pretty sight.
Most people haven't got the technical knowledge to look at how bitcoin's network is structured, look at the sophistication in the encryption and verification system, or understand a basic discussion on the mechanics of economics involving currency, and then come away with a sense that bitcoin is in fact something new and different.
All they see are a lot of people chanting 'bitcoin good' - and that's not even a new sight, every fad has it.
In the end it doesn't matter what anyone thinks of it. It doesn't matter how fast it is adopted. It doesn't matter what people's misconceptions are. Bitcoin is an economy-redefining virus and there is no putting the genie back in the bottle. It will eventually consume everything. It's just a question of time.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:50:34
This is just reddit being reddit.
You have two options to fix this.
* Moderate the fuck out of this subreddit
* Create a with much higher standards
In this case, I'd recommend going the bitcoinpros route. Let take the newbie hits and general craziness, while redirecting all of the serious, intelligent material into a new subreddit. Link it in the sidebar. It's the same relationship that has with The same one has with It works well. Bitcoinpros will have a much slower submission rate, but the quality will be much higher, and since it runs more slowly, there will be more time for people to read and comment on interesting articles and discussions.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:17:45


Gold parity is around $323,000 per coin. I like to think of that as the maximum value ceiling. :P
@_date: 2013-11-13 15:35:48
It seems to me like tumblers should become part of the default transaction process. If all coins are laundered whenever they are transferred it makes this kind of sanitizing activity impossible because all coins will always be 'tainted' by the mere act of spending or transferring them - anywhere, on anything.
How hard would it be to mix all of the coins in any transaction block, in perpetuity?
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:15:33
Well, technically, if you compare gold prices to the value of 21 million bitcoins, at gold parity it would be worth about $323,000 per coin. A million is wildly optimistic IMO. :P
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:59:49
That could be because he was not fond of reprisals from the institutions bitcoin has the potential to impact, or simply because he doesn't fancy being a celebrity. Call me crazy but I think he already has a good day job that he's happy with.
The speculation doesn't matter. The software works, that's all that matters.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:05:12
 &gt;Edit: What we can take out of this situation is that we clearly need better exchanges that can handle large volumes of trading/traffic. We can't rely on Mt.Gox. We need to push for better quality, otherwise bitcoin cannot go on like this. Over an hour of trading lag is unacceptable, exchange sites that keep going down leaving us unable to trade our own currency is unacceptable. 
Thank you, that is really all that needed to be said. Keep building out the infrastructure. :)
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:40:43
That anyone who is interested in bitcoins needs to keep an eye on them, and on any future competitors. Bitcoin is by no means the final evolution of a virtual currency, and if it has flaws that can't be upgraded or worked around, something will be designed that doesn't have them.
I think the rise in litecoins is mostly due to the miners from bitcoin getting a little more bang out of their hardware investment. It doesn't seem different enough to be a real challenger... but you never know. 