@_author: evilcarp
@_date: 2014-01-02 21:32:58
Don't trade bitcoin.
As a licensed investment representative, I'm saying, stop doing it.
You need real investment advice from a licensed professional.  Not some random person on the internet.  
Check with your bank or just look online for local investment professionals.  Let them know that you need to set aside enough money to cover your sister's college and expenses (they can recommend relatively safe investments that will be liquid enough for this use).  With the remaining, you can decide with your investment advisor what kind of investments to do.  
There is no such thing as an investment guaranteed to bring in returns.  The only way to guarantee that you're going to make money is on FDIC insured products, like savings and CDs.  And, of course, the interest rates are distressingly low right now.   
Investing in things like bitcoins and risky stocks is something you should only do with money that you can afford to completely lose.  No matter how "smart" or experienced you are, you will always run a very high risk of losing ever cent you invested.  Yes, there's potential for high reward, but it's not worth it to risk money that you need.
If you really want to manage your own investments, then you need to determine exactly how much you can afford to flush down the toilet.  That amount, the amount you can lose without cheating your sister out of her education, the amount you have after you make sure taxes, bills, food, etc are covered-that is the amount you can use to invest in bitcoins.  If you're really, really lucky, and you time things right, then you may make money.  But you should fully expect to lose every penny.  If you don't go in with that as your expectation, you are setting yourself up for misery.
@_date: 2014-01-02 21:35:42
PS: Never buy something when the price is going up.  Because it's going to come back down.  You can only make money this way if you can trade tens of thousands of shares at a time, and can buy and sell within minutes.  