@_author: evisboy
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:51:24
People - the OP is misleading. There is NO intrinsic value in bitcoin! The true value will be in how far bitcoins gets in achieving its potential for being a major disruptive technology. 
For this to happen we all need to help the bitcoin economy grow by accepting and making payments / transactions in bitcoins. Hoarding is speculation and not a smart move with an unproven currency. So hold on to your bitcoins but SPEND some ... and make transactions to receive them. This will obviously start small due to the incredible price volatility but it's the only way to get to a more stable economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:29:10
It's clear the the price was driven by speculation. It's also clear that most people do not understand how economies and fiat currencies work. The fact of the matter is that what gets most people "excited" about Bitcoin is the spectacular increase in price. The higher it goes the more positive the energy. Each drop and you get this kind of mass selling / ghost town effect. This is, of course, cyclical. 
The REAL reason that people should get excited about bitcoin is due to the fact that it has enormous potential to be a massively disruptive technology. Think about 2 major uses here
1) store of value 
2) transfer of value
As you can see the volatility makes the storage of value tough. But currencies are only volatile in relation to others. In other words - when something goes up or down it is ALWAYS in relation to something else. This article from The Economist will do a far better job than me explaining that: 
Now - most of the people on this thread are from the US or western Europe, places blessed with the world's most stable currencies and soundest monetary policy. Imagine being from Africa or Latin America where you can lose your entire life saving overnight... or have funds frozen. This makes bitcoin a very attractive storage of value relative to their home currency (note - for this to happen bitcoin will need to be more stables and have solved some problems). 
Where I think Bitcoin's disruptive potential lies is in the ease of transfer. Think about western union - a company with a market cap of 8+ billion US with a 20% profitability! That company does nothing more than transfer value to people all over the globe!! and charges a lot for it. So it is not unheard of to think about bitcoin as at least that big (note - this is not my analysis; I read on an article somewhere but cannot find it). 
You need to think about the potential disruptive ability of Bitcoin. And for bitcoin to reach its potential we need to create an economy that is driven in bitcoin and not as a speculative gold standard as people treat it now. That means getting paid in bitcoin and spending in bitcoin. 
Read the article I posted from The Economist to understand more my argument. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:46:56
What I am confused about is how people think that just holding bitcoins is going to help it. All that means is that you are speculating and not contributing to massive selloffs! 
The way to contribute to bitcoins is to be an active participant in creating an economy, despite the volatility. This means making some purchases, accepting bitcoins as payment, etc. So - hold on to them but use some to make things happen in the bitcoin economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:01:28
Fiat currencies are valuable b/c govts say they are. All of the comments discounting what that means are misguided! Govts are powerful entities and successful fiat currencies have a lot going for it -- they create a top-down effect of imposing stability and markets on a currency economy. The US govt has created a major market for US dollars so people are paid and spend in US dollars. Volatility in currencies happens all the time but only as far as there is a relation. So - the US dollar often fluctuates quite a bit but that fluctuation is only against other currencies. In other words - if you earn dollars and pay for things in dollars you do not even notice this fluctuation. 
Bitcoins are a bottom-up approach to decentralizing currency. There is an incredibly high POTENTIAL in disruptive power here. Money can change hands easily and at little to no cost. In theory - it's a store of value against unsound monetary policy of other fiat currencies (think developing nation currencies), etc. 
The likelihood of bitcoin surpassing the us dollar or euro is very very difficult. The economies controlling those currencies have major armies, rule of law, etc to impose controls and opportunities for their respective currencies -- creating real value. Bitcoin's potential, in my opinion, is really as a way to transfer value incredibly easily (think about being able to send your friend money with no fees -- nearly instantaneously) and as a store of value against volatile currencies. Of course, these are only potential opportunities that bitcoin has yet to fill due to a lack of maturity. 
And who know? Bitcoin may end up being worth 0 but there is definitely real disruptive potential. 