@_author: evoinvitro
@_date: 2013-04-01 17:01:19
litecoin stuff? This is concerning bitcoin specifically, in the larger context of other cryptocurrencies. I haven't been on long enough to know, but has there been some sort of issue with people pumping litecoin? And is there some sort of competition between them? Enlighten me
@_date: 2013-04-02 01:04:58
They would do it for myriad reasons, bitcoin capitalization not being high enough to matter in world markets, bitcoin ownership concentrated in too few hands, any number of gripes that could be had with the system of payment speed or rate of geometric reduction in issuance, or even regulatory uncertainty in regards to anonymity and money laundering. They could take the strengths of bitcoin, form a joint venture/processing standard, create some kind of guarantee of value to stabilize the price in the beginning, and start off with a currency with a initial circulation 10 times Bitcoin's immediately. Not saying it's going to happen, just saying that blockchain.info and that other stuff wouldn't make a determined competitor blink twice.
@_date: 2013-04-01 19:25:27
well could you reply to my reply to HTL2001 below? In regards to the "litecoin is no where close to the position bitcoin is currently is", I don't care whether it's litecoin or any other virtual currency that doesn't exist yet, what exactly is bitcoin's moat? If mt gox starts trading litecoins, or let's just say X-coins because I don't give a fuck about litecoins, or some major commercial entity throws their weight behind some other arbitrary currency, what makes bitcoins special? Cost of switching currencies, cost of adopting other currencies, is very low, no?
@_date: 2013-04-01 16:58:39
right but couldn't any merchant organization or any large retailer for that matter just decide to take any coin arbitrarily, even a self-started one? If starbucks decides to start taking a certain coin like it recently did for square payments, that coin automatically gets a huge value. Same for amazon, ebay, google, walmart... the list goes on. Payment services like paypal, square, or mastercard and visa for that matter, have a incentive to start coins themselves with the amount of infrastructure they already have in place. What is the moat that an established coin like BitCoin would have?