@_author: ewt34k5j
@_date: 2013-07-20 20:14:10
yeah.. SSL is a scam in the first place and totally owned - I'm not really sure what these guys are up too - I don't really trust them, but they're probably no worse than any other provider and hey at least it's free.
@_date: 2013-07-20 15:04:00
Bitcoin still suffers from good ways to buy in/out. It was actually better in the early days.. in the very early days everyone just traded for paypal and it just worked.. of course there was little benefit over just using paypal, but it was very easy to buy and sell.. if someone wanted to try it out on a whim, they could do so very easily.
Later we had exchanges like intersango which operated on a non-profit model and easily with no annoying verification procedures and using free local bank transfers. Again this was a fast cheap and no-barriers to entry way to get into bitcoin. 
mtgox used to work with dwolla.. then dwolla introduced a 30day wait period but at least it was still cheap.. then mtgox's dwolla account got shut down by fincen. At least there was still bitinstant which while extortionate in comparison at least worked.. oops - now that's gone too.
Currently there's essentially no way for US bitcoin users (by far the largest market) to access the largest exchange (mtgox) without using an international wire transfer to japan - that only makes sense if you're willing to transfer thousands of dollars at a time, which realistically most people do not have. Even if you do that, there are severe delays on the wire transfers also.
Currently it's hardly possible to exchange in/out of bitcoin anywhere for less than around 2% in fees.. while that's still great for international money transfers theres only a small handful of countries where there are liquid exchanges and means of transferring money in/out cheaply. The US (coinbase), Russia (btc-e) and Eurozone europe (bitstamp) and I guess Japan served by local JPY transfers (mtgox) - although hardly anyone in Japan seems to use bitcoin.
Not only are the fees higher than in the past but the verification procedures are a lot more stringent too.. nobody is comfortable handing over passport scans to really anyone. If you compare to how it was in the beginning - just send a paypal to someone and get BTC in a few minutes - we've gone a long way down hill over the last 4 years.
@_date: 2013-07-16 00:13:14
Maybe look into buying webmoney - and then convert to WMX and withdraw the bitcoins. you can buy WMZ (USD webmoney units) from  and then exchange ( them for WMX (bitcoin webmoney units) and then redeem ( the bitcoin webmoney for actual bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-07-17 00:47:00
Do Iranians normally use Australian dollars these days?
@_date: 2013-07-17 20:14:20
btc-e is actually one of the easiest exchanges to fund with fiat.. you just need to get setup with their intermediaries.. liqpay even lets you buy instantly using a credit card - although setting up liqpay can take some time initially. using liqpay you can even cash out usd right onto your credit card. however despite this you are right.. the reason that the prices are low is that most people can't figure out how to get fiat there.. this is mainly because most bitcoin users are american and most of the btc-e intermediaries are designed with russians in mind.
@_date: 2013-07-17 02:57:22
btc-e also has imbalanced trade because of people buying litecoins there (and selling btc).
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:23:52
Ues a free one  - certainly don't bother paying for an EV cert.
@_date: 2013-07-17 01:46:01
That's very interesting.. I would have expected USD and EUR but are there any specific reasons why AUD is favored?