@_author: ex0du5
@_date: 2014-08-23 01:12:14
I'm not sure what you mean by "bogus".  Here are some papers on the stability of Bitcoin:
[A standard econometric model](
[Evidence of bubble characteristics](
[Yermack's well-known evaluation](
[One I really like that started really favorable to Bitcoin and found the CBOE Volatility relation inverse](
Of course, people like Robert Shiller, Alan Greenspan, and numerous others have publically pointed out it has every characteristic of a bubble and no other deep source of value.  I have over 50 journal papers on modelling of Bitcoin in my own study, all of which come to the conclusion that it's primary valuation is from speculation and none of which show any stablising valuation forces.  How is my comment "bogus"?
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:37:10
Glad I wasn't the only one who read that as New California Republic.
@_date: 2014-10-01 20:53:40
Actually, the trust can be distributed to the network in the same fashion that all altcoins trust the network for coin and transaction preservation.  Ian Miers has pointed to this direction to resolve any concerns with trust for ZeroCash.  Also, Zerocoin may use RSA UFOs to build setup parameters in a trustless fashion.
Most of the initial concerns with zero-knowledge proofs have existing solutions in the literature.  There is some lingering fear about monetary supply when you cannot see the monetary supply and must rely on the mathematical theory for correctness and security.  But this is the trade-off that is at the core of anonymity here, so the question is really how useful such a notion is to people.
@_date: 2014-09-26 16:29:48
No, those have different purposes.  Certainly, loans from the IMF are used to prolong and protect the client-state status of emerging world countries in relation to the U.S. and other European allies.  But the client-state phenomenon is broadly multinational, formed from general economic forces toward vertical integration in (what then became) multinational corporations.  Both the IMF and the World Bank avoid disruption and work in long-term power relations spread to benefit a large swath of the western world.
Goldman Sachs seems highly disruptive, participating in shocks, crashes, and general targeted undermining of economic competitors to the U.S. specifically.  That's what I mean by warfare.  They actually crashed Greece, destabilized Spain and a handful of other European countries, and brought the entire EU into a slump that kept the US financially strong throughout the housing crisis.
@_date: 2014-07-17 22:21:49
Hello Mr. Lawsky.  Given the theoretical vulnerabilities in Bitcoin, from the well-known 51% attacks to the more recent vulnerabilities found in under 50% attacks (Block Discarding, Difficulty Raising, etc.) and the more practical point that between 7 and 10% of all Bitcoins ever mined have been stolen in the many well-publicized thefts, do you think it is wise to give the appearance of formal approval of the currency?  Do you think this will encourage people to store more value in the currency because of the legal recognition?
There are a number of econometric evaluations of the currency that show it may not be long-term stable.  Being non-inflationary and fiat will likely encourage savings in the currency and drive it out of circulation.  If the value begins to decrease at this point, it could suffer a Gresham instability and accelerate losses due to sell-off and having no intrinsic value.  
Would it be wise to notify the public of the many known flaws in the security of the currency (selfish mining, double spending, etc.), inform them that numerous attacks are possible even with &lt;50% network, and that some economists predict the value store unstable?
@_date: 2014-07-30 19:44:38
He's clearly _not_ saying that normal people can't use Bitcoin.  He is very clearly saying that if the growth of the blockchain continues (he claims exponentially), then there will come a point where people won't be able to store it locally and *at that point* will there need to be a change if the transactions are to remain distributed.  He points out that the larger the storage needed, the larger the organization needed to fund the storage, and the easier to regulate.
There are plenty of ways to respond here.  You could potentially start with questioning exponential growth, since transactions have held fairly linear over some time.  That's not necessarily a good thing for Bitcoin, but it's an honest point.  Or you could agree with the conclusion and mention ways it may be resolved.
Misinterpeting fairly simple English, though, is not a good way to approach this video.  Particularly if you are calling for a downvote brigade.
@_date: 2014-07-25 08:18:27
Wow, that was impressive!  I think you forgot a "fiat" or "shill" in there somewhere, and could have replaced one of the "slaves" with "thrall", but overall very nice effort.
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:25:21
It's not anonymous.  That is a myth.  Secure transactions are slower than existing infrastructure.  
@_date: 2014-09-26 04:30:39
Except, of course, the cost of power.  Miners can't hold if they have bills to pay, and little guys don't come in if you need economies of scale just to break even...
@_date: 2014-09-17 02:53:33
But when did you buy a second time?
@_date: 2014-07-06 01:05:47
I am not sure why you think aggression is the appropriate response to my comments.  You have, in your various responses, asked me to use technical terms yet accused me of using terms you were unaware of, accused me of not knowing what I was talking about yet acknowledged what I was talking about was technically correct and now is not really an issue.  Yet you've included some technical inaccuracies.  Can you imagine how others reading your comments would take your competence here?  Don't you think a consistent position with accurate details might work better if you believe all I am stating is FUD?
As to technical inaccuracy, difficulty raising can occur at less than 50%.  That's actually why the paper you appear to be suggesting I am misstating is called "Theoretical Bitcoin Attacks With Less Than Half Of The Computational Power".  In fact, it works for far lower, and you just get greater benefit as you approach 50%.  This attack allows for the manipulation of value in the system and can devalue mining and drive migration out of the currency.
But I am not making any claims that these attacks are occurring or even immanent.  I only mention that there are known flaws and yet people actively promote movement of value into the protocol and I was wondering what the various reasons may be.  If your position is that these are not practical flaws, you can certainly state that without aggression or innuendo as to my motives.  Outright misstating facts, though, certainly doesn't make your position look as strong as a forthright discussion might.
@_date: 2014-11-16 00:50:07
Notice how reply to says that many of the comments online are "f*ing feminists" about this?  This whole controversy is completely about gender relations and the twitterstorm was about exclusionary practices in the sciences.
@_date: 2014-09-20 00:09:01
It's quite possible I am misunderstanding something.  It would be nice to see a sequence diagram showing the protocol exchange to understand exactly what was produced by a lock, as that may be related here.  Let me try to find out exactly what I have confused.  Take the following series of events:
* User A sends a transaction for 27 DRK for a widget from merchant B.  (This is a signed transaction message of DarkCoin type).
* The transaction is propagated to the whole network and eventually reach a set of elected Authority nodes (a subset of Master nodes - ANs).
* The ANs collectively are supposed to consensus validate the transaction on their blockchains and sign a "locked transaction" message (something added and a re-sign, not sure what is added but don't think it matters) which is sent to the rest of the network.
* When a node sees the confirmation, they can record the transaction on the current block (maybe with the lock authorization).
If this is even remotely close to what is being proposed, then my concern is when the ANs don't validate the transactions and simply choose to send lock messages.  If that happens, what stops them from propagating the confirmation (or lock) message to merchant B (or nodes nearby) and nowhere else.  Then it slips in a confirmed locked transaction to output C (which happens to be another address for the attacker) to all the other nodes.  Double spend?
I think it may help to be a bit more explicit about the protocol and sequence in the document, and specify a bit more exactly what is being locked (or what the lock message looks like).  I'm very familiar with these things in distributed algorithm theory, but a distributed lock mechanism doesn't look much like what's described and so I may be carrying over some misinterpretations from that.
@_date: 2014-10-28 01:26:59
Except for the research on the valuation process of Bitcoin which shows that it receives most of it's value as a speculative commodity, so it would require a bubble of stupendous proportion from people willing to risk hundreds of billions of dollars on a greatest fools game, which is quite out of the reach of most investment firms or even lay speculative investment.  It's possible to reach a few billion with some celebrity backing and an initial surge of propaganda, as happened in 2013, but expecting that to repeat with 10x greater fury _after_ it has become more well understood the valuation process is stretching quite a bit.
@_date: 2014-08-22 22:05:42
This idea of "raids" is really very strange.  There are participants of who understand the flaws in the currency and do not like to let outright misstatements of fact or laughable misunderstandings go unchallenged.  These may be participants of other subreddits - it is entirely possible to have more than one interest!  You do not need to be a sycophant to participate on any subreddit.
As to "concern trolls", your post has certainly received some hits.  Wringing of hands, vague statements of fear, that is concern trolling.
On the other hand, if a buttcoiner were to come in and warn this new user that:
* Econometric studies of Bitcoin's value almost universally indicate it is entirely a speculative bubble and does not have value stability.  Like all bubbles, these models predict the value will crash, so it is probably not very ethical to promote putting much value into the currency.
* Bitcoin has numerous security flaws in the protocol, including numerous exploits that occur even for those with &lt;50% hashing power.  It is a common misconception that you need &gt;50%.
* It is also a common misconception to believe the protocol is anonymous.  It is not.
* Nearly 10% of all Bitcoins ever produced have been stolen.  Thefts are still occurring to this day.  You should be aware of the risks and study the technical requirements so that you do not put your coins in risk.
Those types of points are not concern trolling.  They are facts.  There is no trolling intended - these are not points of hot debate.  They are simply the types of things one human tells another human so that they may be aware of dangers and careful.  They are the types of things someone who is trying to be moral and good does, as it is easy to get pulled into flashy new things with lots of buzz and hype, particularly when pulling people in is the only way existing users can raise their net worth in the currency.
@_date: 2014-08-27 01:22:48
The coin doesn't matter.  Sure, features matter, that's clear.  But you can have the exact same features just on different blockchains.  You can have Bitcoin1.01 and Bitcoin1.02 etc. all having the exact same features as the well-known Bitcoin, just on a different blockchains.  And you can have compatible for all actual purposes features, which actually includes a lot of altcoins that are more-or-less clones with a different name and/or purpose.
As to what I mean by an exchange layer - take this example:
* Business A wants to send to Business B the huge sum of value V, and agree that there is transactional convenience in doing this without any bank holding.  
* Business A has a value store WA (call it a wallet, but it may be involve many different forms of holding likely mostly in the form of currencies considered hard).  All they want to do is send V from W to B.
* Business B has it's own value store WB.  It doesn't care what form business A has sent the value V, as long as it can place this value in WB in the format B prefers.
* A simply interfaces with B to arrange the transfer and get appropriate endpoint addresses.  The transaction may involve an exchange layer to convert all value to forms that can be transacted without bank involvement.  
* This layer also ensures that the value is spread over a large number of coins, so that no particular currency has it's supply noticeably restricted, so the transaction does not affect the value in any noticeable way for any given currency.  This ensures value is not given away to speculators or arbitrage that may steal the value during transaction (by sell-off prior to exchange or simply by growth of transaction space increasing demand in the speculation space).
* Each coin does the transaction on it's blockchain, and then an exchange layer again collects the various coins and provides the value to WB in the form desired.
* Note that the exchange layer need not be a central agency of any sort.  It could be a distributed exchange protocol that works off similar trustless protocols.  If all value is stored in crypto, nothing more is needed.  If some of the exchange is in non-crypto, marked transfer protocols are needed (but that is true of non-crypto in general).
That's how you distribute transactions to not give away value.
As to your point about Facebook - yes, venture capitalism is speculation.  It is speculative investment with the goal of finding new industrial niches.  Companies rise or fall depending on whether they can occupy or create an economic niche that has positive cash flow.  These are things that satisfy some human drive (under the psychological theory of value).
When I keep mentioning moat, it is because there is nothing that gives any niche status to any given coin.  Nothing prevents the scenario above.  The technology itself may have use, *and even still* no coin may have sustainable value above what is needed for transfer.  There are no economic pressures here.  Facebook has a moat because people interact with it and build social graphs in it and there is no simple way to build a union layer to connect with other social networks and abstract out to clones (particularly with it being centrally controlled and there being things like 5000 friend limits, etc. preventing tools to disseminate posts outside the network).  Moats are the most critical thing to evaluate when looking at easily duplicatable technologies, and this is something that Warren Buffet has spent decades discussing.
@_date: 2014-07-11 20:19:14
A foundation of libertarian monetary theory from the beginnings of classical liberalism through last century has been the requirement of a specie standard (Smith, Hume, Locke, through von Mises, Hayek, etc.).  The reason for this, as Murray Rothbard so strongly argued, is Gresham's Law.  
And of course, Gresham's law strongly infests cryptocurrency in general, for several reasons.  First comes directly from the basic notion of cryptocurrency and distributed production: 
Just because Bitcoin may restrict production past a certain threshold does not mean cryptocurrencies - as a genre of value store - does.  So any value place in the genre will be unrestrictedly diluted, as you have an ever growing store.  As you move value into other stores, marginal value in existing stores decreases.  This has been known for some time.
But there are some other, much more urgent reasons for the application of Gresham's law in Bitcoin: bots.  A number of well-known papers have shown that due to bot mining, value is unstable and will decay.  As long as bot mining exists, it will drive out true value from the store.  
None of this odd, unusual interpretation, taken out of context.  It is standard monetary theory from a variety of schools that call themselves libertarian.  The point is that without a standard specie backing, manipulation by producers is rewarded and the subsequent inflation violates property rights.  All of the well-known flaws in Bitcoin, from the original 51% attacks to the latter development of attacks far below that threshold are based on this very principle.
This focus on the regression theorem is odd.  Even non-specie currency (what has traditionally been called fiat currency until some Bitcoiners felt they wanted to rail against fiat currency and pretend they weren't it) has value.  The psychological theory of value has explained currency for centuries, and von Mises' regression theorem clearly applies to all scarcity non-specie currencies as well (it had nothing to do with requirement of specie).
Seriously, this is not controversial.  Do Bitcoin advocates really know nothing of monetary theory?
@_date: 2014-08-21 20:21:48
Why do you want me to "turn around and focus on something else"?  I do mathematical models and algorithms in my spare time - it's what I enjoy in life and I picked it up and ran during my studies in quantum physics simulations in college.  Econometric models are one thing I really enjoy, as are distributed protocols (I am a senior software engineer so these have professional reasons as well).
I studied Bitcoin.  Deeply.  I have studied many other cryptocurrencies as well.  I love currency theory and remember the first time I picked up von Mises' Theory of Money and Credit, leading me to read all kinds of contrarian views in the field over subsequent years.
Am I not allowed to have an opinion on Bitcoin?  Am I not allowed to point out (when relevant to a discussion) that none of the professional econometric models I have read in the journal show it to be stable?  Or that none of my own models indicate it having long term value?  Even though I've tried to find counteracting pressures and engage in active research in the area (and am always open to suggestions for positive terms)?
It's not that I'm negative to the entire idea of cryptocurrencies, because there are models that show stable forms - given things like backing by commodities or services.  I have looked at other distributed algorithms for consensus and developed some models for resolving the majority mob flaws in existing coins.
Am I not a valid contributer to your community simply because I also contribute to another community that likes to make light of humorous misconceptions here?  Is this really an us/them divide where it is not possible to have dual citizenship?
That kind of thinking is the source of most oppressions in the world.  It is also very un-Bitcoin-esque, if I have any right to point out such blatant contradictions in philosophy...
@_date: 2014-08-23 07:20:26
Unfortunately, this is why most professional economists see bitcoin enthusiasts as mostly populated by charlatans.
When people are looking for ways to avoid accepting some information that does not fit with their worldview, a common tactic is to hyperfocus on something they believe they can explain away, which they can then use to discredit the entirety of information presented.  This hyperfocus doesn't need to be rigorous.  In fact, it typically begins quite hand-wavy and this allows the hyperfocus can be a longer diversion, pushing all other data deeper away in time.
However, this particular divergence you are contending is extremely easy to demonstrate.  That is why it is so widely accepted as truth.
* Go to blockchain.info.  Click on Charts and navigate to Total Bitcoins In Circulation and Bitcoin Days Destroyed Cumulative.  Also useful are Market Capitalization, Number of Transactions, and Number of Unique Addresses Used.  Click All Time in the lower left and download the CSV in the lower right.
* Open up the CSV's in a spreadsheet program like Excel.  These are delimited by space and comma and use a date format of dd/mm/yyyy.  Combine the data from the different graphs on to one spreadsheet for convenience (just copy over the relevant data columns next to an existing pair of date time columns).
* Make a new column for Bitcoins created on the day.  In Excel, this would be done by typing "=", clicking the current total Bitcoins for that day, typing "-", clicking the previous day's total, hitting return, and then dragging the lower right copy box down the entire column.
* Make a column with today's date.  Make another column for the number of days from that row date to today by using "-" as above.  Make yet another column for the total number of Bitcoin days for the Bitcoins produced that day by multiply Bitcoins produced that day by number of days to today.
* Now sum the total Bitcoin days for all Bitcoins produced since the beginning.  For today, the total Bitcoin days is 14,473,349,250.  You can grab that the total cumulative Bitcoin days destroyed is 7,164,862,744 so the total undestroyed is 7,308,486,506.  Also, the total Bitcoins created total for today is 13,174,575.
* So already we have very relevant metrics for measuring holding.  We can see that 50.5% of all bitcoin days ever have been undestroyed, a huge macroeconomic indication that the currency has strong holding.  Also, the average Bitcoin days held per Bitcoin is 555 (a year and a half)!  The distribution of bitcoin day consumption is not revealed with this calculation, but the mean already pushes large quantities of the currency to lengthy holding, particularly since the quantities of coins have grown steadily and the maximum holding time possible is only 2,058 days (for the 50 coins available then), so tail effects cannot skew the average.
* Of course, there are other useful metrics one may choose.  If you divide the transactions by the market capitalization, you get a macroeconomic metric of the liquidity of transactions [that is analysed here](  This is decreasing over time, continuing the trend long after the analysis of the link.  Also, one can look at Bitcoin days per unique address to find endpoint statistics of holding.
* And finally, just downloading the blockchain yourself, you can run full statistical analyses on the actual ledger and find out exactly what the holding times are.  You can use a tool like [this one]( to extract the blockchain into a CSV file and import into a spreadsheet tool if you are not a coder.  Of course, I'm sure you are aware, this is exactly what [Dorit Ron and Adi Shamir did in their paper]( which really no one contests as being a legitimate statistical run of the data since it is so easily reproducible. 
The thing is, it's okay that you may be ignorant of economics.  You can shake your fists all you want that terms which are common to those who work in monetary theory are unfamiliar to you.  You can use hand waving and vague assertions that others are wrong to help yourself live with the worldview you've told yourself.  No one really cares about that.
But it is when people do that as a part of a scam to get people excited about a risky venture that it becomes unethical, and people will call you out.  When you attempt to discredit many economists who have studied the field and published peer-reviewed papers by mumbling strange assertions of discredit, **and especially when you do such without any actual counter equations**, you are attempting a con.  Fortunately in science it is easy to point those who want to know the truth to the literature and allow them to decide based either on their own mastery or at least on their own criteria of who to trust.
And finally, the paper by Gomez-Gonzalez and Parra-Polania does not rely on any of it's attributions.  It is simply a mathematical econometric model which decomposes asset value into three forces of demand: autonomous demand (an independent variable), utility demand (proportional to the valuation at a time), and speculative demand (based on expected future valuation change).  They then look at the decomposition of Bitcoin valuation by identifying these variables in Bitcoin and evaluate the stability.  Autonomous demand seems to be almost 0, as numerous other econometric models show, and the regime near zero is unstable.  Paper 4 in the list I linked above shows one team who started with a very positive opinion of Bitcoin, yet when they read the data they too found autonomous demand was so near zero as to be noise compared to the speculative character.
If your reading of their demand equation is as you have stated, you have no business giving anyone economic advice.  You seem confused, avoidant, and generally quite ignorant.  If anyone wants to know why there is a subreddit like that summarises the misunderstandings of with pithy soundbites, it is because this kind of thought is a danger to public health and should be deflated.  And if you thnk any of what I have posted is wrong, stop saying it is wrong and actually respond with equations of your own, pointing to well-accepted economic reasons for the presence of your terms or statistics. It is real people with real money who can really be hurt with this pump-and-dump scam, and it is sickening to see this behavior.
@_date: 2014-12-31 06:52:06
51% allows you to hostage other people's money and spend yours as often ass you like without losing it.  It allows you to generate as much as you like as you now control mining rules.  It's basically end scenario and should not be thought of lightly.EDIT: And I don't think it was explicitly mentioned, but should be.  51% can restart the blockchain.  Longest chain rule.  All money can be wiped and newly replaced.  As far as "spending others money", that's the same thing in the end.
@_date: 2014-07-20 23:22:56
Except, of course, innovations such as proof-of-stake and other distributed production schemes meant to fix up flaws in Bitcoin that will likely cause Bitcoin to fail...
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:26:40
I like how you link to a discussion of "hype cycles", which is a marketing tool (an image with no scientific backing) used by companies to try to sell their wares as new economic niches.  That is some amazing irony there.
If you do want to learn some "real economics" and "monetary theory", do not get angry when you find that many monetary texts describe "fiat" in terms that apply to Bitcoin, as the traditional usage throughout history is on currencies without inherent value.  For instance:
"Fiat money is a money consisting of mere tokens which can neither be employed for any industrial purposes nor convey a claim against anybody."
That's a quote from von Mises... err... the guy studied at the site you linked to...  The point is "by fiat" is meant to convey "because it is said so, and no other reason", despite all the cries against fiat on this group and someone in the Bitcoin community having altered the Wikipedia page.
Also, all real econometric studies show this Bitcoin "process" to be a speculative bubble and nothing else.  This repeated over and over in the journals.  New papers come out regularly.  Some by people who are quite positive about Bitcoin going into their research.
Yes, bubbles are a process.
@_date: 2014-09-04 19:52:20
Just because you think it may be a fun, novel, and interesting way to conjoin interdisciplinary studies does not force any attitude what those studies might show.  For instance, if you are going to study economics, you will likely find that most economists believe and nearly every published paper shows that Bitcoin gets it's value purely as a speculative commodity, and like all pure speculation bubbles, is unstable.  Or, a security approach might show that if there is any entity you trust more than other entities, a protocol based on that trust can be more trustworthy than a distributed trustless system.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:28:12
Hey bra, did you notice how the talk page mentioned that that was changed by Bitcoin afficianados?
@_date: 2014-08-26 18:30:04
The argument of value by scarcity doesn't work when you consider the value to only be transactional.  If you accept that premise (as many economists do as well), then the market fundamentals aren't enough to keep the value afloat.  
Sure, you can pretend that Bitcoin is the only thing to transact in and divide out the world of current transactions, but supply and demand don't work like that and the world has more means of transaction than Bitcoin.  There is traditional government-backed currency.  There is gold and other commodities.  And there are hundreds of other altcoins if you want to account for any distributed transaction conveniences.  
Because there are ways to transact that don't hit the artificial scarcity of Bitcoin, transactions will not limit themselves to Bitcoin and the value by pure transaction does not have pressure to grow.  That is why economists point out the inherent lack of commodity value in Bitcoin (that no industry consumes modified SHA256 hashes with some number of preceding zeroes in the output), and likely what the people advising these guys have mentioned to them.  No sustainable transactional value and no commodity value implies the current value is speculative.
@_date: 2014-12-05 03:25:59






Thank you for this.  Contradicting yourself, begging people to read less, ...  I could not have provided a better illustration of why exists if I had tried.  It would have sounded like a caricature.
There are earnest people in who, like myself, are deeply interested in the technology and econometric reasoning surrounding Bitcoin.  But it's the avoidant, irrational ones that explain why exists.
@_date: 2014-08-25 16:49:38
186 upvotes for a topic that has nothing to do with Bitcoin?  Let me go grab my kitten pics...
@_date: 2014-07-09 14:39:54
It's actually not a 51% issue, but the initial whitepapers showed that those with 51% could arbitrarily change value (by double spending coins, blocking propagation, and a number of other exploits).  Recent papers, though, show the threat is possible far below 51%.
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:10:33
I used the term "implementation issues" to specifically distinguish them from the theoretical flaws of the protocol.  This is standard usage in the literature, so I am not sure why you consider this confusing.
Actual, theoretical flaws of Bitcoins are discussed in the literature all the time.  For instance, here is a fairly popular paper on lower limits of the selfish miner attack:
And here is a paper describing block discarding and difficulty raising attacks:
I'm not making this up to cause a stir.  I am earnestly trying to understand what distinctions people make to justify promoting this currency.  None of this is purely theoretical, either, since the largest mining collective has held large enough proportion of the computational power to perform these exploits for quite some time now.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:03:24
But there are numerous known exploits possible at less than 51% these days.  In fact, a number of the "51% issues" are possible with benefit (just not certainty) far below 51%.  So...?
@_date: 2014-07-11 20:32:10
Actually, most standard texts on monetary theory say nothing about "government".  "Fiat currency" has always meant simply "lacking intrinsic value" or "absent a specie standard".  Some definitions of "fiat currency" from regular books one would see in classes on monetary theory are:
"one that is not backed by reserves of precious metals" 
Modern Monetary Theory by L. Randal Wray
"one which has value only because demands to hold it impinge on a limited quantity controlled by a monetary authority"
Monetary Theory by Alan A. Rabin
The term "fiat" was used in a derogatory fashion to explain that the value was "by fiat - ie. just because it is said so".  It is an expression of the arbitrary nature of it's value.  This is from it's latin meaning of "let it be so" or "let it be done".
This is why books on monetary theory have two different classes: currencies of commodity and currencies by fiat.  All mention of government has ever been solely from the fact that fiat currencies require some restriction on arbitrary production, and this is typically done through restrictions of law.
Can you give me any single difference in the monetary theory of fiat currencies and Bitcoin?  Any one, from any of the fine texts out there is fine.
@_date: 2014-10-25 14:31:29
He seems like a hand-wavy jerk.  That said, Yermack's arguments are pretty solid...
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:00:17
There is a well accepted definition of"intrinsic value" here, used for centuries.  If not used as a value store, can it be consumed in an industry?  Metals can be consumed by makers, grains by food preparation, etc.  Can a string of bytes whose hash has a set number of leading zeros be used for anything else?  
@_date: 2014-07-13 00:12:25
Do you enjoy using words completely removed from their historical meaning?  I mean, that's totally cool, there is no commandment on high for the true and righteous semantics, we all participate in language evolution... But... You can't seriously start arguments by pulling some arbitrary definition out of your butt and telling someone they are wrong for using traditional meaning correctly.Commodity currencies have a historical meaning in human utility.
@_date: 2014-07-18 01:22:33
I am having a very hard time understanding what you are referring to.  Bitcoin is currently in it's inflationary phase - precisely because mining still occurs.  This is the same as all fiat inflationary policies.  There are transactions occurring frequently.  The current pressure for holdings is to ride the speculation and growth.
But speculation is not value store - it is gambling.  The true value is in the growth and transaction.  All models show that when mining has completed (and even slightly before then when it has decreased significantly), and holding increases, there comes a point where value hits maxima.  Value doesn't grow by holding onto something and doing nothing with it.  What theory of value says anything like that?
At this point where mining has stopped, value reached it's maxima, and storing is the norm, the models all show a fundamental instability: sell-off lowers the value and induces more sell off.  There is an accelerating rush to sell-off.  There is no known mechanism to add value back into the system.  Speculation won't exist with prices dropping, there is no benefit to saving or adding value to the store, there is no further mining to offset.  No economic model has found a way around this.  None.
@_date: 2014-09-26 15:02:20
I think it's widely suspected that Goldman Sachs is the economic warfare arm of the US government.  From their involvement in the European defaults to the Arab spring, they have done much to restructure the political landscape globally.
@_date: 2014-12-04 00:35:13
What is being debated?  You don't debate a "thing" like Bitcoin, you debate "resolutions" about things.
For instance, here might be good starts:
* Resolution: "Bitcoin's valuation is a greater fool process on a speculative commodity"
* Resolution: "Bitcoin is exploitable at less than 50% hash"
* Resolution: "Increased vendor adoption is uncorrelated to user adoption"
* Resolution: "Transaction frequency is uncorrelated with valuation"
* Resolution: "It is unethical to make claims that the price of Bitcoin will rise or convince others to buy by those who hold the commodity."
* Resolution: "Bitcoin is a fiat currency"
If you actually choose something to debate, you can actually make some progress on finding common ground and attack real disagreements.  As described, though, this seems like it is mostly a means for various sides to yell at each other and make vague hand-wavy comments in grandiose style to score circus points.
@_date: 2014-12-18 17:10:59
It's actually far easier, since they don't need boots on the ground.  You connect to a node, or a wallet site, or exchange?  Their ISPs know.  And Bitcoin is not anonymous, so history is easily tracked.
@_date: 2014-10-15 20:22:24
I think that much of this is overblown, unprofessional, and clearly shows poor business acumen.  I am willing to take downvotes in pointing this out, as I don't believe you understand any of this.
First, the delays all appeared in order.  Yes, you were frustrated that the dates were not as promised, as anyone would be.  But bill validators do need to be upgraded for major currency changes - I have seen this for years in the slot machine business.  That is entirely normal, and I am sure no judge will "side with you" on some kind of damages here.  Additionally, shipping cross-borders around the world is a tricky process, and it is often the case when dealing with a provider who does not have experience with a border, or even when they have some experience but not with a particular problem that is encountered, there are delays.  Again, no judge will find any damages there.
You, as a business man, chose to rent space without having in your stock the device you wanted to place there.  That is no one's fault but your own.  This is horrible business practice.  It does not matter if you wanted to "reserve the space to prevent it being rented out to others" or any other reason.  You chose to pay for space without having an item to place there in your stock, and the months spent paying for empty space should be thought of as tuition in learning some very basic business fundamentals.  You don't put your money on the line under expectations of others unless you have contractual repayment (which you would never get for something like this where delays are always expected).
Afterwards, you received a buggy product.  That is unfortunate.  It does not sound like these are very good products in general, and you were one who experienced that.  Hopefully the terms of your purchase include refund terms or the country you are in has statutes that provide for minimal refund terms which you can use.  In that case, a judge will certainly agree you should have the exact money you provided to that vendor.  But no more.  All your other expenses were your choice, not theirs, and no judge will reasonably grant you any of them.  And if you don't have preexisting refund terms or statutes in your favor, you will not even receive those (though you can keep the kiosk).
However, you have done some real damage to your case with this post.  You are attempting to poison the jury pool if jury trial is possible here (I don't know the statutes).  You have made claims against Robocoin that they owe you money for expenses you made unrelated to them.  You are showing publicly that your business does not have good financial skills, something that is typically not a good thing if you are trying to get into a financial industry.  This shows so many bad choices on your part, and any judge who reads this (and they will if this proceeds in any meaningful way) will start to form negative views of your part in this entire exchange, as it is hard to see how confidence can be maintained in nonlegal recourse from here on.
Look, I'm not some Robocoin mole trying to tell you this.  They appear to be scum in their more recent dealings with you and probably should not be trusted in general.  But your earlier frustration with delays may have triggered some of your negative interaction, and most of your expenses appear to be due to really poor business skill by yourself.  Someone needs to point that out to you.  You don't seem to know what you are doing.
EDIT: And I think it's probably important to stress this point: the issue that you caused - the loss of money on a monthly basis due to very poor business practices - was the entire source of all your problems.  I don't think this was made clear enough above.  Because you were losing money, the very understandable and normal delays that you experienced became this anxiety-ridden experience for you and your partner.  You got reasonable responses from your supplier, which turned out to be honest responses (this was no BFL scam), you received your equipment, and the process of bringing it online encountered some more delays.  This is where you exploded.  You could not handle servicing delays and demanded what may be a request for a refund outside any attempts to bring your product up to a working condition - because you were bleeding money.  You may have sabotaged the normal progress of the contractual obligations because of this.  Others, even in this thread, have reported that the servicing works to get it functional - with other minor issues - but you could no longer wait.  You have to understand that this is all your fault.  You should never have put yourself in that position.  Delivery should have been to your business premises (yes, I realise you weren't a real business - this is part of the problem).  Setup should have ensured it was brought to a working condition there and was movable.  Then you could have procured a location and moved it.  You cut corners, hoping to get a money making machine.  You took the risks.  Now you are upset that the risks were bad ones.  You soured the communications because of your own poor judgement.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:41:09
No.  At any time, you can have every node in the network confirming a different transaction.  Exclusivity is per-node, and the distributed system of Bitcoin allows perfect concurrency of transaction.  In fact, concurrency (on the most appropriate nodes to confirm your self-transaction) provides the greatest chance of success as there is no time decay of possible block discovery between.
And the 50% attack still destroys excludability, and there is even chance of transaction control by any miner below 50% through withholding manipulations.
The point on DRM is that it is a much more perfectly private good, with far better parameters than bitcoin.  Rival excludability is easy to prove mathematically without percentage loss like bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-05 23:47:54
Yes, this is common to all deflationary currencies.  They are inelastic to downturns and typically are driven out of circulation.  Without intrinsic value, every econometric model I have seen predicts that when speculation ends, the value will drop and a sell off will cause collapse.  See, for instance, Gomez-Gonzalez and Parra-Polania or the work by Ciaian, Rajcaniova, and Kancs.  
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:08:52
It is sad that you broke contract, made bad business decisions (paying rent when you did not have in your stock something to put there???), and are continuing blaming a company that has now gone outside contract to give you more than was required.  You seem like a little baby here with this tantrum.  You do not seem honorable in any way.  Enjoy the patting on the back from everyone - I hope it helps you forget how this entire incident is your fault.
@_date: 2014-12-17 07:10:02
But you do have transaction fees...And it's slower than digital bank transfers.And since it's only source of valuation is as a speculative asset, it can only retain value through conversion to a legal tender.  Exchanges all go through banks to move legal tender around.
@_date: 2014-12-11 07:58:27
It's not the answer people downvoted.  They just want their cats to have some supervision.
@_date: 2014-12-18 15:08:08
It has nothing to do with price.  It has to do with direction.
@_date: 2014-09-26 04:25:43
Maybe not understanding how exchanges work is just a sore point, with the whole "every Bitcoin exchange ends up a scam in the end" thing...
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:59:02
I really do not understand how people think Monero is the best method for security when you actually introduce sharing of partial secrets and the distributed signing introduces (not removes!) points of vulnerability.
So far, from the protocols I have seen, ZeroCash and other zero-knowledge proof protocols for anonymity are far superior in every metric here.  You should not have to release any identifying information in a protocol to prove transaction ownership.
I mean, clearly DarkCoin is a blunder and a half - it mixes through centralization.  But I would never be attracted to Monero as an alternative.
@_date: 2014-07-18 07:39:11
I am consistently surprised at how little people have read about the theory of Bitcoin, yet are able to claim those who have read extensively and participate in the research "have no idea".
Here you may read one of several whitepapers on Difficulty Raising attacks at less than 50%:
Here you can read the now infamous proof that no network currency can be safe over 33% from a class of attacks:
Now, can you honestly say that the Bitcoin community has done you a service by honestly and earnestly giving this information to you?  Were you aware that these were very real, mathematically proven results and not some ravings comparable to those against evolution?
I think if you understood econometric modelling and modern currency theory, you would understand that it is actually your comment that appears ignorant here.
@_date: 2014-07-21 00:24:41
It's not all relative, but the only ones affected by the absolute value of a currency are speculators.  There are two forces at play relating to currency exchange rates:
1) Speculators will determine buy/sell based on the current exchange rates versus the equilibrium rates of their models (relative to current or forecast conditions).  A currency overvalued will be unloaded; a currency undervalued will be bought.
2) Normal users of a value store will determine their hold/spend strategy based on the _change_ of exchange rate to some relatively hard mark (like USD).  If value in a currency is decreasing, people will not put the currency in savings but will be encouraged to spend it.  If a value is increasing, savings are rewarded.
These are the reasons behind inflationary currencies being used all around the world - they are stable.  Inflationary processes are stimulative - they grow economic opportunity through spending and decrease long term speculation drains.
@_date: 2014-08-06 23:15:42
That is odd...  In that paper, the data even shows a correlation between deflation and depression (of .08 growth/inflation).  The only data that does not have this correlation is when they restrict to post-1949 data and... figure 3 shows that post 1949 there were no deflationary periods!  The X's are the &gt;49 data points.
I think most economists would agree that comparing only inflationary data, the other economic factors of growth are mostly uncorrelated.  The point is that central banks tend to avoid deflationary periods these days because it is the effects of holding that are fairly well known and documented which they don't want as additional negative factors of growth.  Those are corroborated by that data.
@_date: 2014-12-28 06:48:24
So down 11% from 2013?
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:16:54
Except that bitcoin can be double-spent to some degree no matter the number of confirmations.  There is a probability curve on block confirmations that gives probability of orphaning and alternate spends, and hidden blocks alter that to make some double-spends more likely to pull off, depending on hash.
So it is not perfectly rival.
Also, several block discarding attacks show it is possible to game public pools to receive shared reward without work, and a 50% attack gives you control over all bitcoin transactions on the network, though you do not own the bitcoins behind them.
So it is not perfectly excludable.
On the other hand, DRM can provide greater security of an electronic file than a bitcoin has, because a single central distribution prevents these probabilistic issues of rivalry or the need for consensus found in bitcoin excludability.  Any file that is simply owned in a DRM framework, but not transcoded, has pure rival excludability to the extent of the security algorithm (which can be made to arbitrarily exceed the reversibility of the bitcoin signatures, for instance).
You can keep your bitcoin, though.  I know it wasn't a serious offer.
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:27:00
"3.The Bitcoin blockchain ledger is secure, meaning that, subject to exceptions that are irrelevant for purposes of this comment, all transactions entered into the ledger are effectively permanent, incorruptible, and irreversible."
That was my favorite part.  This is the whole point of regulation, and he has to lie to make his point.  The ledger is actually not secure, for several widely known reasons, some mentioned in the first whitepaper. The one point that matters in any way to the question of regulation is falsely portrayed and immediately forgotten.  The rest is simply an assumption that regulators do not understand the technology and general bloviation.
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:20:40
Apartheid refers to the segregation of the groups in Gaza and the West Bank and the prevention of their own economic self-determination by barriers to standard sovereign state rights like open trade.  Apartheid is used as a means to artificially change the demographics of a state by denying peoples within the state boundaries equal participation as citizens, making it possible for a desired state philosophy to appear to be chosen democratically when in reality the state could not operate democratically with the same philosophy if everyone were allowed citizen rights.  It is a means at oppressing a large population and forcing their self-exclusion as a means of growing a different population to rule.
It doesn't matter that there is any diversity in the population that is ruling.  That completely misses the meaning and reason of apartheid.  There exists a population that is excluded and controlled.  That is all apartheid is.
@_date: 2014-08-05 23:10:01
Econometric models with "adoption rate" as an input are not predictive.  You need models that have other r.v.s with differential relationships that explain adoption and value in an IVP.  Then you can perform standard research on the observable distributions of the r.v.s and provide robustness analysis on the evolution of the system.
This is pretty standard.  If this wasn't obvious fanfiction, my second guess would be an instance of "if you can do it, you do it, otherwise X" (enter government, teach, etc.).
@_date: 2014-10-30 20:52:19
Both of these are possible and have indeed been seen.  
The no-transaction propagation is faster than block transmission with transaction and incentivizes the failure to transact, which was considered a serious enough problem that a solution was created explicitly for it.  It's not known how many, if any, of current blocks without transactions were intentional for this purpose, obviously, but there is a significantly larger number of such blocks than expected by statistics of time-to-hit.
If you mine a block, hold on to it, and mine additional blocks, you can statistically get more of your blocks on the chain than competitors.  This is a known issue in the protocol, and there are a number of papers that address this.  Lear Bahack has been one of the leading researchers into this area, and has continued to sound the alarms around this vulnerability.
There was a discovery of just such an issue in June that caused quite a stir.  On the Eligius pool, several miners were found to have been withholding blocks and diverting resources towards the exploit.  This was able to create an additional 300BTC in production for the exploiters, though due to the payout mechanism of Eligius, 200BTC were blocked from payout to the miners.  There is some belief that withholding is more common than reported, as it is not as easy to detect statistically and may be masked through a variety of release schedule strategies.
"On Subversive Miner Strategies and Block Withholding Attack in Bitcoin Digital Currency"
Nicolas T. Courtois and Lear Bahack
arXiv:1402.1718v4 [cs.CR] 6 Jul 2014
"In this paper we have described and analyzed a specific
practical block withholding attack which to the best of our
knowledge is a new and original block withholding attack.
It generalizes the Sabotage attack of [21] and achieves
superior gains for the subversive miners."
"On the Phase Space of Block-Hiding Strategies in Bitcoin-like networks"
Assaf Shomer
arXiv:1402.4233v1 [cs.CR] 18 Feb 2014
"We calculate the probability of success of block-hiding mining strategies in Bitcoin-like net-
"Theoretical Bitcoin Attacks with less than Half of the Computational Power"
Lear Bahack
arXiv:1312.7013v1 [cs.CR] 25 Dec 2013
"In the paper we analyze two kinds of attacks based on two theoretical
flaws: the Block Discarding Attack and the Difficulty Raising Attack.
We argue that the current theoretical limit of attackers fraction of total
computational power essential for the security of the system is in a sense
not 1/2 but a bit less than 1/4 , and outline proposals for protocol change that
can raise this limit to be as close to 1/2 as we want."
@_date: 2014-10-29 19:52:52
The notoriously anti-Israel [Times of Israel]( among numerous other international anti-Israel [news agencies]( have recently covered the most recent working papers by the anti-Israel [World Bank]( on the struggles of Palestinians to grow an economy in the face of Israeli restrictions.
Obviously, the biggest impediment to growth, as detailed, is the inability to grow economies of scale due to the restrictions on mechanism of transport in trade, but times of trade crossing, allowed trade routes, and numerous other restrictions on trade are listed in the report.
PS: I am not anti-Israel.  I believe it has been made clear by world action through hundreds of years of pograms culminaing in the Holocaust that peoples of the Jewish faith need a safe place to live under their own rule, and zionism is inherently a good response to history.  This does not mean one cannot have disagreements with the actual government currently in control of Israel or it's actions on neighboring peoples.  It also does not mean that one should fail to call apartheid by it's name when it is found, due some desire to not offend.
@_date: 2014-12-04 20:34:02
Since I have posted links to at least 6 research journal articles myself over there over the past half-year, and I have read others, you must have missed them.  However, I am glad that you read the subreddit regularly, as I think even the ironic and comedic posts about false beliefs are typical good at bringing needed skepticism to certain prevailing beliefs around here.  I hope more ers can do the same, potentially helping to mediate the predatory behavior of pumping that is common here.
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:47:05
I think probably the biggest thing that would get high upvotes there would be to see a big name in the Bitcoin community (Andreessen, Antonopoulos, etc.) actually making a public statement cautioning against placing large savings into Bitcoin until the primary flaws are resolved.  Until the proper form of cryptocurrency is engineered, placing value in Bitcoin should only be seen as helping beta-test a proof-of-concept with known flaws, and not a serious place to put value.  Typically, these big names instead spend much of their publicity to unethically pump the speculation bubble.
Alternatively, any research showing how to resolve the primary flaws would likely be an interesting (though controversial) post there.
Barring fantasy, though, something like the research of Nicolas Houy showing that altcoins using proof-of-stakes do not resolve the main flaws of Bitcoin ( see  ) is something I'd imagine would be interesting to the community for several reasons.  It's interesting from the technical angle, and also reinforces that the flaws are very difficult problems (something that could be popular for reasons of anything from schadenfreud to recognition that their own understanding of the difficulty is well-founded).
The growing relevance is troubling only because it is economic disaster in waiting and irresponsible to present in only a positive light.
@_date: 2014-07-11 21:50:38
The monetary authority imposing scarcity in Bitcoin is the protocol.  That is the law here.  Yes, laws are absolute until they change.  There has already been a hard fork of the block chain once.  Nothing is absolute.
@_date: 2014-08-26 21:45:20
Not sure if you read my comment but:


Bitcoin is not the only option, and there is pressure to use altcoins if use of Bitcoin only adds value to those who are speculative investors.  There is in fact, no effective cap on supply because using other equal systems is effectively a no-op.
(Also, as an aside, it really is not the most secure distributed ledger in existence.  First, a number of financial institutions use higher cryptography across branches in their networks - which are both secret distributed ledgers and centrally controlled so they do not suffer any of the known trust attacks like 51% - but more importantly, an extremely important part of security is anonymity and Bitcoin doesn't offer that.  Instead, you need something like zerocash to get true anonymity without trust.)
@_date: 2014-07-19 00:19:55
The attack shows a particular form of selfish mining attack that has benefit with far under 50% network (even under 10% - the threshold for attack is any stake above 0 but benefit is miniscule until larger).  Selfish mining, though, has been a known attack from Satoshi's initial whitepaper - they simply showed how to gain benefit at lower than 50%.  They then proved that no distributed production currency protocol based on exclusively proof-of-work blockchains (like Bitcoin) could protect above 33%, and they proposed changes to the Bitcoin protocol to protect up to 25%.
There has been no "debunking" of this mathematical proof.  You are free to point anyone reading to such a "debunking", but it is fairly well known in the community that their paper is valid.  It's been featured in Bitcoin Magazine, discussed in conferences, etc.  What has occurred in response is that some next generation altcoins like Nxtcoin and Peercoin are working to use proof-of-stake techniques to fix these vulnerabilities.  However, other research (like that of Nicolas Houy) has shown flaws in these approaches.
It is an open problem if there is a way to build a cryptocurrency that avoids these issues.  There are a number of teams currently working on this problem.  None of that helps Bitcoin, though.
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:57:23
Now calculate what happens if people who transfer money don't like to give away trilions of value to people who sit around doing nothing, and instead use many altcoins and a simple exchange layer to abstract out which one is being used in any given transfer.  
Doing that brings a potentially infinite coinage.  Dividing by that gives a completely different answer.  What odds would you give that people with money don't want to randomly give value to those who sit around doing nothing?
@_date: 2014-07-23 22:02:21
The price of gas has not even recovered from the 2008 crash, and has been pretty flat for the past 3 years.  It was rising during the peak time of the war in Iraq, certainly, but that was before QE.
As for the "your 401k is based on USD" line, I guess that's true if your 401k is a savings account.  If it's stocks and aggregates, it's based on economic performance of businesses.  Outside shocks and dependent relationships, most business have valuation fairly independent of the ambient currencies involved in their trade.  As currency devalues, workers get paid more of the currency, prices of the goods in that currency go up, and business tend to keep their relative valuations (business valuation tends to fluctuate quite a bit relative to stable currencies, but that is an entirely different issue).
However, those who seek (even expect) to make large sums by doing nothing are typically looking for speculation bubbles, not real value dynamics.  These happen (with sad frequency), but are extremely destructive and unstable.
@_date: 2014-07-15 03:52:52
Simple econometrics show that inflationary currency drives spending, whereas noninflationary currency drives holding.  That is the exact scenario of Gresham's law, and why noninflationary fiat (or non-specie if one doesn't want people crying) loses value over time as it leaves the world of economic transactions.  
@_date: 2014-12-31 19:45:41
How about try this:  Can you explain why 2-confirms, 3-confirms, etc. are suggested?  Can you put into words what the fear is if a transaction has "already made it into the blockchain"?
You will see by spelling it out that there is no such thing as "the blockchain".  Instead, there are various blockchains worked on by each miner, depending on their local view of the world, and blocks that appeared to be mined are sometimes orphaned when another miner propagates a different blockchain that doesn't include the block.  This is rare in the current world, but in a 51% hash rate controlled world, the controller can rebuild the blockchain any way they want because they can outrace and win the rest of the network.
This is a pretty crucial thing to understand if you are proposing different confirmation rules or trying to dispel myths about such.
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:19:32
The Eyal/Sirer paper showed that the selfish mining threat was far lower than the 51% threshold and that it is actually impossible to come up with a protocol that can protect over 33%.  They proposed a modification that could potentially resolve the issue up to 25%.  I agree there is a lot of misinformation about selfish-mining, but I think it is often in the wrong direction (the false belief that it is much harder than it actually is).
The technical impasse for Bitcoin is that you cannot change the algorithm around the blockchain without throwing away value store.  You have to actively migrate to a different currency chain to resolve most of the issues.
@_date: 2014-07-05 18:37:28
How would classify "well-enough"?  From what I have seen, implementation issues have allowed hackers to steal somewhere between 7-10% of all Bitcoins ever made, just from the well-publicized thefts (Mt. Gox, Sheep Marketplace, Linode, Rackspace, Silk Road 2.0, inputs.io, etc.).
The manipulation signatures show value theft of even greater, but that is of course speculative.
Is security not the criteria for currency usability you are using?  If not what is?
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:07:00
That appears to be the Wikipedia definition, but it is not the one used in modern monetary theory.  Looking at the wiki talk page, it appears there has been discussion that this was changed explicitly by those supporting Bitcoin as non-fiat.  What is the purpose of wanting to change the common technical definition of fiat currency, used for hundreds of years?  The standard definition in monetary theory is simply "one that is not backed by reserves of precious metals" (see "Modern Monetary Theory" by L. Randal Wray) or a currency which "has value only because demands to hold it impinge on a limited quantity controlled by a monetary authority" ("Monetary Theory" by Alan A. Rabin).  Any mention of government has only ever been incidental to the fact that only central banks have been the historical issuers of fiat (since restriction on production was controlled by law).  That is completely irrelevant to it's monetary theory or the use of the term historically.
As to the concepts I mention, they are standard in the cryptocurrency research community.  I mean no disrespect, but I believe you may be the one who needs to read up more here.  Others have commented with understanding.
EDIT: I see your initial sentences about my not understanding anything about bitcoin and needing to do some reading have been removed.  I thank you for that, but it might make my comment appear rather rude out of context.  So I'm putting this edit as explanation.
@_date: 2014-07-30 08:46:53
Why does "bitscan wants to track your physical location"?  I rarely get that notice from my browser, and usually only from shady sites.
@_date: 2014-09-19 21:31:54
Well, the point is that you sell based on expected ROI and time-to-recoup.  An honest business can make the evaluation: "I have X remaining in spent costs I was looking to recover in 3 months, and then expected 6 months of profits needed before reinvestment, for total gain Y in 9 months.  Business Q is offering to buy my operation for Y+&lt;something significant enough to matter&gt; and a noncompete today.  I can take that money and reinvest in other business ventures that have even better returns now that I've pushed up the date and value.  It makes sense for me to sell."  
Y doesn't even really need to be added to.  The time-to-profit has been pushed months ahead of schedule, which means faster ROI and no overhead for those months.  That's already huge.  But it can be added to, because the sell is not for honest merchant purposes, and there are hidden monetary gains forecast.
The point, though, really has nothing to do with that.  Even in the classic DarkCoin system, the masternodes are trusted nodes, as they control identity (and value during transactions).  They store an escrow to guard against misuse, but this is against the movement to trustless systems and a security weakness.  This proposal, though, concentrates the trust requirements far more than ever before.  Those masternodes could already be corrupt - no one has to buy them.  I was just making a point on the cost calculations.
I have to be open, though, that I find the zero-knowledge proof technologies in things like ZeroCash to be far greater tools for anonymity than the mixing methods used by some Bitcoin users and DarkCoin and related.  I am far more open to true anonymity in a trustless system than "hidden by trusted agents" systems, where you don't even know the "trusted agents".
@_date: 2014-11-16 01:56:31
Uh... The point was that it is clear to everyone who can make logical connections what MRA has to do with this, with an example of someone else making the connection.  But clearly, because this needs to be explained, logical connections are not going to happen here.
@_date: 2014-07-21 00:36:17
Daniel, the image is ugly and offensive.  It does nothing to own a slur - it perpetuates it.  You clearly do not care that you are bringing more hatred in the world.
@_date: 2014-09-25 18:41:23
So human dynamics don't fit Bitcoin very well?  That is not good news for Bitcoin.
As the modern theory of value has confirmed time and time again, economics is simply about human drives.  Demand is simply human desire.  There may be biological reasons for us to have those drives: hunger drives and sex drives are pretty obvious about their reasonings.  But advertising preying on popularity drives or thrill drives or even very subtle drives clearly show demand comes from many places in the human psyche.
That's all those "old words" talk about.  An asset is something demanded that is not fully consumed in the economic activity.  A currency is used as valuation for drives.  A commodity is an object or action that resolves a drive.
If you can't tap in to human needs and desires, you are invisible to economics.
@_date: 2014-10-30 18:47:06
It's still a speculatively valued commodity.  The greater fool doesn't mean you will actually find a greater fool, only that your reason for purchase was that hope (whether consciously realised or just through action).  Selling now to hedge your losses with another fool who as higher hopes is still playing the same game, just on a different arm of the curve.
No matter what people profess, no matter their conscious beliefs about their actions, all research clearly shows that the valuation process of Bitcoin is almost exclusively through speculation on it's limited supply.  They still want to buy low and sell high, and the actual actions of people demonstrate that.  This subreddit is full of those who post about why they think it will become worth more.  That is the point of greater fool theory as a guide to action.
@_date: 2014-09-19 20:33:57
So if 10 malicious master nodes became chosen one round, they can suddenly allow double spending for their agents around the network?  It seems like this isn't avoiding a sybil, it is implementing one.
I'm also confused at the analysis of the odds to get a masternode based on creating new ones and the total escrow cost.  I would imagine most attackers would purchase existing masternodes at some premium off-chain.  You buy 1000 existing masternodes and you have 100% of the masternode network instead of 50% when new, so worth is far greater when the supply is not increased.
@_date: 2014-08-26 23:05:23
There is no moat.  It really is that simple.
If you are simply using the protocol to transfer value between endpoints, then it doesn't matter to you which coin the protocol represents.  You toss a distributed exchange layer on top and you can automatically transfer value without ever seeing a cryptocurrency.
Why would someone do that?  Well, there *is* economic pressure to not give away value to others who simply hold the currency as a speculative investment.  If you just always use Bitcoin, and all transactions and value store move to Bitcoin, then the trillions in worldwide economic value translate to millions per Bitcoin.  Obviously, a lot of speculators like to imagine such scenarios, but no one with wealth is going to give away trillions in value to those who happen to be holding on to Bitcoin and have actually contributed nothing to the economy.  
Instead, there is incentive to distribute value transfer to make the scarcity affecting any individual coin negligibly increased by the transaction.  Economic incentive.  So: real incentive.
Liquidity (as you mention and the article you link does) is the whole point!  No matter what liquidity Bitcoin may offer, Bitcoin+49 other altcoins offers more.  If you transfer value with a bundle of currencies, you alter the value of any one of them far less than if you had placed the entire transaction in them.
There has never been a moat to any of these technologies.  There's no magic cross-currency scarcity.  Network effects are not a moat, and network effects disappear the moment anyone wants to make the technology a serious value transfer protocol for major wealth holders like corporations.  At that point, algorithms and arbitrage will strip even the speculation out of the values of the currencies.
@_date: 2014-07-27 01:05:47
Common sense shows there is centuries of research on deflationism in currency and it's effects.  Deflation inspires vicious spirals of speculation (and there are numerous real world examples here), and this removes currency from circulation and destroys wealth in bubbles.  The econometric models are very clear here: if a currency is deflationary, it inspires holding and creates environments where speculative runs may be beneficial to those who control them.  Inflationary currencies, on the other hand, inspire spending (since holdings will lose value).  This drives industry growth and healthy economies, and is stable against speculation.
This is the primary economic reason why all world currencies are inflationary these days.  And also why the last deflationary currency collapsed horribly, as did most others before it (that did not smoothly make the transformation).
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:33:06
Ouch.  This is one of the most painful, awkward, broken things I have read in a while.  The tween-emo injections of "yes, it is and it always has been, looked it up if you don't believe me" and "Contrary to popular Keynsian [sic] math, you really don't get something for nothing" only make him look like a tool, and I honestly don't think he realises how badly this whole piece is put together.
I think more people need to realise that writing an article about how you impressed a bunch of people with your intelligence in a presentation is just never a good idea.  You are not the appropriate person to write about how others took your ideas, and doing so only makes you look self-involved and emotionally stunted.
@_date: 2014-09-24 15:51:30
Um, no.  My argument was pointing out the major econometric flaw in your use of gold as a counterexample of increasing supply and valuation.  I was pointing to consumption of the gold supply because of utility, not value from utility.  This should be clear from my use of standard economic language formed in grammatically correct sentences.
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:33:27
Thank you for your earnest response.  However, I am familiar with that site and have a fairly good understanding of the solutions discussed there and in journal articles.  Mostly, it seems pretty widely acknowledged that these flaws (as opposed to the more newsmaking implementation issues) are innate to the protocol and a solution requires a different currency, though.  
Every time I have asked a more technical crowd about this ethics of promotion concern, I usually get the response that the technical crowd is concerned more about finding better currency protocols and resolving the issues and don't explicitly promote.  I thought asking here was more fruitful, as there is active promotion.
Again, I appreciate your response!
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:36:51
Recreating an entire platform to add something that should be done in external layers that simply plug in to existing functionality shows a lack of architectural knowledge.  The method of integration of the bitcoin tip into the dist.min javascript shows a number of issues with modularity that would make additional features added in the future just as difficult as adding anew.
@_date: 2014-11-30 02:12:37
It's not just models and theoretical.  They have done a number of actual studies on Bitcoin market dynamics which all show it to be a speculatively valued commodity with no measurable base.  They look for correlations with transactions, adoption, etc. and only find it valued purely on the hope that it can sell for more.  People actually behave as if it is greatest fool game given the supply algorithm.  They have tested the models of pro-Bitcoin explanations in the literature and nothing is found.So when you see people absolutely believing without doubt that it will rise in value, it's not just ethically questionable as an attempt to pump value, but it's counter to all available evidence.
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:16:59
Here's mine:  How did this get to be about a 7 year old?  It's not your trolls who brought this up.  They're not stalkers with binoculars across the street from your house.It was you that brought his age into it.  It was you that took his picture and posted it on the website.  Or you allowed some other adult to do this, it's all the same.What does this have to do with his business?  It is sleazy, it is exploitative, and generally quite frowned on in the parenting world.If he wants to sell mugs online, do it without any appeal to his age or who he is.  If he wants to set up a stand at a local swap meet or in an open market, great.  People don't mind kids selling things, and when people ask, he can explain the whole story in his words.Do you know the difference?  If you don't, you are not being a very good parent. In the online world, people can lie and deceptively place pictures of children unrelated to an enterprise as a sleazy means of eliciting business.  It is a good practice to ignore all such sites so as not to create demand for that kind of business.  Everyone who has attacked this BitMugs is doing a good thing and promoting good capitalist econometric forces.A kid selling things in person, though, is demonstrating their work.  People can ask how they thought of it, what they are doing it for, etc.  Then, goodhearted people who want to promote life lessons may use the kids age as a good reason to purchase.That's my problem.  Supporting this sleazy business only promotes a niche for more sleaze.
@_date: 2014-07-11 21:52:59
And really... "Keynesian"??  Could you be any more of a caricature?  Of course you don't care about monetary theory.  Clearly many don't.  But railing against Keynesians and fiat currency is about as cartoonish as it gets, and looks particularly foolish when used against someone pointing out some facts on commodity-based currency.
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:56:38
I would say most of the renaming of threads quite cleverly point out the flaws in the utopic ideation of the original poster.  It is quite common for those into Bitcoin to feel themselves intellectually superior to anyone who doesn't know about, and even those who have valid concerns about it's adoption.  These threads are populated with people who will regularly and repeatedly attack those who point out certain flaws by challenging their understanding of Bitcoin, even after it has become quite apparent that those attacking are the ones who were unfamiliar of the research.  Pointing out that a high school student is perpetuating this Dunning-Kruger pattern (with a title self-gratifyingly pointing to intelligence!) with a simple deflationary alternative is quite clever and bitingly satirical at the same point.  It's certainly not intended for the audience it is discussing, though - it's target is the buttcoin audience who can appreciate.
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:50:27
Rub3x is clearly not a troll.  His positions are consistent.  He's not saying things to start arguments, he's debating a side or correcting. This is yet another example of having no idea what a troll is.
@_date: 2014-12-04 18:23:06
Some people who have worked on cryptocurrency research believe it is unethical to promote a commodity that only gets it's value by selling to someone at a higher price, because that is a pure bubble dynamic and ends up screwing people over in the end (the "greatest fools" in common economic speak).  They encountered people who outright lied or deflected when they came to discuss some of the issues with the currency with this reddit, and found that any attempts to actually discuss the numerous journal papers on Bitcoin dynamics (either on the unstable dynamics of the valuation or the technical flaws and vulnerabilities of the protocol) resulted in attacks from the regulars on the reddit.  So those people also went over to where such discussions occur with some regularity.
But sure, some people just like to be negative.  There are many reasons one would have an interest in discussing cryptocurrencies.  In cryptographic security, the professionals actually admire and promote hackers that try to find flaws in a system, as they promote better systems.  It is not good for only sycophants to discuss something as important as where people store value, as people's lives can be ruined.
@_date: 2014-12-05 01:04:28
Your understanding of the theory of value is quite mistaken.  I cannot spend a lot of time educating you on this, but I can offer some guidelines if you truly have any interest.
Jewelry, art, etc. have value because of psychological drives for aesthetic things.  All value is psychological, but not all value is due to aesthetic drives (some come from hunger drives, or fear drives, or sex drives, or drives to feel appreciated, etc.).  Aesthetic works are still _consumed_, though.  Upon having them, they satisfy the drive.
All modern economic schools agree on that, whether they be neoclassical, Austrian, post-Keynsian, Neo-Ricardianism, etc.  There is so much research validating this that it is canon pretty much everywhere.  Trillion dollar industries like marketing depend on this.
So how do you know whether something is _consumed_ versus _held for speculation_?  Economic research looks to the behavior of those who purchased the commodity.  What triggers sells?  Sell volume that increases near peaks (or causes peaks) and similarly increases towards extended lulls has speculative character, whereas that which stays fairly correlated to the demand indicators signal drive value.
There are statistical ways to extract these two components and follow them over time.  Gold and oil obviously have speculative components - most commodities do.  But they also clearly have base valuation from their consumption.  The world would stop much critical functioning without oil.  Hunger, heating, and numerous other drives would not be met at current demand.  You can see gold base value in the necklaces, earings, wedding rings, teeth adornment, and numerous other items that are bought simply for aesthetic appreciation, and which are not sold off at peaks or extended lulls but instead follow cycles of ownership tied to the people whose drives they satisfy.  That decoupled background activity, which actually exceeds speculative use considerably, is crucial to providing a bottom when gold bubbles burst (which they do).  15% of all gold mined each year is consumed in industry, which is quite significant to it's value as well as well.
Finally, as to your comment on mining and value, you seemed to have again not understood what I was saying.  Sure, miners will get value (for now) from Bitcoin.  But that has nothing to do with the economy moving to completely use Bitcoin, so all transaction value moving over, meaning the total transaction span of the world being now accomodated by Bitcoin, which spread across the limited supply means that even 1 bitcoin is hundreds of thousands of dollars (which is the argument people sell to try to pump Bitcoin).  To do that, industry would have to put that valuation into the total worth, but they wouldn't receive most of that value.  Instead that would be transferred to the hodlers.  And nobody will do that.  Never.  It's laughable.  Because there is nothing special about Bitcoin that a complete and perfect Bitcoin clone with a different blockchain couldn't do, and that money wouldn't be wasted in growing the worth.  It is a silly dream that scammers use to sell their coins off to fools who want to make money doing nothing.
@_date: 2014-08-06 20:28:41
I've done econometric models on exactly this issue.  There are forces that can drive people to store value in cryptocurrencies different than Bitcoin, including direct consequences of deflationary holding and need for liquidity in transaction.
However, these models have so far shown only collective value instability.  No one will drive up the value of Bitcoin and give hodlers free value for sitting around when they can use Bitcoin7 or Bitcoin23 or altcoinX to transfer value with little value change to others.  That's the primary pressure.  And all that is needed to make this automatic and transparent to an enduser is a generic exchange layer that can be inserted to the transaction process.
This means, if these models are correct, Bitcoin will not have long term deflationary value.  There is no scarcity control here that works because people can just switch value transfer protocols.  And everything I have seen or tried just shows that value decays towards zero.  It probably would not reach exactly zero, as there is value in the secure, distributed transaction process, but that is a transient value of cents in the coinage of a transaction.
However, this is not the main problem for Bitcoin right now.  Even with artificial scarcity, most models from other economists are showing deflationary pressure is not the primary source of value right, but instead it is speculation.  We may never have deflationary pressure driving use of altcoins as speculative bubbles are themselves unstable.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:23:31
Yet Israel controls the economic self-determination of the Palestinians by blocking trade.  You can pretend they are not in Israel, but the Israeli government makes many decisions for them.
@_date: 2014-07-18 00:16:10
I hope you can see from the downvotes (and yet no comments claiming inaccuracies in my questions) that this is a community of cowards and liars that avoid the hard truths about their currency.  I think it is very concerning that there is such a hard push for legitimacy where both theoretically and practically there has been no evidence that the currency deserves legitimacy.  If 10% of all US dollars had been stolen over a 3 year period, that would be considered a historical crime.  If the price of the US dollar could be manipulated by sources completely unknown out pseudonymous endpoints by any entity with enough resources, the dollar would not be a multinational store of value.
You do know, I hope, that there has not been one econometric study of the dynamics of bitcoin value that does not predict it will crash when more coins can no longer be mined?  The public should not begin to think that this is a safe place to store value when economists can't even show it.
Why do you think these posts would be downvoted and attempted to be hidden from you if this was a currency with a strong theoretical foundation and rationale?
EDIT: I want to keep the above as is, but amend the sentiment.  The community is not of cowards and liars.  But there are elements in the community who are, a vocal, active group that is compelled to downvote, avoid, and generally attack anything that challenges their worldview.  There are good people in the community - I have met with a number of people who do earnestly desire to create a better currency, fully understanding that the current Bitcoin is fundamentally flawed and will likely collapse without changes.  I have worked on theories of distributed value with them and understand the hard effort, nights of mathematical insight, etc. that they enjoy.
I think it is wrong to attack a community for the appearance put forth by it's most vocal members.  This is a problem faced in the Islamic community, where the majority of Muslims I have met are hard working, good-hearted people who just want peace, yet there are those talking heads of xenophobia that blame the entire community for the vehemence of fundamentalism and ask why the peace-lovers are not more visible.  Similarly, I think those who want to have an earnest discussion of the risks of Bitcoin are drowned out by those who don't care about the risks, would rather lie to others that such risks do not exist, hide these facts from regulators, and feel deep anger and resentment any time such are mentioned.  Those who reflexively press the downvote even on posts that are truthful and open are indeed cowards, and there are many cowards and charlatans here.  But it is wrong for me to blame the community as an entity.  That kind of leap is the source logic of racism and religious conflict.  I leave my original comments above so I will be reminded of my error here.
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:54:22
This is the most likely endgame for cryptocurrency research.  The real advantage is in the ability to transaction without physical shipping.  Banks have a huge system to ship around real currency to balance what is in the electronic books.
This also resolves the stability issues of value and allow inflationary dynamics to be stimulative and defuse speculation bubbles.
@_date: 2014-09-24 15:10:24
Of course, because gold has utility and is not just a value store, it is expected to be consumed for various purposes (jewelry, industrial use etc.) and not just held for exchange.  So gold has a reason its price stays afloat, where Bitcoin is driven entirely by speculative holding.
@_date: 2014-07-25 16:55:56
Except that the utility is not in the specific cryptocurrency.  It's in the basic ability to provide a store where distributed transactioning occurs, and there are an unlimited supply of alt currencies that can provide that.  As per-coin value increases, there is pressure for transactions to spill over into altcoins.
No one is going to simply give large value to someone for no reason - particularly when there are simple alternatives.  Every model I have done on this shows that value will never inflate simply due to transaction volume.
But this is even more ludicrous right now as transaction volumes have been decreasing.  There is clearly speculation driving the current market, and these types of proclamations are irresponsibly trying to pump the bubble.
@_date: 2014-11-14 05:20:10
Are you saying that he doesn't have a book he's just releasing called "The Bitcoin Big Bang"?
@_date: 2014-07-11 20:41:08
And of course, when you look at libertarianism from the anarcholibertarian perspective, you typically find other commodity based value theories.  Proudhon, for example, ascribed to a labor theory of value and felt equality in transaction would be achieved by equality of labor.  Of course such theories fail to explain personal valuation dilemmas like the "water and diamonds" issue, which is why very few have pursued that path after Marx.  Now most schools of philosophy in general (even neo-classical and other modern schools) ascribe the psychological theory.
But even those like primitivists and other anarcholibertarian directions are still commodity based.
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:12:57
The losses/thefts/etc. that are publicly known have been documented on [this list on bitcointalk](  That list does not include MTGOX totals, but understand that if the hackers who posted total losses are correct (and they are not just "spreadsheet" bitcoins), and you include a few more I have found from news stories not on that list, then we are looking at just over 10%, which is what that story reports.
Of course, there are many reports of lost coins, misplaced wallets, computer damage, etc. not counted with that.  Those types of things are hard to quantify, particularly because there is strong (potentially 60-70% of supply) long-term holding, so ledger analysis can't determine those losses from dormant coins.
@_date: 2014-09-26 16:31:52
JPM/Chase are certainly greedy and predatory, but their involvement in multinational affairs appears to be limited to infrastructure loans after the fact, and related traditional banking and investment services.
@_date: 2014-12-04 18:41:29
Did you read the paper?  Any equilibrium is a tragedy of the commons.  This attack diminishes revenue of open pools.
@_date: 2014-12-31 17:59:20
Actually, this is exactly how the longest chain rule works.  This is why there are block withholding attacks where even &lt; 50% hash has a reasonable chance of replacing the last block with it's own plus a new one.  It is the entire reason why large value transactions should wait for 6 confirmations when there are those with 10 or 20% hash, because there is still nonvanishing possibility that a longer chain may be seen to orphan those.When &gt;50% hash is reached, blocks can be orphaned with just will and time.  You want to orphan 100 blocks?  Wait, build, publish when it is longest.  Before the great crash of 2013/2014?  It will be done.  This is how the protocol works, and why a number of exploits are possible, even &lt;50%.
@_date: 2014-07-25 07:01:22
To everyone saying that the only reason to ban is fear, I just want to point out an alternative: protection.  Sometimes, governments do things to protect their citizens.  A currency where every major econometric model shows it is unstable, where Nobel-prize winning economists point to it be driven mostly by speculation and likely a bubble, that's the kind of thing protectionist governments try to ban.  It's why many governments around the world ban gambling, for instance.  Just FYI.
@_date: 2014-07-11 17:17:13
Most libertarian economists are for commodity currencies.  Even if you are one of those fighting to change the definition of "fiat currency" so that it doesn't include Bitcoin, it is still true that Bitcoin has no specie and doesn't meet any of the requirements of traditional libertarian monetary theory.
@_date: 2014-07-23 22:03:53
@_date: 2014-08-29 05:28:56
But Japan's total job participation rate has been below the U.S. by far greater delta than the unemployment difference, so that's pretty meaningless.  And those jobs have dropped in value, and total GDP fell (by 20%!) and the CPI worsened.  Employment shifted heavily from salaried and other full time to temporary workers and far greater part-time.  In attempting stimulus, Japan went deeply in debt, to the tune of 240% of GDP, the worst debt ratio anywhere.  There's a reason Japan's Lost Decade (and now Lost Two Decades) were called that.
@_date: 2014-12-17 14:59:15
All serious economic research shows Bitcoin gets all of it's value as a speculative asset.  In other words, people buy Bitcoin in the hope of convincing someone else to buy for more.Transactions, etc. have all been shown to have no effect on value.
@_date: 2014-07-27 01:15:54
The reason most Bitcoin afficianados do not like the term "Ponzi" is because there are a number of reasons it does not fit the definition.  It's not a pyramid scheme and, of course, there is a history of fraud in the origins of the term.
However, there are those that think that the value store is zero-sum outside speculation.  This means that when speculative forces end (a "cashout" on speculative runs), the only value that will remain is the value originally stored.  This will quickly be dumped to zero if there is no speculative pressure, resulting in crash.
It would be nice to see an econometric model that shows the value changes of Bitcoin that aren't based on speculative bubbles.  It would be great to see a model that explains the characteristics of the currency and it's value volatility in some kind of legitimate way.  Unfortunately, the characteristics of Bitcoin (desire to hold, value jumps on publicity, no inherent value origin, etc.) are all characteristics of speculative bubbles.  In fact, no econometric models show otherwise.  This is why most economists distrust any long term viability for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-17 20:23:13
1) Putting your money into a store that can be manipulated by others is trusting them not to take your value.  However you look at it, that is a trust relationship.
1.5) There are tons of way to run down the currency and pull off the value with a net gain.  Double spending conversions to the dollar can bloat their value, and could potentially happen even before detection, let alone significant deflation.
2) Any organization even close to 50% (not even over) can perform a number of value draining acts that can boost their value while devaluing the currency.  If this is found to be done, the currency will crash quickly from the lack of market confidence.  It's not stable.  Bitcoin will not survive detected, explicitly known manipulation.
@_date: 2014-12-31 08:35:57
You don't have to run bitcoin core if you have 51% hash...  You are the only validator that matters...
Yes, this is one of the many many bad things that do work at &gt;50%.
@_date: 2014-08-28 21:11:49
1-3 are verifiable.  4 has a long long history of economic study, and Japan's prolonged deflationary period has caused a number of issues that are fairly well-documented.
You may call it unfair, but it is all well-accepted by economists.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:39:46
Heh.  No, your thinking is clearly not...  Us/them stuff leaves a bad taste in my mouth, so sometimes I throw a little hyperbole at it to see what happens.  Thanks for taking it in stride.
@_date: 2014-10-01 22:12:01
Haha!  Fair enough.  [Here is how Anoncoin is implementing this]( with suitable references in the bibliography.
@_date: 2014-09-22 03:34:15
Hello.  As fellow fatherless one now working as an engineer, I'll agree it is good for parents to introduce their children to important parts of life they will not encounter in schools or from their peers, like economics, sex ed, etc.
Still, teaching them to pander their age for a cheap buck to a niche market is pretty sleazy.  And not many here actually think the child had anything to do with this (other than offering their mug, so to speak).  7 year olds typically don't have the awareness of they tchotchky shops that can throw these types of things together, they rarely know how to make websites, most wouldn't know how to set up payment services... and the one that can do all that is quite remarkable indeed.  
I think most realise this is just sleazy guy pawning pics of his kid to try to make a cheap buck.
@_date: 2014-07-09 14:41:33
You don't have to be "officially collaborating or pooling" to be collaborating.  That just incentivizes private agreements.
@_date: 2015-01-16 05:53:57
Said in defense of a deflationary currency with no valuation process outside speculation and a decreasing incentive for consensus contribution?
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:51:55
A pop-math book as a learning tool??  Seriously?  I mean, certainly read pop books to be entertained, they are great ways to get some idea of the history of a topic and the people and ideas involved, but they are not good ways to _learn_.  Don't fool yourself into believing you know cryptography after reading Singh.  Maybe "Cryptography Engineering: Design Principles and Practical Applications" by Ferguson, Schneier, Kohno would be a good applied start, or "Introduction to Modern Cryptography" by Katz, Lindell for more theory here.
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:08:58
Isn't that what I said?  The teams aren't exactly the same, Truthcoin being solely Paul Sztorc and the Augur team being Jack Peterson, Joseph Krug, and handful of others, but Augur is based on the whitepapers of Sztorc and Sztorc is considered an advisor.  So I mentioned both to give credit to all those who are bringing the trustless prediction market ideas to reality.
@_date: 2015-01-13 20:07:49
The volatility that you mention is the primary econometric force behind it's valuation.  They come from the same thing - speculative asset valuation.  If you are looking for the volatility to become zero, the only region that happens is when the total value goes to zero.
There are tons of journal studies that have looked at the variables influencing Bitcoin's price, and the variables that provide correlation have all been found in speculation.  This is now well documented.
If you want an energy currency, UroCoin is the one whose value correlates with energy directly through the backing mechanism.
@_date: 2015-01-08 23:09:45
Of course, some math whiz **could** come along and figure out a new approach that makes the problem a lot easier and makes them some sort of superminer.  Hash inversion is a real field of research, and feature collision (like leading zeroes) has been found in numerous other hash functions.  There is no proof that something like that is not possible for SHA-256 (x2).  In fact, there have already been partial inversion results in the literature, and the partial breaks in SHA-1 were what eventually made the cryptographic community move away from it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 01:25:33
This and the Augur coin are some of the best uses of this technological framework I have seen, and I really hope that the ideas behind them continue to evolve.  Unfortunately, with the value so volatile and likely trending to zero, the predictions or trust valuations will be far too noisy to be useful in the current implementation.
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:57:11
Yes, but... the technology is not just Bitcoin.  It's also Litecoin and Dogecoin and Darkcoin and all such coins that may come to pass.  The limiting value per coin of the blockchain technology for any currency related use is 0.  And this is not just theoretical (though there is considerable theory behind that assertion).  All analyses of the real data show the same - there is no measurable valuation process going on outside speculation.  It is a greater fools game in it's purest form.
As for:






Except when compared to non-Bitcoin related remittance services like Azimo that have a fixed fee (~$US 1.00) for remittance that is typically &lt; .5 % of transactions.  Plus, rebit does indeed have fees for the bank transfer or pick up location that is significant (you only have no fees if you want to drive all the way across the country to get to their main office, where they offer a free pickup).  Additionally, the main office pick ups are still a part of the VC funding eating, as is the general no fees marketing of late - it's advertising money, basically.  They regularly work at 1-2% fees.
The reason that remittance must be more expensive with Bitcoin is because you have added layers over a common core cost.  You are still moving physical legal tender on both sides.  These are bank transfers and an exchange fee.  With Bitcoin, though, you have two exchange fees (one on each side) along with the bank transfers on each side.  Exchange fees are exchange fees - they are the cost of currency store and handling the transfers.  There is no way you can get cheaper with the same overhead plus more.  Plus there is of course the Bitcoin transaction cost (very small of now, but affect on inflation).
The reason people thought remittance might be useful was because of the low transaction cost in current Bitcoin.  But that is only if the Bitcoins are held onto on both sides.  That doesn't help pay for goods in 3rd world countries, it is volatile and sinking (because pure speculative value is unstable and has equilibrium approaching 0), and does not solve any issue that one would remit money for.
@_date: 2015-01-01 02:03:27
Some minor missed ones:
"The Routes to Chaos in the Bitcoins Market"
Hammad Siddiqi 
February 17, 2014
"The Bitcoins market is an example of a complex system without a stable equilibrium. 
The users of Bitcoins fall into two broad categories: 1) Capital gain seekers: who 
have no functional use for the currency apart from an expectation of capital gains. 
2) Functional users: who use the currency to save on transaction costs as it 
provides a less costly medium of exchange over traditional fiat currencies. I assume 
that each category consists of mean-variance optimizers, and specify evolutionary 
dynamics for each category. I identify two routes to Chaos in the Bitcoins market."
"The Centralization of Bitcoin: The Long-Run Economics of Bitcoin Mining"
Matthew Taylor
Spring 2014
" I conclude, under the current protocol rules, Bitcoin mining is not economically 
sustainable in the long-term due to the impending centralization of the network. 
Centralization in itself will not necessarily destroy the network. However, it will 
lead to unsatisfactory outcomes that will greatly lower the value of the entire 
That's all I see with a quick check.  This list is quite thorough!
@_date: 2015-01-18 02:21:51
I meant the former.  Sidechains don't solve the value noise problem, and as you know if you are exploring other solutions, if your value is not stable, the outcome predictions are highly time sensitive, more easily manipulatable, and generally noisy themselves.  Schellingdollar stabilization techniques do not actually resolve the decay to zero (and it's not clear from the econometric models that they solve volatility either yet), and Pebble and wrappers like CFDs provide actually do not change the valuation process at all.
The problem, which has been well known for several years now, but which many in the Bitcoin community are still resistant to hearing, is that these POW (and other proof-mined) cryptocurrencies have no valuation process outside speculation.  And it is well known what this means: there will be several bubbles and then as people grow wise to the predatory nature of valuation, value will decrease to zero.  This is exactly what has been seen in every such cryptocurrency.  All the journal analyses show these are the econometric forces at play.  Every theoretical study has shown it.
Cryptocurrencies on proof cannot stably hold value.
I think commodity-backed cryptocoins are really the only known path to stability so far.  Those are not mined by algorithm, they are mined by legal (digital) contracts and have intrinsic value in the legal backing.  Trading volatility in speculative markets so far has been shown to either have no effect (predictive markets, for instance, trend with speculation for obvious reasons) or they accelerate the limiting to equilibrium, which is unfortunately 0.  So as long as the currency behind a PM crypto is proof-based, I think value noise will destroy too much accuracy and the market will disappear with the fall of the coupled coin.  If it is coupled to something commodity backed, like UroCoin, however, it will likely be far more longterm capable.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:22:36
Hello fellow buttcoiner!
I would like to point out that this comment is actually a fairly accurate view of the consensus mechanism, and in fact has been the foundation of several prediction markets that have sprung up under the guise of "altcoins" lately.  Truthcoin and Augur are very interesting academic experiments that may hold the key to finding out how the blockchain algorithm can actually have use.
Also, note that the comment doesn't actually imply that Bitcoin is a good currency.  This is because this use is probably not a good fit for what it does.  Without a stabilising econometric force for valuation, you will only get bubbles and the long slide to zero, and this is in fact what is being seen.  It appears bubbles cannot make much an impact anymore either.  
So you can still feel comfortable knowing that there is comedy gold out there still waiting in the wings.  I just thought it important to point out that this consensus buzzword-filled description actually does have a charitable interpretation in the academic literature.
@_date: 2014-07-05 18:44:05
I'm not sure I understand.  Yes, central banks manipulate currency - that is their job.  The issue is not manipulation, it is pseudonymous distributed manipulation, which allows effective anonymity and no accountability, so it opens the currency to aggressive attack.  People know who to blame for central bank manipulation and the transparency allows people to choose to move to stable currencies - that happens all the time around the world.
Also, Bitcoin is fiat currency.  Why would you say it is not?
@_date: 2015-01-07 19:45:58
Can you explain this a little deeper?
As I understand the protocol:
* You need nothing to trace where funds go.  It is a completely public ledger, everyone can get a copy of the blockchain where all transactions are tracked, and people regularly build transaction graphs to monitor where funds go by doing simple local queries on their blockchain.
* Nothing you send to someone remains distinguished.  If you send 1 BTC to someone and they have 10 before, they now have 11.  There is no 1 of those 11 that is distinguishable from the other 10 1s in there.  You can't point to 1 BTC in the address and say "that's the 1 BTC I sent".
So what exactly is going on here to add traceability?  Any help would be greatly appreciated!
@_date: 2015-01-02 18:59:09
I am nearly 40 and have never been in a major accident or had cancer.  Therefore, insurance is overrated and I just don't drive near bad drivers or expose myself to any chemicals or light.That was the argument you just gave.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:10:44
Did someone call?
I can provide econometric models that show just such an exodus would be financially prudent, if that helps.
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:23:55
You will note that the very first paper is all about detecting valuation from transfer utility.  A number of others address it in their data analysis.  And several address the theoretical foundations of valuation in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:57:10
I said Bitcoin was the new part.  So you have 1 new thing and 2 times the old things.Did you notice he got out more money than he put in, as I posted elsewhere?
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:27:35
But the exchanges aren't new technology.  In the Bitcoin path, you have two bank transfers to/from two exchanges with their fees, and then one Bitcoin transfer transaction.  It is only the Bitcoin step that is new tech.With an international remittance through banks, there are still two bank transfers along, but only one exchange and nothing else.So it is very unusual that this was cheaper through Bitcoin.  Typical comparisons with companies like Azimo show remittances are typically more expensive through Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:46:56
Bing worked long before Google.
@_date: 2015-01-14 00:58:56
Unfortunately, this is not how valuation processes work.
The technology might possibly have value from the things you mention, but that doesn't give value to any given Bitcoin.  A transaction might get valuation from some of things you mention, but a given Bitcoin may go through many such transactions or may never transact.
However, it's not true that the technology gets value from any of those things either.  Those are all possible in trusted networks, and typically are far easier and more secure.  You do not need the untrusted computing network for transaction security or escrow, which has existed for years, and cryptographic algorithms for signing PoE existing in many forms (the service linked, in fact, makes no essential use of blockchain technology).
As for remittance in particular, it's been shown that the actual costs of remittance when you do not hold on to the coins is still more expensive due to exchange fees on either end.  If you do hold Bitcoin as your value store, then you must deal with the volatility and decay-to-zero and over long periods will have remitted little (effective fees grow approaching full transact).  Some companies are burning through VC to hide exchange fees in their services, but that is not sustainable or actual value for the technology.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:51:49
Not really.  This actually endemic to much Bitcoin marketing, that things are much "freer" than they actually are.
Note that anytime you want to do remittances, you have three stages:
* Exchange the legal tender from the outgoing country for BTC at some exchange.  This involves a bank-to-bank transfer of legal tender with appropriate waiting times and fees (both bank transfer and exchange).
* Transfer the BTC over a blockchain transaction, with the still quite small transaction fee.  If you want to do this legally cross-country, you have to ensure the transfer follows appropriate laws - but typically most people do not worry about this step.
* Exchange the BTC at the new address to the local legal tender, again with fees and waiting times.  Another bank-to-bank transfer involved.
This is far more involved than a single bank-to-bank transfer internationally with appropriate laws followed by the banks.  In fact, studies have shown that Bitcoin remittances are more costly than the microremittance shops popping up using purely legal tender.  [Azimo, for instance.](
If you want to avoid that overhead, you have to hold on to the Bitcoin on both sides.  You have to remove the bank layers.  But then, you suffer the fees of inflationary block rewards, as the article mentions.
When block rewards disappear, it will be much harder to hide the true nature of the overhead that proof-of-work costs it's users.  At this point, little bubble here and there obscure the equilibrium push to zero going on.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:16:34
You are missing the point.  The article clearly points out that the people do not pay the block reward directly, and arguing such is a straw man.


The point being made is that transactions currently inflate the currency by 3.5% of the transaction's value on average.  That is currently true.  He points out that it isn't paid by the buyer or seller.  He makes all the correct clarifications that you seem to argue elsewhere.
It is still a fact.  On average, every transaction is inflating the currency by 3.5% of the transaction's value.  Which decreases the value by that amount.  Which, compared to other ways, makes the title "Bitcoin is an expensive way to pay for stuff" pretty accurate.
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:11:24
So now they are actively involved in fraud instead of playing it for a technology they are interested in.  They are peddling mythologies to trick more buyers to come in and raise their own net worth.
That's the sad part of it all.  They could very well be good intentioned, but once you've put your own money on the line and watched as all the economist predictions of gradual fall with frequent but decreasing bubbles come true, you naturally become predatory.  You naturally start turning up the hopes until they are blatant lies just because your money and livelihood are on the line.
That is the corruption, laid bare.
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:21:58
Sure.  Here is a general list of some of the more well-read academic papers in various journals on Bitcoins speculative nature, with representative quotes:
"Popping the Bitcoin Bubble: An application of log-periodic power law modeling to digital currency"
Alec MacDonell
April 1, 2014
"I originally hypothesized that Bitcoin values would be driven both by their worth
as a medium of exchange and by their use as a vehicle for investment. However,
after testing several variables in the model, the only exogenous variable shown
to have any statistical significance was the CBOE Volatility Index. This suggests
that, at present, investor behavior matters, but consumer behavior does not."
"The Economics of BitCoin Price Formation"
Pavel Ciaian, Miroslava Rajcaniova, d'Artis Kancs
arXiv:1405.4498v1 [q-fin.EC] 18 May 2014
"The strongest and statistically most significant impact on BitCoin price is estimated for 
variables capturing the impact of BitCoins attractiveness for investors: wiki_views, 
new_members and new_posts (models 2.1 and models 4.1 to 4.9)."
"Bitcoins as an investment or speculative vehicle? A first look"
C. Baek &amp; M. Elbeck
26 Aug 2014
"We use Bitcoin and S&amp;P 500 Index daily return data to examine relative volatility using 
detrended ratios. We then model Bitcoin market returns with selected economic variables 
to study the drivers of Bitcoin market returns. We report strong evidence to suggest 
that Bitcoin volatility is internally (buyer and seller) driven leading to the conclusion 
that the Bitcoin market is highly speculative at present."
"Bitcoin  Is it a Bubble? Evidence from Unit Root Tests"
Akash Malhotra and Mayank Maloo 
March 1, 2014
"This paper introduces sequential unit root tests into analysis of bubble in Bitcoin 
exchange rates which were recently developed by Phillips et al. (2011a, b). We find 
strong evidence of explosive behaviour in bitcoin exchange rates."
"Bitcoin: something seems to be 'fundamentally' wrong"
Jose E. Gomez-Gonzalez, Julian A. Parra-Polania
May 12, 2014
"This paper points out that a small or nil intrinsic or fundamental value represents a
problem for the stability of the bitcoin's price as an asset. In the absence of fundamental
factors a rational expectations equilibrium for price is not guaranteed. If such factors
are small enough any small change in the market?s conditions will have a huge impact
on the bitcoin?s price and one would expect frequent emergence of bubbles as remarked
by several economists, including the Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller."
"BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS"
Florian Glaser, Kai Zimmermann, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, Michael Siering
"One interpretation of the results is that exchange users buying Bitcoin for the first time 
are likely to keep these Bitcoins in their exchange wallet for speculation purposes and do 
not have the intention to use these acquired Bitcoins for paying goods or services. 
Furthermore, the interpretation that Bitcoin is used as asset is also supported by the fact 
that Bitcoin returns react on news events related to this digital currency. However, we 
find indications that Bitcoin users are limited in their level of professionalism and 
objectivity, which is highlighted by their bias towards positive news."
"How to Price a Digital Currency? Empirical Insights on the Influence of Media Coverage on the Bitcoin Bubble"
Florian Glaser, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, and Kai Zimmermann
"Digital currencies are gaining more and more attention against the backdrop of recent 
events triggered by the ongoing economic crisis. While digital currencies face 
increasing popularity, the currencies' prices are free floating and subject to high 
volatility as a result of lacking fundamental valuation methods. On the basis of an 
overview over the most prominent currency -- Bitcoin -- and an economic literature 
review we propose an econometric model that incorporates the basic components of the 
current price discovery process of a digital currency's exchange rate. On the basis 
of our empirical validation we further show that, in the case of Bitcoin, price 
volatility is significantly influenced by the media coverage and positive sentiment."
"Is Bitcoin a Real Currency?"
David Yermack
December 1, 2013
"In this research note, I argue that Bitcoin does not behave like a currency at all. Instead it
resembles a speculative investment similar to the Internet stocks of the late 1990s."
"The False Premises and Promises of Bitcoin"
Brian P. Hanley
arXiv:1312.2048v6 [cs.CE] 25 Feb 2014 
"[bitcoin is]a very clever practical joke by someone who is having enormous fun exposing in 
the most sophisticated way imaginable the naivety of clever mathematicians, economists 
and/or rich speculators. ... or ... The cleverest con trick ever conceived, and probably one 
of the most rewarding.[52]"
"What Does Crypto-currency Look Like? Gaining Insight into Bitcoin Phenomenon"
Jamal Bouoiyour and Refk Selmi
26. August 2014
"In a nutshell, Bitcoin behaves heavily as a speculative bubble, short-term hedge and
risky investment and partially as business income.  This new digital money is far from being a
long-term promise, especially when considering that this virtual currency faces a great
challenge (in particular a structural economic problem) regarding its limited amount recording
21 million units in 2140, implying that the money supply would not expand after this date."
"BitCoin meets Google Trends and Wikipedia: Quantifying the relationship between phenomena of the Internet era"
Ladislav Kristoufek
30 July 2013
"Specifically, we find that while the prices are high (above trend), the increasing 
interest pushes the prices further atop. From the opposite side, if the prices are 
below their trend, the growing interest pushes the prices even deeper. This forms 
an environment suitable for a quite frequent emergence of a bubble behavior which 
indeed has been observed for the BitCoin currency."
"The digital traces of bubbles: feedback cycles between socio-economic signals in the Bitcoin economy"
David Garcia, Claudio J. Tessone, Pavlin Mavrodiev, and Nicolas Perony
arXiv:1408.1494v1 [physics.soc-ph] 7 Aug 2014
"The two positive feedback loops we identified imply a constant increase of the price, which
should drive up the Bitcoin exchange rate unsustainably. This provides an explanation for the
successive periods of almost uninterrupted growth observed from mid-2010 to June 2011, and
early 2012 to April 2013. It does not however explain the sudden drops observed at the end of
these periods."
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:54:28
All econometric models show that there is a real reason behind it's volatility - it is an asset purely valued by  speculation.  It has no stabilising econometric value (like an "inherent" value in the meaning of value theory).  So you will always face bubble and collapse dynamics.
The equilibrium value of purely speculative asset classes is 0, though, and typically bubbles in a speculative asset class decrease as the pool of "greater fools" is informed of the speculative nature (except if the decay time exceeds generational time to resupply the stock of fools).  So it is likely the absolute value will continue to decrease except when new audiences are found, where tinier and tinier bubbles form.  The relative (percentage) fluctuation will likely stay the same (or may even increase) as the value decreases, so it will always be a risky asset class.
@_date: 2015-01-20 19:47:06
Exactly my point.  This has nothing to do with Bitcoin being cheaper as a technology.  This has everything to do with this one particular transfer and the volatility happening in his favor.  If you average over all time spans and times this year, the average volatility swing has been negative.  So this says nothing that should be considered "expected behavior".
Also, arbitrage opportunities typically exist in the opposite direction from remittance net, but most studies have shown Bitcoin arbitrage opportunities to be very small and noisy.
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:30:06
Both over the year and over the week, across both timescales the Ruble is doing better than Bitcoin.  I really cannot understand this strange, almost impulsive need to push Bitcoin as an investment or security against all evidence.  That is the predatory behavior that is killing Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:31:41
Why do you have more priced in dollars after the Bitcoin exchange than what you sent?  Did you hit a value increase unrelated to the transfer?
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:45:06
This is simply not true.  The price of Bitcoin has not correlated with energy price throughout it's lifetime, and energy consumption is a product of the difficulty setting and participation in mining.  
Energy cost is definitely a variable in the complete econometric model but the connection is weak with price of Bitcoin (through noisy intermediates) and the effect varies between stimulative and inhibitive over the phase space.  The lack of correlation shows evolution of this relationship has gone through several contrasting regions over it's life.  Simple examples show that decreasing cost can mean that miners hold on to more Bitcoins as their real costs decrease, decreasing supply and causing a virtuous price per Bitcoin increase.  Others show how in some circumstances, lower cost incentivises greater hash rate which marginally increases block reward rate and inflationary pressures in the times prior to difficulty adjustment.  That latter class of examples decrease price per Bitcoin, but the former examples increase it.  Both changes are small effects to overall price, and together they make the total relation uncorrelated.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:21:02
Ok.  I double checked his values for the past 30 days.  Here is what I did:
* I went to blockchain.info and downloaded the CSV for Transaction Volume in Dollars over the past 30 days.
* I then downloaded the Market Price CSV for the past 30 days.
* I opened both these up in excel.
* I copied the market price column next to the volume column for the correct days, so they are all in one chart.
* I made a column that said 3600 (the number of BTC mined in a day).  Drag-filled all the way down.
* The next column was = 3600 column times the market price column.  This is the value in USD mined per day.
* The final column was value in USD mined per day / transaction volume in dollars column.  This is a ratio of the value mined per value transacted.
To verify, that column looks like:
So you can double check all the steps.  Now, the average is 0.023799192 or about 2.4%.  So you can see that the average IS actually lower than presented in the article.  However, you can also see there are days with 4%, even 4.5%, mine/transact, and the article could have used a dataset there.
Does that lower number make you happier?  He does say "2 to 4%" elsewhere, and this is still larger than credit card transaction fees which starts around 1.6%.
EDIT: I just did the 1-year calculation.  It is 0.035492624 - the 3.5% in the article!  I knew I had come to that value pretty regularly myself.  It appears the recent big heist (Bitstamp) and subsequent replenishing of the hot wallets has inflated the value of transactions, making the mine percent lower.  Note that the 1-year also includes the big pump in May-June which lowers it a bit.  The regular value through most of the year is over 4% and there is a day as high as 9%.
@_date: 2015-05-03 03:40:44
The long term price of Bitcoin is very likely zero.  This does not mean it is an asset that has any optimal shorting strategy, as the timeframe of short actions is not the same as the likely decay path, and being purely speculative, it has the potential for any number of bubbles on the way down.
However it is irresponsible to deny the large economic literature on Bitcoin valuation process and how it's nature as a purely speculative asset gives it zero equilibrium value.  It should be made perfectly clear to everyone entering the bitcoin space that there is a large mountain of research showing these dynamics requiring predatory behavior for any valuation, as it is what is classically known as a greater fool game.
"Is Bitcoin a Real Currency?"
David Yermack
December 1, 2013
"In this research note, I argue that Bitcoin does not behave like a currency at all. Instead it
resembles a speculative investment similar to the Internet stocks of the late 1990s."
"Bitcoin: something seems to be 'fundamentally' wrong"
Jose E. Gomez-Gonzalez, Julian A. Parra-Polania
May 12, 2014
"This paper points out that a small or nil intrinsic or fundamental value represents a
problem for the stability of the bitcoin?s price as an asset. In the absence of fundamental
factors a rational expectations equilibrium for price is not guaranteed. If such factors
are small enough any small change in the market?s conditions will have a huge impact
on the bitcoin?s price and one would expect frequent emergence of bubbles as remarked
by several economists, including the Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller."
"The False Premises and Promises of Bitcoin"
Brian P. Hanley
arXiv:1312.2048v6 [cs.CE] 25 Feb 2014 
"[bitcoin is]a very clever practical joke by someone who is having enormous fun exposing in 
the most sophisticated way imaginable the naivety of clever mathematicians, economists 
and/or rich speculators. ... or ... The cleverest con trick ever conceived, and probably one 
of the most rewarding.[52]"
"Bitcoins as an investment or speculative vehicle? A first look"
C. Baek &amp; M. Elbeck
26 Aug 2014
"We use Bitcoin and S&amp;P 500 Index daily return data to examine relative volatility using 
detrended ratios. We then model Bitcoin market returns with selected economic variables 
to study the drivers of Bitcoin market returns. We report strong evidence to suggest 
that Bitcoin volatility is internally (buyer and seller) driven leading to the conclusion 
that the Bitcoin market is highly speculative at present."
"Bitcoin  Is it a Bubble? Evidence from Unit Root Tests"
Akash Malhotra and Mayank Maloo 
March 1, 2014
"This paper introduces sequential unit root tests into analysis of bubble in Bitcoin 
exchange rates which were recently developed by Phillips et al. (2011a, b). We find 
strong evidence of explosive behaviour in bitcoin exchange rates."
"Popping the Bitcoin Bubble: An application of log-periodic power law modeling to digital currency"
Alec MacDonell
April 1, 2014
"I originally hypothesized that Bitcoin values would be driven both by their worth
as a medium of exchange and by their use as a vehicle for investment. However,
after testing several variables in the model, the only exogenous variable shown
to have any statistical significance was the CBOE Volatility Index. This suggests
that, at present, investor behavior matters, but consumer behavior does not."
"What Does Crypto-currency Look Like? Gaining Insight into Bitcoin Phenomenon"
Jamal Bouoiyour and Refk Selmi
26. August 2014
"In a nutshell, Bitcoin behaves heavily as a speculative bubble, short-term hedge and
risky investment and partially as business income.  This new digital money is far from being a
long-term promise, especially when considering that this virtual currency faces a great
challenge (in particular a structural economic problem) regarding its limited amount recording
21 million units in 2140, implying that the money supply would not expand after this date."
"BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS"
Florian Glaser, Kai Zimmermann, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, Michael Siering
"One interpretation of the results is that exchange users buying Bitcoin for the first time 
are likely to keep these Bitcoins in their exchange wallet for speculation purposes and do 
not have the intention to use these acquired Bitcoins for paying goods or services. 
Furthermore, the interpretation that Bitcoin is used as asset is also supported by the fact 
that Bitcoin returns react on news events related to this digital currency. However, we 
find indications that Bitcoin users are limited in their level of professionalism and 
objectivity, which is highlighted by their bias towards positive news."
"The Economics of BitCoin Price Formation"
Pavel Ciaian, Miroslava Rajcaniova, d'Artis Kancs
arXiv:1405.4498v1 [q-fin.EC] 18 May 2014
"The strongest and statistically most significant impact on BitCoin price is estimated for 
variables capturing the impact of BitCoins attractiveness for investors: wiki_views, 
new_members and new_posts (models 2.1 and models 4.1 to 4.9)."
"BitCoin meets Google Trends and Wikipedia: Quantifying the relationship between phenomena of the Internet era"
Ladislav Kristoufek
30 July 2013
"Specifically, we find that while the prices are high (above trend), the increasing 
interest pushes the prices further atop. From the opposite side, if the prices are 
below their trend, the growing interest pushes the prices even deeper. This forms 
an environment suitable for a quite frequent emergence of a bubble behavior which 
indeed has been observed for the BitCoin currency."
"How to Price a Digital Currency? Empirical Insights on the Influence of Media Coverage on the Bitcoin Bubble"
Florian Glaser, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, and Kai Zimmermann
"Digital currencies are gaining more and more attention against the backdrop of recent 
events triggered by the ongoing economic crisis. While digital currencies face 
increasing popularity, the currencies' prices are free floating and subject to high 
volatility as a result of lacking fundamental valuation methods. On the basis of an 
overview over the most prominent currency -- Bitcoin -- and an economic literature 
review we propose an econometric model that incorporates the basic components of the 
current price discovery process of a digital currency's exchange rate. On the basis 
of our empirical validation we further show that, in the case of Bitcoin, price 
volatility is significantly influenced by the media coverage and positive sentiment."
"What are the main drivers of the Bitcoin price? Evidence from wavelet coherence analysis"
Ladislav Kristoufek
arXiv:1406.0268v1 [q-fin.CP] 2 Jun 2014
"There are several interesting findings. First,
even though Bitcoin is usually labelled as a purely speculative asset, we find that standard
fundamental factors { usage in trade, money supply and price level { play a role in Bitcoin
prices in the long term. Second, from the technical standpoint, the increasing prices of
Bitcoin motivate users to become miners. However, the effect is found to be vanishing
in time as the specialized mining hardware components have driven the hash rates and
difficulty too high."
"The digital traces of bubbles: feedback cycles between socio-economic signals in the Bitcoin economy"
David Garcia, Claudio J. Tessone, Pavlin Mavrodiev, and Nicolas Perony
arXiv:1408.1494v1 [physics.soc-ph] 7 Aug 2014
"The two positive feedback loops we identified imply a constant increase of the price, which
should drive up the Bitcoin exchange rate unsustainably. This provides an explanation for the
successive periods of almost uninterrupted growth observed from mid-2010 to June 2011, and
early 2012 to April 2013. It does not however explain the sudden drops observed at the end of
these periods."
"Is Bitcoin Business Income or Speculative Bubble? Unconditional vs. Conditional frequency domain analysis"
Jamal Bouoiyour, Refk Selmi, and Aviral Kumar Tiwari
September 2014
"Summing up, we have verified the speculative nature of Bitcoin, which is already obvious."
"Noncausal Autoregressive Model in Relation to Bitcoin/USD Exchange Rates"
Andrew Hencic, Christian Gourieroux
March 21, 2014
"The economic implications of repetitive explosive patterns call into question reliability 
of the electronic currency and the role of central authorities."
"Speculative bubbles in Bitcoin markets? An empirical investigation into the fundamental value of Bitcoin"
Eng-Tuck Cheah, John Fry
May 2015
"In this paper we undertake economic and econometric modelling of Bitcoin prices. 
As with many asset classes we show that Bitcoin exhibits speculative bubbles. 
Further, we find empirical evidence that the fundamental price of Bitcoin is zero."
@_date: 2015-01-04 20:57:26
Bitcoin is not anonymous.  Not even close.  Sorry you were lied to.  *If* your ISP does not monitor protocol transactions *and* you route through Tor *and* the exit nodes are not compromised, or you use some other *trusted* network privatizer, you gain *some* pseudonymity, but even then there is much that can be revealed about you from just your blockchain presence.
Transactions are not instant.  Many services actually complete transactions far faster than Bitcoin.  There are 0-confirmation services offered through insurance, but that is not a Bitcoin transaction and is available through numerous other means of indicating a desire to transact that does not involve Bitcoin at all.  It is purely an insurance option while the actual transaction completes, and has overhead based on the actuarials.
Bitcoin has fees.  Transaction fees are currently small because there are hidden fees in the (fairly extreme) currency inflation with current block rewards to miners.  Those hidden fees put negative pressure on the price that are the way most experience the current fees.  There will come a point where the fees will be explicit as the block rewards disappear.
You should not have to lie to people about a currency of the future.
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:00:06
That's exactly what my models show.  As long as there is value, there is pressure not to give away value, so there will be pressure to include altcoins in a mixing layer.  This will drive the value down to zero.  I have found no pressures that could counter this force for decline.
This is just another econometric demonstration that it is very hard to find stable models.  There are many econometric models that have been published in the literature on Bitcoin, and they all show long-term instability of value.  None show the value growing to replace any noticeable proportion of the world transaction volume precisely because all economic pressures counter such a change.
It is always important to remember that there is nothing special about the Bitcoin protocol that favors it on technical grounds to other alts.  Network effects are dynamic and may be disrupted by any technology that lowers the potential across networks.  Exchanges are such a technology, and transfer barriers such as fees are quite small and can be made arbitrarily so.
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:38:07
Is it really good prop to be pointing to crazy people using Bitcoin?  I mean, I'm usually the first to defend the legitimacy of alternative theories and the wide swath that possibility entertains, but there are certainly those, like the author linked, whose thought process is so confused and inconsistent, that you can see in the frantic outpouring of buzzwords and technojargon and the lack and even avoidance of formal model building that everyday use of that thought process is probably maladaptive.Is that a good illustration to prop Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-08-23 01:37:58
That most bitcoins have been hoarded rather than used in transaction is well-known across the community - it's stated outright by lead devs.  You can prove it yourself by going to blockchain.info and downloading the csvs for the graphs.  That's the only thing referenced by Ron/Shamir in that paper.
"Intrinsic value" in currency theory means commodity value - i.e. the value of the object in economic transfer outside it's use as a currency.  This is common usage in most texts on monetary theory.
It says nothing at all about losing because of gains.  That is a crazy reading of a very straightforward paper.  This paper simply gives a diffy-que accounting for the known forces that could increase and reduce valuations and does a stability analysis.  That is how econometric models like this work.
@_date: 2015-01-20 18:15:06
In modern remittance services with an exchange of currencies, the transfer goes through an exchange step which handles the exchange through international resolution contracts.  This is where the international transfer step happens, by employing pools stored in each state.  Each side of the exchange is a local bank transfer, and the resolution is amortized across the entire pool.  This is typically a very small cost and is covered in the exchange fees.
When you have the 2 Bitcoin exchanges of a rebittance, they each have to amortise their pool resolutions - you have 2 exchange fees to pay.  You only have more steps, and so there is only more cost the Bitcoin path.  Yes, the Bitcoin transfer path is super cheap right now - it's the 2 old school exchanges versus 1 that gets you.
Notice that the OP ended with more money than he sent?
@_date: 2014-12-04 22:26:02
Most commodities are not purely speculative because they have an economic use consumed through economic activity.  Oil is consumed to produce energy, gold is used in industry and jewelry, etc.  They have a base value set by the demand of their uses.  
Bitcoins are not consumed in that way.  There is no industry that uses this particular hash with N leading zeroes for other purposes.  It's only valuation process is in the hopes of selling for as much or more.  This can be short-term sustained when there are just-so stories circulated about how it will replace all currencies and purchases now will be worth millions in the future and people believe that.  There are always going to be people that can be told stories.
But the truth is that no industry or finance sector will give people value for doing nothing.  Giving away trillions of dollars of worth for no reason just doesn't happen.  If the technology appears useful, they will make a copy - maybe thousands of copies - of the technology, each with their own blockchain, and transfer wealth freshly without increasing the value of hodlers.  Clearly, increased transactions do not cause increased valuation today, as all research and easy verification shows.
And once people have been burned enough, and the repeated stories of bubbles bursting gets repetitive, the value of the commodity will equilibriate at it's base value.  And that base is close to zero.
@_date: 2014-07-20 23:34:32
I am very interested in cryptocurrency as a solution to real-world problems.  But not only am I interested, I love mathematics and enjoy creating models that evaluate various attacks on cryptocurrencies.  My background in physics simulations and security software has given me resources to make contributions in the field.
Like most real researchers in the field, though, I recognise that Bitcoin is an extremely flawed protocol and will likely cause many to lose money long term.  It astounds me that there is a community that actively ignores the many known flaws and promotes the protocol.  I see Buttcoin as a group who enjoy humorously pointing out the truth in the face of overwhelming avoidance obsessions and utopic ideations.  For instance, poking fun at high school students thinking the utopic ideation is "the smart kids", having never read Eyal and Sirer or Bahack, and probably never having been exposed to the econometric models that show Bitcoin's value is likely unstable.
Serious researchers are looking at new cryptocurrency solutions and take seriously the mathematical foundations and security evaluations.  That isn't something you do with hate.  You do that because you love the possibilities and are not willing to lie to yourself to make yourself feel better about a flawed currency.  Calling it hate is something you do when you want to avoid reality.
@_date: 2015-08-18 19:29:06
Coinjoin is not privacy.  Mixing is not privacy.
Pretending to fix privacy is not fixing privacy.  Maintaining trackable information, no matter how much you can wave your hands and say it is "harder", is a security breach.  It is not adding security, and it only makes it more likely people will use the product unsafely.
This is even more frustrating when there are clear algorithms already available that provide "true" security in the accounting, by allowing one to prove transaction capability (ownership) but giving zero information about the transactions themselves.
@_date: 2015-08-19 01:12:01
I am not "attacking progress just because perfection doesn't exist".  Coinjoin is not progress, it is snakeoil.  It is the security through obscurity of the blockchain.  There are simple algorithms for recovering identity from joined transactions by solving various subset sum problems.  In many cases, this is a complete partition, but even in those rare cases where the inversion is partial, it maintains enough information to monitor transaction history and build the likely transaction map, and this only grows likelihood over time and additional transactions establishing connections.
As others have said:




It is so odd to me just how much effort goes into ignoring all the research on deanonymizing mixing and cooperative joining schemes.  Every few months someone makes a huge effort to push for adding cooperative mixing to Bitcoin because that's what they learned to do out in the dark nets (where it never was secure in the first place).
Concerning what alternatives there are - well, it depends on what is wanted.  I too am all for "making progress despite perfection not being available", as long as we actually make progress.  We know of algorithms today that can create "transaction witnesses" which can be recorded in the blockchain which:
* Is cryptographically secure against exposing inputs and outputs.
* Yet an algorithm exist for accumulating witnesses and validating that a new transaction witness is consistent with existing witnesses (i.e. that proves a new witness describes a transaction where the inputs exist and are sufficient for the outputs without exposing values or addresses to the validation algorithm).
In fact, there are several ways this can be done.  Ring signature unfolding and ZK-SNARKs are the big ones in the community I guess.  Combinations of Merkle puzzles and zero-knowledge proofs can be used.  DC-Nets offer an architecture that can be built upon for the anonymous validation.  Mahdi Zamani has been doing some amazing work in the anonymizing protocol space that can be adapter here as well.  This is a rich area of research and there are known solutions available that provide progress for those wanting to take it now and not wait for perfection.
@_date: 2015-08-19 06:08:11


Are you seriously admitting publicly that you do not understand the correlation inversion process?  I really cannot tell if you do not understand what the deanonymisation does or if you just think that I don't know so asking will make people doubt.
Even in the worst case (which is rare to almost non-existent in the field) you have the *correlation* of 1/N to each of the transaction outputs.  This is *greater* information than the 0 correlation to any other address not listed in the outputs, so even there you have positive information for reconstruction of the transaction graph.  Over time, address correlations will grow with multiple transactions, and the reconstruction becomes stronger.
Every security expert in the field knows this.  There are tons of research papers on this very process.  So I am really confused at why you seem to be asking about this.
Also, my earlier response was not intended to be value laden.  Your use of the term "hostility" seems likely a response to my use of the term "snakeoil".  This is a term used in the cryptographic field in [a very meaningful way](  Coinjoin is not anonymity.  It just is not.  It leaks information in a mathematically rigorous way, and this is well known.  Many papers have shown this.
Everything I wrote was technically correct.  I am sorry that you feel this is attacking, but I am sick of the frauds, hand waving, and outright lying that fills so much of the Bitcoin landscape these days.  If the truth is attacking you, you might want to make better choices in life.
@_date: 2015-08-14 23:04:28
No, you need any value greater than 50% + epsilon.  You will always catch up and exceed.  This is not hard to understand here, this is simple mining facts.  How fast you exceed depends on the size of epsilon, but it always happens if you have that amount of hash.
By very simple numbers you obviously don't need more compute than on Earth.  You only need more compute than has been dedicated to Bitcoin, which is a small fraction of total compute.
@_date: 2015-08-19 08:53:25
Thank you.  I was having trouble understanding if you were a charlatan or misguided, but now I'm pretty clear.
* You post a proposal where the author states this:


* But you keep on stressing the absolute need to get all transactions equal.
* Then you actually claim that given this equality, you have cryptographic anonymity.  You actually won't admit that knowing an input went to 1 of 3 outputs, say, is nothing like the cryptographic requirement of anonymity (that there is no leak of identity at all).  In fact, [the distinction between partial and true anonymity]( is clear in the literature.
* You make claims of perfect information theoretic security.  This is directly contradicted by the fact that there is a direct entropic decrease by the publishing of a transaction.  The distribution is not uniform across the entire network.  You intentionally conflate any uniformity among participants in a transaction with uniformity across the network, when it is very clear which 3, say, inputs went into a transaction and which 4, say, outputs they went to.  The other millions of addresses have 0% chance of having been involved.
You seem to think this conversation is some kind of attempt to convince others about who is right - which honestly is quite telling to your motives.  Just to be clear: I have no desire to convince others you are wrong.  Any expert in the field can see this and know immediately who is talking out of their rear, but this conversation is not important to them.  I am not trying to convince you either.  I don't think that is possible, as your motives do not seem earnest.  The fact that you keep making mention of attempts to defame or attack you in some way is just another indication of what your factual errors already tell.  I simply came in to make a comment that CoinJoin and mixing in general is not anonymity, a simple truth.
@_date: 2015-08-14 23:22:38
It seems you have a completely mistaken understanding of what a 50% + epsilon attack is.  Let me explain:
* If you have greater compute than the rest of the network, you will *on average* beat the rest of the network to mining a block.
* The greater the epsilon, the greater the chance of winning a given block.  At equality it is 50/50, and it approaches 100% (without ever equaling) the greater the ratio.
* However, this means that your velocity of block production will be greater than others.
* Which means block withholding attacks approach certainty.  If you keep a hidden block chain and build, you will eventually exceed the public chain with certainty.
* The choice of which block to start with is arbitrary.  You can start with the genesis block.  Your percentage chance to exceed public block chain size approaches certainty over time.
I'm really not even certain how you believe only one block can be compromised.  I don't know what misconception gives that.  It's not like the same computing wouldn't then be applied to the subsequent block.  Mining is simply finding a number to put in the block header that allows the block hash to have a specified number of leading zeroes.  The block headers are linked by a previous hash in the header.  If you build a chain yourself and are faster, you win.
To be clear, it already happens that there are these types of forks all the time.  They call them orphaned blocks when a block previously thought by some as being the legitimate one is overtaken by a different chain.
@_date: 2015-08-14 22:46:53
But... that's not at all how it would happen.  The only identifiers that could be "worked around" in the manner he speaks of are the miner reward wallets (which are pseudonymous and can change every mined block) and IP addresses (which may be proxied anywhere).  No nation state is going to be "blocked" by efforts to protect the protocol - the protocol itself ensure 50% + epsilon owns the blockchain.
And it would not be "1 doublespend".  That's not what 50%+epsilon allows.  With greater compute, you can rewrite the entire blockchain from the beginning.  The only protection is greatest chain.  The results could be anywhere from subtle to complete.  And the only "fixes" that block that is incorporating a canonical history - saying the only "legitimate" blockchain is one that includes a given list of blocks.  But that doesn't prevent every block mined from then on being empty by the choice of the nation state.  And if you ensure no empty blocks, and all transaction seen by X, etc. you've just centralized the decentralized protocol and given it a point of corruption and failure.
In other words, laughing about a 50%+epsilon attack and most of his comments really shows a lack of understanding of the actual nature and consequences of the protocol, which is quite surprising for someone considered a leading dev.
@_date: 2015-08-19 07:22:08
Ok.  Let's make this simple.
Are you claiming that there is not research showing CoinJoin and collaborative mixing schemes leak information?  Yes or no.
Are you claiming that there is not a means of reconstructing ownership using methods like CoinJoinSudoku and subset-sum matching?
Are you claiming that CoinJoin offers cryptographic anonymity?
Just lay it out there for everyone.  What is your position here?  These are simple yes/no questions.
@_date: 2015-08-15 01:41:26
Except that I did mention that you can try to enforce a canonical chain, but this is centralisation of the protocol and opens point-of-failure and point-of-corruption issues.  The "who decides canonicity" question is actually very controversial in the community, and different clients already make different choices.  In particular, this is one approach that has been used to force larger block sizes.The protocol itself doesn't enforce checkpoints, though the reference client does.
@_date: 2015-08-07 23:10:00
I really think that's the point.  You use 3rd party institutions because of the benefits they give in theft reimbursement and general loss prevention.  You cannot attack them and then rebuild them under a different name and say they are a great solution because.. different name.
As a percentage of economy, Karpeles was far worse than Madoff but not the worst BitCoin theft historically.  That is telling.
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:54:33


This just is not true.  Every miner works on a separate block chain.  They each have different views of the active transactions on the next block and they often have a different view of the previous blocks.  This is why there are frequent [orphaned blocks]( which are competing blockchains which the majority did not accept - typically because a later miner discovered a block on a different blockchain and the majority accepted based on the longest chain rule.  (Note - the longest chain rule makes no sense if there is only one blockchain).
Also, there is non-zero probability that a miner can use this as an exploit by withholding the publishing of a block and using a subsequent block discovery to create the longest chain, with a manipulated transaction history.  This can be used to assist double spends among a variety of other types of pool-based attacks.  This is effective (has a positive effective value) even below 50%, in fact it is likely to be useful quite a bit below and there is some evidence it is commonly occurring today.
I know it is easy to ignore research and pretend that you have more understanding than researchers, but if you were earnestly interested in the technology and not just a predator looking to make money off of other fools, you might take some time to read through it.  Most of us researchers have read through the strange myth-making of the predators as well as the research itself.  And many of us are not "looking to debunk" Bitcoin and are earnestly interested in new protocols of value transfer, but recognise that Bitcoin is poorly suited to be a replacement for legal tender and other cryptocurrency research is far more promising.
@_date: 2015-04-15 14:48:00
Actually, all other currencies have non-zero equilibrium value due to their intrinsic valuation processes (in the sense of value theory).  Hard commodity currencies have value from economic use.  Legal tenders have value from the process of taxation, which measures total GDP with the currency.
It is an incorrect belief that transaction gives valuation to Bitcoin.  There is no theoretical valuation process that supports this (no single unit of Bitcoin acquires value from trade) and the actual data analyses have shown this is true.  Some researchers were under the impression that this may be a valuation source (typically because of a lack of technical understanding outside their field), but had to change their view when the data (which is quite public for Bitcoin) clearly showed otherwise.
Here are some papers:
"Is Bitcoin a Real Currency?"
David Yermack
December 1, 2013
"In this research note, I argue that Bitcoin does not behave like a currency at all. Instead it
resembles a speculative investment similar to the Internet stocks of the late 1990s."
"Bitcoin: something seems to be 'fundamentally' wrong"
Jose E. Gomez-Gonzalez, Julian A. Parra-Polania
May 12, 2014
"This paper points out that a small or nil intrinsic or fundamental value represents a
problem for the stability of the bitcoin?s price as an asset. In the absence of fundamental
factors a rational expectations equilibrium for price is not guaranteed. If such factors
are small enough any small change in the market?s conditions will have a huge impact
on the bitcoin?s price and one would expect frequent emergence of bubbles as remarked
by several economists, including the Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller."
"Bitcoins as an investment or speculative vehicle? A first look"
C. Baek &amp; M. Elbeck
26 Aug 2014
"We use Bitcoin and S&amp;P 500 Index daily return data to examine relative volatility using 
detrended ratios. We then model Bitcoin market returns with selected economic variables 
to study the drivers of Bitcoin market returns. We report strong evidence to suggest 
that Bitcoin volatility is internally (buyer and seller) driven leading to the conclusion 
that the Bitcoin market is highly speculative at present."
"Bitcoin  Is it a Bubble? Evidence from Unit Root Tests"
Akash Malhotra and Mayank Maloo 
March 1, 2014
"This paper introduces sequential unit root tests into analysis of bubble in Bitcoin 
exchange rates which were recently developed by Phillips et al. (2011a, b). We find 
strong evidence of explosive behaviour in bitcoin exchange rates."
"Popping the Bitcoin Bubble: An application of log-periodic power law modeling to digital currency"
Alec MacDonell
April 1, 2014
"I originally hypothesized that Bitcoin values would be driven both by their worth
as a medium of exchange and by their use as a vehicle for investment. However,
after testing several variables in the model, the only exogenous variable shown
to have any statistical significance was the CBOE Volatility Index. This suggests
that, at present, investor behavior matters, but consumer behavior does not."
"What Does Crypto-currency Look Like? Gaining Insight into Bitcoin Phenomenon"
Jamal Bouoiyour and Refk Selmi
26. August 2014
"In a nutshell, Bitcoin behaves heavily as a speculative bubble, short-term hedge and
risky investment and partially as business income.  This new digital money is far from being a
long-term promise, especially when considering that this virtual currency faces a great
challenge (in particular a structural economic problem) regarding its limited amount recording
21 million units in 2140, implying that the money supply would not expand after this date."
"BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS"
Florian Glaser, Kai Zimmermann, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, Michael Siering
"One interpretation of the results is that exchange users buying Bitcoin for the first time 
are likely to keep these Bitcoins in their exchange wallet for speculation purposes and do 
not have the intention to use these acquired Bitcoins for paying goods or services. 
Furthermore, the interpretation that Bitcoin is used as asset is also supported by the fact 
that Bitcoin returns react on news events related to this digital currency. However, we 
find indications that Bitcoin users are limited in their level of professionalism and 
objectivity, which is highlighted by their bias towards positive news."
"The Economics of BitCoin Price Formation"
Pavel Ciaian, Miroslava Rajcaniova, d'Artis Kancs
arXiv:1405.4498v1 [q-fin.EC] 18 May 2014
"The strongest and statistically most significant impact on BitCoin price is estimated for 
variables capturing the impact of BitCoins attractiveness for investors: wiki_views, 
new_members and new_posts (models 2.1 and models 4.1 to 4.9)."
"BitCoin meets Google Trends and Wikipedia: Quantifying the relationship between phenomena of the Internet era"
Ladislav Kristoufek
30 July 2013
"Specifically, we find that while the prices are high (above trend), the increasing 
interest pushes the prices further atop. From the opposite side, if the prices are 
below their trend, the growing interest pushes the prices even deeper. This forms 
an environment suitable for a quite frequent emergence of a bubble behavior which 
indeed has been observed for the BitCoin currency."
"How to Price a Digital Currency? Empirical Insights on the Influence of Media Coverage on the Bitcoin Bubble"
Florian Glaser, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, and Kai Zimmermann
"Digital currencies are gaining more and more attention against the backdrop of recent 
events triggered by the ongoing economic crisis. While digital currencies face 
increasing popularity, the currencies' prices are free floating and subject to high 
volatility as a result of lacking fundamental valuation methods. On the basis of an 
overview over the most prominent currency -- Bitcoin -- and an economic literature 
review we propose an econometric model that incorporates the basic components of the 
current price discovery process of a digital currency's exchange rate. On the basis 
of our empirical validation we further show that, in the case of Bitcoin, price 
volatility is significantly influenced by the media coverage and positive sentiment."
"What are the main drivers of the Bitcoin price? Evidence from wavelet coherence analysis"
Ladislav Kristoufek
arXiv:1406.0268v1 [q-fin.CP] 2 Jun 2014
"There are several interesting findings. First,
even though Bitcoin is usually labelled as a purely speculative asset, we find that standard
fundamental factors { usage in trade, money supply and price level { play a role in Bitcoin
prices in the long term. Second, from the technical standpoint, the increasing prices of
Bitcoin motivate users to become miners. However, the effect is found to be vanishing
in time as the specialized mining hardware components have driven the hash rates and
difficulty too high."
"The digital traces of bubbles: feedback cycles between socio-economic signals in the Bitcoin economy"
David Garcia, Claudio J. Tessone, Pavlin Mavrodiev, and Nicolas Perony
arXiv:1408.1494v1 [physics.soc-ph] 7 Aug 2014
"The two positive feedback loops we identified imply a constant increase of the price, which
should drive up the Bitcoin exchange rate unsustainably. This provides an explanation for the
successive periods of almost uninterrupted growth observed from mid-2010 to June 2011, and
early 2012 to April 2013. It does not however explain the sudden drops observed at the end of
these periods."
"Is Bitcoin Business Income or Speculative Bubble? Unconditional vs. Conditional frequency domain analysis"
Jamal Bouoiyour, Refk Selmi, and Aviral Kumar Tiwari
September 2014
"Summing up, we have verified the speculative nature of Bitcoin, which is already obvious."
"Noncausal Autoregressive Model in Relation to Bitcoin/USD Exchange Rates"
Andrew Hencic, Christian Gourieroux
March 21, 2014
"The economic implications of repetitive explosive patterns call into question reliability 
of the electronic currency and the role of central authorities."
"Speculative bubbles in Bitcoin markets? An empirical investigation into the fundamental value of Bitcoin"
Eng-Tuck Cheah, John Fry
May 2015
"In this paper we undertake economic and econometric modelling of Bitcoin prices. 
As with many asset classes we show that Bitcoin exhibits speculative bubbles. 
Further, we find empirical evidence that the fundamental price of Bitcoin is zero."
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:37:07
There are regular outbursts here on and over on bitcointalk.org when confronted with new journal papers being published that yet again reaffirm that the value is purely speculative (making Bitcoin purely predatory) or discussing new exploits.  You should have seen the attacks when block withholding was first being discussed.
I have seen numerous angry responses over the years just myself when pointing to 
"Is Bitcoin a Real Currency?"
David Yermack
December 1, 2013
"In this research note, I argue that Bitcoin does not behave like a currency at all. Instead it
resembles a speculative investment similar to the Internet stocks of the late 1990s."
"Bitcoin: something seems to be 'fundamentally' wrong"
Jose E. Gomez-Gonzalez, Julian A. Parra-Polania
May 12, 2014
"This paper points out that a small or nil intrinsic or fundamental value represents a
problem for the stability of the bitcoin?s price as an asset. In the absence of fundamental
factors a rational expectations equilibrium for price is not guaranteed. If such factors
are small enough any small change in the market?s conditions will have a huge impact
on the bitcoin?s price and one would expect frequent emergence of bubbles as remarked
by several economists, including the Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller."
"The False Premises and Promises of Bitcoin"
Brian P. Hanley
arXiv:1312.2048v6 [cs.CE] 25 Feb 2014 
"[bitcoin is]a very clever practical joke by someone who is having enormous fun exposing in 
the most sophisticated way imaginable the naivety of clever mathematicians, economists 
and/or rich speculators. ... or ... The cleverest con trick ever conceived, and probably one 
of the most rewarding.[52]"
"Bitcoins as an investment or speculative vehicle? A first look"
C. Baek &amp; M. Elbeck
26 Aug 2014
"We use Bitcoin and S&amp;P 500 Index daily return data to examine relative volatility using 
detrended ratios. We then model Bitcoin market returns with selected economic variables 
to study the drivers of Bitcoin market returns. We report strong evidence to suggest 
that Bitcoin volatility is internally (buyer and seller) driven leading to the conclusion 
that the Bitcoin market is highly speculative at present."
"Bitcoin  Is it a Bubble? Evidence from Unit Root Tests"
Akash Malhotra and Mayank Maloo 
March 1, 2014
"This paper introduces sequential unit root tests into analysis of bubble in Bitcoin 
exchange rates which were recently developed by Phillips et al. (2011a, b). We find 
strong evidence of explosive behaviour in bitcoin exchange rates."
"Popping the Bitcoin Bubble: An application of log-periodic power law modeling to digital currency"
Alec MacDonell
April 1, 2014
"I originally hypothesized that Bitcoin values would be driven both by their worth
as a medium of exchange and by their use as a vehicle for investment. However,
after testing several variables in the model, the only exogenous variable shown
to have any statistical significance was the CBOE Volatility Index. This suggests
that, at present, investor behavior matters, but consumer behavior does not."
"What Does Crypto-currency Look Like? Gaining Insight into Bitcoin Phenomenon"
Jamal Bouoiyour and Refk Selmi
26. August 2014
"In a nutshell, Bitcoin behaves heavily as a speculative bubble, short-term hedge and
risky investment and partially as business income.  This new digital money is far from being a
long-term promise, especially when considering that this virtual currency faces a great
challenge (in particular a structural economic problem) regarding its limited amount recording
21 million units in 2140, implying that the money supply would not expand after this date."
"BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS"
Florian Glaser, Kai Zimmermann, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, Michael Siering
"One interpretation of the results is that exchange users buying Bitcoin for the first time 
are likely to keep these Bitcoins in their exchange wallet for speculation purposes and do 
not have the intention to use these acquired Bitcoins for paying goods or services. 
Furthermore, the interpretation that Bitcoin is used as asset is also supported by the fact 
that Bitcoin returns react on news events related to this digital currency. However, we 
find indications that Bitcoin users are limited in their level of professionalism and 
objectivity, which is highlighted by their bias towards positive news."
"The Economics of BitCoin Price Formation"
Pavel Ciaian, Miroslava Rajcaniova, d'Artis Kancs
arXiv:1405.4498v1 [q-fin.EC] 18 May 2014
"The strongest and statistically most significant impact on BitCoin price is estimated for 
variables capturing the impact of BitCoins attractiveness for investors: wiki_views, 
new_members and new_posts (models 2.1 and models 4.1 to 4.9)."
"BitCoin meets Google Trends and Wikipedia: Quantifying the relationship between phenomena of the Internet era"
Ladislav Kristoufek
30 July 2013
"Specifically, we find that while the prices are high (above trend), the increasing 
interest pushes the prices further atop. From the opposite side, if the prices are 
below their trend, the growing interest pushes the prices even deeper. This forms 
an environment suitable for a quite frequent emergence of a bubble behavior which 
indeed has been observed for the BitCoin currency."
"How to Price a Digital Currency? Empirical Insights on the Influence of Media Coverage on the Bitcoin Bubble"
Florian Glaser, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, and Kai Zimmermann
"Digital currencies are gaining more and more attention against the backdrop of recent 
events triggered by the ongoing economic crisis. While digital currencies face 
increasing popularity, the currencies' prices are free floating and subject to high 
volatility as a result of lacking fundamental valuation methods. On the basis of an 
overview over the most prominent currency -- Bitcoin -- and an economic literature 
review we propose an econometric model that incorporates the basic components of the 
current price discovery process of a digital currency's exchange rate. On the basis 
of our empirical validation we further show that, in the case of Bitcoin, price 
volatility is significantly influenced by the media coverage and positive sentiment."
"What are the main drivers of the Bitcoin price? Evidence from wavelet coherence analysis"
Ladislav Kristoufek
arXiv:1406.0268v1 [q-fin.CP] 2 Jun 2014
"There are several interesting findings. First,
even though Bitcoin is usually labelled as a purely speculative asset, we find that standard
fundamental factors { usage in trade, money supply and price level { play a role in Bitcoin
prices in the long term. Second, from the technical standpoint, the increasing prices of
Bitcoin motivate users to become miners. However, the effect is found to be vanishing
in time as the specialized mining hardware components have driven the hash rates and
difficulty too high."
"The digital traces of bubbles: feedback cycles between socio-economic signals in the Bitcoin economy"
David Garcia, Claudio J. Tessone, Pavlin Mavrodiev, and Nicolas Perony
arXiv:1408.1494v1 [physics.soc-ph] 7 Aug 2014
"The two positive feedback loops we identified imply a constant increase of the price, which
should drive up the Bitcoin exchange rate unsustainably. This provides an explanation for the
successive periods of almost uninterrupted growth observed from mid-2010 to June 2011, and
early 2012 to April 2013. It does not however explain the sudden drops observed at the end of
these periods."
"Is Bitcoin Business Income or Speculative Bubble? Unconditional vs. Conditional frequency domain analysis"
Jamal Bouoiyour, Refk Selmi, and Aviral Kumar Tiwari
September 2014
"Summing up, we have verified the speculative nature of Bitcoin, which is already obvious."
"Noncausal Autoregressive Model in Relation to Bitcoin/USD Exchange Rates"
Andrew Hencic, Christian Gourieroux
March 21, 2014
"The economic implications of repetitive explosive patterns call into question reliability 
of the electronic currency and the role of central authorities."
"Speculative bubbles in Bitcoin markets? An empirical investigation into the fundamental value of Bitcoin"
Eng-Tuck Cheah, John Fry
May 2015
"In this paper we undertake economic and econometric modelling of Bitcoin prices. 
As with many asset classes we show that Bitcoin exhibits speculative bubbles. 
Further, we find empirical evidence that the fundamental price of Bitcoin is zero."
@_date: 2015-04-08 15:27:47
This does nothing to improve the image of Bitcoin as a cult.Nostalgic reminisces of the times when people didn't point out Bitcoin is purely speculatively valued and therefore breeds predatory behavior should not cause finger in the ear avoidance.  If anything, it should start conversations on how to avoid those dynamics, maybe start discussions on commodity-backed cryptocurrencies or something.
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:24:19
Actually, when I first came to this subreddit, I had done a lot of research prior and asked a question about the problems.  It is clear this subreddit is strongly populated by people who are unfamiliar with the actual research and view those who do have a large background in bitcoin research negatively.  The anger and vitriol actually increase if you have a long bibliography to point to.
@_date: 2015-04-12 22:13:20
Actually, this line of reasoning fails because there is economic value (in the sense of value theory, which is what this is all about) that gold and legal tender have which Bitcoin does not have.  That is the whole point of all of those investigations and theoretical analyses.  This valuation process sets an equilibrium value around which speculative fluctuations occur, and the greater the intrinsic valuation strength (as a measure of second moment inertia), the more stable the currency value.
The problem is that Bitcoin is _purely_ speculative.  This means that the only means to grow in value is to fool others to purchase at a greater value.  This is why it is purely predatory.
There is nothing about this that is controversial either.  This is well known.  It is known both from a theoretical perspective and from many analyses of the real world data - which is easy to do as the information is published in each newly mined blockchain and available to all for analysis.  We know where gold gets intrinsic valuation - from cosmetic and industrial utility both ancient and new.  We know where legal tender gets valuation - as an indirect measure of the entire utility of the GDP through the taxation process and stabilized further through the measure of monetary policy by the acceptance of government debt.  These valuation processes are well established and are measured down to fine details.
EDIT: And I would also suggest that it is extremely unproductive to try to assume that research is wrong without having any understanding of it and, avoiding actually trying to understand it, coming up with just-so stories that make one feel better about their choices.  This is a symptom of the predatory mythologizing that is so prevalent in the Bitcoin world.  It is important, particularly with facts of money which affect real people's lives, to be honest.
@_date: 2015-04-12 06:06:21
Ones I regularly see are:* predation on the most vulnerable* myth making* fierce anger when confronted with scientific researchBut there are definitely more general similarities.  Anytime people believe statements of facts for ideological reasons, people get weird.
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:37:56
Or works like
"On the Phase Space of Block-Hiding Strategies in Bitcoin-like networks"
Assaf Shomer
arXiv:1402.4233v1 [cs.CR] 18 Feb 2014
"We calculate the probability of success of block-hiding mining strategies in Bitcoin-like net-
"Analysis of hashrate-based double-spending"
Meni Rosenfeld
"We have derived the probability for a successful double-spend, and tabulated it in various
"On Subversive Miner Strategies and Block Withholding Attack in Bitcoin Digital Currency"
Nicolas T. Courtois and Lear Bahack
arXiv:1402.1718v4 [cs.CR] 6 Jul 2014
"In this paper we have described and analyzed a specific
practical block withholding attack which to the best of our
knowledge is a new and original block withholding attack.
It generalizes the Sabotage attack of [21] and achieves
superior gains for the subversive miners."
"Theoretical Bitcoin Attacks with less than Half of the Computational Power"
Lear Bahack
arXiv:1312.7013v1 [cs.CR] 25 Dec 2013
"In the paper we analyze two kinds of attacks based on two theoretical
flaws: the Block Discarding Attack and the Difficulty Raising Attack.
We argue that the current theoretical limit of attackers fraction of total
computational power essential for the security of the system is in a sense
not 1/2 but a bit less than 1/4 , and outline proposals for protocol change that
can raise this limit to be as close to 1/2 as we want."
"Majority is not Enough: Bitcoin Mining is Vulnerable"
Ittay Eyal and Emin Gun Sirer
arXiv:1311.0243v5 [cs.CR] 15 Nov 2013
"The Bitcoin ecosystem is open to manipulation, and
potential takeover, by miners seeking to maximize their rewards. This paper
presented Selsh-Mine, a mining strategy that enables pools of colluding miners
that adopt it to earn revenues in excess of their mining power. Higher revenues
can lead new rational miners to join selsh miner pools, leading to a collapse of
the decentralized currency."
"The Economics of Bitcoin Mining, or Bitcoin in the Presence of Adversaries"
Joshua A. Kroll, Ian C. Davey, and Edward W. Felten
June 11-12, 2013
"We consider the economics of Bitcoin min-
ing, and whether the Bitcoin protocol can survive attacks, assuming that
participants behave according to their incentives. We show that there is
a Nash equilibrium in which all players behave consistently with Bitcoin's
reference implementation, along with innitely many equilibria in which
they behave otherwise. We also show how a motivated adversary might
be able to disrupt the Bitcoin system and \crash" the currency."
"Two Bitcoins at the Price of One? Double-Spending Attacks on Fast-Spending in Bitcoin"
Ghassan O. Karame, Elli Androulaki, and Srdjan Capkun
September 2012
"In this paper, we addressed the double-spending resilience of Bitcoin 
in fast payments, in which the time to acquire a service is in the order 
of few seconds. More speci?cally, we showed that not only these attacks 
succeed with overwhelming probability, but also that, contrary to common 
beliefs, they do not incur any signi?cant overhead on the attacker."
"The Miner's Dilemma"
Ittay Eyal
November 27, 2014
"This attack affects the revenues of the pools in several ways. 
The victim pools effective mining rate is unchanged, but its 
total revenue is divided among more miners. The attackers 
mining power is reduced, since some of its miners are used for 
block withholding, but it earns additional revenue through its 
infiltration of the other pool. And finally, the total effective 
mining power in the system is reduced, causing the Bitcoin 
protocol to reduce the difficulty."
@_date: 2015-04-12 05:53:17
One very important aspect of Bitcoin is that it only gets value by people who buy it hoping it to raise in value.  This causes people to try to convince others it will raise in value, and there is a lot of bad behavior where people tell lies and myths to fool people into buying.  The nature of the money is very predatory, and it has major scams almost on a monthly basis.This is opposed to legal tender, which gets its value from taxation, which indirectly measures GDP, and the acceptance of government debt, which measures the soundness of monetary policy.Other good theses might include pointing to the vulnerabilities of Bitcoin (doublespends, block withholding attacks, etc.), the fact that electronic payment can occur with legal tender as well, or maybe even the environmental damage caused by proof of work.  If you need any references, I am happy to help!
@_date: 2015-04-12 07:26:00
And let me just mention a few other points.
* No transaction is guaranteed to be accepted on a blockchain.  And if it is, nothing guarantees it won't be reversed by another blockchain.  There is no single "the blockchain", and all of that discussion shows a clear lack of understanding of the protocol or the reasons behind double spend vulnerabilities or block withholding attacks.
* Nothing about Bitcoin makes it "near-ideal money".  It is far more volatile (rough seas) than any other asset class (again, because pure speculation is volatile and there is no value-stabilizing inherent valuation).  It is deflationary and thus will tend to be hoarded out of circulation ala Gresham's Law (with plenty of evidence to this truth).  It is subject to law just like any other asset - it's not some magical lawless fairy dust.  But the little example you gave was a great illustration of the "story telling" that abounds.
* Paul Krugman, the man you referred to, has this to say:
"The similarity to goldbug rhetoric isnt a coincidence, since goldbugs and bitcoin enthusiasts  bitbugs?  tend to share both libertarian politics and the belief that governments are vastly abusing their power to print money. At the same time, its very peculiar, since bitcoins are in a sense the ultimate fiat currency, with a value conjured out of thin air. Golds value comes in part because it has nonmonetary uses, such as filling teeth and making jewelry; paper currencies have value because theyre backed by the power of the state, which defines them as legal tender and accepts them as payment for taxes. Bitcoins, however, derive their value, if any, purely from self-fulfilling prophecy, the belief that other people will accept them as payment."
Strangely, other Nobel prize winning economists of completely opposing philosophies, including Alan Greenspan and Robert Shiller have exactly the same view of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-12 07:06:23






You are completely wrong.  Yes, there are tons of myths about how Bitcoin gets value, because predators need more fools to sell off coins to.  But nothing you mentioned has any theoretical valuation mechanism.
And there is overwhelming body of research that shows exactly how Bitcoin gets valuation.  Every new research analysis published keeps coming to the same conclusion.  No matter the data looked at, the reason stands out clear.  Several researchers actually came in with the belief that there may be value transactionally (typically because they lacked the technical understanding that no valuation can occur this way because the protocol may be duplicated into altcoins at zero fundamental cost), but their research changed their minds.
"Is Bitcoin a Real Currency?"
David Yermack
December 1, 2013
"In this research note, I argue that Bitcoin does not behave like a currency at all. Instead it
resembles a speculative investment similar to the Internet stocks of the late 1990s."
"Bitcoin: something seems to be 'fundamentally' wrong"
Jose E. Gomez-Gonzalez, Julian A. Parra-Polania
May 12, 2014
"This paper points out that a small or nil intrinsic or fundamental value represents a
problem for the stability of the bitcoin?s price as an asset. In the absence of fundamental
factors a rational expectations equilibrium for price is not guaranteed. If such factors
are small enough any small change in the market?s conditions will have a huge impact
on the bitcoin?s price and one would expect frequent emergence of bubbles as remarked
by several economists, including the Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller."
"The False Premises and Promises of Bitcoin"
Brian P. Hanley
arXiv:1312.2048v6 [cs.CE] 25 Feb 2014 
"[bitcoin is]a very clever practical joke by someone who is having enormous fun exposing in 
the most sophisticated way imaginable the naivety of clever mathematicians, economists 
and/or rich speculators. ... or ... The cleverest con trick ever conceived, and probably one 
of the most rewarding.[52]"
"Bitcoins as an investment or speculative vehicle? A first look"
C. Baek &amp; M. Elbeck
26 Aug 2014
"We use Bitcoin and S&amp;P 500 Index daily return data to examine relative volatility using 
detrended ratios. We then model Bitcoin market returns with selected economic variables 
to study the drivers of Bitcoin market returns. We report strong evidence to suggest 
that Bitcoin volatility is internally (buyer and seller) driven leading to the conclusion 
that the Bitcoin market is highly speculative at present."
"Bitcoin  Is it a Bubble? Evidence from Unit Root Tests"
Akash Malhotra and Mayank Maloo 
March 1, 2014
"This paper introduces sequential unit root tests into analysis of bubble in Bitcoin 
exchange rates which were recently developed by Phillips et al. (2011a, b). We find 
strong evidence of explosive behaviour in bitcoin exchange rates."
"Popping the Bitcoin Bubble: An application of log-periodic power law modeling to digital currency"
Alec MacDonell
April 1, 2014
"I originally hypothesized that Bitcoin values would be driven both by their worth
as a medium of exchange and by their use as a vehicle for investment. However,
after testing several variables in the model, the only exogenous variable shown
to have any statistical significance was the CBOE Volatility Index. This suggests
that, at present, investor behavior matters, but consumer behavior does not."
"What Does Crypto-currency Look Like? Gaining Insight into Bitcoin Phenomenon"
Jamal Bouoiyour and Refk Selmi
26. August 2014
"In a nutshell, Bitcoin behaves heavily as a speculative bubble, short-term hedge and
risky investment and partially as business income.  This new digital money is far from being a
long-term promise, especially when considering that this virtual currency faces a great
challenge (in particular a structural economic problem) regarding its limited amount recording
21 million units in 2140, implying that the money supply would not expand after this date."
"BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS"
Florian Glaser, Kai Zimmermann, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, Michael Siering
"One interpretation of the results is that exchange users buying Bitcoin for the first time 
are likely to keep these Bitcoins in their exchange wallet for speculation purposes and do 
not have the intention to use these acquired Bitcoins for paying goods or services. 
Furthermore, the interpretation that Bitcoin is used as asset is also supported by the fact 
that Bitcoin returns react on news events related to this digital currency. However, we 
find indications that Bitcoin users are limited in their level of professionalism and 
objectivity, which is highlighted by their bias towards positive news."
"The Economics of BitCoin Price Formation"
Pavel Ciaian, Miroslava Rajcaniova, d'Artis Kancs
arXiv:1405.4498v1 [q-fin.EC] 18 May 2014
"The strongest and statistically most significant impact on BitCoin price is estimated for 
variables capturing the impact of BitCoins attractiveness for investors: wiki_views, 
new_members and new_posts (models 2.1 and models 4.1 to 4.9)."
"BitCoin meets Google Trends and Wikipedia: Quantifying the relationship between phenomena of the Internet era"
Ladislav Kristoufek
30 July 2013
"Specifically, we find that while the prices are high (above trend), the increasing 
interest pushes the prices further atop. From the opposite side, if the prices are 
below their trend, the growing interest pushes the prices even deeper. This forms 
an environment suitable for a quite frequent emergence of a bubble behavior which 
indeed has been observed for the BitCoin currency."
"How to Price a Digital Currency? Empirical Insights on the Influence of Media Coverage on the Bitcoin Bubble"
Florian Glaser, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, and Kai Zimmermann
"Digital currencies are gaining more and more attention against the backdrop of recent 
events triggered by the ongoing economic crisis. While digital currencies face 
increasing popularity, the currencies' prices are free floating and subject to high 
volatility as a result of lacking fundamental valuation methods. On the basis of an 
overview over the most prominent currency -- Bitcoin -- and an economic literature 
review we propose an econometric model that incorporates the basic components of the 
current price discovery process of a digital currency's exchange rate. On the basis 
of our empirical validation we further show that, in the case of Bitcoin, price 
volatility is significantly influenced by the media coverage and positive sentiment."
"What are the main drivers of the Bitcoin price? Evidence from wavelet coherence analysis"
Ladislav Kristoufek
arXiv:1406.0268v1 [q-fin.CP] 2 Jun 2014
"There are several interesting findings. First,
even though Bitcoin is usually labelled as a purely speculative asset, we find that standard
fundamental factors { usage in trade, money supply and price level { play a role in Bitcoin
prices in the long term. Second, from the technical standpoint, the increasing prices of
Bitcoin motivate users to become miners. However, the effect is found to be vanishing
in time as the specialized mining hardware components have driven the hash rates and
difficulty too high."
"The digital traces of bubbles: feedback cycles between socio-economic signals in the Bitcoin economy"
David Garcia, Claudio J. Tessone, Pavlin Mavrodiev, and Nicolas Perony
arXiv:1408.1494v1 [physics.soc-ph] 7 Aug 2014
"The two positive feedback loops we identified imply a constant increase of the price, which
should drive up the Bitcoin exchange rate unsustainably. This provides an explanation for the
successive periods of almost uninterrupted growth observed from mid-2010 to June 2011, and
early 2012 to April 2013. It does not however explain the sudden drops observed at the end of
these periods."
"Is Bitcoin Business Income or Speculative Bubble? Unconditional vs. Conditional frequency domain analysis"
Jamal Bouoiyour, Refk Selmi, and Aviral Kumar Tiwari
September 2014
"Summing up, we have verified the speculative nature of Bitcoin, which is already obvious."
"Noncausal Autoregressive Model in Relation to Bitcoin/USD Exchange Rates"
Andrew Hencic, Christian Gourieroux
March 21, 2014
"The economic implications of repetitive explosive patterns call into question reliability 
of the electronic currency and the role of central authorities."
"Speculative bubbles in Bitcoin markets? An empirical investigation into the fundamental value of Bitcoin"
Eng-Tuck Cheah, John Fry
May 2015
"In this paper we undertake economic and econometric modelling of Bitcoin prices. 
As with many asset classes we show that Bitcoin exhibits speculative bubbles. 
Further, we find empirical evidence that the fundamental price of Bitcoin is zero."
@_date: 2015-04-15 03:26:21
Your post shows exactly the problem.  You use forms of "invest" 4 times.  You expect it to rise, and use the term "faith" for your actions.
After all of the many, many economics research papers into the valuation process of Bitcoin have shown over and over again that it has equilibrium value zero, people continue to "believe" that is not the case.  They are "faithful".  They "ultimately feel".
And every new user they fool into buying with these stories is a new victim who will ultimately lose their money too.  But the Bitcoin faithful will never see this as horrible predation.  They will attack the dollar for it's many geopolitical crimes but cannot acknowledge the lies Bitcoin tells to steal value from it's users.
@_date: 2015-11-20 08:44:08
I really don't understand.  It doesn't make "innovating" any easier.  There are plenty of existing code bases to be used as libraries for all blockchain manipulation.  This isn't adding any capability you can't already do on your desktop.  It's just a largely overpriced mining rig with very little hash power that is being marketed to scam kids who want to feel tech-y.  I'm not sure why this sub seems so open to letting a scammer come in with so many ads-disguised-as-independent-posts.
@_date: 2015-03-24 00:42:28
Bitcoin is divisive because it is an asset that gets it's value purely from speculation.  Pure speculative assets are predatory - they can only increase in value if you find those who will buy the asset from you at a higher value than you paid for it.  It breeds predation, and it obviously has done quite a good job at breeding predation.  A new reminder of this happens nearly every month.
The problem is that most people "into Bitcoin" will not accept the many many (many) economics papers written on this speculative valuation.  They desperately want it's value to come from some other place, and are willing to ignore the research and just blindly assert that it must be wrong.  So they justify predation, and push the currency every chance they get despite it actually hurting real people with real lives.
Of course, most who participate in these discussions don't know the particulars of why Bitcoin is predatory.  They just may know that many economists think it is not something to get into, including a number of Nobel prize winning economists from different philosophical persuasions.  Or they just heard it was bad from people they trust.  It doesn't really matter how the feeling gets passed on, it has very real and important reasons for being out there.
Assuming people are "incapable of imagining" things is just a protective defense mechanism.
"Popping the Bitcoin Bubble: An application of log-periodic power law modeling to digital currency"
Alec MacDonell
April 1, 2014
"I originally hypothesized that Bitcoin values would be driven both by their worth
as a medium of exchange and by their use as a vehicle for investment. However,
after testing several variables in the model, the only exogenous variable shown
to have any statistical significance was the CBOE Volatility Index. This suggests
that, at present, investor behavior matters, but consumer behavior does not."
"The Economics of BitCoin Price Formation"
Pavel Ciaian, Miroslava Rajcaniova, d'Artis Kancs
arXiv:1405.4498v1 [q-fin.EC] 18 May 2014
"The strongest and statistically most significant impact on BitCoin price is estimated for 
variables capturing the impact of BitCoins attractiveness for investors: wiki_views, 
new_members and new_posts (models 2.1 and models 4.1 to 4.9)."
"Bitcoins as an investment or speculative vehicle? A first look"
C. Baek &amp; M. Elbeck
26 Aug 2014
"We use Bitcoin and S&amp;P 500 Index daily return data to examine relative volatility using 
detrended ratios. We then model Bitcoin market returns with selected economic variables 
to study the drivers of Bitcoin market returns. We report strong evidence to suggest 
that Bitcoin volatility is internally (buyer and seller) driven leading to the conclusion 
that the Bitcoin market is highly speculative at present."
"Bitcoin  Is it a Bubble? Evidence from Unit Root Tests"
Akash Malhotra and Mayank Maloo 
March 1, 2014
"This paper introduces sequential unit root tests into analysis of bubble in Bitcoin 
exchange rates which were recently developed by Phillips et al. (2011a, b). We find 
strong evidence of explosive behaviour in bitcoin exchange rates."
"Bitcoin: something seems to be 'fundamentally' wrong"
Jose E. Gomez-Gonzalez, Julian A. Parra-Polania
May 12, 2014
"This paper points out that a small or nil intrinsic or fundamental value represents a
problem for the stability of the bitcoin's price as an asset. In the absence of fundamental
factors a rational expectations equilibrium for price is not guaranteed. If such factors
are small enough any small change in the market?s conditions will have a huge impact
on the bitcoin?s price and one would expect frequent emergence of bubbles as remarked
by several economists, including the Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller."
"BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS"
Florian Glaser, Kai Zimmermann, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, Michael Siering
"One interpretation of the results is that exchange users buying Bitcoin for the first time 
are likely to keep these Bitcoins in their exchange wallet for speculation purposes and do 
not have the intention to use these acquired Bitcoins for paying goods or services. 
Furthermore, the interpretation that Bitcoin is used as asset is also supported by the fact 
that Bitcoin returns react on news events related to this digital currency. However, we 
find indications that Bitcoin users are limited in their level of professionalism and 
objectivity, which is highlighted by their bias towards positive news."
"How to Price a Digital Currency? Empirical Insights on the Influence of Media Coverage on the Bitcoin Bubble"
Florian Glaser, Martin Haferkorn, Moritz Christian Weber, and Kai Zimmermann
"Digital currencies are gaining more and more attention against the backdrop of recent 
events triggered by the ongoing economic crisis. While digital currencies face 
increasing popularity, the currencies' prices are free floating and subject to high 
volatility as a result of lacking fundamental valuation methods. On the basis of an 
overview over the most prominent currency -- Bitcoin -- and an economic literature 
review we propose an econometric model that incorporates the basic components of the 
current price discovery process of a digital currency's exchange rate. On the basis 
of our empirical validation we further show that, in the case of Bitcoin, price 
volatility is significantly influenced by the media coverage and positive sentiment."
"Is Bitcoin a Real Currency?"
David Yermack
December 1, 2013
"In this research note, I argue that Bitcoin does not behave like a currency at all. Instead it
resembles a speculative investment similar to the Internet stocks of the late 1990s."
"The False Premises and Promises of Bitcoin"
Brian P. Hanley
arXiv:1312.2048v6 [cs.CE] 25 Feb 2014 
"[bitcoin is]a very clever practical joke by someone who is having enormous fun exposing in 
the most sophisticated way imaginable the naivety of clever mathematicians, economists 
and/or rich speculators. ... or ... The cleverest con trick ever conceived, and probably one 
of the most rewarding.[52]"
"What Does Crypto-currency Look Like? Gaining Insight into Bitcoin Phenomenon"
Jamal Bouoiyour and Refk Selmi
26. August 2014
"In a nutshell, Bitcoin behaves heavily as a speculative bubble, short-term hedge and
risky investment and partially as business income.  This new digital money is far from being a
long-term promise, especially when considering that this virtual currency faces a great
challenge (in particular a structural economic problem) regarding its limited amount recording
21 million units in 2140, implying that the money supply would not expand after this date."
"BitCoin meets Google Trends and Wikipedia: Quantifying the relationship between phenomena of the Internet era"
Ladislav Kristoufek
30 July 2013
"Specifically, we find that while the prices are high (above trend), the increasing 
interest pushes the prices further atop. From the opposite side, if the prices are 
below their trend, the growing interest pushes the prices even deeper. This forms 
an environment suitable for a quite frequent emergence of a bubble behavior which 
indeed has been observed for the BitCoin currency."
"The digital traces of bubbles: feedback cycles between socio-economic signals in the Bitcoin economy"
David Garcia, Claudio J. Tessone, Pavlin Mavrodiev, and Nicolas Perony
arXiv:1408.1494v1 [physics.soc-ph] 7 Aug 2014
"The two positive feedback loops we identified imply a constant increase of the price, which
should drive up the Bitcoin exchange rate unsustainably. This provides an explanation for the
successive periods of almost uninterrupted growth observed from mid-2010 to June 2011, and
early 2012 to April 2013. It does not however explain the sudden drops observed at the end of
these periods."
@_date: 2015-03-22 15:49:09
Wow, getting to the base camps is such a feat of athleticism!  I remember when I went, it took a lot of work finding a driver, then calling the driver, then taking the drive through the scenic countryside, and eventually having to take the very dangerous step of paying the driver.  And this was on the Tibetan side, so I'm sure there are dangers on the Nepal side that don't even compare.  Do they even have butter tea there, the savages??
@_date: 2015-03-05 21:01:23
The easier it gets to exchange between cryptocurrencies (and it will only get easier), the easier it becomes to reduce the friction of exchange caused by scarcity.  A proper frontend on an exchange can distribute transactions across multiple cryptos so that scarcity value increases do not eat the value of transaction with marginal sell-off.
This does two things:
* it shows why there are no true network effects or moat in the crypto space
* it shows that there is no theoretical valuation process for transaction
These are things the research and theory have discussed at length, but it will only become more apparent as these distributed exchanges start coming online.
@_date: 2015-03-24 16:44:34
Thank you for giving a great example of the "willing to ignore the research and just blindly assert that it must be wrong".  That will be illustrative to some and maybe save some people from becoming the greater fools.
As to not understanding Bitcoin, this is an overused trope that appears to be pretty played out.  This subreddit is full of people who do not understand Bitcoin, who think mixing is how you get anonymity (it isn't), who do not understand the connection between double spend and why there is no singular "blockchain" (there are many - different! - blockchains), who believe the only way known to compromise is with 51% or more hash, etc.  These papers I mention actually show more understanding of the protocol and dynamics than most discussions around here, and actually appear to have professional-level understanding on price formation mechanisms in relation to these dynamics.
But it is always less strain just to assert error blindly.  I understand that keeps the doubts at bay and helps justify more victimization.
@_date: 2015-03-17 03:34:53
I am very surprised that everyone is talking mixing.  Mixing is not anonymous because it has partial reversibility, so information on the users leaks.  It does so with 10 users or 10 million - you never get perfect anonymity.And there are already solutions using zero knowledge proofs.  In fact, coins like zerocash have theoretical anonymity, not just "almost" or "some".  Further advances will come from this direction, not mixing.Mixing is a broken solution.  That's probably a huge reason for not building it in.
@_date: 2015-02-12 06:05:49
This guy knows zero about economics, which is sad for someone who owned a brokerage firm.  Gold has no intrinsic value?  Value is a psychological desire or drive, and gold has fulfilled cosmetic drives for millennia.
This is entirely different from a hash with some set number of leading zeros.  There is no real aesthetic demand for such, and that in and of itself could be copied indefinitely so has no per unit value.
@_date: 2015-02-17 08:34:29




Thank you.  Thanks for providing yet another illustration of the mind-numbing stupidity and self-gratifying smugness that infests Bitcoin.
When people point out that Bitcoin is a purely speculative asset, it is because this is a very rare thing with very specific econometric behavior.  Gold, for instance, is not purely speculative because it has valuation by being consumed in numerous economic activities of production (cosmetics, electronics, chemistry, etc.).  Stocks are not purely speculative as they are valued in ownership over means of economic production.  When you place value in these assets, it is considered investment because you can build econometric models of niche fulfillment and have reasonable expectations of which industries and assets are likely to grow over time.
With a few odd exceptions in electronic wagering, cryptocurrencies are really the only purely speculative assets.  They have no fundamental valuation on which to build expectations and are simply valued on hype, mythologies, pump and dump cycles, and the like.
Nobody pointing this out dislikes markets.  They are obviously interested in economics to be pointing to such textbook distinctions.  Typically they just dislike smug liars who try to fool other people into buying their asset so they can unload onto some more unfortunate fool.


First, Bitcoin has mostly been shrinking in value for the past year, not growing.  Transaction volume in hard value is flat.  So you have to be delusional to believe it is "growing every day".
But the whole idea that Bitcoin gets value from being able to send value anywhere is so wrong as to be one of the leading myths.  Anyone who actually did research on Bitcoin would know this.  The number of economics journal papers that have explored this myth are staggering, and all have come to the same conclusion: there is no measurable valuation from value transfer.
None.  Zero.  All research agrees.
The theoretical reasons are easy to see.  Transfer is actually more expensive if you have to hold in legal tender on both sides (two bank transfers and two exchange fees).  But if both sides hold Bitcoin, volatility makes the transfer noisier and less reliable than bank or intermediate asset transfer.  But this lower valuation is per-transfer valuation, not per-Bitcoin, and demand is not currently saturating Bitcoin transaction availability.  Not only that, but if transactions ever became saturated, that would just incentivise use of other cryptocurrencies to keep transaction costs low.  So there is no stable valuation through this process.
And many have done the experimental analysis of the data too.  Bitcoin gets no value from it's utility in transaction.  All research shows that it is purely speculative.  Bitcoin only gets value by fooling new buyers into coming in and losing their money to those who are getting out of the game.
This has nothing to do with people hating markets.  This has to do with hating liars who try to spin myths like the "value as a mode a value transport" one that is always the fallback.


Yes, an asset that has fallen 80% over the year is seen as resilient.


But you haven't gotten away from trust.  You still trust the miner who wins the random lottery that mines the block your transactions live on for including them.  You still trust the other party in transaction to you that they are not going to double spend, and even if you wait 2, 3, or any number of blocks, there is still a possibility they may successfully doublespend against you.  You still trust the miners not to collaborate to achieve &gt;50% hash and use it to steal value from the blockchain by rewriting it in their favor.  You still trust the holders of Bitcoin to not do market manipulation floods that crash the price or buyouts to pump the price (or mixtures for profit or ulterior motives).
This is not even algorithmic trustlessness as you trust the consensus mechanism.
An alternative distributed system is called "voting", which empowers people to elect legislative branch members to enforce fiscal policies in their favor.  This also has mechanisms for consensus.  But this mechanism has a direct mechanism for distributed accountability, unlike the blockchain where miner's buy their proportion of consensus vote and have no mechanism of accountability.
Yet people who are proselytizing Bitcoin tend to spin this decentralized action as a central authority, and will point to the flaws that ignorance, propaganda, and people's selfish choices bring to the perpetuation of injustice and imbalance by the government.  And then, in the next breath, those same mechanisms of consensus are spun as intelligent market-driven action *that is most certainly decentralised* in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-04 06:08:19
Double spend means confirmed on two different branches of working blockchains to two different outputs.  Working blockchains branch all the time.  This is why the official wiki even suggests 2, 3, or more confirmations for high value transactions.
@_date: 2015-03-04 06:04:42
You seem unaware of what double spend means.
@_date: 2015-02-16 20:11:57
Do you not see the problem in your post?  Your first paragraph is an apologetic on the potential for another bubble.  Bubbles are a predatory construct; they are not intrinsic value growth.  Every bubble leaves a wake of greatest fool victims.
This is a reason behind a number of the regular posters' opposition to Bitcoin.  There is no intrinsic valuation process.  All economic research shows this, and the papers published on this are pretty definitive.  So all value growth is ultimately predatory and transitory.
And you see this in This desire for the next bubble.  The next get-rich-quick chance.  Buy low, sell high, get out while you are ahead because it always comes back down.  Don't be one of the fools (again) (this time).
And all the myths told to get newcomers in...  These "fundamentals", this "ecosystem", the "network effect" - no actual value-producing econometric models but just a litany of buzzwords to tell yourself so you keep believing.  When all the utility propositions are actually analysed, there is none that actually survives.  Remissions and other value transfer utility turns out worse than existing legal tender solutions, even/especially internationally except during bubbles and arbitrage opportunities that are fleeting.  Value store is not stable and has theoretical equilibrium of 0.  There doesn't appear to be any technology where the blockchain solution of an exploitable consensus is better than a trusted, and legally accountable, authority.
In general, underneath all the humor and poking the hornet's nest behavior, I think this underlies a lot of the buttcoin participation.  There is clear predatory behavior happening in an asset class that appears to only get valuation through predatory behavior.  That is seen as highly unethical.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:12:11
Intrinsic value has a specific meaning in economics and value theory, in opposition to derived or speculative value.  Making up your own definitions doesn't help your case.