@_author: exall_btc
@_date: 2016-04-26 20:49:56
Agree here. Read the white-paper, which, btw, looks more like a marketing text and not a very good one. In order to understand the concept you'll have to read it several times to filter out the "water". Aaand... i don't see how it succeeds. Yes, the future is mobile, but I don't see why should i use this Fermat thing instead of using regular smartphone apps. Nowadays app can be built on same "middleman" platform with virtually same appliances using btc and eth, or coloured coins. why someone would want to put another "os" in addition to the existing os? why would developer want to do that in first place? You will have the native smartphone os, and then you'll have the  Fermat extension, in which you'll have some other apps running?  and how many apps user will have to install? and how the apps will be moderated to filter out scum and stuff? and in some cases you ACTUALLY NEED a middleman, or an arbitrator... what about those cases? And real anonymity? On your mobile?
I think the idea is still somehow not ready for the world yet.. though it's 2 yrs old.
Or I might have misunderstood something there... That may be the case as well.
@_date: 2016-01-01 14:06:36
It's purely a tech issue to resolve. There could be some kind proof of existence protocol built for nodes in order to overcome it. Or something like this. I'ts just a excuse not to do it. I think everything is possible.
@_date: 2016-02-07 12:27:17
Same here. We can actually crowdsource it. But, Bruce, You need to be more open to public with your actions. The BF, i mean. If you were providing this info in time, we could have already solve it, i think. There are lots and lots of interested orgs and persons here. But we have very little idea of what you'r doing there. And involving more public into your activity and thing like this would be good for BF in general. IMO. PM me please.
@_date: 2016-07-03 07:19:26
making buzz will involve a lot of people that will not understand that  is all about bitcoin imo.
@_date: 2016-07-02 23:33:36
To make some buzz?
@_date: 2016-07-03 07:40:21
You'r writing it like as if you really knew who i am and what my real intentions are. That's so easy to abuse ppl without even knowing them right? Does anyone who wants to promote bitcoin among those who do not know yet about it - is pump and dump faggot?  I'm raising a suggestion here, not knowing weather the public will or will not support it. And if anything the pump and dump thing is done totally not like this. You'r a smart guy, you should know.
Btw. I hold for almost 4 years now and I plan to keep it that way.
P.s. You know nothing, John Snow...