@_author: exbuhe27
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:44:56
Let me get this straight.
You want to take real money, and put it in MtGox, so that you can make a quick buck - even though you've read ALL the posts on here about how the VAST MAJORITY of people have LOST money on MtGox due to incompetence on Gox's part and maybe a bit of maliciousness?
Do you think you'll beat the statistics?
Well you better hurry, this sure opportunity won't last long! It worked for that other guy, guaranteed to work for you!
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:04:48
Alright, thanks for pointing that out....
I understand the restriction, looks like there is a ton of spam in the newbs section. Unfortunate we gotta wade through bullshit to discuss something.
@_date: 2014-01-12 09:44:19
But there is enough of a supply chain.
Buyers buy weed, sellers hold BTC until they need money, sell BTC on open market (if they need to, which they will at first before wider adoption) - buyers buy BTC on open market, buy weed with it. Then you have a full cycle. And with the wide dispersion of BTC this could lead to, other sectors of the economy can't be far behind.
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:26:28
Looks like answered it. Though I don't think it's widely implemented, and it seems like it should be.
I think it's probably unnecessary 95% of the time, but an absolute godsend the other 5% of the time.
@_date: 2014-01-12 08:53:19
Soooooo........they could just, you know, accept Bitcoin?
Oh, that's already been said in this thread?
No it hasn't! What is all this bullshit about a Bitcoin ATM?! How about, they, you know, JUST ACCEPT BITCOIN?! Cash doesn't even need to be involved. I'm looking forward to when I get receipts that don't have tho dollar equivalent value on them.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:19:38
See that reddit thread, watch Andreas' part in the video (thread tells you where to start). He makes some really amazing points.
One of his most important ones, I think, is that Bitcoin is "like" torrenting - it's decentralized, resilient, and it can't be un-invented and is really really difficult to stop/shutdown. Whether it's a good thing or not, the technology and ideas behind bitcoin are here, and they won't go away.
I also like this video because it's him talking to other bitcoiners - so instead of talking about more basic ideas of bitcoin or trying to defend it to constant attempted undermining by the talking heads, you can see how excited he gets about it.
Personally, the message I would like to share is this: I don't know if a deflationary, inflationary, disinflationary, or anything-ary currency is better. I think probably no one really really knows, though we've seen general trends throughout history. What I DO think is better though, is that we know EXACTLY how bitcoin will behave in the future - we know EXACTLY how fast it will be generated, no matter what else happens. There is no toying with it, no unexpected moves by governments or banks. To me, it seems that it doesn't really matter if the currency is inflationary or deflationary (as long as it's not extreme in either direction), but if it's predictable. It's something we really haven't tried in the past - and the more people that use it, the more assured that it will be completely predictable.
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:03:31
Put some of it up as a bounty for an easy to use pool client......
I mean the advertising was meant for the future of Bitcoin.
Surely about 8k$ can motivate someone to make a GUI, shoot, I'll try it this weekend.
just saying.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:41:08
So you're saying you have hashing power in both the main chain and the sub chain?
Edit: you could also make the main and sub-chains different hashing algos, one that's memory inefficient would be good for the sub-chains so they can't use the same equipment either.
Well, either way, we could say that the network only pays out rewards for the sub-chains on the main-chain-block directly behind the current block and ignores work on older parts of the chain. Your sub-blocks generated on one main-chain block won't be valid for another main-chain block, so you can't just push them back to the next block.
@_date: 2014-01-08 19:46:09
If it's a native linux command it can be done, or a non-native one you write yourself. (Edit for clarity: if it's a command you can exec() in linux - any command you run from a terminal basically)
Not a bad idea actually, you could write a little .sh file, put it in one of your bin directories, and have that .sh file do something really simple like
for i in &lt;some random number&gt;
then take the output of that and pass it through a salt.
Problem is, an attacker isn't going to guess "maybe they ran it through a scrypt algorithm &lt;some random number of times&gt;", they're just going to guess random characters. So while this program can generate lots of entropy very quickly, you'll still be limited by the entropy of allowed passwords to whatever you're using - something like encryption keys doesn't limit it, but logins to sites does.
I think that's what you're referring to with key-strengthing/stretching?
Is there an easily installed implementation of scrypt that you can run on a file from a terminal?
Edit 2:
I just looked, there is scrypt in the arch-repos. Just a quick (very very quick) look at the man page seems to imply it's used for encryption? That's less useful than one-way hash-functions themselves I think, because encrypted files are less likely to look like random noise? Question mark because I'm not sure - I would have to look more into it.
It's an interesting idea, but the way that the scrypt program runs it asks for an encryption key and such - which I can't really implement in my program I don't think.
But if you're just referring to generic key-stretching/strengthening, I think that can be fairly easily implemented with a custom script you run (even just in the same directory as the spg program). I wanted to avoid adding loops to the parsing language, but you make an interesting case for it - I could maybe make it so that loops aren't implemented, but you can specify how many times to call a function?
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:56:07
As far as including them in the current main block, just push hashes referring to them in there, just like the current main block hashes the previous main block. Then the hash for the current main block will be used to make the after-current main block, which means only a current main block with all the proper sub-block-hashes can be used to generate the after-current main block.
Also, could make it so that only one sub-chain off the main block is allowed, and people who want to work on the sub-problem have to keep up-to-date on the sub-chain, which makes it easier to collect all the sub-blocks when a new main-block is created, you only have to grab one sub-chain from one person storing that chain. The sub-chain miners may not even need to hold an entire blockchain, just the current block they're working on along with the current-sub-chain-block chain (probably bad practice though).
The main miners collect the heaviest sub-chain for inclusion in their block (or not, depending on what they're going for, gotta tune it so that there is incentive to do so).
@_date: 2014-01-10 16:42:59
Do you have any actual objections to the idea?
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:35:25
While I agree that everything should be meshed together, and I agree that this would be quicker, it would most certainly not be safer.
This fully embraces the idea of push-based payments - you can have a bitcoin wallet that is completely offline and still able to make payments - your wallet never has to even touch the internet. Additionally, if the merchant is a human (or a robot) standing there verifying your transaction, it means they don't have to wait for network propagation to know at least that it's valid - no "Well the network is probably slow excuses." Not a problem now, but who knows in the future - though even now sometimes cell networks are slow, and not everyone has cell phones. And on top of that, the responsibility is now fully on the merchant to ensure that he is not being attacked by an address swapper (like that one Chrome app was doing).
Scanning a QR code back and forth is really cumbersome and sucks - but I would be willing to do it for purchases over 50$ or so. But it doesn't even have to actually be cumbersome, NFC or Bluetooth can be used to transmit the data back and forth in a seamless way. You could even use something that broadcasts to transmit the "payment request", then only the person who is supposed to pay (in the local area) would have interest in pressing "confirm generate transaction and send data back."
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:00:47
No, what we're saying is if you want to risk money in speculation, by trying to trade Bitcoin - then you need to do lots of research. Just like if you want to risk any other object/currency in trading.
If you want to just have bitcoin for spending? Not much research/knowledge required, download an app that stores your wallet locally and use it like any other phone-payment system. THAT's the intended use of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin's "be your own bank" only applies if you use it like you would money in a bank - by STORING value with it or by using to to PURCHASE things. As soon as you start using it to make money with EXCHANGES, it is no longer a bank. You are risking ALL of the fiat you put in the stock market, just like you are risking ALL of the Bitcoin you put in a stock market.
I have no sympathy for people who won't do research before deciding they want to risk money in a market as volatile as Bitcoins, just like you would have very little sympathy for your neighbor who came to you and said "man, that other neighbor thought I should put all my money into this company I've never heard of, so I thought, why not? I'll give it a go! The potential for profit is huge!" and he lost everything. A quick Google search, or looking at this sub-reddit, or at Bitcointalk.org, will tell you there are many alternatives to Gox which have shown excellent customer support, if what you want to do is trade. Even people who trade in WELL ESTABLISHED fiat markets strongle urge new-comers in those markets to learn about trading, to not day trade, to pick good trading platforms, etc.... And it's ACCEPTED that you will lose money on those markets and the common response when people do is "Well, what did you expect?" Why would our response be any different for Bitcoin which is more volatile and extremely new?
I did day trade a bit when I first got Bitcoin - for about 2 days. And I wasn't very good at it. Then I decided to read more, and concluded that day trading wasn't a good decision for me, and started to learn more about Bitcoin itself. And now I believe, that the ONLY useful thing that comes out of these exchanges, is giving people a way to acquire bitcoin - the speculative trading that is occuring is a cancer and I hope it goes away soon.
@_date: 2014-04-22 17:11:43
Yeah, it was an example. In reality though, the point of the Blockchain is that *anyone* can easily verify it. You can't exactly hand a complex molecular dynamics problem to everyone and ask them to verify it - then people without much compute power would take forever to verify the block chain, while people with lots of compute power would write the block chain faster than they can keep up. The blockchain as it is can be verified much much quicker by pretty much any computer out there than it can be generated by all the computers on the network together. So molecular dynamics simulations are hard for new nodes to join the network with - they have to actually do all the computations the network has previously done because there is no "short-cut" to a molecular dynamics simulations (if you know of one please, let me know. I'll write a paper on it). With trap-door hash functions, the amount of verification computations they have to do only scales with the number of successful previous hashes (block-chain length), not with all the attempted previous hashes (compute-power of the entire network).
Another issue with this is the fact (mentioned on another one of my comments) that the SHA256 hash is "random". This means that the person running a single Raspberry Pi actually has a chance of finding a solution *before* KnC even though KnC probably accounts for a large portion of the Hashrate.
With molecular dynamics simulations - whoever has the fastest computer will solve it first, every single time. It's a deterministic problem.
Edit: I should point out that I just saw the answer/example provided below (in parallel to my previous answer). It is much more succint and easier to understand than my ramblings. By including numbers he/she very clearly shows the difference that an "easy" verification process makes. We're talking Billions of Billions of times easier.
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:36:10
Cool, exactly what I was asking about. Many thanks :)
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:35:20
This is the don't rely on security through obscurity argument I see everywhere yes?
I have to think about it more, technology develops fast, astoundingly fast it seems. The original SHA sums were thought to be enough, then they were upped and upped until we have numbers like 2^512? But still we had to up the barrier more by requiring a lot of memory too? I guess we don't actually have to do that yet, we just think that eventually we will need that.
Anyway, I agree with what you're saying. Damn, I kinda just wish I had more people to talk about this stuff with. I'm in a couple math classes - and once I started taking higher-level number theory and cryptography classes, my interest in physics dropped so fast.
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:58:45
Should I add a /sarc tag to that paragraph?
I thought it was pretty obvious, I guess not?
@_date: 2014-01-16 07:18:53
How would I get a false transaction into the current Bitcoin chain?
I would publish the transaction, and hope it gets picked up by a miner. Probably even before it gets picked up by a miner it would be dropped by full nodes who call bullshit on the transaction. Even if I published it directly to a miner, they would verify it before publishing their block and call bullshit on the transaction. Then even if they didn't verify the transaction and ended up accepting it into their block, other miners would call bullshit on them and reject their block, continuing to mine off the previous block.
How would you fake a transaction with my system?
You would publish a transaction to the network. Once it hits the first full node they would call bullshit. So instead you publish to the lowest level miner - they have to either accept the transaction or deny it - if it's fake they deny it. Say they do accept it (for whatever insane reason), then the super-block is mined. The super-block miner has to either accept or deny the sub-block, so he inspects the sub-blocks transaction lists and denys that sub-block. This happens all the way up to the main-block, and the only way to get the network to accept this false transaction is if 51% of the miners at EACH LEVEL accept the block. So even if you owned ALL the mining at one level of mining, you still couldn't accept false transactions. Each full node has to store every transaction and every sub-block. So just like in the current system, the miners have agreed upon a protocol by which they'll accept blocks. And just like in the current protocol, if a miner decides to deviate from that protocol, he won't be able to find a block because other miners and full-nodes will reject his blocks.
The lower target for the miners can be just as much proof as the higher current targets for miners - you just need more of it. It still proves that work was done to find blocks.
Yes, it adds bloat. Yes it makes the block-tree bigger. There are advantages to that. Right now the "longest" block-chain is picked by the sum of the difficulties of all the blocks on it (so really it's the heaviest, but in the case of a chain, heaviest = longest) - here you would sum the difficulties of all the main blocks + the difficulties of all the sub-blocks, meaning to fake a main block from earlier in the block-chain you either have to fake the same amount of main-blocks (which requires a lot of work), or MANY MANY more sub-blocks (which requires a lot of work). The current protocol isn't any different, only all you have to do is fake main-blocks right now, something that people are legitimately worried about GHash.io deciding to do. Here, realistically you would have to have mining hardware NOT just in sha256 ASICs, NOT just in scrypt equipment, but also in whatever other equipment is needed to mine whatever other algos are used for sub-sub-blocks. You could even do something simple like "it's the same process as the main-chain, namely sha256 sums, but you have to bitshift the pre-hash image first." It would be really simple to make sure people can't use the same calculations to merge-mine each level of sub-blocks.
Another advantage is more granular decisions about how secure your transaction is - you could choose to wait for 2 level 3 blocks, or 1 level 2 block, or for hundreds of thousands of dollars 2 level 1 (main) blocks, etc...
Anyway, the main advantage is that it makes mining harder. It distributes the rewards for mining among people much much more, and makes mining less profitable. It also allows us to tune how hard and/or profitable it is directly, and to push people into different groups of miners (which sub-chains they're mining) based on that profitability.
The current system is too profitable for miners, especially for people who can get other miners to group up and form pools. So here, we don't just need it to be 10x the work, we need it to be 1000x the work, or 1Mx, however much more work it takes so that people who buy little ASIC rigs or have a graphics card can realistically find sub-blocks enough to make it appealing not to pool mine - right now the whole system is stacked against that idea. ONE block reward!? Going to ONE miner?! In an ENTIRE world of miners? Who wouldn't pool mine? We need a way to distribute those block rewards more evenly based on network hash-rate - the current solution is pool mining.
If we make it more profitable to solo-mine vs group mining, we won't have that issue. And sure, we have p2pool going, and we have good people donating money to give miners incentive to mine using p2pool - but a) that's slapped on top of it, not built directly in, and b) we can't and more importantly shouldn't count on people always treating Bitcoin "ethically." In 20 years when it's in wide use, it will be like cars, no one will want to look under the hood. Those that do won't understand the significance as much, and probably won't care about the "integrity of the network" as much. To them finding a way to trick Bitcoin by gathering 51% hashing power may just be another scam they pull off. It should be built in from the start that that is prohibitively difficult to achieve, and I think my system could be a step towards that direction.
So, maybe this isn't the best way to distribute the block rewards. But it is A way to do it. If p2pool was built directly in, where the miners all worked on a separate much quicker block-chain to mine and the rest of the network (full nodes and clients) saw only the main block-chain which the miners threw blocks up onto occasionally as a group - and that was how you were forced to mine, would it work? Still no. p2pool accounts for a pretty small number of miners out there - if everyone went there we'd have the same problem as now, the difficulty of the p2pool chain would rise and people would only occasionally find the reduced proof-of-work necessary to garner any rewards and people would pool within the p2pool. With my setup, you could set it up so that a 100Gh/s rig would always allow people to turn a small profit at SOME level in the mining hierarchy without pooling. With some tuning/feedback loops, it could make it most profitable to compete against your peers hash-rate wise - picking on people your own size essentially.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:15:08
Had some more ideas based on changing the hashing algos used for the quicker/smaller blocks.
Basically we could use something like scrypt for the 1 minute or .1 minute blocks, making it so that mining is much more difficult anyway and the current ASIC farms can't outcrowd those mining arenas as easily (like they have for Bitcoin). Then you just adjust the difficulty way down to keep the blocks rolling in at 1 minute, .1 minutes, etc... This leaves the big ASIC farms to war with themselves, and still ensures a cut for those who want to farm on a smaller scale.
I wonder if you could even just get rid of the 1 minute/.1 minute hard-codes, and just say, "everything above this percentage of the main difficulty is valid, payouts are based on the difficulty of what you submit" - then you could set that percentage super low and use a scrypt algo so that anyone can really get a cut. These extra blocks are adorned directly off the main chain blocks, not off each other, more like ornament blocks than tree blocks. Then you may have to scrap the idea of lower percentage difficulties being allowed to bundle transactions.
Unless you forked the chain - as soon as the first lower difficulty block that was still high enough difficulty to "psuedo-verify" a transaction was created, the next one would have to be built off that one. This also makes it easier to enforce cooperation on which sub-chains are combined with the main chain. Then the difficulty required for a "pseudo-verification" can be set so there are an average of 10 every "real-verification", while still allowing even lower difficulty blocks.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:58:26
Only about a half hour into Andreas' part - but this is a really good watch.
I thought I saw the potential for Bitcoin - but what I know now is I don't and never will. No one knows where this is going, but he's right - "it can't be uninvented". There's no stopping it. I'm glad he shares the "laughing at the bankers" attitude - they're so ignorant to the storm that is going to hit them. The same claws of innovation that are gripping the media and content sharing industries will strangle the banks to death as they wither away into uselessness.
@_date: 2014-01-12 09:41:56
Thank you for accepting Bitcoin for weed.
Quick question, why are you planning on using a service like Coinbase or Bitpay? It's not really necessary, you can just setup a client that generates QR codes and use that - even the original Bitcoin-Qt can generate QR codes. If you want fiat out of it, sell on the open market yourself. Is there some legal reason I'm missing?
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:46:55
The new blocks are actually stored on the blockchain, providing a public record of who mined what blocks. This means no central pool operator is necessary to calculate who did what work - so there is no incentive to pool, people can effectively pool mine without having to be in a pool.
@_date: 2014-01-11 01:48:46
Good point, I apologize for my comment implying that you were negative about my idea. It's almost worth removing my comment, but I'm strongly adverse to that idea.
Sorry for casting my built-in connotations on your reply.
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:40:06
Hmmmm....interesting idea. Pass a transaction to someone using base58 in a text message. That would be a cool little trick if the wallets supported entering raw base58 tx data.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:24:43
Hmmmm, I think that's a problem that would only occur with the first block that allowed generation like this.
The next main block would include a hash of all the previous 1 minute and .1 minute blocks as well (a change to the base of each hash used), well at least as many of them as the current miner had heard about. Then the problem becomes that the miner could not hear about these sub-chains or choose not to include them (which they would actually have incentive to not include them so they get a higher percentage of the award). But that can be fixed too, already the current main-chain is accepted on highest difficulty, it's in a miners best interests to accept as many sub-blocks as possible so that their block is the highest difficulty and no one who finds a block just a second later can beat them out just because they had more sub-blocks in their version of the next main block.
So - sub blocks are verifiable to the previous main block, but are included in the current main block. And we have incentive for miners to keep current on all the sub-blocks generated with the previous main block as the base (lest they loose the block reward completely). Kinda also forces them to diversify the type of equipment they buy/use so they can verify sub-blocks easily (though they only need do this a relatively small number of times per main block).
Damn, this is really fun to think about.
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:56:50
Maybe it's important. It's just not related to Bitcoin. And it's not news.
The only way I can see someone thinking it's related to Bitcoin is if they think of Bitcoin as a "Get rich quick by trading" platform, which it never has been. That was a side-effect.
The Bitcoin protocol is supposed to enable the "personal bank" idea (and even that is a side-effect, the protocol does much more than that for security and trustless networks) - exchanges should be seen as means to acquire Bitcoin, and nothing more. If you start trading on exchanges to make money, you assume all the risks that come with trading. Those risks are very real whether you're trading Bitcoin or fiat. Most people would agree that to trade in the fiat based stock market you should at least do some research on what trading platform you'll use? Maybe look at some user-reviews?
@_date: 2014-01-08 23:32:25
Just read a bunch more about scrypt.....
Probably should have just done that from the start :P
Well, I guess then.....this project is fairly closed. Got to learn how to use a bit of Qt and learn how much people are trying to abstract programming in C++, who knows if that's worth it. Edit: Just realized this little blurb sounded bad. I meant who knows if the abstractions in C++ are worth it over C, mainly because I find it much easier to code in C - seems to be a more physicist friendly tool than C++.
Thanks, I'll take a look at those sites. I really appreciate the feedback, I was afraid no one would look at this and mainly I just wanted to know if I was trying the right things.
@_date: 2014-01-12 19:50:26
A major overhaul about how we think about money and transferring ownership is probably gonna step on the toes of those currently in control of it.....
I think there could be some demand for people who are willing to buy Bitcoin from the dispensaries in person, then take it upon themselves to sell it on the market. Though I may only think that because I'm really opposed to these companies which are offering fiat/BTC exchange for businesses. Maybe they help it move now, but hopefully people don't start to think that they are actually necessary.
Ha, you could have smokers going to the dispensary, buying the weed, then going to the BTC dispensary and buying the Bitcoin back. So really we just need Bitcoin ATMs that can accept BTC or USD and exchange for the other - this could be a big money maker. Do the current ones allow transfer both ways?
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:10:04
To me news about Bitcoin is: "What changes will be made in the 0.9 reference client?" or news like "Transaction malleability is a serious issue, here's how we're fixing it" or news like "Here is an easy way to implement CoinJoin to increase your anonymity and security" or news like "MtGox accuses Bitcoin of having a fatal flaw."
To me, news about Bitcoin isn't: "Gox screwed over hundreds over customers." "Gox is insolvent." "Gox will resume withdrawals in one week." That is news about Gox.
Exchanges should be used to acquire Bitcoin and nothing more if you intent to use Bitcoin as your "personal bank." Once you start using an exchange for trading, you aren't reaping the benefits of Bitcoin.
Stuff like "Don't use Gox, it's awful and I can't get my BTC out" belong in a Gox forum. Or on an Exchange Users Review page.
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:45:30
Got it posted to the Dev forum!
@_date: 2014-01-10 16:15:58
Bitcoins aren't really associated with.....anything.
If anything, really just staggering price-swings.
The vast majority of people don't know about Bitcoin, publicity and flow are what it needs right now.
Edit for grammar.
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:56:44
Hmmmm, I had never really thought of scrypt like that before.....
but it makes a lot of sense.
I still think my program could serve a purpose for other things though. Scrypt is still a standard algorithm that everyone accepts, so still the attacker could just pass all his possible inputs through scrypt, right? Maybe I don't fully understand scrypt, I should write a program for it, that's what I did to understand sha256sum more.
With something like this, the attacker can't even really know very well what the algorithms you passed your password through were, right? It's like adding entropy by adding choice of algorithm to the password. And the thing is, it doesn't get in the way of any of the other password generation methods. You can still include your scrypt password in this program and have all your entropy from that too....but at this point we're talking about such staggering amounts of entropy that probably other means of protection are more important, like highering a security service or something.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:06:51
Looking at this: 
It looks like you do have to include the hash of the previous block as the base for working on the next block. I think that solves the validity issue.
The same mechanism could be used to prove validity as is used on the current main chain - namely the pre-hash value has to take on a specific format which is based on the previous block.
Then you can just change how you use the hashing algo to determine whether a new block was found for the 1 and .1 minute blocks.
Sorry, still researching more about this. Correct me if I misunderstood.
Edit: Forgot link
@_date: 2014-01-11 01:34:55
Hmmmm.... so I'm taking it that you are rejecting my idea just on the assumption that I smoke pot?
Well, there's no point arguing with you. You won't have anything of value to add to the discussion.
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:25:58
Thanks, I was going to do that next if no one here countered the idea. I'll make an account and do that now.
I'm not sure if it's a workable idea or not, but I know that it would be good to talk about possibilities more.
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:39:06
I have heard of it, great project, ran it for a bit. But how does folding at home verify the calculations? Do they even verify the calculations? If they do verify them, how long does it take in comparison to the original calculations?
SHA256 takes a long time to find a partial collision, but is very fast to verify that a collision was found. Hence you're able to prove easily that a certain amount of work was faithfully done.
With protein folding - it's largly molecular dynamics (maybe some ab-initio HF/DFT calculations). How do you verify that it was calculated correctly? A quick search doesn't turn over any evidence that they even try to verify them (a very quick search - nothing in depth). At the very least, you would have to run the reaction path again or re-calculate the free energies of the produced system and verify that they lined up. That or you could farm out the same problem to two people and see if they come back with the same or similar solutions = wasted compute time.
It could be that SNARKS will enable computations like this to be verified quickly and easily - but then we're talking about a much more general approach that could change Bitcoin in other ways.
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:59:40
Hmmmm, well the 10 minute blocks need to be able to prove that they can come after the previous 10-minute block, right? So I imagined that the same mechanisms could be used for the 1 and .1 minute blocks - though I'll have to look at how they're actually done to see if it's possible now. I wish I could find the paper which talked about making a block tree using the orphaned blocks, but I can't - it was posted here a while ago, I thought I had even saved a copy of it. That's what this idea was based on.
As for providing incentive for miners who work on the 10 minute blocks to include the 1 minute and the .1 minute blocks in the rewards process, I hadn't thought of that...... They're built on the previous block, not the new ungenerated block (though now I'm going to look up if that's valid now), so they can't be invalidated - but we'd certainly have to code in to make sure the network awards the reward and not the miner who finds the block.
I'm going to do some research on building the blocks now.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:00:57
There's nothing sarcastic about the first 3. Just the last one.
I'll put it in a sarc block.
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:45:05
Can you verify that a protein folded correctly without re-calculating the entire dynamics? Seems like that would be a waste of computational power.
The current setup is hard to calculate, but easy to verify. Something that's not easy to verify would see more centralization and more wasted computation. Perhaps SNARKS can change that though.
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:22:01
Also if you want to consolidate this discussion we can move it over to Bitcointalk. We seem to be the only ones talking here and there could be more over there.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:38:34
I think the network could tune the reward/difficulty so that the miners have incentive to include the blocks in the next block - not doing so would mean that a miner who does and finds a block in the next half-second would have a heavier difficulty version of the blockchain and their block would be accepted - original miner would lose all the reward.
If you tune the difficulty, you could ensure that the main block finder gets say....50% of the reward on average, which should be enough incentive.
Problem then also becomes tuning the "importance" of the different types of blocks. If you place transactions in the sub-blocks and not the main blocks, how are double-spend attacks mounted? How does that change what we have to do to secure against them?
If transactions are in sub-blocks, then the miner who wants to double-spend has to have over 51% hashing power in BOTH the main chain and the sub-chain to guarantee that they can double spend, yes? Making different hashing algos for both makes that pretty difficult.
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:16:11
Ok.....I understand now.
So the current block is "the block as the current miner sees it....including whatever transactions have reached him by then and he agrees to accept".
So the miner is constantly updating his list of transactions because to not do so would be to risk missing out on transaction fees? And when he finds a block that works he hashes it and throws it out and whatever transactions made it made it.
Well, transactions are just data, and the way I see it the sub-blocks based off the last block can be just data as well. So I'm not sure why the main-block guy can't just harvest a current list of sub-blocks to use - whichever sub-block chain he finds that gives his main-block the most weight will be the one he picks. This would pretty much mean a completely different scheme yes? Something to be implemented in an alt-coin and not in Bitcoin.
Then your next point is validation of the sub-blocks. Why can't they just follow a similar argument as the main block? To generate a sub-block, you collect a bunch of transactions, call that your current sub-block, look back to the previous sub-block (the first sub-blocks being the previous main-block), hash that block, hash your current block (which you're building with transactions), and shoot for a different type of value than what the main chain is shooting for. Then you propagate that to the sub-block mining network and once they validate your block (the hash turns out correct relative to the last sub-block or relative to the last main-block for the first sub-block off a main block), they start working off that sub-block instead. Does that make sense? Then when the next main block gets thrown on, it has to quickly validate all the sub-blocks it's including - a quick process to verify that the hashes and such were all correct.
I guess what I'm saying is - we can just set two different metrics for blocks being chosen. It's fairly arbitrary how it's set other than "you have to do lots of work and we use math to prove that you *probably* did". So for the sub-block we choose a different arbitrary problem based on the last block. If you agree a new main-block can e previous sub-block (the first sub-blocks being the previous main-block), hash that block, hash your current block (which yoube generated off the current block, then the way I see it you have to agree a new sub-block can be generated on it too, with a different proof-of-work scheme (different meaning any difference, event just a difference in difficulty). It's not like the hash of a main block is magical compared to the hash of a sub-block. So just use a different hash for the main blocks and for the sub-blocks.
Then there is the issue of whether future main-blocks accept previous main-blocks list of sub-blocks - but if they don't then they won't be a valid main block. The network has accepted a main-block, which includes the sub-block data (and thus inside that data the transaction data), so if the new main block tries to generate a new main block based on a previous block that misses one of the sub-blocks, they simply won't be able to do it without going back and regenerating that main-block they are re-writing, then re-generating EVERY main block that has occurred after that, AS WELL AS regenerating enough sub-blocks off those main blocks to make their fork be the heavier tree. If the hashing algo used for the sub-blocks is different than the main blocks, then they have to have either 51% in both main-hashing power and sub-hashing power, or such a gross majority in main-power that they can generate main blocks 2x (or some other number, depends on the weighting) or sub-blocks 2x as fast as the rest of the network - pretty impractical. Combine that with how you can remove incentive for massive pool mining by just making the smallest block possible to mine with a say, 10Gh/s rig (obtainable for about $1000, less than what a lot of people spend on laptops), and suddenly it becomes vastly more difficult to collect enough mining power to attack the network and re-write blocks.
I think there still is the trade-off between potentially invalid now and agreed upon valid later. You can spend the same coins on opposite sides of the network to try to get them in, and maybe before another block is created it will work, but as soon as another block is created, the miners verify ALL the transactions in the block, yes? So one or the other version of the transaction is going to be accepted after that point, but up until that point you don't know which it will be. The same could be for sub-blocks, you collect a bunch of sub-blocks, the sub-blocks have to contain valid transactions for you to accept it into your main block. Using this scheme, we could pay transaction fees ONLY to the sub-blocks, then main-block miners could charge a "main-block inclusion fee" which the sub-blocks would have to include or risk not being included in the main block. A sub-block miner mining off another sub-block which they see didn't include that fee would naturally instead fork the sub-block-chain so they don't get their blocks further down the chain thrown out as well.
I understand that there's no time element to it - just the difficulty adjustment which causes an average time to be reached over the two weeks.
So I think what it boils down to is what you emphasized earlier and what I mentioned earlier - right now the protocol calls for main-blocks to collect and verify transactions, whereas I'm calling for it to collect and verify sub-blocks. Then the sub-blocks collect and verify either more granular sub-blocks, or transactions. How far deep it goes can be tuned to make say a 10Gh/s mining rig able to find the smallest type of block once every day given the current network size. Or a 100Gh/s rig. Just enough to make it worth it to join small pools working on the sub-problems or to not pool at all. The transaction fees are handed all the way up the chain of sub-blocks, say hand 50% of the collected fees to the level above you or something to start with - tune that later too.
So either you don't understand what I'm saying about it, or I don't understand what you're saying about it. But I'm enjoying this discussion. Keep it coming.
@_date: 2014-01-06 09:24:54
Want a bit more entropy?
Check out this little program I wrote here:
It's not very well documented (working on that), but the gist is you can put in a phrase like:
sha256sum(&lt;first dollar bill in your wallet&gt;) + sha256sum(&lt;some password salt you remember&gt;)
and generate a pretty good brain wallet passphrase. You can also combine it with other sums (md5sum, shasum, etc...), or do something like this:
sha256sum(&lt;first dollar bill serial  + md5sum(&lt;2nd serial 
where it does the md5sum of the second serial, concatenates it to the first serial, does the sha256sum of that, then starting at the 1st character takes 53 characters jumping by 3 every time then strips out whitespace and hyphens. This is boosting your password entropy hugely.
There are a lot more possibilities with it too, not just limited to brainwallets.
Needs qt to compile, and I don't have good build instructions up yet, but the binary should run on linux with Qt installed. Sorry windows users, no plan to support, though I could put a bounty on someone porting it (paid in BTC, of course).
Anyway, it's functional, just not very well documented, check it out. Clicking the help button shows how to use it.
Note, this does NOT make you impervious to brainwallet attacks. If all you do is the sha256sum of your brainwallet phrase, you're just as vulnerable to attack. Your combination (that you come up with) of the sums, the commands you run (you can run any command supported by your shell), the placement of those commands, and how you process the output is what makes it more secure and adds entropy. Here, you're trading off remembering random sequences of characters for remember a random sequence of actions - arguably much easier. But to a computer, it still looks like a random sequence of characters and letters it has to guess - much in line with that one XKCD comic - easy passphrases to remember, hard to guess.
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:45:04
I guess we're just going to have to disagree on that. Bitcoin as a protocol and an idea is separate from any exchange. If you want to get on an exchange, then you need to know the risks when dealing with exchanges. Whether you are investing fiat or Bitcoin. As I said above, the normal reaction when someone loses money in a fiat based stock market is "Well, what did you expect?" Why would our reaction for the Bitcoin market, which is much more volatile and much less established, be any different?
@_date: 2014-01-12 09:11:53
Why even involve cash at all?
What about a Bitcoin "account" can be frozen? Just have an address that people walk in and pay, you can do it on your laptop, and sell the Bitcoin back on the open market (if you need cash out of it). That's a full cycle economy.
The ATM and Coinbase/Coinkite accounts are unnecessary steps which create an imagined barrier to entry - right now the barrier to entry is just having a computing platform of sorts which can run a Bitcoin app. It'll be tough for businesses to sell at first on the open market (because they're not used to it, but it's honestly not that hard), but this pot business could be poised to really spread Bitcoin to a large number of people, which may encourage other sectors to use it.
And as people start shedding dollars in favor of Bitcoin (because hell, it's much more convenient), will the feds retaliate? Sure, but what can they do? Delete the blockchain? 
Ha. What I'm most worried about is that people will panic when the feds do ban Bitcoin (or place restrictions on it), because they won't realize that the feds can't do shit about it.
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:50:34
Did you miss the part about Gox being driven into the ground in the last 9 months?
Sure, you've got a different scheme - but you're still going to trust your money in that system which has proven to be untrustworthy and very fallible.
It's like continuing to drive a car that the transmission won't shift on. It's do-able, but what else could be wrong with the engine?
But seems to have a good idea. They probably have no way to detect whether your coins came from Gox or not. Funny that they allow you to trade real coins for Gox coins though, how would they be able to distinguish the two? They probably just take your word for it.
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:43:00
The first point I don't think is an issue - people can choose to wait either the 10 minutes or the 1 minute based on the volume of Bitcoin they are moving. If they wait 1 minute, they know that they are risking someone forking the 10-minute blockchain. But by being included in a 1-minute block they already have the extra security of a 1-minute block on top of the previous 10-minute block (not much, but some), so if someone forked the previous 10-minute block, the original would win because it already has a 1-minute block built on top of it. Really it boils down to how secure a person wants their transaction to be.
The second point - well that certainly makes it much more difficult to implement. It could be made that you had to choose whether to work on 10, 1, or .1 minute block ahead of time by using a different hashing algo for each or something. Then make the payout for 10-minute blocks larger percentage wise, keeping the big-dogs there, allowing people to mine the 1 and .1 minute blocks in peace. Then you would see some interesting fluctuations between each level as they become more crowded/less profitable.
As for the last point: Each time a 10 minute block is found, the reward is awarded. The network looks at all the non-10-minute block from the last 10-minute block and pools them with the current 10-minute block then distributes the same reward (block reward + fees) based on difficulty of each block. Having these smaller hashes on the chain would ensure a public record of everyone's computing power.
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:03:00
I'm not super familiar with the Debian PPA process, more of an Arch user, but they should have built in checks to make sure that at the very least you are running the binaries that were packaged by the person making that PPA available.
As far as actually making sure that package isn't tampered with? That becomes tougher - you could build from source and just use that? You can also go through the build verification process: [Gitian build verification](
But if you really get down to it, you just *can't* know. [Check out this article written in the 80s!]( There's no way to actually know what your computer is running directly without building the hardware yourself and building your own assembler etc... Even then you have quantum uncertainty.
So you have to ask yourself how secure you need to be. For 20$? 200$? 2000$? Even up to 20000$ you probably would trust your online portal to your bank off your normal laptop running Firefox out of the Debian repos. You have to ask yourself how much you trust the Debian repos, the PPA author, everyone/everything involved in the process.
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:46:07
You only pay out rewards every 10-minute block. The rewards are calculated on the work on non-10-minute blocks built on the last 10-minute block as well as the current block, distributed according to the summed difficulty.
Network traffic and size of blockchain are the main issues I see. Though there are several altcoins that seem to do fine with a much faster block-generation than Bitcoin has (admittedly smaller volumes though). Pruning may have to be implemented.
Forcing people to de-pool is another issue - this at least removes some incentive to pool.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:45:51
Bitcoin makes an exchange of "verified now but possibly invalid" for "verified in about 10 minutes but agreed to be valid at that point". Same trade-off with the sub-blocks, yes?
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:52:01
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:47:01
How do you verify that a protein folded correctly? That the calculation was carried out faithfully?
SHA256 is hard to calculate the first time, but dirt-cheap to verify. That's what makes it so good for a decentralized verification process. Anything that is as hard to verify as it is to calculate would lead to centralization and wasted compute power.
Perhaps things like SNARKS will change that.
@_date: 2013-11-10 13:41:36
In the limit where (amount of BTC Fed holds) &gt;&gt; (amount of BTC everyone else holds), they might as well be the creator of it. Since it's an open market, they could buy up as much as they want with fiat money (which means they don't care the price they have to buy at).
Of course, there are plenty of people who have lots of BTC who would see what was happening and refuse to sell. Luckily most BTC users seem to have an idea about the evils inherent/trickery involved in central banking and Fed-controlled currency.
Also, one thing I think is really good about BTC is the inability of the Fed or Banks to short the hell out of it (at least I can't think of how they can do that - perhaps someone will think of a scheme). And high-frequency-trading also seems like it is severely limited, so it's more difficult for the Feds to dump a lot of power on the market in short term. (I always thought of the Fed controlling the market with the physical concept of power/energy - two ways to dump a lot of energy into something physically are through huge volume and high-frequency).
Anyway, I'm mainly just rambling out thoughts about BTC. I think it's great, and I'm really excited about it's possibilities of being a "game-changer". But I think the Feds will have a response for it, and I think that response will *not* be something that BTC users like.
@_date: 2013-12-13 13:58:04
"To take the Internet comparison further, just as the Internet allows for the free flow of information, Bitcoin allows for the free flow of money in ways impossible before its invention."
He still doesn't understand the true value of the protocol, if he did, he would have said:
"To take the Internet comparison further, just as the Internet allows for the free flow of information, Bitcoin allows for the free flow of OWNERSHIP in ways impossible before its invention."
The fact that we created this abstract thing called a "BitCoin" and called it "money" is merely the first thing people have thought to do with it because it's how we're used to thinking about transferring value. And I think most people will only use it as money, but even some of the possibilities that we've seen thus far are cool - think about what people will come up with in the future? What if we came up with a patents blockchain? Completely eliminate the patent system by allowing people to come up with an idea, make a pdf, hash the pdf and post that on the blockchain - all immediately without the patent process. Then, only when you have a dispute do you actually have to call up the papers - which they can produce and must hash to the same value. You could even allow as many bogus submissions as people want to make, and only mediate disputes.
"Combine Bitcoins presumed potential for transforming the stodgy universe of finance with its ability to make early investors wealthier than God, and one can fully understand the indignant enthusiasm the Bitcoin Believers have for their dear digital currency." 
I love the idea of getting rid of lots of financial institutions - but still, it's shortsighted to think that thats the only arena we can improve and automate with this protocol.
Edited for readability. Sorry, not very good at posting.
@_date: 2013-11-10 13:32:27
I think this is along the lines I was going for. Their control over it seems like it would be less than over the dollar, but still existent.
Sure, it's not a fiat currency created by a central authority, but if that central authority holds 98% of the BTC, it might as well be. Looking at the limit where that organization holds a ton of BTC and the rest of the world "just moved the decimals over", looks exactly like our current system with the dollar, and they might as well be the creator of it.
It's not as sustainable, but when you have the force of law behind you, and you have the ability to conjure as much money as you need out of thin air (money that people *are required by law* to accept), you can wreak a lot of havoc on other currencies.
@_date: 2013-11-10 13:27:51
Yeah, but I was more worried about the volatility and uncertainty it would introduce. Sure, they can't create BTC out of thin air, but if they slowly buy up half the supply, then "inform" companies and large corporations that periodically they will dump every BTC they own on the open market at extraordinarily low prices, it would make it extremely unattractive as a currency. BTC may be designed to be decentralized, but that doesn't mean an organization with infinite money supply can't affect it.