@_author: excited_by_captchas
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:07:01
I finally registered with reddit just to upvote and comment on this (longtime lurker).
As someone who lives in a *developed* country where bandwidth is much more constrained than in the US (only capped ADSL, mobile and satellite connections are available in most parts of the *cities* and fibre is still rare), I think bandwidth controls are the elephant in the room.
Years ago said (here:  that if you were bandwidth constrained you should run bitcoind in non-listening mode until better options for managing bandwidth were available. So that's what I've been doing with the node I run from home. I run a 'full' (listening) node on a server too, but don't think that everyone solely running nodes on VPSs is particularly good for decentralisation, so I run a node at home too.
The bitcoin community on reddit seems to discourage people from running non-listening nodes, but these nodes still store and independently verify another copy of the blockchain. They also still forward new transactions and blocks to other peers and are fairly bandwidth neutral (in terms of their effect on the Bitcoin network) once they're synched. They still help to decentralise bitcoin overall.
There doesn't seem to be a lot of data about how many non-listening nodes there are, but it's likely that there are more of them than there are listening nodes. Recent improvements in bitcoind (e.g. headers first, pruning) have been very positive and I suspect we'll see the number of of 'full' nodes increase again once bandwidth controls available.
People living in the US and Europe sometimes don't seem to realise how bandwidth constrained other parts of the world still are. It's understandable that this happens considering where most English speakers are distributed around the world. However, for many (obviously not all) people in other parts of the world, hardware is affordable, but bandwidth is scarce.
If you really want more full nodes and decentralisation across all parts of the world, bandwidth controls is still one of the biggest issues to address.
EDIT: typo
@_date: 2015-05-06 06:23:23
Thanks for the info regarding estimating the number non-listening nodes and sorry to hear about the DSL. And since I'm commenting, thanks so much for everything you do for the bitcoin community. I've been reading your comments on various bitcoin things for years and have learned a lot from you.
Just wanted to say this because for every troll there are more lurkers who greatly appreciate what you do and know that you're making many people's lives better, but don't feel the need to say much most of the time. I know this from personal experience on other projects. Remember this next time it gets frustrating :)
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:26:57
Basically, as Mike Hearn explains well in the link above, bandwidth controls are what's needed if you want to see more full nodes.
In other words, instead of looking for new incentives for people to run nodes (mining is/was the best solution available for doing that reliably), why not start by just making it less painful for bandwidth constrained users (ie most people in the world) and see how we go from there?
Also, reddit let me solve a captcha while submitting this! Awesome :)