@_author: exibus
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:21:14
The alternatives you listed are not quite orthogonal and also are not covering all the possibilities (see, for example  )
 


In my opinion the main problem with central banking system is in the endless expansion of money supply and as as consequence the power given to the financial elites who are in control of money supply. This is the difference: after coins are distributed the developers are no longer in the position of (financial and hence political) power because of limited money supply while in classical (or should I say neo-classical?)  system emission centre still holds the power.


The advantage early adopters enjoy is great and blurs difference between 2 and 3 options, actually. You can have a few large and possibly independent pools of coins with second approach too, it will depend on the organization structure. 


In my opinion inflation/deflation has nothing to do with the question in hand. The question is the system designed in a way people feel uncomfortable.  
There is another rather unrealistic in my opinion alternative: allow anyone to become an emission centre for his own coins.  The problems with this approach are numerous but who knows maybe we just need to think about it and try to breach the surface of conventional ideas.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:49:43


From facts. Glue them up with logic, you know the routine.


And why they would need bitcoins? I'd give you a hit -- there are billions of billions of insects on this planet. So what?


The price of bitcoins is defined by the supply and demand.


It would be easy to disprove it then. 


Only the time will tell. 


Then you should define what kind of success bitcoin is. I only see it made some part of early adopters rich and made some other loosers loose a few bucks. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:31:31
While I agree with you that article is lacking substance... I think you are missing some points


This cannot go on for too long. Everything is finite (even amount of US dollars) and exponential grow of price will hit its floor sooner than later. 


Fluctuation for example or see point above. Then panic. This happens with real exchanges already why bitcoins would be any different?


You cannot be sure because it will depend on too many factors: scale of attack, type of security problems, media hype, etc.


It is not about investment it is about power (to control money supply and hence the whole economic). This is going to be very brutal because if bitcoin is what it apologets are saying it is then it will threaten the very existence of modern financial elites. 


Just an all around stupid statement
How many of bitcoins never entered the market actually? 


It is only a been a few months since bitcoin became somehow visible by tech savvy part of general public  (and only a couple of years of existence). In my opinion it is too early to call it success of anykind except of one: it is success for those who cashed out but it is true for any pyramid scheme.
Don't let bitcoins you own (a large amount I assume) cloud you judgement, pal.
