@_author: existentialalignment
@_date: 2017-12-23 07:45:49
I see what you are saying. 
There is a difference though between having a maximum and not having a maximum. It doesn't actually matter that these coins "fall out of circulation"--with regard to what I'm talking about--because the cap actually allows you to pin it to 21m regardless. So, there would be "21m minus some unknown increasing lost quantity", sure; but, the cap allows you to pin any amount of currency--spent routinely, lost, idle, etc--to that 21m cap. So pinning it all to 21m is the same as pinning it whatever that 21m-x quantity would be--percentage-wise. The cap actually allows you to do this. If the cap wasn't there, it wouldn't be possible. 
This is actually further substantiated by the ledger--and the progress of the ledger from inception to post cap.
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:48:39
I think you're thinking about the price of BTC relative to purchasing the currency...correct me if I'm wrong.
I'm talking about an economy built around bitcoin itself. One of the biggest issues, as described in the op, is that, right now--pre-21m mind you--a lot of firms are extremely cautious to adopt bitcoin as a point of sale--one of the bigger reasons being volatility in the market. 
So, let's say we're past 21m...you can actually do this pre-21m as well but it might look a little different. Anyways, in a btc economy, I want to sell a computer right? How much btc do I sell that computer for? 0.03btc? Not really, because that's the price of btc relative to fiat--specifically usd and as of the time of this post. 
What I'm looking at is pricing that computer, that good or service, relative to ledger and the currency itself. As it stands now, in fiat, pricing a good or service is competitive and done in numerous ways--actually, as of today they probably have a very good idea of not just how much to sell something for but how to market it to you--but the price typically is inclusive of the whatever the cost is (which is sunk at that point--if you're using a hypothetical looking back) plus whatever profit you intend, or intended, to make--which is typically argued to be as much as you can get away with. 
But if lots of firms are using btc, and lots of users are using btc, after this 21m cap, pricing itself--the act of any individual firm figuring out what to price something at--is still an issue or a topic for a firm to discuss. The biggest difference that I see, and the main reason for why I started thinking about this in the first place, is that unlike the current fiat system, every single person in the network has access to the entire list of transactions and there will never be more than 21m btc in circulation. In usd, nobody has any clue how much other people are spending--save for whatever the fed or research groups provide us with on a basis that is, typically, monthly; and, furthermore, that number has a very vague context because money keeps getting created under fiat and is not always accounted for very accurately.
With btc, we have both the ledger and the cap, so, this opens the door not only to learning from every transaction on the ledger, anonymously, but also learning about that data from the perspective of a 21m cap--which, again, is unheard of in fiat. 
So, you're right, every price is a function of supply and demand. One of the issues I saw though is that if, for whatever reason, a very small percentage of the btc population holds a great deal of the currency, the demand for btc itself, internally, goes way down. This then translates to outside assets through exchanges. In other words, if people can't spend their bitcoin, in this example, the actual demand for the currency itself goes down--largely as a result of the internal dynamics and not the external. This is just one issue or topic that I found interesting and is not that far-fetched if you look at the early-adopters compared to users who join later because of the significant technological advancement or whatever their specific case might be.
Regardless, the cap is the significant difference--and its' a big difference. It is, largely, what would permit you to have this type of internally oriented or self-backed currency. Not to mention the built-in financial security associated with forks, and other external assets that will still be around and kickin'.
My point though, is that goods and services still have to be bought or sold--especially if btc is to gain any significant traction with firms who provide these goods and services. If they make the switch, why would they not look at the ledger, in its entirety, analyze it, and figure out the best price point amongst an intrinsically dynamic system of worth. The more people that use btc as a primary currency, the more people will be subject to that 21m cap, the more people will be operating in this "self-contained" system. It would follow that pricing models themselves would adjust from a fiat currency with no cap and no public, autonomous ledger to a model that accommodated the 21m cap and the ledger. But, even more than that, my argument is that this gives firms, users, and the whole ecosystem a huge boost in efficiency and transparency.
Does that make more sense? 
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:52:51
If there are only 21m to be made, ever, then it would be "closed" or "finite". 
Fiat is not like this because you can just keep making more--the is no maximum to the amount of money you can possess and, consequently, to the percentage of the total money supply. If you were able to freeze time at any given point and look at the money in circulation, it would look like a zero-sum game (which a lot of economists hate lol); but, given that you are unable to do that and money is always being created (and I guess...destroyed?), fiat is not like this. 
You could kill the satoshi as the lowest denomination limit but you still have the max and pricing off of the ledger would just become more variable and dynamic in the sense that it would grow to accommodate these lower denominations that would be used.
In response to the forked coins, absolutely. But these coins would more than likely be listed on exchanges relative to bitcoin. If they surpassed bitcoin, it wouldn't be that big of a deal because the core principle behind what pricing off of the ledger looks like would probably remain the same for forked coins--excluding any kind of modifications made to inhibit this, specifically.
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:53:07
I apologize for not knowing what exactly you mean by "lost". I'm not 100% familiar with all the nuances of bitcoin and crypto but if you direct me somewhere, I'd be happy to read up on it :).
You're right that in the end, a btc is worth only what somebody is willing to pay for it--demand for the currency. In this vein, if there is a significant amount of inequality in the btc ecosystem--ie: the 10% that own 90% to 90% than own 10% issue--that has a significant impact on those 90% because their demand for the currency falls tremendously--and then you have all the consequences of that. But, furthermore, what I'm saying is that this is a situation that is actually solvable by taking a look at and analyzing ledger data. It's something that would make the internal dynamics of bitcoin much more robust and efficient. 
I'm not sure if that answers that part well enough...
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:46:18
Right, but once BTC hits 21, whatever amount you have will only ever be a percentage of the whole.
Why would you need to peg it to something external if you could peg it internally? Seems to me the exchange between btc and other assets would be taken care of automatically just like any other exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:42:50
So, for the first part, the easiest way to explain it is with through the earlier adopter point of view. If a bunch of people just buy a lot of btc, as has happened, and then we flip to the other side of the 21btc, the early adopters have a lot more, I don't like to use this term but, purchasing power--especially relative to the other members of the btc community who join later. 
That's the best way I can think of for describing how you would get to that situation that I mentioned without actually looking at why a cap is, in fact, a big deal. 
The major difference between a non-capped and a capped currency is that in a non-capped currency, it's kind of just a rat race to acquire more and more money--typically because the currency itself is set up as being demand-facing. This is actually, really easy to see through the lens of capital investment. A lot of capital investment comes from either the issuance of shares or loans coming from banks who have investment interests of this type, as you know, in exchange for a later return on profit. But from the perspective of the firm, they want x amount of money that they do not posses, because they think that getting x amount of money will actually produce y amount of money which will be some degree more than x. 
There is no real cap to the money you're dealing with because, again, you can always just create more money. There are consequences to doing so but the point remains that because you can always make more, there is no cap, and the actual quantity of money you possess is worth the grand-sum total of all of the potential purchases you could make with that amount "at that time." I say, at that time, because as money is always being created, at a minimum, that basket is on a clock.
The difference, as I see it with btc and any capped currency, is that the quantity of money you have actually has a base-value relative to other people in the system and that value is the percentage of the limited supply that you own. This does not really exist, the same way, in usd for example, precisely because there is no cap. As I mentioned in another post, this is what the value of your btc is: a % of the total supply, and then the grand-sum total of all the potential purchases you could make with that amount. It is, at face-value, the literal definition of a zero-sum game precisely because the currency has that fixed cap. When I go up 2% of the total supply, somebody else is going down 2% in terms of the currency itself. 
So, to reply to your example. There are a couple answers...If somebody figured out that they should sell a pc at 0.0001 bitcoin based on chain analysis, then that price is a price that they are responsible for by the very fact that is was their analysis. So, somebody else sells for 0.00008 bitcoin--you didn't posit a reason for this but I can try to fill in--presumably because that's the price point that they arrived at the very same way that the 0.0001 bitcoin sellers did. They may have used a different model or algorithm to get to that point and, if it benefits both the consumer and the firm, then hurray for them, hurray for btc, and hurray for us--that's my point :). 
You say it's just supply and demand and competition that pushes the price to the marginal cost but I think you're overlooking how inefficient it is in fiat compared to what pricing off of the ledger with bitcoin could do. For one thing, in fiat, firms do not have access to all the transactions that are made with usd--how delightful that information would be for firms, no? For another, demand for a product, as elusive as that is to gauge for firms today, is partially taken care of under a capped currency with a public ledger--because you have a better idea of both how much money is changing hands on a regular basis (information critical to spending or consumption as you might call it) as well as what percentage of the population has how much currency (this gets into multiple accounts, and miner fees--which I mentioned in another post but have not delved into yet) which, btw, is also a literal percentage of the total supply of the currency. Nobody wants to have zero btc when there is only 21m available. Suddenly their quantity means more than just the grand-sum total of what they could purchase--again, internally. 
There is, in fact, something special about gold: For one, it's technically finite but not really. If you wanted to get more gold, you would just mine more gold. No more on Earth? Great, let's look elsewhere. Or, you could say that the gold reserves are only this much and there going to stay this much--by law or force--and we're right back to a capped system with a limited amount. For two, it has intrinsic value in the production of goods. Gold is found in tons and tons of products. 
Look at it this way...if I steal 50% of the current usd in circulation and I steal 50% of the btc in circulation, post 21m cap--is there a difference? Yes.
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:02:09
Yes, the percent changes. The percent will always change as it's in relation to all other accounts or users, etc. 
Key loss, I'm assuming, is not outside the scope of what pricing off of the ledger would look like. Account activity comes to mind, leading to "idle" states, etc. 
I'm not sure if when you say "On a long enough horizon bitcoins will either cease to be used...", you mean that bitcoin itself will be obsolete and retired for something better or if you just mean that bitcoins, in general, will cease to be used as a strict result of key loss--which you mentioned later.
If you mean that bitcoins will cease to be used because the currency will be retired, then pricing this way still holds as potentially highly efficient up until that point; and, furthermore, if bitcoin is retired due to adoption of another coin, then, as I said in another post, this pricing mechanism would still hold as long as the coding associated with the ledger permitted this.
If you mean that they'll be lost due to key loss, then we just return to the "idle" mechanism. I haven't thought every angle out in its entirety but key loss would not really have that big of an impact on what this is as all key loss really means, to my understanding, is that those coins can't be spent. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:43:44
That's my point exactly though. That's why you wouldn't do it based solely off of %supply. There would doubtless be other factors involved but %supply is, imo, a variable worth looking into.
@_date: 2017-11-06 00:58:37
Ty btw :)
@_date: 2017-11-06 00:58:25
Ok, awesome. And this is the policy across exchanges and wallet providers? Or does this come from the core?
Ty btw :).
@_date: 2017-11-06 01:04:43
Lol. See this is what I was talking about xD.
I'll look into it though. Thank you :).
@_date: 2017-11-06 01:04:00
Ok, awesome. Ty :). I knew about the coinbase policy but haven't delved into the wallets above yet. 
Thanks again :).
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:12:35
This is not how google works...
@_date: 2017-10-14 02:33:49
Why would you ever click on any ad suggested by google?