@_author: exodus_konnor
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:08:25
Konnor from Exodus the wallet support team here. [Proof]( Perhaps I can provide some insight to the apparently illogical reasoning behind why Exodus and other wallets set high fees. I can only speak for Exodus here but perhaps the same applies to others. 
Wallet providers always have to make conservative decisions when it comes to fees. Allowing low fees can mean that if a sudden surge of activity or perhaps a difficulty adjustment occurs, there could be hundreds or thousands of our users whose transactions or Shapeshift exchanges get stuck with low fees. This has *already happened to us* twice, in November and December during the bull run. The fallout was harsh and we were disappointed in ourselves for letting it happen. 
This means our support team is bombarded with *"My transactions always take 10 minutes, why is this one still not arriving???"* It means we lose trust, and with it, valuable customers. Remember that the vast majority of the new blood in crypto flock to easy-to-use wallets for a reason - because they don't understand how transactions technically work, including how long they can take, how fees work, or how they affect block confirmation times and the mempool. We try to make it dead-easy for this demographic. 
This isn't to say I personally agree with this choice. If I didn't have to deal with the fallout, I'd be the one saying *"It's sink or swim, best let the newbs learn the fast and hard way."* But when you're managing a wallet service that's answerable to its users, concessions *have* to be made for redundancy. If our goal is for our wallet to *Just Work,* ALL the time, then *Just Working* for MOST of the time doesn't cut it. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:22:50
We hope to be able to go open source at some point in the future, but for the moment there are IP parts of our wallet that must remain closed source. I'd go into detail, but we've got an article that explains in much better detail than I can here:
Btw- a lot of the back end of our wallet *is* open source, available on 
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:57:44
Hi there, Konnor from the Exodus community support team here. (verified on keybase.io/kklashinsky)
While I can't personally address every single comment here and that OP has referred to, I can elaborate on the most common reasons why Exodus users experience 'lost' funds. I will remain objective here, and I'm not trying to be confrontational or deny that some users have lost real funds. Hopefully this will provide some insight to those reading.
Common situations in which funds are *actually* lost:
1. Phishing scams
- Namely, the MyBTGWallet scam from earlier this month: 
- Airdrop scams asking for private keys so you can “claim your OMG/EOS/whatever”
- People posing as official Exodus staff asking users for 12 word phrases on Slack (we ban them on sight of course)
2. Hacks
	- Exodus is a software wallet, meaning it is only as secure as the computer it is hosted on. The wallet data files are encrypted with AES-256-GCM, which makes it extremely difficult to brute force. Of course this means nothing if you export your private keys, even *once*. I can write a 5 line shell script that sits in the background and waits until someone exports their private keys, and then copies and sends them somewhere. All it would need is some non-root shell access. We included the option to export private keys for advanced users to maintain full control of their coins, but as always, security and convenience are never easy to balance.
	- Clipboard hijackers - I’ve seen this at least 3-4 times now in the last 2 months. There is a windows virus that will wait until you copy a Bitcoin address to your clipboard, and upon recognizing a BTC address, it replaces the address you copied with the attackers own address, fooling you into sending your coins to them. 
	- Remote desktop hacking - if you keep exodus open on your computer, and someone else can access your computer remotely, bam, your funds are gone. 
	- Email hacking - if you use the same password for your email and your wallet, the email backup password can be guessed and your wallet compromised. If you use a strong, unique password, the email backup is near impossible to brute force. (due to scrypt stretching)
3. Unrecoverable wallets
	- If you lose your 12 word phrase *and* forget your password, no one can ever recover your funds. It’s not incompetence or bad design, it’s just math. Cryptography is made to be secure, which means there’s no ‘forgot password’ button. 
	- If you lose your computer and don’t have backup methods, your wallet is gone. I once spoke with a customer who had the incredibly awful experience of having his backpack with his laptop in it stolen. It just so happened that he kept his 12 word phrase in a journal in the same bag that was stolen. He didn’t have his email backup since he deleted it thinking that would be more secure…
Common situations in which funds were not lost:
1. Incorrect balance issues - by far the most common.
	- Exodus is only an interface for transacting on the blockchain. If Exodus and the blockchain ever disagree, the blockchain is always right. This means that sometimes, Exodus can show an incorrect balance. This is why we have the ‘refresh’ button, so the wallet can be told “go get the most up to date info for my wallet”. 
Before November we used a 3rd party provider called Bitpay Insight, which Exodus wallets contacted and used to fetch data about Bitcoin transactions and wallet address info. We’re not sure why, but a few weeks ago Bitpay Insight started to act extremely erratic - Causing fake balances to appear, false transactions, and invalid transaction data. 
We fixed this by making our own insight servers and ridding ourselves of our dependency on Bitpay. Wallets before version 1.39.x will still incur false balance issues, because they still depend on Bitpay insight. If you or anyone else is experiencing such issues, updating and refreshing your wallet fixes this 99.9% of the time. 
This frequently resulted in many people thinking they had lost money that they’d never had in the first place. They would update Exodus, refresh, and suddenly their balance would be corrected to the real, lower, blockchain-accurate balance. If you looked on the blockchain, you'd see the funds that Exodus showed them were never there. A UI bug, as other comments here have noted. Newer versions are much better with this, and shouldn’t display incorrect balances. 
2. Shapeshift Exchanges
	- Sometimes, things will go wrong on Shapeshift’s end when performing an exchange. This happens, it’s just a fact of life - 100% success rates, while they are the goal, are statistically impossible to achieve. If you don’t receive funds back from an exchange, you should contact us at our official support email address support so we can resolve it and make sure your funds are returned by Shapeshift. Shapeshift *will always return funds from an exchange*. I have never seen a single case where they have refused for any reason, with the exception of refunding an exchange to an unassociated address, for obvious reasons. 
3. Transaction fees
	- Especially with Bitcoin. If you ever find yourself wondering ‘where did my $5-10 of Bitcoin go?’ after making an exchange or a transaction, the answer is usually: Mining fees.
	- Sometimes, receivers of mining payments who regularly receive lots of 0.001 BTC transactions will send their BTC out and not realize they just paid an insane fee due to the data size of their transaction. All those UTXO’s take a lot of space on the blockchain.
**TL;DR: The situation is always more complicated than any individual can believe it to be. That applies both to us, in the support team, and to you, dear crypto hodler.**
@_date: 2017-10-30 00:49:10
Canadian salaried in Bitcoin, here. Keep in mind I don't do the nitty details of the taxes myself, because I have the complicated situation of being a dual US/CA citizen. Take this with a grain of salt, because I'm still new to this. 
As I am aware, I only have to pay two taxes:
1. Income tax
2. Capital gains
The amount of income you are taxed on is dependent on the value of your Bitcoin salary *at the time you receive it.* So if I earned 3 Bitcoins in january 2017, I would only have to pay income tax for around $1000 CAD or whatever 1 BTC was worth in january. 
If I sold this 1 BTC today, I would have to pay capital gains on the *increase in value* starting from the day I received the coins, which would be around $5,000 of taxable gains
Basically, they treat it as if you received a fiat salary, and then instantly bought into Bitcoin with all of it. 
You have to pay income tax every year, always, for the income you made (denominated in CAD). But you only have to pay capital gains tax when you sell. I keep a text file of all my BTC income payments, dated, with transaction IDs. (It pays to be anal about taxes) I also keep a spreadsheet with all of my exchange transactions whenever going in and out of fiat.
The CRA doesn't care about what happens in crypto-land beyond the curtain, they only care about the instances where you converted a fiat currency into crypto, and vice versa. As long as you record all of that, you can tabulate at the end of the year how much you bought and how much you sold. 
If you sold more than you bought (in CAD), you'll pay capital gains on the amount you sold after deducting how much you bought. 
As always, ask your accountant. Most aren't well educated in crypto, but for now, Bitcoin is basically treated as an asset like in the states, so they don't need to be. 