@_author: exodus33
@_date: 2019-10-06 16:04:22
I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
Are you saying that people shouldn't leave if they're afraid? As much as what you're saying is true, I'm pretty sure that if people are choosing to leave and have the means to, it's an active choice that they're making since they think life abroad would be better.
@_date: 2019-10-06 03:30:42
Yes I'm in Hong Kong.
Ask away, I might not have the answers but I'll try.
@_date: 2019-10-06 19:17:28
I never said that the rich here in HK don't care about the protest. If you read my post carefully, i said the rich in HK don't care about the protests any more than the next guy. 
That means, the rich care, but not any more than any regular person (in reply to the post above me). 
I don't know why you're going off on me.
@_date: 2019-10-06 18:37:18
If you ask me, almost all the 5 demands are unrealistic, and i'll elaborate:
1) Withdrawal of the extradition bill - The bill, currently as far as i know is not "dead" but still in a "paused" state but Carrie has said that the process to exit the bill has started whatever that means. This is not what i'm talking about when i say the demands are unrealistic, i actually agree that this bill was too optimistic from the government's standpoint and was sure to be met with a lot of resistance, which it was.
2) Set up of an independent commission to investigate the abuse of power by police officers. I agree with this  but when raised in conjunction with demand  it is unrealistic. 
3) Release of all protesters that have been arrested. I don't think it really requires much explanation. If you've committed a crime, then you have to do the time. Of course this only applies to people that were actually committing crimes and not people that were falsely arrested. To explain why demand  is unrealistic when mentioned in conjunction with this one, you can't expect a blanket release of people on one hand and advocate for an independent commission to arrest police officers on the other. Either you release everyone, or everyone who commits crimes goes to jail (which is my stance)
 Universal suffrage immediately. This is the most unrealistic of them all. Basic law, basically the bible of the handover from the UK to the PRC never states when universal suffrage should be granted. It instead says, very vaguely, that the ultimate aim is election via universal suffrage and if you ask me, it's probably going to happen in 2046 just for the sake of keeping their promise. However, whenever you see people here talk about universal suffrage and everything that China has done to "rig the system", as much as i hate it and as much as what they are saying is factually true, it's literally written in Basic Law, the whole election process that we currently follow. I'm all for universal suffrage but am also realistic about what the current situation is like here in Hong Kong and what we are dealing with in the PRC&gt;
The media, hasn't really offered any solutions, at least not that i am aware of. The Pro-China side basically condemns the violence and the Pro-Protester side talks about the abuse of power and incompetent government. Both are usually factually correct, but both fail to present a complete picture of every situation that arises.
I'm no expert when it comes to talking about what is keeping Lam in power, but i would imagine it's linked to the central government in China and her time in office until the next election. I would also imagine there is some impeachment process. However, if we're talking about Lam having done anything illegal, or worthy of impeachment, i don't think she has. Has she been a bad chief executive? 100% but i don't think thats grounds f or her to be kicked out of office. If she were to step down, that's a completely different story.
I'm glad you brought up the abuse of power by the police. Honestly speaking, I don't feel this is a systematic issue, but instead an issue at the individual level. Are there cops that are messed up in the head and are doing fucked up things? Yes 100%. Are there cops that are pushing their own agendas of getting extra hits in on defenseless protesters? 100% yes. However, is there a systematic top down order for alll these acts? I doubt it and until there is proof, I can't get behind this stance. For example, in which modern day society will you see protesters get away with hurling bricks and molotovs at police officers? Raming a cart into a glass wall for what seemed like hours on end into a government offices? Thrusting steel barricades into police lines? Occupying streets at will?  
With respect to the triad incident in Yuen Long, i do not believe there were any credible sources that it was triad organized or that it was undercover police officers. I am not sure thought but i believe if there were any credible sources indicating that  it was undercover police officers, we would have heard much more about it here. 
About bitcoin:
I think the biggest flaw is the optics of Bitcoin here in HK and just the culture in general. Bitcoin, in the eyes of your average mom and pop investor is poorly advertised and i don't feel this is an issue that is only prevalent in HK. From what i can see, and i work in banking, there is just little to no advertisement or circulars by the regulators on what crypto is for your average citizen. That means, there is almost no way for anyone who doesn't know what crypto is, who doesn't speak english, to easily obtain that knowledge. 
In terms of culture, stocks are the main for of investments here in HK and i think for this, HK does a very good job compared to the rest of the world in promoting stock trading. Everyone from office workers, to waiters and waitresses to the lady cleaning the washrooms at the wetmarket (No exaggeration). There just isn't a need for anyone to get into crypto when the equities market is so liquid and easily accessible. 
With respect to the on/off ramps, i'll give a shot at it. Hong Kong is pretty liquid in terms of moving money P2P via apps (happy to elaborate) and bank infrastructure as well as has a very modern way of digital payment/wallets (octopus, alipay, wechatpay etc). However, when we're talking about moving money in and out of crypto, as far as i know, the banks don't like dealing with companies involved with crypto as it still doesn't have the same status it does in the states.  This results in high fees, and somewhat shady transactions that you need to perform in order to get in and get out and obviously buying would be much easier than selling. The P2p aspect is fine, as pretty much anyone who has crypto is well versed in the ways to move it. 
Note: Appreciate you giving me the benefit of the doubt. I'm happy to discuss my points, and my view if you'd like.
@_date: 2019-10-07 21:01:36
I don't think crimes ever stop being crimez just because of the circumstance in which they're being committed. I do appreciate the introduction of the western ideology angle which I haven't thought of, even having spend a large amount of time overseas. It's interesting and I can definitely see it being true to some extent
However, I can't agree with the comment about fundament human rights being taken away. I, as much as I am angry at our current government for what they're doing, can't agree that our fundamental human rights are being challenged. There are rules and regulations that govern all cities and counties all around the world and hong Kong is no different. I'd be happy to elaborate more if you want to bring up specific examples.
Hong Kong and life here isn't actually as bad as what you make it out to be based on what I can only assume is your exposure to it.
Yes I did take part in protests early June and even into July during approved, peaceful marches on weekends. From my experience, there are at least 2 main groups of "protesters", the ones who come out during peaceful approved marches (e.g. The 2 million) and the ones who stay for extracurricular activities or intimate them. During the marches, there's no violence at all, people are even comfortable conversing with cops that are along the planned route and people who take part are of all ages with various backgrounds.
I also have first hand experience, I'm sure anyone who lives in HK now does, with the radical side of peotesters. The destruction of public property, the acts of civil disobedience and blocking roads. I don't have experience being on the front line for obvious reasons but from what I have experienced, peaceful is one word I will not use to describe it.
@_date: 2019-10-07 12:34:03
The main thing I believe people looking at the situation at hand beg to distinguish is what's being done in terms of legally and the reasons they're being done.
I completely agree that this was inevitable and from the escalation of violence and crimes since June, that only supports this notion.
However, it's one thing to say we're doing it on the basis of freedom or fighting against the government, it's another to say what we're doing in terms of the actions is right. 
Crimes are crimes no matter how you frame them and that's something that's being lost in all of this.
@_date: 2019-10-05 23:12:50
That's not true at all. Wealthy hong Kongers or one's that have the ability to leave, aren't any more worried about the situation than the next guy.
Ain't nobody who's rational is actually worried about being extradited or actual oppression that will impact their daily lives. Anyone who says otherwise is either not in HK at the moment or someone who's fear mongering.
Bill gates or buffet probably said something like that too, does that mean that life in the USA is doomed?
@_date: 2019-10-05 23:14:10
Crypto in HK is signifantly behind the western world. Sure it's a financial hub but try buying and selling crypto here and you'll see what I'm talking about.
On top of all that, crypto just isn't popular here.