@_author: expathos
@_date: 2016-08-11 18:34:25
Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2016-08-10 21:50:20
We are also using Hyperledger (Blockchain) via IBM at two upcoming hackathons in the Netherlands around Energy and Health.  and  - this will be in combination with IBM's Watson and Bluemix as well as IoT (sensors and lorawan). There will be mentors on hand for both. 
@_date: 2016-08-11 18:33:18
Hackers are welcome to use any technologies and are not beholden to use IBM at  and  - IBM is only there to help if people choose to use their platform (Watson, Hyperledger, Bluemix). These hackathons are not part of the Dublin hackathon - and are not Blockchain-centric - but rather themed (health and energy). These hackathons are both hardware and software enabled as we will have plenty of sensors, Lorawan, and Arduino from Internet of Things Academy in Rotterdam. 
@_date: 2016-08-11 18:37:41
We are also a 'proper' hackathon - in a different country with different sponsors (not just IBM but also ENGIE and Philips). The events are part of the  hackathon league - a series of four hackathons in the Netherlands. And we 'actually' build stuff - both hardware with IoT and software - usually in combination. And hackers can use whatever apis or tech they want at our 'proper' hackathons as well - IBM is just there to help if people want to use Watson, Bluemix and Hyperledger - which quite a few people actually do. -
@_date: 2015-12-14 19:31:39
Throw in a few Venture Capitalists and we got some one horned bubbles maybe - 
2016 Will See the Emergence of Five Blockchain Unicorns ($1 Billion Evaluation) Says Magister Advisors
@_date: 2015-12-24 11:15:48
But critics of private blockchains like Billon say that it’s simply the same old story however… with banks being at the helm, nothing changes and allowing the banks to continue as trust agents is simply not going to work. Private Blockchains to some hardcore Bitcoin enthusiasts are considered not to be true Blockchains but rather, because they don’t utilise Nakamoto’s consensus architecture with miners, are merely distributed ledgers with no game-changing innovation.
@_date: 2015-12-17 22:30:59
 went live in Poland last summer with bankless transations based on Blockchain technology. The Genesis Block sits inside a partner bank, it's backed by fiat currency, and it is compliant with Polish regulators. Each Blockchain record is created when fiat currency is put into the system (via 16000 stores, or bank transfer) and destroyed when turned back into Fiat currency. Billoncash can be converted into cash using a punch-in code at ATMs in Poland (you don't need a card), used to pay goods that accept Billoncash, or loaned/donated to others. Because a permanent record is not kept of all transactions transfer occurs almost on click. Bank 'trust' or issuing clearance happens almost immediately. Up until 2500 euro users can remain pseudoanonymous but after that, they must provide more information to meet regulatory demands. You don't need a bank account to buy money, transfer it, and can move money in two clicks online, unlike Paypal. 
Warwaw is in the top five worldwide for Cryptology with two faculties there. And actually it was three Poles, Marian Rejewski, Jerzy Różycki and Henryk Zygalski, who cracked the original Enigma code - not Alan Turing, as most people think. There you go...
@_date: 2015-12-28 22:25:37
Times... They are a Changin'.
Tunisia will be the first country in the world to issue its national currency via advanced Blockchain technology.
What does this mean? Three million people in Tunisia without bank accounts will be able to participate more fully in the economy. Micropayments will be possible. With their mobile app, the will now be able to make instant mobile money transfers, pay for goods and services online and in person, send remittances, pay bills, manage official government identification documents, and more. 
@_date: 2015-12-14 17:56:37
Funny how some in the Bitcoin space scream that Blockchain is useless unless attached to Bitcoin. Then people in the Bitcoin threads here at Reddit don't make the connection. Many Bitcoin companies are making a shift towards developing Blockchain technology for the very reason this post says. There's crossover and meaning to both Bitcoin and Blockchain communities. 
@_date: 2015-12-08 22:34:28
Three of the Blockchain biggest movers and shakers on Techcrunch Video. Not to be missed.
@_date: 2016-01-16 09:04:48
 what the bitcoin scaling debacle demonstrates beautifully is that social systems find it very difficult to escape the laws of economic scaling, which dictate, amongst other things, that the more scaled up something is the less expensive it is — something which applies as much to the faddy tech platforms behind the “sharing economy” as they do to cryptocurrencies and fintech.
We’d even suggest the inability to scale may just be the the thing that kills most of the unicorns Silicon Valley has set its hopes on.
In bitcoin’s case the scaling challenges were obvious from the outset. For example, the solution to the trusted third party problem was deemed an open-ended system where one single trusted party was replaced by an endless number of counterparties instead. Rather than depending on one trusted authority to do the checking — in a way that creates scaling efficiencies — the system depended on everyone doing the checking themselves.
It does not take a genius to realise that a system which requires multilateral cross-check is going to be much less efficient than one in which a single party can be trusted to do that work on behalf of everyone. This is what the division of labour is all about. And it matters.
Bitcoin consequently never solved the much famed Byzantine General’s corruption problem. All it did was throw more resources at the problem; the equivalent of running messages to receivers yourself rather than relying on messengers. That’s great if you have time to run such messages. Problem is, every bit of economic growth we’ve achieved to date has depended on our ability to trust other people in their respective specialist jobs.
What bitcoiners never understood is that this sort of economic trust extends far beyond the reach of just banking services. Trust is inherent to a functioning scaled up economy. We put trust in strangers and processes every day. From the food we eat, to the products we buy and the planes we fly in. Everywhere you look, you’re trusting another person somehow. In fact, it’s probably an economic impossibility for the system to be trustless. The only exception is if everyone wants to live as Mad Max or combine into a hive brain where there’s no privacy or individuality on offer to anyone.
@_date: 2016-01-16 09:28:39
Thanks Riplin, I wanted to see more clearly what the counter-argument is...
@_date: 2017-01-06 01:05:58
Yes he did. That is an Italian accent. It's just been warped because he's been in the US for 37 years....  half his life - since 1980. 
Born in Palermo, Italy, Micali graduated in mathematics at La Sapienza University of Rome in 1978 - he's Italian and grew up in Sicily. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 20:43:52
That IS an Italian accent. 
Silvio Micali (born October 13, 1954) is an Italian computer scientist at MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and a professor of computer science in MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science since 1983. His research centers on the theory of cryptography and information security.
@_date: 2017-10-19 00:56:36
I just can't make this stuff up. Got this in my email box today. 
"I'm a blockchain entrepreneur... tech connoisseur..."
Hello The-Blockchain,
I created  and was wondering if this freestyle song about blockchain is worthy of sharing? It would be great to your audience if you shared this music with them. Your audience would enjoy this.
Thank You,
xxx xxx
@_date: 2015-11-09 22:42:43
Can you send PR to richard ? Thanks.
@_date: 2016-05-13 14:52:37
Yes, it's alive on Blockchain News and NOT GOING ANYWHERE. One thing great about publishing my own news is I get to choose what I publish, not my advertisers (I don't currently have any) nor my boss (I am my own boss). Blockchain News is a Google News source to boot - so mainstream as one guy can get with a CMS and willingness to republish his peers 'scrubbed' works. I would  guess that a source complained to the reporter then pulled back and asked him to pull it down, rather than pressure from R3. The writer had a choice - lose a good source on the inside or pull it down. Or the publisher came down hard as R3 is an advertiser and requested a takedown. I think the former rather than the latter. 