@_author: expectedvalue123
@_date: 2018-01-20 09:38:07
i will assume you are smart and read through the whitepaper etc. thats good stuff but if an international and large national bodies ban the currency at risk of large fine or jailtime what do you think happens? Possession is shown on the blockchain s you know.  the crypto offered by fed wont be an identical to bitcoin. Why do u think central banks globally have been on such as crash course easy money plan? We have seen over and over what happens when you manipulate money supply and interests rates(bubble). these ppl are experienced at creating artificial crisis then proposing a solution; a play they stole from german philosopher hegel. 
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:18:04
why should i sound less crazy? I think that would be a stretch given the capacity of deductive and inductive logic. Whats interesting is that i stated that it was a matter of probability not that this is a fact or even that i believed it to be so. Given that you should work on yourself and not projecting as much. And i dont know of what real life experience you have when it comes to business/politics/ areas where $$ so plz share if you have some knowledge. I have worked on + $15 billion M&amp;A deals advising shareholders on deal and golden parachutes and seen what kind of wild "conspiracy" things are done for large sums of money. If you never been exposed to that level of the game then i can see how it would be farfetched to think our government could be involved in anything clandestine. The fact remains is that cia/nsa operations have been proven through court record and dif sources in the past-which is why i remain slightly paranoid.
@_date: 2018-01-20 09:24:54
i have much research on this. i believe it was a trojan horse. The punks were the best group of overzelots to champion the coin. One guy just came along and made it happen. Look at what the NSA created on internet money in 1996.  But honestly, as i say it doesnt matter if it was some grand consipracy from the beginning or if central bank powers perform a hostile takeover - the result is the same. And central banks have to much inventive.
@_date: 2018-01-20 15:13:43
ok so my goal for this reply is to increase ur level of critical thinking. So look at each of ur replies and this last one. i told u i knew this history... this narrative. You are simply regurgitating a story you can watch in a youtube video. doing that does you no good. It just waste your time and mine. with that out of the way ill start my point with one premise phrased as a question - Do you believe the NSA, the agency that has prism and is top code breaking, double spy maneuvering, entity in the world - wasnt monitoring that email list? IF you think its probable that they were monitoring, then following that do you think the NSA is capable of putting a team on the issue then posed as a true cypher anonymously to control the outcome of the first cryptocurrency? Do you see where the logic is here?Are you that naive to think the NSA would not have a team monitoring a use case involving cryptography and currency? In JUne 1996 NSA wrote a report on cryptography of anonymous electronic cash. You think they are gonna let the cypherpunks casually email, then form a small team, and create and launch bitcoin, and then let it thrive and not put it down when they had years to do it? THINK through things for yourself. now, im perfectly aware i could be wrong its a matter of probability. but i dont see this particular use-case not being intervened in that length of time as NSA showed prior propensity from 1996 report AND creator is some pseudonym that resembles a cryptographer working on digital cash.
@_date: 2018-01-20 10:43:26
you are not telling me anything that is not clearly visible from 10min glossary high level glance.. If you read the emails he didnt even know about nicks. granted for awhile i thought he was the creator.
"I go back to Szabo’s pal, Wei Dai. "Wei", I say, "the other night you said you were sure Nick Szabo wasn’t Satoshi. What made you sure?" "Two reasons", he replies. "One: in Satoshi’s early emails to me he was apparently unaware of Nick Szabo’s ideas and talks about how bitcoin "expands on your ideas into a complete working system" and "it achieves nearly all the goals you set out to solve in your b-money paper". I can’t see why, if Nick was Satoshi, he would say things like that to me in private. And, two: Nick isn’t known for being a C++ programmer."
Perversely, a point in Szabo’s favour. But Wei forwards me the relevant emails, and it’s true: Satoshi had been ignorant of Szabo’s bit-gold plan until Wei mentioned it."
 u are not listening tho my friend i am telling you it is irrelevant to the outcome.…