@_author: extraincrease
@_date: 2019-07-30 10:29:30
This is not technically true. For all we know, the market may actually be operating at more than 21m Bitcoin currently. Custodial wallets can freely create more Bitcoin than they have on record for deposits. Providing otherwise is a little difficult, but usually isn't done.
Additionally, I don't think Bitcoin is going to completely supplant banks. Sure, those who fail to adapt will have issues, but banks are in the business of making money, and they'll find a way to operate within the Bitcoin system. Not because they're needed, but because there's a demand for them. Many (if not most) people don't want the individual responsibility of being their own bank, and will gladly trust custodial services. There will also be people who want loans. When you put 2 and 2 together, you've got the fractional reserve lending issue all over again. The only difference is in how the banks fail. In the Bitcoin scenario, it's a hard fail. People lose money. People lose their livelihood. Banks go out of business. It's going to take a couple crash &amp; burns for people to realize that banks aren't as safe as they once were.
Edit: it is technically true, but the market won't be capped at 21m coins. It'll be a virtually inflated market, but the technology (as it stands) won't ever allow more than 21m BTC to ever be created.
@_date: 2019-07-07 22:29:04
There's really no need for character attacks here. It's not productive in the slightest. Instead of just saying "you're retarded" (even if they are - but I'm not calling cedricthe one), it's almost always better to say "you're wrong, and here is why 'citation'". Even if you don't convince the peopl you disagree with, it makes you sound more rational and will sway others, rather than sounding like a 12 year old with character attacks right out of the gate.
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:28:47
You should put the percentage differences between the 2.1k to 1.9k, 5.2k to 4.7k, etc... That shows that as the price continues to go up, the % difference about perfectly timing the market goes to 0. It doesn't matter when you buy cuz that extra $1k means virtually nothing in the long run.
@_date: 2019-07-25 03:45:15
Addresses aren't created, they're derived from the seed that's created. Creating a seed doesn't require the blockchain and can be done entirely offline on computers that have never touched the Internet. You can load the addresses up in something like electrum and view them that way. Electrum also won't require you to download the entire blockchain either, so you'll know within a couple of seconds where your balance is.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:39:24
Nano S &amp; Model T are both pretty good. My money goes to the Nano S due to how much cheaper it is. If you don't run a lot of cryptos, then the nano is fine. Kinda a pain to restore wallets to, but hopefully you don't do it that often. The Model T has weird passphrase control that requires additional software.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:29:33
Giving money to corporations ends up (to some degree) funneling back into the economy. When companies think they can try to make more profit by having part of their potential losses subsidized, they're more willing to make those investments. Sometimes they work, sometimes not, but the end result is (usually) that the companies had to hire a bunch of people and buy a bunch of goods.
Edit: just because you're not for a "shared society" doesn't mean you're selfish. I would rather have equality than equity. If I had to work to get to where I am, then so should everyone else. Giving people a leg up for very little of their own contribution makes my significant struggles completely meaningless.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:25:28
My biggest problem with free health care is the fat acceptance movement, which is encouraging horrific lifestyles that lead to major health problems. That shit is subsidized by people like me who workout everyday and eat right. That's not cool. If you wanna be a fatty, you should pay a premium cuz you're killing yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-27 02:46:34
Sure, but they can't refute a spreadsheet where you show each and every transaction you've made, properly accounting for your cost basis and gains/losses. It's a pain in the ass, but it's what's required, so we gotta deal with it for the time being. Vote for those who are crypto friendly and get the laws changed in time.
@_date: 2019-07-29 03:31:58
Is the Venezuelan bollivar not a currency? Pretty sure it's still considered one...
@_date: 2019-07-23 03:18:50
See, the problem I have with this is sure, let me substitute Bitcoin for another type of text: USD. It's just numbers, in PayPal, in Chase, in whatever. It's just text. Literally no difference from that perspective, but the government gets to regulate who's allowed to have text by their name and who's not.
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:54:06
No, because they're still vulnerable to a potentially infected desktop, while hardware wallets isolate the keys from the desktop. It might offer you some marginal protection, but not really...
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:01:20
I prefer to see up to 3 decimals, so 0.001 BTC. Below that, go all the way down to sats.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:30:49
Not all debt is bad debt. Throw money at high interest debt. Really great interest rates (introductory or 0% ones) are fine to keep around. Once those rates go up though, dump that shit.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:10:24
It would be better if price went up, so that as I spent it, the purchasing power of my remaining coins remained sideways....
@_date: 2019-07-23 00:06:22
Went on a cruise when I was 16-17, and got $100 from my parents as a loan to play around with. Paid them back $105 to cover the 2% conversion fee both ways. Walked away from the table with a $100 chip. Sat on it for a few days but ultimately decided to gamble it away cuz it was "free" money that I hadn't grown attached to. Didn't try to use it to make money, just used it to play whatever I felt like. Ultimately walked away with a $5 chip to keep as memorabilia.
Win some, lose some. Know when to walk away.
@_date: 2019-07-09 14:24:40
With the massive obesity problems we have, I have a hard time believing that expanding coverage to those who don't have it (assuming a random sampling of the general population, with a slight emphasis on those with serious medical concerns who can't get an insurance company to cover then, regardless of how much they charge) will reduce overall cost. Maybe, but it would have to be accompanied by some pretty big changes within the industry, regulated by force.
@_date: 2019-07-01 08:51:32
Great points, and I'd agree with all of it. Typically though, the overage situation comes from when you plug miners into an existing solar environment, rather than hooking up solar to an existing mining environment. In the overage situation, the number of miners is variable, as you'd turn them on to specifically avoid the overage, then (possibly) back off once you're producing less than you're consuming. This keeps electrical costs to zero (it's the cost of the panels, batteries, inverters, etc...), but you lose out on income as your miners will turn off.
Within a mining environment, you're running all your miners to maximize production, while offsetting electrical costs. You wouldn't want a system that out performed your usage + storage capacity, as you would be wasting power to this overage situation. Ideally, you want solar to account for 99% of your electoral usage, and that last 1% paid to the grid companies ensures you're maximizing your solar output without wasting any.
I'm currently designing an off-grid solar setup for a camper and will have to decide on how I deal with the overage problem. One common idea on campers is to heat water to keep batteries below 100%, but once the water is hot, what then? My system is well overpowered to maximize production on cloudy days and in bad weather (so that I essentially never run out), so I'll be hitting overproduction frequently on sunny days/weeks. A simple solution to this is to pickup a cheap (and unfortunately inefficient) miner second hand. It would be used exclusively to manage the overcharging condition, so it's power is completely free (because it would be completely wasted otherwise). Leaving it running at any other battery charge level than 100% has an opportunity cost of energy that could be used for other applications, so it would be cut off then.
You are certainly right about all the other required accessories, and their prices stack up fast. I'm looking at an initial DIY install of ~$5k, with my "ultimate system" design bringing the total closer to ~$12k for the capacity &amp; charge rates I'm interested in. It's certainly a fun field to research though.
@_date: 2019-07-29 10:45:48
What is it that you don't follow so I can provide more clarification? I thought it was fairly straight forward of a point.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:46:19
So... Do you have an answer to the question? Cuz your post sidesteps it completely...
What happens to the purchasing power of privately held Bitcoin doing an economic recession (either at a country or global scale)?
You also seem to be ignoring the idea that Bitcoin will be treated just like fiat... People will hold it in banks, it'll be lent out on reserves, there will be &gt;21m "circulating" coins. The only difference is that when a bank run happens, the system hard crashes, rather than being able to absorb it.
@_date: 2019-07-28 03:06:20
I was really annoyed to realize this... Kinda sucks that you make a little, you get taxes, you get a lot stolen? The IRS still wants all the taxes, including on whatever you earned that was stolen.
@_date: 2019-07-14 07:54:30
Because you can't send me BTC via a Visa card, and once businesses start to accept BTC directly, they'll drop CC support. And then you'll have nothing.
@_date: 2019-07-25 10:44:20
Buy it with a CC, get protections.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:04:28
What loopholes are they using that you don't have access to that would let you dodge your own taxes?
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:46:23
When you line item your capital gains. You'll have 2 line items:
1) APPL - $30k gain
2) BTC - $33k loss
This leaves you at your net $3k loss that you're allowed to take. With the team aiming $17k carried forward like you said. You don't sum ever hung up and just say "here's my net". You gotta itemize that.
@_date: 2019-07-22 10:49:59
I'm certainly not saying the law says it's correct. We certainly have processes in place to prevent this, else you'd see more people break into houses for deeds and the likes. Obviously the law is not black and white like crypto. There's context that can be considered.
I also have not spoken to whether or not something is right or wrong, merely how the Bitcoin network would describe "ownership". There really is no such thing as ownership in crypto. The question is "does this person have the key required to spend this output?" It doesn't matter if that's the intended person or a thief, as long as it is true, crypto says "you have permission/you're the owner". It's very black and white, which is an amazing feature, but also a double edged sword. Legitimate funds can be irreversibly stolen.
On a theoretical level (or on a grayscale compatible system), I'd agree with your ownership assessment. I don't *technicaly* own your coins, I'm stealing them... But that's transparent to the protocol.
@_date: 2019-07-22 10:50:48
Wasn't aware of this, I'll have to check that out to confirm, thanks!
@_date: 2019-07-22 10:57:09
Appreciate the response, but it seems like there's 2 sides to the coin here. Sure, no one could stop you from publishing your addresses and asking for Bitcoin, just as no one can stop you from making posts about buying illegal drugs. The problem comes from accepting/receiving the bitcoin/drugs, as well as the possession of bitcoin/drugs. I feel like owning bitcoin isn't protected by free speech laws. Perhaps, but it seems very counterintuitive.
@_date: 2019-07-01 08:32:08
I'm no stranger to getting worked up on Reddit, and lord knows I'm seriously tone deaf to my own rantings. It's not about being the bigger person, but more about pointing out opportunities to reflect on our own perspectives. I've been called out plenty of times with "could you be more rude?!?" and I appreciate it, as it kinda throws a wrench into the all-too-easily to fall into of "you're wrong. No, you're dumb. No, your momma's fat" train wreck of an "argument". It gets us to stop and read over what we wrote in whatever fit of rage we were in and realize that, yeah, we might have over done it. I use these as opportunities to grow in my ability to communicate, figure out what "triggered" me to stop thinking rationally, and figure out ways to combat it in the future. All in all, it makes us better able to present and argue our ideas, reach common understanding and common ground, and admit when we're wrong. It's not easy, but that's life.
@_date: 2019-07-14 08:28:12
We're not ready for mass adoption. The protocol still needs more privacy updates, and slow, heathy growth is preferred over rabid speculation and clamoring.
@_date: 2019-07-09 03:21:47
So you're saying to replace invariance companies with a government run insurance company? I don't have a lot of confidence in anything run by the government, and normal businesses tend to be a lot more effective (both in its purpose &amp; in cost) than the government. That's not something you're going to convince me of with a simple argument.
I never said it couldn't work, nor did I say it couldn't work correctly, I just said that those who do their best to not have to use the system are be ones who suffer the most, while also incentivizing laziness. Your better argument here would be the "despite the population being overall unhealthy due to a lack of incentivization, they are producing more because they are happier" or something along those lines. I was taught to never incentivize bad behavior, and this goes against that.
As for your assumption about checkups, sure. That's the logical conclusion you would reach. But I wouldn't recommend investing in BTC 100% of your income, because you have to weigh hose investments with others. I haven't been to a doctors office in 5+ years. There's no need for me to spend time &amp; money for somethin that I'm doing a decent job of currently. Sure, if I start bleeding out my ass, I'd go see one. It's quite possible I have cancer now that a regular screening could catch, but won't manifest for years. But there is also the opportunity cost of those regular visits you have to take into consideration. For some people, it's worth it. For others, not so much.
I get where you're coming from, I really do. I'm not a fan of government run programs, and incentivizing bad behavior.
@_date: 2019-07-01 08:22:45
You may have a point on the goods vs currency, however, from my perspective, currency itself is only a means to an end. It's the temporary "good" I have to deal with in order to convert my labor into life sustaining food, water, shelter, etc. To me, the end items are what hold the value (food, entertainment, ...), while currency only holds value in so far as to allow me to convert my labor or goods to labor or goods that I desire. Perhaps I see currency a little non traditionally, so that may be on me.
I would shy away from saying nothing has intrinsic value, only from a most technical perspective though. On the surface, only the requirements for life have a base intrinsic value, but a knife will have some value to someone somewhere under some circumstance, giving it some value. In a social society, where trade is beneficial, a valued good has "inherit" (or probably better said as inherited/transitive) value. You may have zero need or value in a knife, but someone does, and you might be able to benefit from trading it with them. It certainly gets muddled and complicated quickly, but I try to avoid the extremes. It all lies somewhere in the middle where certain things have some value at some time for someone somewhere. it's just counterbalanced by opportunity cost.
I'll checkout the link, appreciate it!
@_date: 2019-07-05 08:42:49
Appreciate the explanation. Can't say I've heard it, despite being a software engineer. I've heard similar(ish) phrases, but not this, let alone the acronym.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:16:34
You can FIFO, specific coin control or average cost basis. As long as you're consistent, you should be fine.
@_date: 2019-07-08 20:27:25
I jumped in to defend the person you started attacking. Seems like decent curtesy to me. I'm not defending what he said, in fact, I disputed it, and actually provided evidence against it, unlike your blatant attack. There's no need for that. You coulda just said "you're wrong" and left it, or you could have provided evidence to support your argument. Just saying "you're an idiot, and you're wrong" is no different than "Orange man bad!" Sure, you can believe that, but why? "Orange man bad"... I'm sure you've heard those arguments. There really isn't one. I was just pointing out that you didn't have one, when all it would take to prove you were right was a quick Google search &amp; copy/paste a link. Immediately woulda won the argument.
Glad you're non-partisan. Too many people are and can't think for themselves...  I appreciate the response and will have to reread my stuff to see if I can see that perspective. Any hot spots in particular?
@_date: 2019-07-03 16:19:55
Value is subjective, but it's market price is objective. We all place different values on Bitcoin. Those who place a higher value on Bitcoin than its price will buy. Those who have a lower value than the price will sell.
@_date: 2019-07-31 11:17:52
I agree, and also fail to sympathize much with the wealthier who do pay more in taxes. What I'm specifically pointing out is that it's usually not the wealthy that are crying "taxation is theft". For the unwealthy, they experience a net benefit. If we removed taxation, they stand to lose the most, so it doesn't make sense to bite the hand that feeds you.
@_date: 2019-07-27 02:57:16
Is there a difference between these shell companies and actual foreign companies located overseas?
@_date: 2019-07-06 18:20:00
Interesting perspective, but why can there only be 1 successful crypto?
Also, what majority vote systems would be replaced with money?
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:16:22
If I'm not wrong, I actually think the first several blocks were mined days apart. I don't think they got to regular 10 minute block times for a little while. All other information is great.
Only thing I'd add is that for 3. There's no authority issuing coins. They are literally created, and according to consensus, everyone agrees that a certain amount is allowed to be created by the miner in accordance to the ruleset. This would be the equivalent to playing a card game where the rules state that you must start your turn with 5 cards in your hands. If you only have 4, you draw one from the pile (representing the 21m total BTC supply). There's a rule that lets you take a card to add more supply to the currently used cards (the collection of cards held by all players) in order to transact/trade with them. The difference is mining requires power consumption, so you're turning electricity into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-03 21:21:18
That's tax evasion. I have no idea why so many people advocate for breaking the law. It makes more sense to petition to have the law changed if it's a dumb law, rather than out right breaking it, but you do you...
@_date: 2019-07-30 11:03:47
There's quite a bit wrong with this, hopefully some of this helps:
Part of the communication protocol involves announcing the software version you're running. This, differences in the communication protocol used, and repeated failed validation allows software nodes to distinguish between the chains, spending on which rules they support. In an unclean fork (BCH, BSV were clean forms, as the community distinctly decided on which ruleset to follow - an unclean fork would be a bug that immediately and unintentionally forks) all nodes are trying to participate in the same network. They'll each share transactions that are still valid, and they'll even share blocks. If my node sees multiple "bad" blocks from you, they'll reject them and ban your node. I eventually stop communicating with bad nodes and gravitate towards good ones. That said, if my version of the chain is 4 blocks in height from the split, but yours is only 3, I could convince you to switch to my side of the fork as long as my blocks don't violate the ruleset. Your client will always go for the longest chain.
There are generally "seed lists" to help newly connected clients figure out who to talk to in order to get connected in the network. As for current network overlaps, with as clean a fork as its been, and as much development that's gone into BCH, I highly doubt there's much overlap of the network with crosstalk, but it might still happen.
You only own 1 of both coins if you owned your coin before it splits. At the moment of the split, you essentially take the entire blockchain up to that point, copy it, and then it becomes its own history of the new currency. That new currency just so happens to have shared the same history as the original. That means if you owned something on the original pre fork, you now own something on the copy post fork.
Each network will reject the other because the transactions look different. If Bitcoin looks like "&lt;receivingAddr&gt;&lt;amnt&gt;&lt;sendingAddr&gt;&lt;someValue&gt;&lt;script&gt;", but BCH look like "&lt;receivingAddr&gt;&lt;amnt&gt;&lt;sendingAddr&gt;&lt;script&gt;&lt;someValue&gt;" then the two transactions look wrong/malformed on the opposing network, and will therefore be rejected. Just as you can't spend BTC on the LTC network, BTC and BCH are completely separate cryptos (which only coincidentally share the same history up to some point).
Bitcoin cash is its own crypto, so it wouldn't share its price with anything else. A fork creates a completely separate crypto, that just happens to have the same history. Because it's just another crypto, it's no different than the BTC/LTC tradin pair. If people believe BCH is better than BTC, they'll trade their BTC for BCH. If not, as we saw, people dumped their BCH for BTC.
@_date: 2019-07-27 04:00:57
I'm fully aware of what it's typically used for (or the context in which its used), but we do see similar things happen not just at the country level, but also the state level. Different states can offer tax incentives in order to gain businesses into that state. I don't particularly agree with that, but since it's legal, not much you can do about that. The same idea applies to other countries. If they offer better tax advantages, you're going to see companies move away from the US and go overseas. At that point, they become a foreign company, not a US one. You could combat this to some degree by limiting what they can do in the US if they aren't paying their "fair share" of taxes by being an overseas corporation, but you can't do a whole lot without also negatively affecting legitimate foreign businesses.
@_date: 2019-07-01 17:11:42
Not necessarily. As long as it's implemented correctly, the communication channel of Bluetooth is no less secure than the communication channel of physical USB. They can both be intercepted and attacked (albeit the Bluetooth one remotely - so it does have a larger attack vector), but as long as the device handles the communication directly, it'll confirm the transaction details on your device for your approval. You just deny the attacker's request.
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:27:12
Sell 2 of them, then trade the other for a POS that'll just barely get me by while continuing to stack sats.
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:13:53
Lol, what?
I'm not sure I've seen a local business go the 100% automation route or use oversea labor, but maybe your area is different. Certainly different businesses are different, but a vast majority of businesses won't be going exclusively this route. Also note that I acknowledge this saying "to some degree".
To your other stuff, wow. You've completely misrepresented my position, but that's okay. While I am aware that my view can be a little extreme, I still prefer equality over equity. It's not "oh noe! I gotta work and billy is sicky wicky!" It's "let's treat everyone with exactly the same opportunity". Health is an investment. You wouldn't expect to have your savings subsidized by the rest of the country just because you tried day trading and lost it all. Similarly, you have to take car of your health and invest in it. Obviously there are going to be really sick people, but that's where insurance comes in. that's where the "wtf happened to you" gets taken care of. But if you're extremely fat it's like "bro, we told you that it's not heathy to do this. We're talking care of you, but you're paying out the ass for insurance."
Also, have you ever had the pleasure of working with the VA? It's free healthcare for military retirees, and it's completely garbage. The entire system sucks. I'd take private healthcare over that any day of the week. You could argue that it works somewhere, but it certainly doesn't work in the US...
@_date: 2019-07-01 03:34:59
Most people also only look at the surface value of "if I'm using solar, it's free electricity, therefore I have zero mining cost" and *usually* don't take into account that they're just paying for all their electricity up front. If solar makes sense for Bitcoin mining, it also makes sense for general electrical usage, so anyone making the "go solar" claim would be inconsistent if they weren't also going or already using solar every day.
@_date: 2019-07-21 14:15:00
The key analogy would be better represented by you finding random car/house deeds on the sidewalk, where all you have to do is fill in your info and you become the legal owner of the car/house. Once someone has access to your seed, it is (nearly) impossible to definitively prove ownership. There's no difference between you transferring coins to your own seed that someone stole or you transferring coins to someone else's seed that you stole. Whoever moves the coins into an unstolen address first wins. There are caveats, such as history, that can be taken into account, but having the key to a house doesn't convey the same type of ownership that owning someone's seed provides you.
@_date: 2019-07-23 10:19:57
If you're not using it to buy/sell, it's best to avoid it. Keep a majority of your holdings in a hardware wallet, and setup a phone wallet to have "pocket change" available for daily spending. Top up your phone wallet as necessary.
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:08:18
The IRS doesn't prove you wrong, you gotta prove you're right. The receipt shows that.
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:47:12
Seems legit...
@_date: 2019-07-31 01:24:54
Bitcoin is pseudo anonymous. You can create statistical associations between addresses. If I deposit some Bitcoin to Coinbase, then statistically analyze all the associated addresses, I can build up an incredibly robust network of addresses that I'm reasonably certain belong to Coinbase. If I break into your computer and find your xpub (not private keys, but your list of public ones), I can analyze them to find out info like "it appears you sold to someone else who sold to Coinbase" or "it looks like you bought directly from Coinbase a couple months ago". Using this information, I can then start to associate everyrhing with who "you" are. All I know about "you" is your xpub, but I also know you bought from Coinbase and sold to someone who sold to Coinbase. I could also find out that you did a laundry list of other things, any one of which could accidentally leak your personal details. Once I have that, it's no longer "you", it's Tom. I know who you are and quite a lot of information about you.
This is one of the reasons there are many "best practices" associated with spending Bitcoin. CoinJoin, washing, no address reuse, etc, all help to make statistical associate difficult or impossible, thus preserving the "you", and not allowing anyone to know Tom.
@_date: 2019-07-27 04:04:16
Number one rule though, is to be consistent as much as possible, and to provide justification as to why what you said happened is the most accurate story available. A "I didn't get around to it yet" isn't going to do you any favors, but when you say "I've only ever used Binance, and they didn't have the coin listed for a couple days, and trying to get registered with other exchanges would require extensive account setting up, and Binance already confirmed they were going to support it soon", that's a lot more believeable. Even if the IRS says "lol, no", they aren't going to throw the book at you, and will probably just make you change it.
@_date: 2019-07-08 20:32:06
Native SegWit is always compatible to send/receive to/from legacy addresses. It's the software support that isn't. An exchange has to implement bech32 in order to withdraw coins to a native SegWit address, but as long as the exchange does so, there are no issues. Same with sending - it's all software.
@_date: 2019-07-24 03:41:34
Makes sense for illegal goods. I still have a hard time believing the idea that Bitcoin is just text or speech. Doing a little digging on things like the 3D printed weapons certainly says there's a blurry line, but it's really unfortunate that most cases like these get settled rather than taken to a formal ruling that could provide some guidance...
@_date: 2019-07-28 03:04:08
IANAL, I would suspect not, but if there was a lot of currency to currency exchange rate movement, you might be able to or required to file something. Imagine turning $1000 into 1500 EUR, then back into 2000 USD. The govt would want a cut of that "free" 1k you got. This is highly unlikely, but it might hold true. Generally, currency to currency is fine and there typically aren't taxes for that.
@_date: 2019-07-25 10:41:38
Lul wut? Why's it gotta come from a millionaire? Why not take financial advice from poor people? /s
@_date: 2019-07-05 09:04:26
Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure quantum computing doesn't spit out an immediate answer to the problem you give it. I'm pretty sure that it just does regular math, but at an order of magnitude faster rate (by doing regular math non-regularly). This would mean that if someone developed a quantum computer to crack Bitcoin addresses, all vulnerable addresses wouldn't simultaneously be cracked, but they'd be worked on one by one. The coins would probably be moved when the private key was found, and work would begin on another address and continue until it was cracked. The time between cracked addresses could be years, months, or weeks. No one would crack all the addresses they could and wait until they were all broken to start moving coins out. They'd want to cash in and secure the payout for their work as its completed.
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:20:03
Doesn't the 1% also pay for some 70-80% of all the taxes/services for their respective populations?
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:04:10
Many merchants are already dropping credit cards due to fraud and high fees. There are plenty of cash only shops, and many more are going to "discounts" for cash (essentially just higher prices for CC use). If they start accepting BTC because there is no fraud, then yes, they'll have dropped CCs for BTC.
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:33:45
Pretty sure rolling timestamps around is perfectly legit. I know miners will future roll timestamps, and it would be dumb if your timeline necessarily had to be higher than the current block, as a miner could put a block with a timestamp a day off and cause al sorts of havoc with the network (potentially causing issues if miners didn't catch the change). Because this isn't enforced (to my knowledge), there shouldn't be an issue with this happening.
@_date: 2019-07-22 10:42:07
Neat concept.
I've always been curious: when you DCA, you spend coins who's purchase date is their original date (first in, first our), but the price is their spot average'd weighted price?
So, day 1, buy 1 BTC at $100.
Day 7, buy 2 BTC at $400.
Day 366, sell 1 BTC (the day 1 coin, so long term gains) for $1000. Your cost basis is 100*(1/3)+200*(2/3)=$166.67, capital gains of $833.33, right?
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:57:13
But, but, I only have to guess 24 words and I get to steal all of your crypto. How can it be secure if all I have to do is guess a handful of words? /s
@_date: 2019-07-04 07:10:22
To name a few prices...
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:21:31
What chrome wallet app are you using? I'm not familiar with any, and ledger has long since discontinued support for their chrome app, so hopefully you're not using that... They have a full standalone desktop app if you want, but Electrum is my personal go-to.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:42:59
If the business owner is paying attention, they'll realize that Coinbase/BitPay never charges them back, while visa/MC does. Some will do some more research on why, and resize they can cut out the already low fee percentage and directly accept BTC as long as they know they can spend it elsewhere. The more involved, the more likely they are to directly accept crypto.
@_date: 2019-07-21 13:53:15
No need to be concerned. The market determines what's profitable. If it's not, the market shifts until it is. Additionally, as we continue to make improvements to the protocol, we're slowly increasing the number of transactions in each block, which allows for more fees. This will especially be awesome when we have features like aggregate signatures, where we can have 100s of transactions in very little space, with each payment adding a little fee to the pot to create a substantial fee overall (while simultaneously adding privacy).
@_date: 2019-07-09 03:08:50
I said to discriminate based on choice. You don't choose to be gay, you don't choose genetic diseases, you don't choose your age (although, insurance companies get to discriminate based on age... Premiums for&lt;20 drivers are dumb). You do choose your lifestyle. If you choose to be 400 lbs, you choose higher premiums (again, excluding the 0.1% of people who's medical issues actually affect their weight - of which there are cery few diseases).
If you drag down the prices of hospitals, where do you get the doctors from? Are you going to start forcing people to be a doctor when it only pays $100k a year, when they want at least $200k? You end up with a shortage of doctors and shitty service. This is not to say that some things are absurdly priced, but if you try to force lower prices you end up what you have with happens with those who have whatever the low income healthcare system is (blue cross? Something like that?). I had a roomie that was denied access to multiple doctors because the government didn't pay enough for her to be seen as a patient.
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:21:43
Who are you taking to? I had agreed with your statements, but I provided links and data to support your argument, while you went immediately to character attacks. What is there to be wrong about? That's an objective observation of your conversation with the other dude.
Also, out of curiosity, what is it that makes me come across as a "lib"? It's not the first time I've been called it, just find it interesting cuz I don't think it could be further from accurate.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:32:27
I advocate for "skip eating out once a month" style of investing. Nothing more than you would have spent for a meal or two here and there, and instead put it in Bitcoin. At worst, you spend a hair more on food, and at best, the investment goes up 1000x.
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:27:45
Also, as a thought experiment, consider my point of view, if the unhealthy people pay a premium. Sure, it's moral to offer them healthcare to keep people heathy, but it's also moral for *them* to do what's in the best interest of everyone else around them, which would be to change their lifestyle.
If everyone unhealthy did this, you'd end up with 1 category of premiums being paid, which is effectively healthcare subsidized by the entire US population for every US citizen. If you paid out a stipend or gave tax credits, it's subsidized. But the difference is that health is encouraged in my system, not yours. If I get free healthcare no matter what, then I don't have to care how unhealthy I live, someone else pays for it. You don't want to incentivize laziness.
@_date: 2019-07-21 13:42:37
It's like a Bitcoin wallet, but for transacting on the Lightning Network. It's dirt cheap, routed, off chain payments that are instantaneous and secure.
@_date: 2019-07-30 10:02:42
This doesn't mean there's more than 21m Bitcoin, just that the 21m Bitcoin can be further subdivided. If you have a pizza, you don't suddenly make more pizza by cutting it up, you just get more to go around.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:09:11
Or spend, or trade for other crypto. The IRS counts those as "sales" to USD, then using the USD to purchase the good.
@_date: 2019-07-14 08:16:09
Great response! A quick note and a question:
The model T generates 24 word seeds by default (at least it did for me).
The Nano isn't bricked if Ledger goes out of business, you just won't get updated firmware nor be able to add/remove apps. If you already set it up once, you never need to touch it again (technically). It also works with any software that supports HW like Electrum.
Quick question on the coldcard:
How does it handle passphrases? With the Model T, you plug in a passphrase and it "permanently" sets the device to always use that passphrase, manually requiring you to remove it. Additionally, using the Trezor software is required to change the passphrase, meaning you can't use 3rd party exclusive software. The Nano S/X both require you to plug in the passphrase when you want to use it (and reset to no passphrase when unplugged). Is the coldcard like the Teezor or Ledger?
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:42:43
I was incorrect. The top 1% pays for 34% of the taxes... And the top 10% pays 70% of the taxes. Sorry for the error...
@_date: 2019-07-30 10:43:17
Crypto - specifically those using Proof of Work - is made up from massive energy expenditure. USD - specifically digital balances - is made up from thin air. Subtle difference, but it's there.
Edited: clarified proof of work, not a specific crypto flavor
@_date: 2019-07-27 06:30:46
There's no reason to ever throw away old seeds/keys. At worst, they take up a few bytes and you never need them. At best, you realize that you need them because you need to prove ownership or something like that down the road.
@_date: 2019-07-30 03:11:27
I don't quite follow the implication you're making about the government saying "you had some". Of course OP had some. If he never sells, he has no tax liability, but if he converts to XMR, he does. He'll be responsible for showing the conversion &amp; calculating the gains/losses appropriately. He doesn't need to say "I bought XMR with the sale of these" when he sells his BTC, but he does need to say "I sold some crypto for this gain".
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:15:13
Not quite true, as OP still has the 23k in crypto, meaning they aren't realized losses. You have to realize your loss in order to claim it, and then you can't buy back within 30 days of the loss sale else it's consider a wash sale (if you buy back, but don't claim losses, I don't think it's a wash sale anymore? Not sure on this). To further complicate things, OP has "sold" quite a few times into other currencies and the likes. There's a lot of work that has to be done to figure out his new cost basis for all his coins.
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:53:31
If you send/receive to/from your Coinbase account, there is a statistical probability that you own those addresses. Over time, Coinbase can analyze these addresses to have a really high statistical probability that you own certain addresses based on output combinations and other patterns.
You don't want an online wallet if you can avoid one. Hardware wallets are the way to go for easy spending from a hot/warm wallet. If you must go online, get a wallet that is non custodial (where you control the keys, and your encrypted data is what's stored on the server, not your actual Bitcoin). That way you retain ownership of your coins in the even the website goes down.
@_date: 2019-07-03 06:58:22
Bitcoin is pseudo anonymous. Addresses are well known, and outside of tumblers/mixers/coinjoin, they're very easily tracked. You can operate within Bitcoin this way completely anonymous because an attacker won't be able to link an address to you, just the addresses to certain activities. However, you mess up once, and your entire history is blown wide open. All it takes is an exchange with KYC, or a cop doing a sting to ID you, and they can figure out statistically probable associated accounts that could reveal additional information about you. There are many ways to start attaching IDs to addresses, and this is well underway by many organizations. If you avoid that, you're anonymous.
@_date: 2019-07-14 08:05:35
The only benefit you get from using 24 words over 12 words is that you could "add security" (typically when people do this, they lose coins) by scrambling the order in a specific way. If I have your 12 words out of order, it's trivial to try every possible combination. That becomes impossible with 24 words. Additionally, if you decide to store 12 words in spot 1 and the other 12 in spot 2, you can't bruteforce the missing 12 words if someone compromises one set. You can, however, if it's only 6 and 6.
Just food for thought. Although it's highly ill advised.
@_date: 2019-07-27 03:35:16
You seem to have missed the sarcasm in my post, but it was sarcastic... I understand it's a few satoshis, but you're thinking in the timeframe of days, while I'm thinking years. It might not always be a few satoshis. It might be more, it might be less. The USD value may be more, or it may be less. Thinking that it's current cost is going to remain that way forever is short sighted thinking. The last time I moved many bundles of my BTC, I do so for free. The network was propagating zero fee transactions just cuz. Only took a couple blocks to make it in. Back in those days, people also thought that free transactions would be around forever.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:40:27
Yes, and you pay taxes on income (and other taxable things) made internationally that you aren't paying international taxes on. The US dips their toes into every pot of money you have.
Edit: not just income is taxed
@_date: 2019-07-01 02:39:47
I appreciate the links, not so much on the condescending tone. But okay.
Your link on economic value contains the following:
"Economic value is not the same as market price, nor is economic value the same thing as market value. If a consumer is willing to buy a good, it implies that the customer places a higher value on the good than the market price."
I would like to draw your attention to the "customer places a higher value" portion. Which, you know, is what I've been saying. Individuals place higher or lower values relative to each other on different goods. I appreciate you find in my point for me, and showing me that I was, in fact, discussing economic value, and not ethical values.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:41:37
Not a bad idea, just not done. Do you have a foreign bank? I certainly don't, and have no idea how I might go get one... A lot of the population won't be able to.
@_date: 2019-07-05 08:43:56
That was the best I could come up with in a couple minutes of pulling catch phrases out of my ass. =D the fact that it's close to existing law shows that's the route laws take.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:55:48
If you don't have your seed words anymore, generate a new seed and send all your BTC to the new wallet. You need your seed words, as that's what lets you restore your wallet to any supported device.
Edit: what do you mean by "private key" and "pass code"? I feel like you're using non standard naming conventions here...
@_date: 2019-07-07 22:23:50
Not even close.
According to this article (citations included), the top 1% pays more (~35%) than the bottom 90% of tax payers. I was wrong in my initial estimate of how high they pay, but still, it's nowhere near 0%. That's just absurd thinking.
The top 10% pays 70% of the taxes. That's people with incomes over ~$140k per year.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:21:09
Is like to believe that all the low level dev needs to do is the groundwork to discover the exploit/issue, provide a pointer to the issue in the code, along with evidence of a working exploit, and it would pique the interest of higher up devs. An issue like that, especially one with a demo, would immediately flare up. Bonus points if you build a working exploit to just do a popup on user's machines as a joke.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:41:37
You know, the beautiful thing about tax breaks is that they aren't just givin away money. If the government (local, federal, or other) is providing a tax break of $7m, they aren't any worse off than had they have lost the business &amp; taxes in the first place. In fact, any taxes owed after that $7m go to that government. So, they're only better off by offering companies those kind of offers, because someone will. If not Indiana, then Maine, or what have you. You could end this practice of trying to buy companies to come be businesses in your jurisdictions, which would be awesome.
I'm not defending the elite, so much as trying to get the poor to stop bitching so much about how muh wealthier others are. They don't realize that if all those wealthy people gave up their entire incomes, those poor people would have a whopping $100 extra a year, but instead of only contributing 20% of the taxes collected, they'll be paying 5 times more taxes. Income diversity ensures that those who are poor don't have to contribute nearly as much as they receive. I'm tired of poor idiots caking for income equality like it's going to do anything other than raise their taxes.
@_date: 2019-07-04 07:11:37
What... are you on? And can i get some? I got bitcoin... you take that?
@_date: 2019-07-23 10:18:01
Fair points. You sound like you got a bit of a background in law or legal proceedings - more than myself anyway. I certainly hope we never have to argue this in the courts. It'll be hard fought from us coiners, but if he media spins this as drug dealer, child trafficker enabling criminal money, the vast majority of the public won't care, and will flip sides at the slightest hint of "legitimacy" that news outlets tell them... I'm not hopeful in the masses at this point...
@_date: 2019-07-31 01:17:02
First off, you really should do some more digging into how Bitcoin operates, but glad to have you aboard. Wallets are just private keys that prove to the network that you have permission to move coins associated with a public address. Nothing is stored on your ledger (except the private keys), nothing is stored on your computer (again, unless you have a wallet storing your private keys). You only need private keys when you go to spend. "Receiving" crypto happens when someone else chooses to associate some of their crypto with your address instead. It requires the sender to broadcast the transaction (which is why you have to plug in your ledger to spend), but is completely receiver independent.
There are many services that allow automatic purchases, but you should reconsider automatic withdrawals. Especialy if you tend to make multiple, smaller purchases. Many exchanges charge fees per withdrawal, so they'll eat you up over time. It's better to accumulate for a period of time (1-3 months depending on risk tolerance) and then withdrawal everything in 1 fell swoop.
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:52:44
Your call to arms is hilarious. There is plenty that can be used to link crypto to end users, especially if people continue to commit tax evasion. The more who do, the harder the IRS will push to discover who's doing it and the harsher the penalty will be.
The whole 'if you don't agree with me, you're an IRS agent' is dumb. I don't agree with the taxation occurring, but I also think commiting fraud is bad advice. Fight to change the laws the right way - via election of officials who support privacy, crypto and government transparency.
@_date: 2019-07-07 22:08:33
Not sure how you got "government... paying" from my "pay your taxes" (to a government), nor how you got "without paying them" from my "what currency"... I was taking about people paying the government, not the complete opposite. I also said it doesn't matter what currency you're paying in, be it USD, Yen or BTC, and nothing about not paying anyone.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:36:49
How did you generate the seed?
@_date: 2019-07-24 03:27:49
There's quite a bit wrong with this... First off, using short names eliminates the checksum feature of addresses, in the sense that having exceedingly simllar looking addresses is virtually impossible, while user defined short names are insanely easier. In fact, that last sentence has an intentionally misspelled word that you may have skimmed over because human brains autocomplete. If you sent your Bitcoin to my "simllar" address, instead of your landlord's "similar" address, you're hosed.
Second. Address reuse should be limited. You don't want different people to pay to the same addresses, and ideally, you want every payment from everyone all to different addresses. This helps prevent statistical association, and helps preserve privacy (if I pay funds to a doctor who also gets money from another patient, and I happen to know that they bought bread from the bakery I work in, now I know who they are and what issues they might have - random example, but you get the idea).
There is something like this "built" into Bitcoin, called "first bits". It's not official, but anyone can find an address using the first occupancy of a set of "first bits". The first bits "1ilovebtc" points to a vanity address I generated for shits &amp; giggles. It's the first address that appears in the blockchain that contains those exact characters in that exact order. The problem with this is that loosely specific vanity addresses are "easy" to generate, so you again lose its checksum. No one uses these anymore to my knowledge. I believe their most popular use was on the physical Casscious (sp?) coins.
Most, if not all of this, can be done on another layer, using messages in the blockchain to trigger certain features, so there's no need to modify the base layer. As others have said, similar things already exist.
That all said, it could be done, but would be stupid when it hurts Bitcoin so much, and can easily be accomplished off layer, preventing additional complexities from creeping into the code base.
@_date: 2019-07-06 21:35:48
"nature of the algorithm"
Care to elaborate?
@_date: 2019-07-25 03:50:28
Fuck man, where did you get your crystal ball from? Mine always seems to let me down, probably bad firmware...
You don't know, and neither do I. I also said "best case scenario", the implication being that it'll never get that high. The approach of "never invest" is really bad. It means that when people have money to actually make serious investments, they get burned harder than if they lose that $20 they got for their birthday on that new fangled crypto thing. Investing small amounts and using that as an experiment, while building up to making serious investments is the way to go. I recently(ish) found myself trying to diversify into stocks, with literally zero knowledge on how any of it worked. Sure woulda been nice if my parents had walked me through the process when I was younger, and I got to watch the investment grow and understand the effects of compounding interest...
@_date: 2019-07-30 09:55:43
Cool, you shouldn't have any issues at all. I had written a bash script that automatically pulls whatever version I feed the script, but I don't currently have my computer setup at the moment, so I can't get it for you. What you need (forgive me if I'm wrong, it's been a while), is the .damage compiled version. Should be able to go into the download directlry and find it for every version. If you want to compile from source, you're on your own. Don't think Tails is really setup for compilation, but I suppose it can be.
Daily spending is the buying of goods. If you wanted to buy/sell Bitcoin, you'd probably leave your coins on the exchange. If you wanted to just buy more coins, you should probably get Electrum to spit out a handful of QR codes for your receiving addresses and snap a photo or write down the address. That part becomes a little tedious, but it's not the end of the world.
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:29:34
Namecoin already did this, and it's not really around anymore I don't think...
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:47:14
Unless you have redundant mnemonic storage, if they seize all your assets, they'll have your hardware wallet &amp; your seed. Sure it might be protected by a passphrase, but it better not be one used on any of your seized computers, or in any documents in your seized files. And let's assume it isn't because you're smart. Well, better hope you have a backup of your seed that wasn't seized so you can recover your coins, else they've effectively been seized too (sure the government won't get them, but neither will you).
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:47:36
Imagine the fork as cloning a physical object. You go out and buy a pizza, eat half of it, and then I clone/duplicate the remaining half. It's an exact &amp; perfect, 1 for 1 copy. If I ask you how you got pizza A, you'd say you bought it an hour ago, with funds you got a day ago, from work you did a week ago. If I ask how you got pizza B, you say you bought it an hour ago, with funds you got a day ago, from work you did a week ago. It's a perfect copy - they both share a perfect history.
However, they now both exist simultaneously (this is where the 2 networks develop). Despite them having the same history, they're physically different objects (chains/rulesets), occupying different physical space (networks). They operate completely independently of one another. You don't like pizza B because it's sitting on the floor? Sell it to someone who doesn't mind for some of their pizza A. If enough people do this, the value of A increases (BTC) while B goes down (BCH). No one wants B, and are willing to take less of A for it.
Try not to think of forks in too complex a light. They're functionally no different than alt coins. The only difference is that they have a shared history. What happened on one chain in the past was "replayed" or cloned to the new alt coin. It's essentially giving everyone who held BTC free BCH, depending on how many they held in their addresses, at a 1 to 1 ratio.
Edit: As a quick side note, when BCH and BSV split, there was no "replay protection", meaning that a valid BCH transaction _was_ a valid BCH transaction. This meant that if you sent me BSV, I could copy your transaction details and broadcast it to the BCH network, "stealing" (in a sense, but not quite) your BCH. You didn't intend to send me BCH, but you signed a valid transaction and the network is agnostic to intentions. When BCH split from BTC, replay protection was added so no one lost coins due to unintentionally sending BTC/BCH without realizing it.
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:17:00
The down votes here clearly indicate people disagree. It's not so much about the president as it is other members of the government, including local/state. They have more power to enact laws that actually affect citizens rather than the (typically) high level power that the president has. Regardless of the president you support, supporting local/state level legislation is important.
@_date: 2019-07-26 03:31:09
Well of course, but there's the additional burden of taxes (for the time being anyway) on crypto... That's upwards of 15% on gains...
@_date: 2019-07-30 10:44:40
Are they worth more in the sense that their purchasing power increases, or are they worth more in the absolute number of dollars you get for them?
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:44:15
There's no need to "attack" small businesses. They'll just pass a law that says "if you accept crypto for purchases above $100, you have to report it". If they really want to find out what crypto you have and where it's being spent, it's really easy to do... That's why it's best to avoid illegal tax evasion. Vote people into office who will support crypto.
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:24:03
It's 3k per year over any and all other gains. So, you lose $50k in BTC, but you make $30k in APPL, then you write off $33k this year, realize no capital gains on APPL and carry forward $17k.
@_date: 2019-07-31 01:05:22
Generally speaking, those who pay the least in taxes get the most benefit from them. The more you pay in taxes, the less value you receive out of them, not just less value based on what you pay, but on an individual basis.
Edit: Taxation being theft generally is only true as the highest echelons of tax brackets. The vast majority experience a net benefit.
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:33:15
I would agree with you, especially from a technical perspective. However, what many people claim is that "banks create money" by fractional reserve lending. By your definition of what BTC is and isn't, then that wouldn't be true. You can't say that USD in your bank account is real USD, but BTC in your Coinbase account isn't real BTC, therefore, 'banks don't create USD, nor would they affect the market' (which is a conclusion I don't support). I'm not making a claim that you're in one camp or the other, nor am I claiming that you've supported one side or the other (or both conflicting sides simultaneously).
I'd say that exchange created "BTC", while not technically real BTC, is real enough to be considered part of the money supply. If everyone *thought* they had a legit 1 BTC in their bank account, then the market is affected by that knowledge, whether or not it's actually true. If I believed I had less than 1 full BTC, I would buy more, driving the price up. If I thought and believed that I did, I wouldn't be participating in the open market, artificially deflating the demand (due to an artificially increased supply).
So sure, my claim of "not technically true" may be a little misleading. But I claimed "the market may actually be operating at mkre than 21m Bitcoin" which could certainly be true, as the market operates not just on spendable UTXOs, but also artificially created coins.
@_date: 2019-07-05 08:51:40
Did you just assume my parents' gender?
(But I agree, no need to enforce it. Let people decide on their own. If the community doesn't like it, down vote it to hell.)
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:02:07
This is what happens when you don't pay your taxes... If you've done it correctly, then you have proof beyond a doubt that what you claim is true. Let them send an auditor to look over your 100 page spreadsheet and manually calculate each and every loss and realize that it adds up to what you said it does. Waste of their time. They're only going after crypto guys cuz they know people aren't reporting and can't get away with it...
@_date: 2019-07-27 04:13:14
Oh, I'm well aware of this. It's not real security, and as I said, usually leads to people losing their own keys before there's any risk of someone stealing them.
That said, I still choose to use this method with my family, because the risk of them inadvertently showing someone/the Internet their keys is much higher than them forgetting their passwords, or collectively forgetting the algorithm. The number one security risk for them is public key disclosure, and a scramble solves this. Bu that's me, in a very specific use case. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
An alternative to your secret sharing is ntimelock. You'd create a transaction that sends all your coins to your heirs in a year, then move your coins before it's valid and create a new year long wait transaction. This prevents you needing anyone else, but allows you to pass on your crypto.
@_date: 2019-07-27 13:43:25
Fair points. The first I'd say is a bit less of an issue, unless you're illegally doing tax evasion. They already know that you've bought/sold crypto, not the exact addresses, so you do leak some info there, but overall not quite as big an issue (provided your not tax evading). The second point is valid.
You could help mitigate both these issues if you encrypt the seeds and store them somewhere like a TailsOS bootable flash drive. That way you have them, and they're pretty secure.
@_date: 2019-07-24 03:12:42
Same for me... Not to mention the dozens of backup I have of my keys that will let me restore in the event I can't log in for whatever reason...
@_date: 2019-07-23 03:21:10
You are correct, technically it'll never not be around, same could be said about bitconnect though... It's importance has just greatly diminished. Pretty sure it was a top 5 market cap for a while...
@_date: 2019-07-01 17:16:05
No one should be cracking a proper passphrase. The passphrase itself can be a wide number of characters (not sure of exact set, but it's full alphanumeric + some symbols, so ~60 different characters). A passphrase just 10 characters long is 60^10 = 6e17 (600,000,000,000,000,000), which is too complicated to crack in any reasonable amount of time. At 1 billion password attempts per second, that's still 19 years to search the address space.
@_date: 2019-07-21 13:49:43
Good advice for storing coins safely.
I'd like to believe that the US wouldn't seize property, but they have a bad track record. They made it illegal to own your own gold, and forced everyone to exchange theirs for fiat. In theory, they could do the same with a forced buy back. It then becomes difficult for individuals, as you have to determine if it's worth the current value of fiat to turn your crypto in, or if you want to illegally hold your own in the hopes youll be able to do something with it later. Kind of a toss up, but either way sucks. At this point, because it's an entirely digital medium, I think the US lawmakers should be wise enough to realize that they can't just confiscate your coins, and that plan would never be put into action.
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:18:51
How does what currency you pay your taxes in affect any of those?
@_date: 2019-07-27 03:37:17
Gotcha. Yeah, I highly recommend a hardware wallet, so you can easily generate one offline. Then the fact it allows you to safely spend is just icing on the cake.
@_date: 2019-07-26 03:59:43
It actually could show a gain if you sell a bunch of shitcoin a for $1k, even though you actually paid $2k for them. If you can't show you paid $2k, but they "mysteriously" showed up in your account, the IRS may just treat it as income. Then you pay income tax on whenever you got them according to the blockchain, then calculate gain/loss from there...
Edit: clarification
@_date: 2019-07-26 03:29:05
Can't use a "right now" kind of rebuttal, since you can't guarantee that fees will always be 1sat/byte, and even if they were, as the price of a sat goes up, transactions can only get so small... So, it could still cost more.
@_date: 2019-07-27 04:06:26
Changed to be more crypto friendly, in whatever way you see fit. If 2 people support crypto, but one wants it treated like a foreign currency, and the other wants it completely ignored for transactions under $10k, then you get to choose between the two which you support more. Who you provide support for will depend on your use case.
@_date: 2019-07-19 02:13:38
So, you got a bunch of lucky geeks who get filthy rich and then... Become the 1%ers... Nothing changes. Also, even if a 1%er waited until the last minute to buy BTC, they'd still retain a significant portion of their purchasing power compared to the number of people who could have gotten into BTC before them. The guy living on minimum wage isn't going to accumulatr more BTC than a 1%er ever will. If they ever did, they're significantly more likely to throw it away and waste it rather than make smart investments and build their wealth. Wealthy people are (usually) wealthy for a reason. They know how to make money. Poor people are (again, we're talking statistics here) poor because they don't have the resources to do that.
@_date: 2019-07-29 03:16:21
Not quite how that works... Wallets are transparent as far as the IRS is concerned...
@_date: 2019-07-23 10:39:16
Actually, just heard something on the tv that made me think. Drug paraphanelia is illegal, even though the stuff, in and of itself, has no relation to drugs, in so far as its what's commonly used to do drugs. It's illegal by association. I understand this side steps the "free speech" aspect of your argument, but what are your thoughts on illegal by association to criminals?
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:08:01
Interesting. Wonder how I managed to get 24 words myself then...
Appreciate the info on the coldcard. That's been my biggest pain with the Model T, and the reason it sits in the safe unused. I'll have to actually pick one up now. Thanks!
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:35:43
I believe 15% is short term. I pay 0% long term (anything held over a year). If you are in the lowest income bracket, you can resize capital gains federal tax free (long term) up to that limit. For example, if the limit is $75k/year, and you earn $50k, and throw $5k into a Traditonal IRA, you can realize (75-50-5)=$30k in capital gains without a penny owed federally (still owe state taxes though). Use this to raise your cost basis each year, and soon you'll have $50k cost basis coins when you bought them for $100 (and you'd have paid no federal taxes on them).
And yes, you do have to sell more BTC than desired to account for the tax burden of selling the BTC in the first place...
@_date: 2019-07-27 02:54:42
Appreciate your input on the wash sales. My attorney recommended I avoid it if possible, as it just looks suspicious. You may be right that it's technically legally perfectly fine.
I, and attorney, both agree with your income assessment, however, there is a slight distinction. If I get crypto on the 5th, but due to network volume or exchange outages, if I can show that I'm trying to liquidate, but don't actually get to sell until the 6th or 7th, that is the income I would claim. There was no way for me to reasonably realize any income/benefit from my coins any sooner, so that's the earliest it could be done. Similarly, when BSV split off without replay protection, I wasn't able to securely sell and resize gains until a method was put in place for me to split my coins. That's the moment I claimed income, as it became feasible to claim them. Same if you had coins on an exchange that took a while to provide access. If you can't actually use/spend them, then you haven't actually gotten them.
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:38:50
Appreciate you pointing that out. I did mean proof of work. I've edited the post to clarify.
The point I was going for was the economical theory that goods derive their peice from the price of the materials required to create them (energy + ASICs in, Bitcoin out). If USD is created by flipping some bits (despite technically requiring *some* energy), it's essentially a 0 supply cost good, and therefore a 0 value good.
@_date: 2019-07-29 03:30:09
"Price" is determined by fair market value. If someone gives you a "$2" car, you can't just claim its value is $2. It has a fair market value that it will be assessed at. Same logic applies to anything. You sold the $17,500 market value painting, but only got $2 for it? Sounds like you did a bad trade, but your "sale price"/cost basis is calculated off lf the fair market value of $17,500. In that scenario, you end up paying more in taxes than you got for the item.
@_date: 2019-07-04 07:56:52
You do realize that laws are written to be all inclusive and are usually intentionally vague so as to capture future developments within their umbrella right?
So, "Bitcoin" would actually be written into the law as "a virtual or digital currency, asset, or similar, with transactions or information propagated and validated by a network of computers or processors such that a distributed ledger of transactions is recorded and stored amongst a group of participants" or some other vaguely worded BS that *WILL* contain all forms of crypto. You can't just change the name and assume troll face.
@_date: 2019-07-19 11:05:25
Profit is profit, is it not? It doesn't matter how active you have to be to determine wether or not you think it's acceptable to keep. If someone invests in the stock market, they're taking a risk. To offset this risk, they're looking for a gain. No gain = no risk = no investment. Without investment, companies can't expand to quickly get over new hurdles to increase their profits. They take on the risk of loans to create more profit, at the expense of interest, and at the risk of bankruptcy. Lenders take on the risk of defaults, at the benefit of interest. The only thing that breaks this cycle is fractional reserve lending. When you can loan money you don't have, especially when you're backed by an organization (fed reserve) designed to ruduce the extremely high risk of losing more than you can afford to lose. You then end up with very little perceived risk with very high actual risk.
If you think investments are going away just because we use BTC instead of USD, I don't know what to tell you... Things aren't going to drastically change just because we change which denomination we're using. Financial investments will continue to exist and thrive, as will banks &amp; banking services. They'll just adapt to the new system.
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:17:12
I won't deny that I'm an asshole, but I see health as an investment. If you don't invest in it (or you make a shitty investment), you shouldn't be subsidized. This doesn't mean no treatment, but certainly you should pay higher health/life premiums if you're 400lbs than if you're 150-200lbs. There are extremely few medical reasons why someone is that heavy, most people just don't care.
@_date: 2019-07-21 14:16:49
They're useful for spending secure funds. Keep your seeds offline, and when you want to spend some, plug in the seed, spend, then erase device. All hacks I've seen require physical access to the device, so as long as you control that, you should be good.
@_date: 2019-07-09 03:01:20
I never said healthcare should or needs to be expensive, so not sure where you get that from. I just think risky behavior deserves higher premiums, such as car insurance, or house insurance, or any other kind of insurance that exists.
How does not exercising make me fat? It doesn't. Over eating and unhealthy eating habits is what causes obesity. No one is forcing me to eat McDonald's 3 times a day every day for years on end. (Even then, you can maintain a healthy weight with proper food choices)
Insurance companies have their purpose. They bridge the gap between major unforeseen issues and the sheer statistics of how often they occur (hardly ever). You pay a company a little bit so that you have protection in the event of a catestrophic failure of some sort. There's no incentive for the company if they can't make a profit.
I'm not saying it can't be done, just that I don't want it. My premiums are low because of my life choices. If I have to subsidize someone who doesn't care about their health, my premiums go through the roof. That's not fair for something that is 99% of the time a *choice* to not take care of your health. If you don't care, you pay more. Incentivize people to be more proactive.
@_date: 2019-07-27 06:35:30
Ew. No one here is mentioning the biggest issue with paper wallets, which is that, at some point, you have to plug in your private key somewhere. Unless you plug it into a completely offline/air gapped system, it's immediately (potentially) compromised. They are the safest until you go to spend, and then they become a nightmare of complexity or are immediately compromised.
As others have said, spending once compromises your public key to quantum computer attacks, but plugging in your private key immediately compromises your entire balance (again, not including the effort of air gapped yadda yadda). Hardware wallets are the safest to spend from, since they isolate the keys during use.
@_date: 2019-07-14 07:52:20
This screams fraud/theft.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:28:05
One could argue that Bitcoin is well regulated from the sense that it's regulated by code. As long as you abide by those regulations, you operate on the main chain. Other than that (and it's kinda a stretch of the meaning), crypto is not stable compared to anything, and safe is likewise debatable. In the sense of "safe, stable and well regulated" Bitcoin is not safe in the slightest. Money gets lost, mistakes are made. Libra can just CTRL-Z any idiots throwing away their money, which is pretty (dumb) consumer safe.
@_date: 2019-07-27 03:00:00
Why would you assume that? I have no issue with using crypto because I have accurate logs of what I've done, whereas those who haven't paid taxes may struggle to "stay under the radar" to avoid detection. If Bitcoin moons, how is anyone going to buy a lambo if they're simultaneously hiding from the IRS?
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:13:43
Not quite the same scale... Try:
Turn every grain of sand on the Earth's surface into its own mini Earth. Then travel amongst every single one of those existing Earths and find 1 incredibly specific grain of sand.
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:29:26
It's incredibly the same. The collective set of all UTXOs represents a full pizza. You can (nearly) infinitely divide a pizza into every single particle, just as you can with Bitcoin. Once you do, further subdivision with physical objects becomes difficult/impossible, whereas digital representations are much more (although still technically not infinitely) divisible. There will ever only be 1 full pizza/21m Bitcoin in the UTXO set (give or take).
Having more divisibility means that more people can own some portion of a Bitcoin, but it doesn't increase the amount of full Bitcoin (1.00000000BTC) available in the UTXO set.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:44:53
Your 12/24 words are cross platform and will restore your addresses on any device/software that supports the BIP. You've lost nothing, although you may need to change your "derivation paths".
@_date: 2019-07-27 06:44:13
Can you prove that? Did you file a police report about your lost/stolen property? Nothing? Well, guess you can't write it off on your taxes. Do you have any more? No? Hmm, here, sign this paper asserting that you are currently not in possession of any crypto and that all of it was completely lost. Oh hey, looks like we found out you made an Amazon purchase with crypto a couple months later, from an address that was 1 year old. Looks like you did have crypto, and committed tax fraud.
Seriously, the 10-15% taxes aren't worth the massive fines, misdemeanors, etc... This whole "let's evade taxes" bullshit is only going to cause the IRS to target is more... (Not saying that you're saying that, just the mentality of much of this sub)
@_date: 2019-07-09 14:19:40
I'm sorry to hear that. As long as they have taken care of themselves, I believe they should have a much lower premium which should make insurance more affordable than those who refuse to take care of themselves. It's the whole reap what you sow kind of mentality. You shouldn't have to suffer for circumstances outside your control, but individual choices should come back to bite people in the ass if they're really stupid choices.
@_date: 2019-07-19 02:01:17
You can find a pattern of similarities in just about everything when you skew the graphs enough.
@_date: 2019-07-30 03:20:18
My recommendation (just to pile more you have to research onto learning about Bitcoin, sorry) is to look into Tails. It's a lightweight and secure bootable environment/OS that you can load onto a flash drive and boot any PC from. This means that regardless of what infections are on the PC (as long as you don't plug the USB in while the computer is on), you should be booting into a secure environment. You can then encrypt a portion of the flash drive and store your keys there (I believe it's called "Persistent Volume" or something to that effect). This is the method I used to recover a handful of old school paper wallets and securely transfer them to my hardware wallets. You should be able to go from zero to operational in ~6 hours (most of this time is learning, practice &amp; experimentation - if you know what you're doing, it takes all of 2 minutes to install Tails &amp; create the encrypted partition). It's Linux based, so having a familiarity with that helps, but it's not required.
Only hiccup you'll run into is that you'll need to download the latest electrum version from the website and save it in your persistent data storage. Other than that, it's defiantly worth looking into if you don't have a hardware wallet. This, coupled with a phone wallet for daily spending, gives you a pretty decent security basis.
@_date: 2019-07-27 16:01:45
Yes, I do believe that there will come a day where Bitcoin suddenly becomes money. However, perception has nothing to do with this. You can perceive Bitcoin as money all you want, but that doesn't change the fact it's legally property. Once the law changes, it becomes currency, regardless of anyone's perspective.
Do you not own your social security number? Is using someone else's social allowed because it's just a number? No. It's more than just a number, as it's a number that had additional properties. In the SSN example, that additional peppery is identity, and in Bitcoin's case, that property is transfer of UTXOs. That property of being able to transfer a UTXO to someone else for something of value is what the government is faking ownership.
I agree with the last half of your post. Fight for change. But don't break the law in the meantime. Those who support the archaic system should realize that people are no longer supporting them. They'll either change or get kicked out.
@_date: 2019-07-06 22:43:05
Sure, but "high participation" doesn't exclude those participants from other types of participation. I'd argue that same algorithm coins will die out (BCH/BSV), but I don't see why LTC or ETH can't coexist for other purposes...
@_date: 2019-07-10 18:36:26
"There is no reason to pay taxes" seems like you're advocating for people to not pay taxes. Regardless of country, following the laws is usually a good idea, regardless of how shitty they are. Obviously everyone does make their own decisions, and there are opportunity costs for different laws, but taxes tend to have among the lowest opportunity costs (as appose to something like lying about being gay so you aren't stoned to death).
Voting has worked, over time. It's a slow process, but it's the right way to do it.
@_date: 2019-07-21 14:55:51
Great response, but I'm a little dubious on the "it's just text bro" holding up. Perhaps you're right, but I certainly hope we never find out.
I think you brining up the "the people disliked the hoarders and wanted a 'fair'" system type of message may hold true for Bitcoin. If we experience some hyper inflation, and the masses see us early hodlers, what's to stop the vast majority from voting something similar. Sure, you could fight it, but they'll probably make an example of someone, drag it out while they await trial, etc etc. making it more of a pain than its worth.
The point is we really don't know. The precedent that's been set is that the government has seized property before, and if Bitcoin is property, it could (in theory) be done again. I really hope we never have to test these waters, but it isn't off the table yet.
Edit: wasn't there a lot of commotion about banning "flags" who's colors corresponded to BluRay decryption schemes or something? I know it wasn't written into law, but I thought many sites were hit under some type of copyright infringement or something and forced to take them down...
@_date: 2019-07-30 03:23:37
I kinda feel like those people who loved their typewriters, but watched people buy computers everywhere and be like "but typing with this feels amazing, I wouldn't ever need one of *those*", but for the time being, it offers a lot of the raw control that many wallets try to simplify for users in a way I don't support. So it's my go-to for at least a while longer still.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:41:30
Why stop at not paying taxes on crypto? Why not avoid taxes on other assets as well? Why not avoid taxes on income?
@_date: 2019-07-27 03:38:38
Agreed. That, and the fact that I'm garbage at trading, is why I also avoid trading.
@_date: 2019-07-27 02:42:22
That's a fair point. Most people miss the fact that because corporations are larger and more widely (typically) diversified, they can get away without paying a lot in taxes because they realize loses to offset gains, which can be done at smaller scales, but people don't.
@_date: 2019-07-04 13:55:38
They're broadly written and selectively enforced. Just because the law says "digital currencies are illegal" doesn't mean they'll persue and shutdown PayPal. They *may* be able to, but that doesn't mean they will. Conversely, if you started a new digital bank, they may persue charges against you in order to keep you out. That seems pretty "effective" (the the point of abuse) to me... It's a nightmare for the end user, sure, but from an enforcement perspective, you couldn't ask for "better" laws.
Out of curiosity, what kind of "bank account database" or "invoice settlement network" are you thinking of that fits the above description? I can't particularly think of any existing technology that uses what I've described outside cryptocurrencies, but I'm probably missing something.
I'm not quite sure what GIGO is, so I can't comment on that.
@_date: 2019-07-09 18:56:39
I proposed with a hand baked pretzel ring custom fitted to her size, using Hershy chocolate chips as the "diamond", using the melted chocolate as glue. I got her a $20 silver band off a website to have something that lasts. Stuck both inside one of those pokeball Keychain things, with a custom built ring holder. She said yes, tried on the ring, admired it, then promptly ate it without taking a picture... It hadn't even been 10 minutes... Been together 10+ years, so it's working out. =D total spent was probably $50 for everything.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:27:38
As I said, I don't expect you to change the mind of the person you're arguing with, but you will from the casual viewer. In this argument between you and cedricthe, I feel like he is the more sensible one. He's not the one being super inflammatory, while you are. You didn't provide any information, like in my post, and you sound like you've just completely lost your shit... Doesn't much matter what you say next, you've already lost the argument. No need to drop to that level.
@_date: 2019-07-04 08:10:46
Most of these answers here completely miss OPs question. OP isn't asking if governments can stop Bitcoin, but if they can outlaw/ban it.
The answer is yes. A resounding yes. It's been done.
Does it have an effect on Bitcoin? Yes, but it's severity will depend on how many countries and where our adoption level is at.
If all major world governments simultaneously banned Bitcoin, it's value would plummet. It would be nearly worthless as it becomes insanely difficult to convert from crypto to fiat. This is not to say that it will die, because there will certainly be full nodes running and miners hiding their activity. However, just as has been done in the past trying to find pot growing farms, police will look for high electrical usage and investigate to see who's crypto mining.
This all said, there's no reason to give for why they won't. We like to think in the US that the government supports freedom, but gold was confiscated for fiat to be issued, destroying any hedge (and freedom) of users. The same could happen with Bitcoin. Other governments don't have the same kinds of freedom restrictions as the US, so they'll be the first ones to fall. What's stopping governments currently is that those who are interested are providing information about crypto, trying to teach legislators before they freak out and ban it out of fear.
I, personally, prefer to think of crypto as more of an asset than a currency. I'd prefer if the government treated it as an asset, and not a direct competitor to their own currency (even if some people treat it that way). I don't really want to draw more attention to the flaws in their system and how Bitcoin solves many of these (not perfectly, and not all of them, and it has its own drawbacks). I like the idea of Bitcoin quietly slipping under the radar and just kind of being the norm. Once it's big enough, there will be massive pushback against legislators to prevent any banning/outlawing.
@_date: 2019-07-04 13:21:21
Didn't miss the point. I know what point you're trying to make, and while I'll agree that we colloquially ask for the value of the euro, rather than the price of the euro, I believe that most people are looking for a valuation so that we can make a relative determination as to what the foreign currency is worth. Whether you say price or value is of little importance - you're trying to figure out its relative purchasing power. For Bitcoin, the trend seems to be "price".
@_date: 2019-07-23 00:02:59
You have to classify your incoming transactions as what they are. If you know them to all be buys, then they're buys, but if you have other wallets, then it could be transfers, or if you got paid, it's income.
Capital gains is the difference between the sale price and the buy price of the coin. If you cost average, your cost basis is continually changing. If you FIFO, you're selling your oldest coins at their individual cost basis. If you choose which specific coins to sell, then you're selling them at their specific cost basis.
Essentially, if you have 1 BTC you bought from someone for $100, and transfer it to Coinbase. If spot price is $10,200, but you only end up with $10k in your bank, then that's your sale price, for a capital gain of $9,900. Alternatively, you could have bought that 1 BTC directly from Coinbase and kept it on their platform this entire time. Doesn't really matter.
@_date: 2019-07-22 10:57:33
That's the one, thanks!
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:36:51
At that point, you pay USD income taxes on the value of the received crypto, and when you sell the crypto you earned to pay for those taxes in USD, you pay capital gains (or take losses) tax, so you gotta cash out enough the first time, else you're in a loop of continually cashing out to cover taxes for cashing out.
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:39:21
There's no shillin goin on. It's literally bad advice to tell people to break the law. This guy is telling people how to do it properly. Suck it up and deal with the shitty tax situation currently, then vote those into office that would favor and support crypto. That's the right way to do it, regardless of how you feel about the government. Advocating for tax evasion and breaking the law is dumb.
@_date: 2019-07-05 08:45:27
Hope they have a license to sell food, else the cops could shut them down, as we've seen a dozen times now...
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:36:44
Oh man, it's almost like there's something other than Bitcoin that has a widespread (and almost universal) understanding of its purchasing power against which all items are valued....
If Bitcoin replaces fiat, we'll get there. I don't particularly see that happening, and suspect you'll see 2 prices printed on everything. 1 is the fiat (in whatever format it comes in) and the other in Bitcoin, which is what many tourist towns do. They post local prices and USD or similar for tourists to get a quick understanding of the item's cost.
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:53:26
When so many advocate avoiding taxes here, it's no surprise that the IRS wants to find out those who are doing it... Taxes are dumb, sure, but that doesn't mean you don't gotta pay them. Suck it up, pay them, and vote someone into office who can make better tax laws.
@_date: 2019-07-22 10:44:47
Any exploits such as remote transaction sending with Ledger (difficult to execute but cool), or getting the Trezor to dump your seed phrase (just need physical access). There are a lot of cool talks about them, you should check them out.
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:33:48
Did they remove that functionality? Last I checked, it prompted you which you wanted to create. You can always ditch Live and use Electrum like I do.
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:28:54
This is dumb... Your premise is: I'm not going to keep buying an asset who's price continues to rise.
Why not? Why aren't you going to buy a $25k coin (even if it's only $100 worth) because it's going to be a $50k coin eventually (and hey, you could have doubled your money)?
This is the equivalent to saying "I earn too much on my savings account, so I keep all my money in a checking account."
@_date: 2019-07-27 14:03:15
Wow, you've made quite a few wrong assumptions.
First, if Bitcoin becomes money, it's no longer property, and therefore won't be taxed (outside income, sales, etc). So, no problem there. Right now, it's not money. I think we will eventually get there, but not anytime soon (think decade or more timeframe).
Second, working out taxes is what's currently required due to the government not really knowing how to treat bitcoin. If that requires you to lot 100 transactions a day, that's what you got to do. It them doesn't become worth it to use crypto for day to day purchases. The fiat system does have some advantages over Bitcoin, especially on the consumer side of things. I still prefer to pay with a credit card over Bitcoin, due to having recourse for seller issues, gettin rewards points, convenience, etc. On the receiving end, I prefer to take Bitcoin over fiat, due to h protections it offers me in that case.
Just because u acknowledge that something is law, doesn't mean that I support the law or think it's the right way to do things. That's absurd. It's the system within which we have to operate as members of a civilized society. If you don't agree with them, then vote in people to make changes that agree with your personal view and use of crypto. People are criminals because the benefit of being one outweighs the risk/cost of being one. If that equation holds true for you to not report your crypto, then go for it. I simply don't see why a little record keeping &amp; taxes here and there are so bad, especially when the risk is being caught for tax evasion, paying the taxes, and then fees in top of everything else. That's just me though. You do you.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:38:34
Mandatory devil's advocate: sure, but I bought those plane tickets for traveling to Europe once, 7 years ago. How much in total on chain fees are you paying when you add up a few bucks for *every* coffee and *every* burger?
Edit: /s - seems like way too many people are missing the sarcasm here... I thought it was pretty obvious with my hyperbolic example, but my DMs certainly suggest otherwise...
@_date: 2018-09-01 07:22:17
You do make excellent points, although my "longevity" comment extends beyond your long term memory. Let's say you die tonight, what happens to the $10 million in crypto that your brain was holding the keys to? How does your SO/next of kin get access? That's what I see as the main drawback of this. The only way to solve that is to teach them the mnemonic, but then you're now relying on them not stealing from you or leaking it themselves. That's the main drawback (from my perspective) of your method, although you've got security nailed down to the T.
For anyone seriously being specifically targeted, they'll find a way to get what you know, or you'll end up tortured/dead. The biggest concern is the opportunistic thieves and disasters (house burned down, you died, memory shot). Beating these is fairy easy without sacrificing too much security, but you do make yourself vulnerable to anyone serious. My thought is though, that anyone serious is going to get it or kill you either way, so it's a lose/lose regardless if you keep it ultra ultra secure or just really secure.
@_date: 2019-07-19 16:12:40
And? Doesn't change the fact that you can find similarities where none actually exist...
@_date: 2019-07-07 22:03:13
There are "off shore tax havens" but that's no different than the rules that everyone else follows. It's a technicality that profit is made in another country, etc, which allows this. The US can't tax non US citizens or businesses, but there's nothing stopping anyone else from doing the same...
Also, they pay all taxes they owe (according to the law). There are ways to reduce how much in taxes you owe, which aren't 1%er exclusives... Anyone can make use of them.
For instance, Google invests $20 million into a new project, which fails completely, so they write it off and save $5 million in taxes. At this point, a lot of people say "ha! You just admitted that they're not paying as much in taxes cuz they get to write it off! They should have to pay it anyway!" But what they don't realize is google is still losing $15 million dollars, and the economy was given $20 million in the form of wages &amp; goods procurement. To subsidize Google spending $20milliom on the economy, the government is "giving" Google $5 million. Without that $5 million, it becomes a lot harder to justify spending $20 million on a project that will probably fail. These numbers are all made up, but you should get the idea. The taxes these companies &amp; people don't pay are subsidies for much larger investments into the economy.
@_date: 2019-07-21 14:18:24
Store your words in a safe (and maybe a backup at a family member's place), preferably stamped/engraved in steel for durability. Don't go crazy. Use a passphrase to protect against seed leakage.
@_date: 2018-09-02 09:35:30
Consulting with a tax attorney to amend my last 5 years of taxes thanks to crypto: hard forks are classified as income. The exact date/price has some leeway, like if the fork occurs, but no exchanges support it, then it's reasonable to say you couldn't have cashed them out. Or if the coins were on an exchange that added support long after the fork, like Coinbase. Here's to hoping I don't get audited, but if I do, I've got every blockchain transaction saved, so they can go to town on that.
And you're right about trading. Each event counts as a sale (to USD) and repurchase of a different property asset. Really shitty to be honest. Buys &amp; sells of the same asset can get fancy with which method you use: FIFO, cost average, specific coins, and as long as you're consistent, you're good.
@_date: 2018-09-02 18:13:10
Yeah. My thought was that going forward, I'd rather bite the bullet now with some back taxes owed rather than waiting until I'm selling lambo amounts of BTC on an exchange and have them get extra upset. I figure if I volunteer to correct it, it'll show I made an effort and potentially reduce my risks of audit, or during the audit, it'll be faster/easier. It also means that I don't have to deal with reporting capital gains on assets I never claimed income on. So now, I just claim long term capital gains for any coins I sell moving forward. It sucks, but at least I'm in the clear.
What would really suck is if Bitcoin crashed, cuz then I'd have ended up paying taxes on negative property. Thankfully that's unlikely, but you never know.
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:35:19
Unless he converts the BTC to XMR, lol.
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:24:16
I do believe that "legacy" includes the wrapped SegWit (addresses starting with 3), while "SegWit" is the native SegWit (BC1). I've currently got mine stored on a legacy (3 address) due to compatibility reasons. There are still wallets &amp; explorers that don't support native SegWit, and I'd rather pay a hair more on a transaction than to not be able to send somewhere because they don't support native. It's becoming less of an issue day by day, made more sense in the past, but eventually I'll switch over...
Edit: another commentator said the "SegWit" ones are non native. I can't currently confirm that, but if that's the case, then that's what I'm using. All rusting wallets can interact with the 3 addresses, but not all can for BC1.
@_date: 2019-07-21 13:57:54
The halvening does nothing to the price. The market reacting to (and anticipating) the sudden decrease in supply has historically shown to drive additional demand up, therefore increasing the price. When the coin is in perfect price stasis, that means supply = demand. If you cut supply in half, then demand now out weighs supply, and the price should rise.
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:58:52
Yep. Get yourself setup with Tails and Electrum. Generate &amp; safely store a backup of your seed phrase (my favorite method is engraving/stamping into a metal plate), and then write down your public address. If you're only using 1 exchange, there's no need to deal with multiple addresses and coin control or any other BS. Just send all your funds to that single address as you get them.
The only downside to this method is you'll have 1 address with lots of UTXOs that'll need to be consolidated into your spend transaction. This means a higher than normal fee, but you'll never have to break out the Tails OS. On the flip side, you can export your xpub and import that into any regular desktop to monitor your balance &amp; generate new addresses. The downside to this is that anyone with access to your xpub can see all your current &amp; future addresses (not spend from them, just see them). This becomes a potential privacy leak. Either way, the exchange knows who you are and can track every one of your addresses, so using a single address for a single exchange doesn't cost you anonymity. It's really all down to personal preference. I used to use a single address till I hit some threshold (say 0.1 BTC), then switch &amp; repeat.
@_date: 2018-08-30 18:37:56
You enjoy the default 12 words? Care to explain why that's positive?
Is the nano S not open source?
@_date: 2018-08-31 05:08:01
Wasn't aware of that, will have to look into it further.
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:37:09
My long term memory is shit, and I wouldn't trust it to safely hold a full mnemonic potentially holding millions of dollars. If yours is better, more power to you, and I hope you keep it as you age.
My issue with the old trezor was that you did the inputs on a computer. The use of 24 words made it secure (since it's random, it's more secure than my encoding algorithm), but I still greatly disliked having to use the computer at all. That's why I waited for the model T.
I'll agree that your methodology has more inherit security. A fool would only think otherwise, but I cringe at the lack of longevity your method has, and that's an unacceptable risk for me, personally. Encryption is neat in that it can be layered and combined in various ways with various methods in order to suit the application/preferences of the user best. This allows us to each select our encryption that suits our needs - you've found yours and I've got mine. Neither is strictly wrong - they're just shifting parameters and making trade offs.
@_date: 2018-08-31 05:26:00
This is the method I use. Just complex enough to prevent anyone guessing it (or common patterns such as every other, etc), and just simple enough to remember.
You can combine this with other methods like M of N, meaning that any relatives who hold it hostage should be able to be bypassed.
With the "reconstruct your word seed, (should you forget)", you don't. That's the point. If you could, then anyone could. Take the responsibility to find ways to secure it via layers if necessary (like using last pass to store the encryption password as the password of a random website). More layers increases security but also increases risk of failure. It's up to you to decide where to compromise. Mine is having a couple full copies of the encrypted pattern scattered in remote locations. Any couple go down, I'm still good.
@_date: 2018-08-30 15:25:58
The Model T allows entry of the words on the device itself. But it's double the price of the ledger nano S, and you can't do anything at all on it without the software interface, unlike the nano S, where you can setup the device at a minimum (although you can't install apps). Neither is perfect.
@_date: 2018-08-13 07:51:51
Got a notification they are shipped. Should be here by end of week this, though it'll be mid the following week till I get time off work to roam around.
@_date: 2018-08-09 02:31:00
Reddit is being weird, although that could be user error. I'm not seeing an option for how to PM you, and the New Reddit won't actually keep me logged in. Repeatedly says "you're already logged in... jk, please log in"
is my address, unless someone else has claimed it first... I did get a confirmation email that said that "We work in conjunction with Printful for fulfillment. Because of this, orders take a little longer to process. We estimate the order to be done between August 10th and August 17th. After that, it will ship USPS First Class..." So, I'm guessing I'll have these in 2 weeks (on my days off) 22nd or 23rd.
I tried to get my wife to get a pair, but... she was less than thrilled at the idea. I picked up a Large as a 6' 1.5", 190lb guy. Should be close according to their suggested Waist measurements, but I'm sure they'll ride a little high in length. Either way, should be entertaining.
@_date: 2018-08-09 07:49:47
That's more than fair. When I get it, I'll get some pictures taken and make a post with the luls. Feel free to hold off till I deliver.
I'm plannin on spending a good portion of the day walkin around town - not really a night person, but should be fun none the less. I picked up a Bitcoin tie not too long ago for a wedding (that I was banned from wearing by the groom), so I may take that for a spin too.
@_date: 2018-08-30 21:00:13
So you're just interested in the shortness of it?
I prefer the 24 so that it's not bruteforceable given the words in a random order, but that's personal preference and adds another layer of security/failure.
@_date: 2018-08-30 22:34:31
Sorry, thinking ahead of my fingers. It is bruteforceable knowing which 12 words you're working with, since that's only 12! attempts (4.8e8), whereas having 24 known words creates 24! possibilities (6.2e23), which is stupidly high. I prefer to use 24 because of the added security of having the 24 in a random order, meaning I could show you my stamped wallet and still know you're never going to figure out the correct order of the 24 words. The same cannot be said of the 12.
What you're hinting at, the underlying cryptographic security, of both are stupidly high and can't be brute forced. My statement was merely about having the used words known. 24 in random order adds a security layer, but also adds a point of failure at the same time. As a use case, I can give all my relatives my 24 word wallet and don't have to worry about them being able to steal my coins, and if I need to recover my wallet, I can have them take a picture and send it to me, rather than having to meet them in person (which is nice, since we're 20+ driving hours away).
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:28:51
I get where you're coming from, and have acknowledged the security trade off that I feel is acceptable. I'm very familiar with mnemonics (I've got 2200 of them memorized for studying Japanese kanji).
If you can remember your 12 word mnemonic that potentially secures millions of dollars worth of crypto, more power to you. My 90-95% retention rate on my mnemonics in my studies confirms I shouldn't risk any significant amount to pure memory. That's an unacceptable risk, not to mention it makes it impossible to pass over to anyone outside yourself. The seriousness with which many people (including myself from time to time) take security is absurdly overdone. The honest truth is that if someone really wants your shit, they already have it, or won't have any issue getting it. The most security you need to provide is to prevent the casual passerby thief from their crime of opportunity. This level varies from person to person, so the more, the better, but then you got to consider when to start compromising in areas like longevity, securedness, ease of use, sharing, etc.
I've chosen my level of comfort, and you've chosen yours. I was just curious as to your line of thinking on preceding shorter passphrases, and now it makes sense. To each their own.
@_date: 2018-08-08 20:51:40
Purchased, will have next week. Should be able to get out to downtown Denver. Website freaked, but I took screenshots and left address so anyone could verify confirmations.
@_date: 2019-03-06 00:33:25
Keep a dozen or two wallets. Super easy to do and only keep tiny amounts in each wallet at a time. Couple this with mixing services and you're golden.
@_date: 2019-03-26 17:25:15
The one-sided-ness of each of these forums is absurd. Both discuss the other and how the other is wrong, both discuss new adoption trends, and both discuss new development work (and why the other's developments are dumb). I periodically peruse both forums, tending to stay down the middle on all issues with the exception of those who blatantly promote Bitcoin Cash as Bitcoin (but not those that claim it's the "true vision" as that's just an idea we can have different opinions on). That said, OP has exaggerated the frequency of topics where Bitcoin Cash is blatantly misrepresented as Bitocoin. Sure, it happens, and you'll probably find comments periodically about it, but you'll find just as many Bitcoin maximalists in this forum who consider all other cryptos are shit coins. Mind you, one is deceitful while the other ignorant, but the ratios, I'd suspect, are about the same.
All that said, there are those that feel like they have to justify their support of the inferior chain (not necessarily in quality, but in PoW). This required justification can push those that are on the fence about their verbal support to do so.
Overall, OP insinuates that the entirety of r/btc is complete garbage scammers (or a significant number anyway), and I don't believe that to be the case. I think a majority there believe in what Bitcoin Cash is trying to accomplish and are simply trying to compete in the crypto currency market by advertising that Bitcoin Cash is better than Bitcoin, and thus worth more. There are a few that try to scam, but OP has blown that appearance out of proportion. Both sides blow each other out of proportion, and it's not necessary. Let the best ideas win in a free marketplace of ideas, no need for the unnecessary hate (obviously scams should be called out, but listing Bitcoin Cash before/higher than Bitcoin doesn't amount to a scam).
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:27:43
I've used it for years, but only as the "seller". It's worked well for the time I've used it, never had any major issues, and any that came up were dealt with withinf 48 hours. Never got scammed, despite the rampant credit card fraud for a while (they've worked through those issues to some degree). I've never had an issue with the "buyers" getting their BTC, and the one time I failed to confirm within a reasonable time (I was out of town and didn't remember I ordered something), the mods released my finds within 36 hours of delivery. Thankfully the item was there, although the one time I did have an item delivery failure, everything was handled by purse and I got a replacement item shipped by amazon.
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:17:10
So, you're saying... 20k+ confirmed? Next month? This week? 5 minutes?!?
@_date: 2019-03-18 06:39:57
And 1 USD = 1 USD... Same today as it was in 2009.
This is retarded thinking. You don't measure something in the amount of the something you have, as that will never change. You measure it's purchasing power. BTC's purchasing power is higher this year than in 2009, and it's highly volatile (compared to most assets) year to year, month to month, day to day.
@_date: 2019-03-10 15:01:55
I was replying to the comment of "I can get my money back". Whatever method they choose to use is reversible, which is why I'd prefer BTC rather than another system I'm unfamiliar with that could be reversible.
@_date: 2019-03-28 07:39:37
I believe everyone got one (or at least any of the earliest buyers). I picked up an X to play around with it when it was announced. I got a free offer of an S when the X is shipped.
@_date: 2019-03-10 22:19:45
If it involves using the computer, it's no better than typing it out in my opinion. All you need is compromised software to ask for your seed in a known order and as long as you're plugging that seed into a computer, it's not great. I don't have the Trezor One, so I don't know exactly how the advanced recover works, but it still sounds like you need some sort of computer input.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:38:21
I think OPs point was about the fiat system itself, not things that operate within or with it. What you listed were companies, which do have value in what you described perfectly: assets, people, peoducts, IPs.
However, the easiest way to value these is via the fiat system (a share of Apple is $X). If the fiat system collapsed, and people moved to gold coins, nothing about Apple changed. A share of Apple is worth Y gold coins. This means Apple is explicitly not the "fiat system". USD *is* the fiat system.
Good points though.
@_date: 2019-03-18 02:16:59
That's a shit load in bonds... Unless you're close to retirement or need the guaranteed income, that's horrible long term investment... Then again, so was Bitcoin... But it's hard to argue with 200,000% returns so far.
@_date: 2019-03-31 04:20:59
Why do you divide the price with an increasingly larger number of users? If you're trying to show how much BTC there is to go around over entire population swathes, then you need to reflect its price by the value it's offsetting. If 100% of the population were using Bitcoin, then (a portion of) 100% the entire world's currency purchasing power should be divided across the number of Bitcoin. It won't actually be 100%, as there will always be "fake" currency floating around, but that would certainly reflect better on your argument than the garbage, meaningless peice you used.
As far as divisibility goes, multiply all those numbers by by 100 million and list it in satoshis... And if Bitcoin were 1 million dollars each, that would give every user $2.7k. When you consider the number of people who have less than this, it isn't far off from our current position. If Bitcoin were 10 million, that would be $27k per person, which would make the entire world the wealthiest it's ever been (as a whole). The poorest half of the planet has so infantecimaly small a portion of the wealth, that it drags down the global averages to look like garbage. With a modest price and plenty of divisibility (capable of increasing in the future), there is no issue.
@_date: 2019-03-10 14:54:56
When it was transferred, it's counted as a sale. If I gave you 1 BTC (in whatever method), then I spent 1 BTC and have to calculate my gains/losses as applicable.
@_date: 2019-03-10 15:00:50
The likelihood of typing he wrong BTC address is astronomical. I'd draft up the bill of sale indicating the from &amp; to address. If I were selling something of significant value (&gt;$50k), I'd also ask for a signature blob to prove ownership. That way everything is written down and secure so if there's an issue, we can see on the blockchain that the payment has been made. There wouldn't be anonymity because I have to put a real name down on the title paperwork, and I'd include the BTC address as proof to our agreement before the money moved in the first place.
@_date: 2019-03-25 16:40:43
5 years from now, your 1 USD will be $1.05 (assuming ~1% interest rate), but will have the purchasing power of $0.85. 1 USD still equals 1 USD, it's purchasing power has changed though.
This is the whole point in why the claim 1 BTC = 1 BTC is a stupid argument, so thanks for helping me make that point.
1 of something will (usually) always be 1 of that something. What that something can get you changes over time, and that's a more important metric than how many of those somethings you own.
@_date: 2019-03-13 12:48:06
Well, I stand corrected... That shit is absurd...
@_date: 2019-03-27 06:11:36
Lightning is a protocol in development, not an individual implementation of a well established set of features. That's literally an apples to cars comparison - they aren't even both fruit.
@_date: 2019-03-17 17:56:50
Fair point on "in the current fiat system". I missed that exact verbiage.
However, the USD won't be collapsing overnight, and trying to use that as the counter argument is a little farfetched. I'd agree that if the USD started collapsing, it would take many US companies with it, but since it's a fairy slow process (all things considered), there would be a point in time that people would start to turn to alternative forms of wealth storage. While you may not be able to buy Apple stocks from Vanguard with some type of gold certificate, there will be a market for buying/selling stocks in other currencies than USD. If that's crypto, cool, but I would happen regardless. Apple itself would decrease significantly in value, but if they moved their HQ over seas and continued production/development, then it would still have some sort of value as a company as a whole.
I don't agree with the network effect, for the same reasons you don't, no argument here.
Overall, it's a highly intricate and complicated rat's nest of intertwined connections. If the USD starts to fail, we should see many people moving away from the USD in general (ignoring the entire collapse of the world's economy). Even with hyperinflation, there's usually a running up process where people can see it coming - nothing happens overnight. Either way, overnight or gradual death, it would be fairly catestrophic for the USD to collapse, especially it being the world reserve currency. If we switch out of USD into something else, the severity (to the world) will decrease to some degree, but it's gonna be a blood bath either way. Massive losses of wealth for everyone. No one in their right mind wants this.
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:33:16
You should be able to count it as capital loss, since you purchased a product that was never delivered and you've hence lost your capital (net asset value decreased). Whatever the value of the BTC when spent is what you'd want to create a police report about. You made a purchase and it turned out to be a fraud. Write that sucka off (or try to).
@_date: 2019-03-03 19:16:55
12 seed is good enough assuming no one gets hold of your backup phrase. I, personally, prefer to use 24, because it stays secure even if I showed you all 24 of my words. The number of guesses you'd have to make to rearrange the 24 words correctly is astronomical compared to the number of tries to rearrange the 12 words. Certain devices will ask for you to type your seed words in a random order for them to provide an extra layer of security (like the original trezor), and only a 24 word seed will keep its security while doing this. Outside of showing your words to someone, both methods are cryptographically secure (as are the rarer 18 word variants).
Otherwise, electrum isn't a cold storage solution. You could use it, but you'd be better off using a hardware wallet for cold storage... Ideally, you'll put electrum on a computer that's completely offline, use it to generate your keys, write the private key down and a couple of public addresses, then wipe the offline computer to ensure no trace of the generation remains. There are easier ways to do this an electrum, but that is an option. If you ever wanted to actually spend your coins, you'd have to either use an offline computer that's air gapped, or turn your cold storage into a hot wallet (or use a hardware device that does both).
If you're going to use electrum as a hot wallet, you'll certainly want to encrypt it, else any malware could easily steal your keys.
@_date: 2019-03-10 00:46:52
I have 3 Nano S (with an X on preorder to play around with), and a Model T. I intentionally skipped the Trezor One because you have to type in your seed words using a computer (in random order, but still). I highly prefer the Nano S, despite the more burdened input method. The 25th passphrase ability on both devices is awesome, but the fact that the Model T remembers your currently used passphrase kills me. The Nano S reverts to a known state every time it's unplugged. If you have your bait wallet (the one you'd surrender at gunpoint) on your base seed, and have to use the passphrase feature to unlock your real wallet, with the Model T, you have to manually remove the passphrase to return the wallet to the bait wallet. With the Nano S, you just unplug it.
The apps are a non issue for me, since I don't deal with shitcoins, but can be annoying for someone who regularly moves multiple coins around. As said elsewhere, you can only have a handful of the coin apps loaded at once, so you'd have to constantly reload the apps to use the coins. If you only have a handful of coins, you're fine. I believe I have 5-6 coins in total, but I only have the Bitcoin app loaded. If I ever need to move the others, I'll go out of my way to load them up. For now, they're in cold storage.
I have both for redundancy, but I'll ever probably only use my Nano (with electrum). They're both great, but the Nano S, for its price and features, is probably the better investment (or at least what should be your first investment, and then expand later).
@_date: 2019-03-31 04:09:22
There are multiple kinds of inflation at work. The monetary supply itself is inflating, due to printing. The more dolla bills there are, the less they're worth overall.
The Fed targets a 2% consumer inflation, which means that the price of common foods and services gradually rise over time. This is where it costs $5 for what used to be a $4 burger. It should be noted that this isn't due to "intermediary companies wanting more profits" though. It's because raw goods and materials cost more. If a middleman is making a lot of profit, competition will drive them down, but if the entire industry of beef patty suppliers increase their price by $1 a patty, that causes the $5 burger. This is controlled via lending rates to encourage/discourage corporation spending/expansion/etc. This is stupidly complex, and I've highly over simplified it here.
There also fractional reserve lending inflation, which is the equivalent of printing more money, without actually printing more money.
Just increasing prices to make more money has nothing at all to do with inflation, and in a free market, competition will drive down the prices.
Care to explain what the "Bitcoin argument" is? The only one I'm familiar with that's related is its finite supply, which eliminates inflation type 1 above. Type 2 could (in theory) still occurr if the correct variables are controlled. Type 3 will happen, but it'll be chaotic and hellish for Bitcoin and cryptos in general. Once the first major bank fails due to a bank run, there's no bailing them out, and hopefully laws get tightened around fractional reserve lending. Time will only tell.
@_date: 2019-03-09 17:49:26
You could run multiple instances connected through various VPNs so that you can provide connectivity to someone who might not be allowed to access IPs from certain countries. You'll just need to get a VPN that allows port forwarding so you can get incoming connections.
@_date: 2019-03-07 13:41:19
That's why I wouldn't want to be on the receiving end of your transaction... Bitcoin or no thanks. I don't want a system that allows the buyer to decide randomly they want their money back and then I have to spend my time to fight it (and potentially lose).
@_date: 2019-11-10 18:34:09
So, if the consensus is to downvote those posts into oblivion, then consensus says that those posts arent allowed. If, instead, people upvote it (as they do), then consensus says they should be allowed. Seems like the community is more than capable of coming to consensus itself.
@_date: 2019-03-18 02:09:37
Right... So your comment about requiring hoops to get it setup with Electrum should say "setup with Electrum running off your own private server". You make it sound more complicated than the plug and play it is, which could seriously turn off people from trying to dip their toes in hardware wallets. That was actually one of the primary features I was looking for in a hardware wallet to get family. If I stumbled across this post in my searches, I'd turn down the Ledger because it "requires" some extra setup which I know my computer illiterate family couldn't handle. That's not the truth. It's literally plug and play to setup with electrum. It's only convoluted when you add in EPS. That's a clear distinction that should be made for new users. They have nothing to be overwhelmed by.
@_date: 2019-11-03 04:58:13
I honestly dont see that happening anytime, ever. The banks will adapt and change with the technology, but theyll continue to be banks, offering the same (or similar/modified) banking services. Any opportunity they get to fill some financial niche, theyll fill.
@_date: 2019-03-02 23:04:08
The software does prevent malicious connects when it detects them doing something malicious. It seems that their behavior, while odd, isn't malicious. You can just ban their IP address to prevent the connection, but you should have way more than 9 connections. Last I checked my node I saw 20+ on my open one, and ~10 on my closed ones (the 8 default + 2 loop backs to my other nodes). If you only have those connections, then you're not receiving connections, and it's your client that decided to only contact those 2 IP addresses. As for why? I'm not sure, but banning the IPs is the easiest fix for that. If necessary, stick them in your hosts table so you never connect to them again.
@_date: 2019-03-24 18:33:38
So, you're not in the camp of people complaining about the decline in the value of the USD? Cuz 1 USD = 1 USD... You just don't get shit for it these days...
If so, I have a couple pebbles I'll trade you for some of that fiat, which'll last the lifetime of the universe. If 1 pebble = 1 pebble, then why isn't there value in those?
@_date: 2019-03-02 00:34:29
Right, but who's the judge of that? Who gets to determine if it's a scam or not? If you nominate someone, then what's to stop them from claiming Bitcoin is a scam too? If it's popular vote, the it's susceptible to manipulation... If it's the open market (arguably a "popular vote" of sorts), then shitty coins will fade off and people will learn (and lose). I'm of the opinion that they should all be allowed, and let idiots lose their money.
@_date: 2019-03-13 12:49:20
I hope so, I really do, but I don't think it'll happen that way... Not initially...
@_date: 2019-03-28 07:48:41
1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin is like saying 1 USD = 1 USD... From the 1950s to today, 1 USD = 1 USD.
However, it's purchasing power has significantly declined. This entire argument is retarded. You need to price BTC in terms of it's purchasing power, wether that be in USD or in "shares" of the CPI (Consumer Price Index).
Even if the entire world were to use only Bitcoin, it would still be dumb to say 1 BTC = 1 BTC. You'd still have to derive it's purchasing power relative to something, and then monitor how that power changes over time.
@_date: 2019-11-06 16:15:31
Plot twist: he used robinhood, so he didnt actually buy crypto and doesnt have any bitcoin.
*Trump Voice:* fake news
He deleted his account (which he honestly should have after disclosing all these details), so broadcasting it back out is probably against his wishes... Not saying you shouldnt spread the news, just food for thought. This was probably something he should have done in private and not draw attention to him. Youll get way more negative intentioned eyes/attention than you will praise from the community just by the nature of crypto.
@_date: 2019-03-10 22:39:35
That's where I stopped reading the 1st time to comment this... People are dumb...
@_date: 2019-03-13 03:52:44
The masses don't care... And they'll gladly hand over their BTC to banks for safekeeping, and the interest they'll earn as part of it too... It's probably not a bad idea to deposit your BTC in the early days of BTC banking. You'll get to reap the benefit of interest, as long as you withdraw your coins sometime before a bank run starts... (Not that I'm advocating for this, just pointing out facts - it'd be nice for people to take personal responsibility, but that's just a pipe dream)
@_date: 2019-03-03 23:39:57
Very true, but that probably doesn't fit most people here lurking on Reddit.
Is MM millions of millions (I.E. Trillions)? Haven't seen this notation before.
@_date: 2019-11-04 21:18:30
Cant go wrong with the Nano S. Its the cheapest, will do everything you need to do (unless you want *all* the alts, but thats not advised), and its simple. Get it, update it, then use Electrum. I have a handful now, and its my go-to, hands down.
@_date: 2019-03-02 00:44:02
It's definitely a scam. It's being advertised as an infinite energy device. Plug in as many devices as you want all from the same outlet? That's not how electricity works. You can't magically make more electricity at the outlet. Why won't people wake up to this?
@_date: 2019-11-05 06:25:42
Yep! And for every 10 we onboard, I want 9 of them to hear about financial sovereignty, 5-6 of them to research it, and 1-2 of them to take the plunge. Through further education, I want that 5-6 to consider holding their longer term stuff on their own, while the initial guys (who didnt consider holding their own) learn to mange their hot wallets responsibly. I feel like these are fairly realistic numbers that would promote an atmosphere/culture of responsibility. Perhaps its a bit optimistic, but well have to see.
@_date: 2019-11-05 06:19:09
Theres a difference between $10,000+ fiat cash on their person and securely storing your own funds such that you can provide proof of their existence/ownership. You seem to think theres either custodians or having all of your bitcoin on a hot wallet on your phone. There is a middle ground. (I actually dont believe that you think this way, but this is how your argument has come across =D )
We need to educate users to embrace that middle ground instead of seeing it as a polar choice. If they can learn to secure their funds and not be at the mercy of others for their financial freedom, I think several people will (again, the vast majority will probably prefer custodian services). The more users we can encourage to do this, the better. I dont think that bitcoin has developed enough to make this middle ground both secure &amp; easy. Were certainly making progress, but were not there yet.
@_date: 2019-11-06 17:09:24
Or spend from your account to a vendor that needs to ship an item to you, since theyd have all your details. There are plenty of ways to draw association lines without direct exchange KYC.
@_date: 2019-11-01 04:08:17
Not quite how that works. Even with no market sell orders, buying bids would increase because nothing is there to slow them down (sales). It would drive the price up, it just might not have a lot of volume at that price level, meaning it only takes a little bit of the former selling levels to being price levels back down to where they were before.
@_date: 2019-03-24 04:42:20
But how much can 1 BTC buy you? That's pretty damn important...
@_date: 2019-03-13 06:53:50
Thought this was some sorta trailer type short clip... But 40 minutes long? TLDW?
@_date: 2019-03-13 07:04:32
I think businesses should accept whatever currency and trade that for any other currency consistent with their risk/reward model for their definition of a successful business. For most people, having the ability to accept bitcoin only increases their potential market size (by a little), but they have no intention on actually getting involved, as holding a position in BTC is too much risk based on their posture. It's up to them.
Only way to change this is to voice your opinion and vote with your wallet. Don't like businesses that instantly convert to fiat? Don't shop there, and move along. I, personally, prefer any time a business considers accepting Bitcoin as part of their platform (including the dredded BitPay). I want businesses to see extra customers and slightly wider margins on their sales because of it, and once it fits within their risk model, they'll move in to accept it as a payment natively... It just takes time.
@_date: 2019-11-13 23:25:22
What part of advocating for change sounds sheepish? That would be if I blindly said to obey all laws regardless of context, which, I didnt... I said it was wiser to obey, and advocate for change.
@_date: 2019-03-27 15:26:41
That was the point of what I said, so yeah...
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:49:55
You dont need to prove anything. If Im selling you a bicycle, as long as you hand me $100, and its real as far as I can tell, I dont care where you got that $100 from. Its just as generic as any other $100 bill. This doesnt hold true at really high volumes (millions), but if the hacker broke it down into batches of $5k-$10k, no one is going to bat an eye when he trades them for Litecoin, which he moves around a bit, then sells to some private buyer. Theres no proof necessary for the buyer, the coins are transferred and the hacker gets money in their bank.
You have to take a lot of precautions and very carefully shift your crypto around (usually going to other crypto in the process), in order to eliminate the taint of what you sell for real (under your name) vs what you have as the hacker (known, tainted coins).
To avoid the IRS, you just pay taxes on this income as if it was a job you had. Easy.
@_date: 2019-11-01 00:13:39
Probably, just make sure you pay taxes on *that* too!
@_date: 2019-11-05 02:36:24
I certainly wouldnt call bitcoins currently niche market anything close to mainstream. It needs to approach the popularity/commonplace levels as Square, Zelle, Apple Pay, PayPal, etc. Not every single person I know use these, but a vast majority of them use one (or more) of these. When bitcoin/lightning is among most peoples list of hey bud, how can I repay you for last weeks lunch? responses, then its gone mainstream.
@_date: 2019-11-27 23:16:28
Its significant is its some percentage higher than what youre estimating your taxes to be for the year. I dont know what number thats at, but for reference, I paid somewhere around $100 for an additional $20k in capital gains that I didnt account for with an extra quarterly payment. Lowest tax bracket, so if youre higher, your fee may be more.
@_date: 2019-11-06 15:42:20
Timelock is a secure way to ensure delayed delivery. Simply not broadcasting has no such security, and you have to trust people to broadcast it appropriately.
@_date: 2019-11-06 16:17:48
Very high fees isnt a problem per-say. Its working as intended. More demand requires more fees. Its inconvenient, but its technically not an issue.
That said, there are plenty of changes in the pipeline to alter the underlying transaction structure/format, which become necessary for efficient scaling solutions. And then you got later 2+ that help offload some of the transactions.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:59:43
I'd much rather buy from a shady dealer online via credit card where I control the power dynamic of the transaction rather than letting the shady seller control it for me... That alone is enough incentive for many people to not give a fuck about crypto...
@_date: 2019-11-10 02:33:16
Not all gambling sites require trust (for game honesty, not in terms of handling payments). I know early dice games were random number guessing games based on the blockchain. You put a bet in and whatever block contained your transaction was the one examined to see if you won or not. If you did, you got a payment sent back to you with the full winnings, if not, you got a consolation prize (accountability for all bets placed). Back in those days, there werent fees though... but game honesty can be derived from publicly known figures.
@_date: 2019-03-03 19:19:15
Bitcoin moons, early investors buy their lambos, then all go bankrupt cuz they don't understand how to manage their finances...
If Bitcoin moons, I just rediversify my portfolio and continue to live life within my means.
@_date: 2019-11-01 03:54:37
Bitcoin is not a direct competitor with the banks, but rather an indirect one (even then, only kinda). Its a direct competitor with fiat, sure, but if Bitcoin truly becomes the reserve currency of the world, nothing there stops banks from doing what theyre currently doing with fiat. In fact, many people (mass adopters) would welcome banks with open arms, since that means they arent individually responsible for their finances, it enables free (or even cheaper than Bitcoin) transactions, and its instantaneous (without having to configure Lightning). Additionally, people will need loans, people will expect interest on savings, etc etc. Banks arent going anywhere. They may change their operation slightly, but Bitcoin isnt going to destroy banks. (What will cause issues is when fractional reserves become commonplace whichll result in a legit bank default, rather than bail-outs.)
Please explain how my comparison is flawed, Im interested to see why you think thats the case.
@_date: 2019-03-19 17:45:23
BiTCoiN MoNEY?
Holy crap that disregard for case would drive me nuts...
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:29:18
Without address reuse, theres still a change address. There are still times when UTXOs get combined (which compromise all intermediary wallets between when they split until theyre combined again), etc. There are a lot of ways to leak ownership/relationship details, even using best practices.
@_date: 2019-11-01 04:03:02
Too many people bomb posts like this, and for those voting, theyre probably among those individuals who dont need banks. But for the 99% of the population who dont have Bitcoin, SFYL isnt gonna cut it. They dont want that responsibility, even if people here do. The world running on Bitcoin is gonna be run through banks. You can protect yourself by holding your own, but that doesnt mean banks wont exist.
@_date: 2019-11-28 21:54:57
Scarcity in things that have value cause the value of those things to go up quickly. As more people are introduced to crypto, the ecosystem will have more value as a whole. As that happens, people will realize its scarcity and theyll feed off each other. As others even perceive value, theyll too see the scarcity and jump in (and hopefully discover the real value along the way).
Otherwise Id agree that scarcity alone doesnt create meaningful value. However, bitcoin has value at this point, so its scarcity is already working to feed into that system.
@_date: 2019-03-26 22:39:40
When that bronze metal is a full second behind, in a 5 second race, yes, that's really slow.
Credit card payments are instant. As a payer, I don't have to wait for confirms or pay fees. As a receiver, I'm stuck with fees, but I don't have to wait for conformations because part of the fees I'm paying is for arbitration in the event the customer tries to avoid paying me. It's worse for the receiver, which is why Bitcoin is a better alternative, but as a payer, I'd prefer to use CCs 10 out of 10 times for online transactions. Bitcoin is slow and unsafe compared to CCs.
(It should be noted that lightning does solve the speed &amp; confirmations "issue".)
@_date: 2019-03-06 00:40:25
@_date: 2019-11-10 02:18:59
It would take quite a bit before you knew wether push came to shove, and once you did, you might find flying flying out to be difficult, and youll have to go somewhere that wont extradite you back to the US. Itll certainly be messy if the government tries to go crazy on asset seizure. They did it once with gold, Im sure someone will try again with bitcoin if it becomes popular enough.
@_date: 2019-11-11 06:39:27
Fractional reserve is possible precisely because people wont not your keys, not your bitcoin. Additionally, I suspect well see bitcoin deposits with interest eventually, whichll further incentivize people to allow custodians to control their crypto.
Youd have to be naive to believe that the masses are competent or willing to undertake the responsibility of managing their own crypto when banks can make it seamlessly integrated into all the apps already in use.
@_date: 2019-11-01 12:13:58
Well no, its not the norm. Im just saying that its happened in the past. Countless times may have been an exaggeration (maybe the number of times the fee wasnt given back is countless, while the number of times it did was just a handful), but my point is that there are stories out there like that. Just that one in particular was $125k, so who knows how much else was collectively not a real fee.
@_date: 2019-11-05 14:26:41
Thats actually a good point, and clearly shows that when new technology disrupt an industry, they dont just fold over, but rather adapt to the new way they need to do business. (Some obviously go down, so we see a bit of survivorship bias, but a company that cant evolve with the times isnt going to be around for long)
@_date: 2019-11-04 21:22:25
Biggest drawback is you cant verify receiving addresses easily (and it only gets harder the more addresses you receive to). And the fact it requires fat32, which means finding an archaic 32 gig or smaller sd card... (or paying more for a smaller card than larger capacities due to how cheap theyve gotten)
@_date: 2019-11-04 21:16:48
Thats like the joke of horses are bad people. What you buy on robinhood isnt crypto.
@_date: 2019-03-27 15:27:21
Fair enough.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:30:34
It was posted yesterday, so scroll through a couple pages on reddit. (I dont know if reddit deletes or otherwise modifies posts by deleted accounts, so that may or may not work)
@_date: 2019-11-27 00:34:18
If its significant and you dont report quarterly, theyll hit you with an underpayment fee, cuz it looks like you didnt pay enough taxes throughout the year, rather than having it within a specific quarter.
@_date: 2019-11-12 21:20:26
Sure, we can go with that. Sounds cooler than me just... you know, being a law-abiding citizen. If Bitcoin requires non law-abiding citizens, then its going nowhere. We need more law-abiding citizens to adopt use, bitch about how much of a burden it is, and vote into positions of power those who will work towards a better set of laws concerning bitcoin. If everyone involved is encouraged to break the law, its only going to attract bad/unwanted attention. Thats just my 2c though.
@_date: 2019-11-09 07:22:21
Thats what its supposed to be, but that isnt always what happens... I dont want to be the one to test it.
@_date: 2019-11-19 13:28:42
And even then, not for a long time after theyre reliable and manufactured somewhat regularly... you know how many q-bits are required for something like cryptography? And how few we have stable currently? Its going to be a while before this is even remotely a concern... and were going to see it coming from a mile away when it does.
@_date: 2019-03-17 17:58:51
So what happens when your product has a massive failure shortly after arriving and the sellers refuses to replace it? With CC, you have something absurd like 90 days to refute the charge. You have exactly 0 with Bitcoin, because it's non releasable. Even with escrow, as soon as you hit "go" it's over. Nothing to protect you from then on out.
@_date: 2019-03-22 06:37:10
There's literally an entire Reddit forum for discussion manufactured spending on CCs. Just google it. Keep in mind just most places that sell gift cards ring them up differently so you don't get rewards for them. The very few stores that do are a highly coveted secret, so good luck getting your hands on that info from anyone still using those methods.
@_date: 2019-03-27 17:48:40
I don't agree with that. From a completely new user's perspective, they might be very similar, but I'd still say their wallet is garbage, because I've used great wallets. When you jump into lightning, it's all a little clunky, so there is no high bar to be compared to.
You can think of BitPay's wallet like an early electric car. Compared to their combustion counterparts, the first electric cars were garbage. It wasn't until recently with Tesla's massive push that we're starting to see decent electric cars capable of competing with combustion engines in many tasks (not all, but many). Tesla raised the standard, and anyone using the older technology is still garbage. We now have well established "standards" of what electric cars can do.
On the other hand, lightning is a steam engine train. It's not great, but it's the best thing around at the time. Eventually, we'll invent the bullet train, or mag lift, hyperloop, etc, and improve upon the steam engine. At that point, anyone with shitty software like a steam engine can be hated on, since we now have a higher standard. Until then, the bar is kinda "meh".
It should also be noted that many people haven't even gotten into lightning due to the extra complexities and clunkyness. All those people that haven't are the unvoiced "wallet X haters" since they haven't even started using the wallets to begin with. I'm, personally, waiting for better implementations of lightning clients before dipping anything more than my toe into the water. I think we can do a lot better, and it's something I see people make progress on month to month. We'll get there eventually.
Edit: As far as the "sum" comment, sure I'll agree there. That doesn't mean that BitPay doesn't have a shitty wallet though, as there are good wallets.
@_date: 2019-11-11 12:35:13
Just because you cannot achieve this, doesnt mean it wont exist.
Additionally, I highly advise against committing tax fraud, which you seem to be advocating for. If you dont agree with your taxation, you gotta change it the legal way, not what youre suggesting.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:39:32
You mean like any of the blockchains that have inflation built in? Or more like tethers this address is allowed to spend money it doesnt have kind of system?
@_date: 2019-11-10 02:28:48
My biggest issue is with the payment method (as another commentor suggested), and their blatant shilling for bitcoin cash. A business that wants to remain neutral to the community needs to remain neutral in their presentation. BitPay was (or is - I stopped using them) not. They frequently did ...or pay with bitcoin cash and not pay any fees! type of shilling on the payment screen itself. Its fine to list network fees and let users draw their own conclusions, but when you promote one over the other, youre taking sides. That side happens to be the one that this forum disagrees with. It seems pretty obvious if your website says cats are better than dogs, that a dog lovers forum isnt going to see them favorably. Not sure why thats hard to understand.
@_date: 2019-11-13 13:32:47
True. Law abiding citizens deciding to change something - although this time using illegal methods to enact change. The point is it was still the majority, law abiding citizens that rose up. If you only encourage illegal use of bitcoin, then the masses will ignore it, because only criminals use it.
@_date: 2019-11-09 07:01:08
Ive got a handful - you cant beat the simplicity/price to value of the nano X. Its my go-to, hands down, despite having higher end devices as well.
@_date: 2019-11-10 02:38:11
Fractional reserve lending can and will still be done with bitcoin. The only difference is that there wont be a bailout when banks fail. Theyll just hard fail.
@_date: 2019-03-11 06:06:41
Not really how that works. If she knows, she'll report it, he can claim it was stolen or lost, and then he'll have to file a police report, claim it on taxes, etx... Once it's all official, if he's ever caught cashing it out, he'd be in hella trouble...
@_date: 2019-11-13 05:31:15
what ever it means lol
So, according to you, I should stop taking about obeying the laws, and instead advocate for breaking them so that people stop looking at me to think Im breaking them?
If taxes were voluntary, I wouldnt pay them. Voluntary means Im within the law to not do so.
As for off shore accounts, were they technically legal? If theres no way to distinguish between someone who is trying to hide their taxes by making foreign companies to move money around and legitimate companies, you have to choose whether to ban both, or allow both. We currently allow both, which creates loopholes that smart investors can take advantage of, but its no different than if their business was legitimate in the first place. I see nothing wrong with following the law to the letter, even if that benefits you from taxes or whatnot. If you have a problem with people using technically legal loopholes, then raise hell and change the laws. Its still legal even if its shady. Conversely, Id say that those who hate taxes and think theyre shady (but not paying them would be illegal) should similarly work to vote into office individuals who are going to make changes to those systems.
The main takeaway is its probably not a great idea to advocate for actively breaking the law. Pretty sure calls to illegal actions are, in and of themselves, illegal.
@_date: 2019-11-30 03:11:21
Wish this were true, but were going to probably see the masses use custodial wallets (or many people dipping their toes into custodial services like savings accounts), whichll cause the number of circulating bitcoin to increase. Its an artificial supply, but its no different than what we have today where the circulating money supply is more than what is physically printed.
@_date: 2019-11-01 00:12:17
Probably from the years of lurking.
Something like this: 
Although, I only heard to the first update about the company offering to give it back (at least thats why everyone was saying, never followed up more than reading headlines). And that only took a minute to google (holy crap are there a load of articles to get through when you put Bitcoin and miner into the same sentence).
@_date: 2019-11-26 15:18:37
I would hope this is the case, but I seriously doubt that people will want the personal responsibility of holding not only their entire life savings (not necessarily on a hot wallet, just being responsible) in addition to any investments they have in terms of stocks. Everything is already digital. If they wanted to, companies could create ways to immediately sell/transfer stocks, but they dont because there isnt a demand. Using a token does nothing for this, as its already 99.99% digital.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:56:42
What hoops do you jump through to use Electrum. You just click "New Wallet", "Hardware Device" and "Done". Nothing to jump through. No need for ledger live. Nothing gets "migrated".
Setting up your own personal server, on the other hand, does require hoops... But that's unrelated to the Ledger.
@_date: 2019-11-05 02:44:19
Yeah, but were seeing improvements every day. Think back to half a decade ago, how clunky all the wallet designs were, and how troublesome issues were to deal with if everything didnt go smoothly. Were ironing those out as more people get involved, and those people try to make it better for those behind them. I think Im another decade, well see wallets simple enough that teenagers could open them securely without needing parents walking them through it, without needing to know the underlying protocol or anything. Youll have an app on your phone that you shake near your friends, theyll do a secure address exchange, and send your payment off.
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:11:13
I read through those comments, and it sounds like your electrum is improperly configured. You said that it can see your current addresses, but can't get their balance. Sounds like electrum doesn't know how to query for those balances, using EPS or otherwise. Setting up a wallet to spend from a hardware wallet is as easy as "New Wallet From Hardware". I've done it, multiple times.
If you introduce additional complexities, that's on you, and it should be framed as such: "normally, it's easy, but if you want an additional X, you need to do an additional Y." Because not using ledger live is as easy as opening electrum and you're done. If the EPS adds complexity, that's on you, not the Ledger.
@_date: 2019-03-02 00:47:44
This. Only additional thing to add is that you shouldn't ever share your master public key, since that'll let whoever has it generate all of the available *public* addresses associated with your seed. This'll let them track your receives &amp; sends significantly easier (even when you don't mix inputs).
Only other, other issue, is that your private key could be targeted by quantum computers (in the future at some point) if your public key has been revealed. This isn't an issue if you reveal your Bitcoin address, as they aren't the same things. This is one of the reasons why we need to move on from address reuse (which reveals the public key) to single use only (only reveals the public key once funds have been included in a transaction).
@_date: 2019-03-11 14:52:52
This. You can be sure as hell that she would be demanding exact addresses to monitor for the rest of her life, especially if the peice goes up.
@_date: 2019-11-07 00:57:14
As said, there are ways to mitigate, but enough evidence is there to cause problems (not necessarily convict, but certainly cause problems if they choose to). There are plenty of ways they can throw you under the bus if you piss them off.
@_date: 2019-11-17 02:14:02
Plug it in, press update. It shouldnt erase the stored seed, and if it does, just restore the wallet after you update.
@_date: 2019-03-13 04:03:16
I call bullshit on this. Send us a Zillow link to any property in Missouri for even $8k... I've seen some listed for $20-25k, but nothing lower than that...
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:34:35
Possibly, but thats not the route they take with taxes. Its assumed you owe full income tax unless you prove otherwise (capital gains at a much lower bracket, for example). I dont want to be on the other end of the table trying to say some friend purchased this for me, but I cant come up with the name of the friend, nor can I account for the purchase any other way. Maybe they slap you around and deem it income and tax you on that, and then punish you for lying on any tax forms you might have submitted in the past where you didnt claim any other mysterious amazon purchases that showed up from a friend, but they have records showing you got goods. The more lies you tell, the larger the web becomes, until you end up in a worse position than had you just told the truth and paid the (relatively) cheap taxes.
@_date: 2019-03-26 17:30:58
Sure, but that just means the value of that remaining 90% goes up. We currently have 8 digits to divide Bitcoin with, but if 20,999,999 bitcoins were lost, we could easily add additional digits to further subdivide Bitcoin to allow transacting in smaller amounts. It should be noted that adding zeros also doesn't cause inflation or devalue any existing holdings. Instead of seeing that you have 100 satoshis, you'd have 1,000 csatoshis, or 10,000 msatoshis, but it's still 100 satoshis.
@_date: 2019-11-27 00:30:22
That 1 BTC is income and you report it under other income (unless its one of the protected gift categories (immediate family, inheritance, etc), then its slightly different). Youd pay income (or applicable) at the price when you got it, then calculate capital gains/losses when you do something else with it based on your income price.
@_date: 2018-10-11 07:35:31
Was this seriously an issue for anyone? First thing I did when creating a new wallet is write down the passphrase, grab an address, wipe the device and reenter the passphrase. If the address I get now matches my first one, I'm set. No need to do anything with the software. Recertification can be done natively with the device, and is done every time you resore words to it. How is that not the first thing that pops into people's minds?
That's also the method I use to verify the 25th word. Just plug it in twice and see if it's the same both times. If it is, you're good, if not, do it again until you get consistent results.
@_date: 2018-10-10 08:54:03
Since no one really answered your questions yet, I'll take a stab at it:
1) OTC is Over The Counter trading, which means that you and I come together and decide to trade. I'll give you $1m and you give me 150 BTC. Since we did this in private, the markets are affected in the slightest. So, the market will probably not move much because of this.
2) My assumption to their smartest move would be to buy OTC for a massive stock, officially release Bakkt, then provide orders to customers at market prices. This'll drive the prices up of their existing coins, and to hedge their bets, they could only buy 1 BTC for every 2 someone places an order for, and make up the remaining 1 BTC from their initial OTC purchase at cheap prices.
3) This is where OTC plays a main role, but I'd imagine that some exchanges would be involved at some point, just to get the hype train rolling and prices moving - but that's speculation.
4) I've heard it suggested that they already have/are, otherwise it'll probably be OTC.
5) Current supply as in what they hold? Not easily. You could do coin analysis on their wallets to get an approximate amount, but anytime someone claims to hold BTC for you, you create the opportunity for them to artificially "inflate" the BTC supply.
6) There will always be whales. Always. For every market. The only difference is that the smaller the market, the more influence they have. BTC is very small, but will grow larger as time goes on, leading to less and less influence from any one particular whale. Time will "fix" this, so just sit on your hands for a couple years and enjoy the ride.
@_date: 2018-10-22 16:23:29
Use Purse.io for Amazon purchases. I save anywhere from 15-30% on every purchase. Anytime I want something not on Amazon, I have to sell BTC for cash, deposit it in my local bank, transfer it to my main bank, then spend via credit card. Really annoying, but not nearly the 8-12% fees for using services like these. Really wish more shops would use BitPay or Coinbase to accept Bitcoin. Even if they aren't the greatest, still better than this route.
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:38:27
Any time the bank shuts down one of your cards for "security reasons", or when MasterCard goes offline...
If you have cash, use it. It's highly anonymous and easy to use. If it works for you, fine. I, personally, prefer to wave my phone over their card reader and enter a pin to run my credit card. It's convenient. If a store is setup to accept Bitcoin, it's almost as convenient. Everyone has their own use cases, and no use case fits every user.
@_date: 2018-10-10 13:40:29
To a certain degree yes. If I'm only willing to buy at $2000 a coin for $1m, then yes, the OTC volume is insufficient to support your sale, and you'd be left with selling to market over an actual exchange. However, with there already being 5-6 different OTC markets for Bitcoin, I don't see that being the case entirely. Sure, it'll have some effect, but not really worth mentioning, especially in a fully operational market.
@_date: 2019-03-06 00:38:24
Not nearly as hard to write as many other kanji. I've had to switch to 0.3mm lead so I can fit all the strokes in appropriately. This is just 7 strokes.
Not even close to something like:  (6 strokes &amp; ~20 strokes, depending on the style) -  - kirei - beautiful. (Admittedly, almost never written in kanji, but neither is )
And there are harder ones (both in style &amp; stroke count).
@_date: 2019-11-06 05:26:17
Will partitions work? I tried that on a larger drive, but it didnt seem to do anything, so I ended up having to buy a 32gig one... maybe it just didnt like mine?
@_date: 2019-03-02 23:00:30
$1.25m per Bitcoin confirmed.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:44:19
It's the heartbeat... Carry along...
@_date: 2019-11-04 21:15:19
This is the reason why Bitcoin isnt ready to go mainstream, and if it does, well see a majority of users take this route of I dont want the responsibility. This is why banks wont go away - there will always be a demand for them.
@_date: 2019-11-05 06:22:20
And there will be apps for bitcoin thatll ease the on loading process, the transfer process, etc. I remember when addresses started to be displayed as QR codes, and thought that was genius! Up until then, we all slugged away at hand typing addresses, trying to figure out how to read each other addresses (assume lower case unless I say capital? Or...?), etc. These improvements will continue, and I can only see bitcoin being easier to use in the future.
@_date: 2019-11-12 21:23:16
Youre talking about 2 different types of trades:
1) Exhanges which require full verification, etc.
2) Peer to peer transaction in which nothing is necessary. If the buyer has a bank account to transfer money to, they dont need your ID, name, address, etc. only the bare minimums to make the transfer happen. At that point, the hacker reports his income, pays taxes, and no one gives him grief.
@_date: 2019-11-06 17:23:47
The difference is *cant* vs *shouldnt*, youre right. You cant broadcast a timelock to the network, but you can to your family so theyll have it. Regardless of what they want to do with it, they have to wait the timelock out until the network accepts it. With just dont broadcast it, you have a valid transaction that you trust to not be sent before an appropriate time. In this case, you cant send it to family early, else theyll redeem it early.
The way to do it is have a nLockTime from your address (A) to your familys (B) for the next years January. In December, you move your coins to A1, sign a new nLockTime from A1-&gt;B (moving the coins invalidates A-&gt;B), coming due to following years January (13 months out). Repeat this process until dead, and your family has your coins the first January after you die (assuming you dont forget). You can provide the TX information in a shared Dropbox or email or whatever at that point, as it becomes invalid when you rotate coins, or valid if you die.
@_date: 2019-11-03 05:08:34
I didnt make the claim that we need banks, just that those among us here are specifically ones that *dont* need banks. I leave open the possibilities of both needing and not needing banks. I dont know which it is, and it really depends on how you define bank, because there are a lot of services that banks offer that others dont, but thats just because of tradition, and not necessarily the root purpose of a bank.
When having a semi maintained lawn is a requirement for interacting with others, yes, thats kinda what it means. Sure, you could completely ignore fiat in the world today, ask to be paid in cheeseburgers, etc, but its probably not a great life. Having some ability to use fiat (or Bitcoin, just sub in whatever) would tremendously simplify things in an economy that uses that medium of exchange.
@_date: 2019-11-03 05:03:20
If no one sold, you could argue that a price doesnt exist, since there are exactly 0 trades and no way to clearly state what the price would be. You *could* say that the last sale price was X, but it doesnt have a current price. However, in the absolute absence of any selling, price is usually defined as what someone is willing to pay.
As an example, if you sold something used, secondhand on Craigslist or similar. That item you have is perfectly unique to you, customized by you or worn/torn in your specific way. There literally is no price for that item. You can make an educated guess, but you wont know its price until you find someone willing to pay what you want. The price is set by what someone is willing to pay.
If exchanges were to list prices, they should show that there is nothing listed for sales, with ever climbing buys. The only price they could list is what someone was willing to pay for one, since thats the only value (and that value *WILL BE* the price as soon as a price can be established).
@_date: 2019-03-02 00:52:24
Couple of weeks? I don't recall sending anything higher than 1 sat/byte over the past couple months for movin my own coins around and they all cleared within an hour, one or two next block... 1-2 sats would be fine for transferring to yourself or for a long delivery time (shipping an item to customer).
OP: The "almost next block" fee has been hovering around 3-6 sat/byte, and they usually get within 1-2 blocks. It all depends on time of day and what else is going on, but checkout 
It's currently saying that 3-4 sat/byte is where most transactions drop off at, and that's what I'd use to pay someone - probably the upper end at 4, unless I really wanted to bug out, then I'd do 5 just to ensure faster inclusion.
@_date: 2019-11-23 13:17:23
Youre not a hodler if you sell. Your scenario cant happen. Some might sell, sure, but it wont be from hodlers. The whole point to hodling is to ignore the volatility.
The worst enemy you are talking about are those who use bitcoin purely as an investment vehicle, although Id argue that there is no real enemy of bitcoin. It was designed to be open to everyone and everything, and every time an enemy uses it, it further demonstrates that fact. Thats what makes it useful for everyone. No one is barred/banned from using it.
@_date: 2019-11-09 16:42:46
Cant use your bitcoin if youre locked away in prison...
@_date: 2018-06-05 03:51:59
I'm not aware of the "passphrase" feature outside of the 25th word \(which I think Ledger calls passphrase\). I'll look into this, thanks! If I am confused here and this is the 25th word, then my algorithm above is all in addition to that 25th word \- I'm just concerned with encoding the plaintext 24 words. I love the idea of a daily wallet on a wallet without a Ledger passphrase that could be stolen as your indicator that your wallet has been compromised, while you use the 25th word\(s\) for storing long term coins. This is how my wallets are setup by default. That means that the 24 words have some value to them if stored in the correct order, which is what I'm trying to protect.
As it stands, having someone with the plate and the knowledge of the encoding phrase would be a mostly compromised wallet \- certainly wouldn't trust that information with my funds for very long. However, my protection is a 3 of 3 "encryption". 1\) Plate 2\) Phrase 3\) Algorithm. Using the simple scramble prevents a brute force of "every other word" attack, its fairly easy to remember, stupid easy to perform for someone computer illiterate, and just adds a 3rd layer of protection. Using a "passphrase" method reduces that down to 2, so having the plate and knowing the phrase means its fully compromised \- just my thoughts.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:28:02
And this is just filing single. Married numbers are much higher.
Additionally, Traditional IRA or 401K contributions are further deducted from your taxable income, meaning you can get another 6k single or 12k married, and then some extra from whatever the 401k cap is. You do get into a bind where your IRA might not be fully deductible and you would be paying taxes on them. It essentially turns some funds in your Traditional IRA into a Roth IRA. It gets complicated quickly, but you can realize 50-60k in long term capital gains each year fairly easily, and save a shit load of money for the future, assuming you don't need those funds immediately this year.
@_date: 2019-08-09 16:06:34
You're always open to a wrench attack. Only way to avoid that is to make people think you don't have crypto. Some of the best defenses you can have is that of opsec.
@_date: 2019-08-13 06:41:26
With how "successful" this scam has been, I'm really surprised they've used a completely, obviously fake version number. I'd be really interested to see what would happen if they used a legitimate version number that made it look like it was a real update...
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:31:37
No it's not. If you leave off 1 word, there's 1024 possible combinations to check until I have your full seed. 2 missing words is ~1 million (1024^2). If you take an arbitrarily large number (say 1 trillion) as passwords checked per second, then it requires 7 missing words (1024^7) in order for it to take 37 years of checking passwords to guarantee a correct guess. Any shorter, and you're talking well within the timeframe of months, worst case scenario.
Don't memorize anything, just write it down and keep it safe.
Edit: you can memorize a passphrase if you want, but you're playing with fire if no one else knows it.
@_date: 2019-08-04 00:05:30
You'd report the gambling gains/losses as gambling, and you'd report any capital gains/losses as capital gains/losses. If you buy $100 of BTC, send it to your gambling account and get $98 of credit, you've lost $2 of short term capital gains.
If you turn that into $200, then you have $102 of gambling gains. If you withdraw into BTC, then you have some amount of BTC. If you later sell it for $203 into your bank account, you pay $3 in short term capital gains.
However, if you do the 'withdraw from the casino' and 'sell to my bank account' all in a "single" step (such as immediately selling the moment you withdraw), you can skip the middle step. When you sell your $203 worth of Bitcoin, that was the value that you cashed out your earnings at, meaning you actually have $105 in gambling wins, and $0 in capital gains. The incidental capital gains were a result of you needing to use that method to realize your winnings. As long as you don't hold the BTC for any amount of time, this should work (I'm talking like within an hour).
You're going to have a shitload of transactions to track and calculate, so unless you're really confident in your math, you should consider a CPA.
@_date: 2019-08-27 23:25:59
His advice may be "expensive", but it's certainly far from bad. Taking a 'just recover it to any wallet' approach is reckless (and bad advice) if you're not doing it properly, and will easily lead to compromised keys. The safer approach is to have the backup wallet, but it's not technically necessary.
@_date: 2019-08-09 23:11:14
I wasn't taking about multiple wallets or multiple hw wallets. One of the reasons I never use my Trezor is because when I want to use a passphrase, I have to click a menu option in the Trezor software that prompts the Trezor device to accept my passphrase. Once I enter the passphrase, I'm told that I have to unplug and replug the Trezor in to use the wallet with that passphrase. This means that if I had to suddenly unplug my device and run, the passphrase is already plugged in, and someone would just need my pin to get at all my coins. I find that to be a huge security flaw, which is why I immediately put my device in my safe and haven't touched it since. I'm just trying to find out if Electrum causes these same security issues.
@_date: 2019-08-13 19:37:23
Nothing to worry about as long as you keep track of your transactions/trades/exchanges and properly report them on your taxes.
@_date: 2019-08-14 23:08:08
Okay, it's slowly coming together. But to clarify that we're on the same page, you are taking about implementing a new method/calculation for mining, and not what currently exists right?
I could see some of what you are saying being implemented, where miners will reject transactions that could be valid, but don't fit a specific fee rate based on certain conditions, as a measure to improve 0-conf transactions.
But if you are taking about how the current system works, none of this follows. The moment I broadcast out my 2nd transaction, every miner will immediately include it as the block found with TX1 is only 12.5+0.001, but the block found with TX2 is 12.5+0.011. Even if they hash on TX1 for 3 minutes, it'll only take (on average) 7 minutes of hashing on TX2 until the block is found. There's no reason to keep TX1 around because hashing on it doesnt cost anything. There is no lost time. If you are suggesting that what you're explaining is the current system implemented, I don't understand how I, as a miner, would ever choose 12.5+0.001 BTC reward over a 12.5+0.011 BTC reward (or, assuming no block reward, 0.001 over 0.011), especially when there is zero cost to me. It seems always beneficial for me to accept TX2.
@_date: 2019-08-21 23:01:32
In no particular order:
"Bank the unbanked" / "Destroy the banks!" Pick one. Too many people are hating on banks to turn around and say "let's get more people access to banks". A point of Bitcoin is that you don't *need* banks, so stop trying to bank more people.
Bitcoin isn't anonymous, and it's not easy to be anonymous when using Bitcoin. You have to actively go out of your way to preserve that, and it's super easy to lose that at the drop of a hat.
Unduplicatable holds very little weight. There are plenty of unduplicatable things that hold no value, and there are plenty of things that have value that are duplicated (which will eventually devalue it). One could also argue that there's 21 million duplicated Bitcoin. It'd be a dumb argument, but it's not wrong... Something better to list would be "deflationary", since that holds true of very, very few assets.
"Best" investment is relative. You can quantify that it's the highest grossing investment over the past 10 years, but that doesn't make it the "best".
Fiat is P2P (or can be, just as Bitcoin can not be P2P), so this holds little weight. It's not wrong, it just doesn't provide the whole story.
"As good" as gold is also a relative quantifier on top of relative/undefined properties. Bitcoin sucks for throwing at people, but gold bricks, while expensive, do quite a good job at it.
@_date: 2019-08-10 12:04:33
So... Your solution to scaling is... Multiple chains? You realize that won't work right? Bitcoin already has multiple chains. They're called Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin SV... No one uses them though.
@_date: 2019-08-05 15:46:57
If we're taking world's population, then yeah, we've long been past that. I was speaking primarily first world, middle classish.
@_date: 2019-08-25 03:01:31
USD is deflationary for most tech items. The prices of new TVs and such start stupid high, but rapidly decrease as more research is done on them (to a point). Your dollar, while being worth less than yesterday, is worth double towards that new tech than it was yesterday, meaning it always pays (again, to a point), to put off buying tech as long as possible. At some point though, you're going to want that new computer, or that projector, or that kickin sound system. Why are you spending a relative deflationary currency now, when you could get so much more tomorrow?
This applies to a couple other fields (and specifically doesn't apply to certain fields like property), but it's easiest seen in tech.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:47:15
Bet *his* dick on it!
@_date: 2019-08-20 05:39:12
There are certainly upsides and downsides, but I'd much rather Bitcoin be hurt because "that one crypto was hacked" when a critical vulnerability was discovered in some alt coin that completely destroyed the coin, providing us some feedback and lessons learned that we can implement into Bitcoin, rather than having Bitcoin itself suffer from the same vulnerability.
@_date: 2019-08-25 00:55:20
Rewards are mined for the past, as you've got to do work to attempt to solve blocks before you can get a reward. Due to the variance of mining, it doesn't really make sense to assign a "this reward is for the last X minutes we just mined" and instead makes sense to say "here is my % of the total hashrate, which represents X Bitcoin per day, my miners are consuming Y in electricity per day (plus infrastructure), and therefore my expected profits are Z (X-Y)". You do the math on a day by day or week by week basis, and reevaluate on difficulty changes. You could plot out static 10 minute block rewards and use that math, but you could also add additional data such as the real average block time (&lt;10 minutes as the hashrate increases over time), and project into the future to figure out your changing rewards and such.
Either way, if TX2 pays more, you earn more.
If TX2 doesn't pay more, it doesn't matter what you do.
@_date: 2019-08-12 08:12:40
Not sure if serious...
I'm not sure how/why you think hardware wallets offer any additional attack vectors over a general purpose OS.
@_date: 2019-08-06 10:45:44
Ledger makes their Vault (not released yet, or not released to the public yet), which is similarish. I wouldn't particularly trust a general purpose device since it'll be vulnerable to exploitation and key extraction, which hardware wallets avoid.
@_date: 2019-08-11 05:53:55
You're taking about multi-conf transactions. Not 0-conf transactions. We're not even on the same page. None of your points matter because you're out of scope. If you want to make an argument for rolling back blocks, then go for it, but not here as it doesn't matter. If you want to try again from the perspective of 0-conf transactions, I'll engage with you, but I'm not going off topic to figure out what you're saying.
Edit: it's never safe to accept 0-conf, as the attacker has nothing to lose, but you have everything to lose. You can still do it because the risk is low, but it's never safe. Confirmed blocks are significant safer, although not perfectly safe. Historically, Bitcoin has never had a 3 block rollback (to my knowledge), which is why (among other reasons) 3 blocks is pretty safe.
@_date: 2019-08-08 00:44:26
"I properly copied/pasted the... address"
"... whenever I copy/paste a BTC address, it just changes it to some other address..."
Pick one. You obviously didn't properly do anything. Sucks for your loss, but verifying addresses is crypto 101. ALWAYS look at the first few characters &amp; last few characters to verify at every step of the way.
Edit: typos and below
The best AV is getting your keys OFF your computer. With 1.2 BTC, you should have had a hardware wallet. There's no excuse for not spending $50 to protect $15,000.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:04:08
No. Your keys aren't isolated in a secure environment. If you think it's as safe, you need to do more research on how hardware wallets work. If you're too cheap to afford a hardware wallet, it's a great alternative. Sounds like you got a "big chunk" of coin, so a hardware wallet is the only route to go.
@_date: 2019-08-27 04:59:58
The branding surrounding Bitcoin Cash has been highly suspect, and a downright lie/fraud at times. I don't claim to say that everyone associated with Bitcoin cash does this, as I try to assume that most people are well meaning, but there have been many major players that have done this.
A recent example was posted on the top of r/bitcoin, where it showed a screenshot of bitcoin.com's advertisement to buy "Bitcoin (BCH) or Bitcoin Core (BTC)". This is highly deceptive, suggesting that Bitcoin cash maintained the name of Bitcoin, which consensus decided it did not. Further, it claimed BTC was Bitcoin Core, which is not the case. BCC is an alt coin called Bitcoin Core, but the Bitcoin Core they refer to is the reference client. It would be similar to calling Bitcoin Cash "Bitcoin ABC" (although I think this was appropriately used when the BCHABC/BCHSV split was going on, but the market determined that ABC won and maintained the Bitcoin Cash title). Similarly, there might have been a window where calling Bitcoin Cash "Bitcoin" might have made sense (at the immediate time of split), but that time was very short lived and has long since passed.
There are still some who push the "Bitcoin Cash *is* Bitcoin" narrative, but I think quite a few are at least moving away and towards the "Bitcoin Cash is *better* than Bitcoin" route, which I'm all for. As long as you're not deceptively advocating for one or the other, everyone has the ability to make their arguments and let the best ideas win.
@_date: 2019-08-02 11:38:26
It could have just been in the toilet. No need for it to be above.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:09:33
My app stays at the blue loading screen and doesn't ever load. I only use it for checking prices, but it seems I can't do that anymore...
Edit: been like this for 2 days or so now. App hasn't worked in that time.
@_date: 2019-08-07 04:14:23
In theory, yes, but in practice, no. As fewer and fewer coins are left, it greatly increases the value of what's remaining. You simply subdivide to have more (sub)satoshis to go around. You could lose all but 1 BTC, have some 20 zeros behind it, and you've got more subunits than we currently have satoshis, meaning more to go around.
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:41:57
Your point is...?
@_date: 2019-08-25 02:55:02
You can't go wrong either way. If you want to hold a lot of alts, Trezor supports that better. If you have a lot of passphrases but not alt coins, Ledger supports that better. If you just want cheap, Ledger.
I have a handful (Ledger Nano S, X, Trezor Model T), and my S's are my go-to. I don't ever take the other ones out of my safe.
Edit: seems to be an unpopular opinion? Anyone who down voted care to contribute their 2 cents, or why they disagree?
@_date: 2019-08-22 03:24:34
Check the poster's name. I never mentioned Casa node. I'm strictly talking about miners, not even nodes. Most pooled mining doesn't require a node unless they use something like Nice Hash, where individual miners get to verify &amp; determine which transactions to include, which is why I'm super excited for the protocol.
@_date: 2019-08-27 23:19:51
Bitcoin aren't "sent" anywhere, they're just transferred from one ownership to another. Until the point in time that ownership is transferred (confirmed/included in a block), the coins are still in the control of the sender. They will retain the ability to craft an entirely new transaction sending coins previously promised to you (unconfirmed) but sending them to themselves - a double spend attack. This is why it's risky to accept 0-conf transactions. If the amount is small, it probably doesn't matter a whole lot, but you should definitely wait longer for larger amounts.
The wallet software you use doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is the fee offered by the sender. If it's too low, it won't be confirmed quickly. There are a couple ways to speed this along, but it's usually much easier to do from the get go.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:44:13
That's not how bitcoin addresses work.
If your wallet is showing your addresses that have 40k BTC in them, then you necessarily own those private keys that would allow you to spend the coins. Guaranteed. (Assuming you generated them and didn't import)
Multisig addresses are derived from the public/private keys combined, which is not something that you'd be able to generate, unless you did randomly generate multiple wallets that you intentionally multisig'd together. Even then, if your wallet is showing you have access to certain wallets, then you necessarily have access to spend from them.
@_date: 2019-08-12 05:56:00
I'm not seeing any updates available. That was one of the first things I checked... Weird.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:40:43
Good points! My home\-made cipher is indeed weak, I've mentioned as much, and you're right that certain keyword patterns could speed up computation. However, someone would have to somehow get their hands on the stamped set of words, which should be difficult in and of itself, just so happen to know or guess the right cipher \(one thats not standard or secure by any cryptological standards\), figure out who it belongs to so they can attempt to social engineer the key from them, and then get their 25th word passphrase from them as well. If they manage to do all that, I suppose they deserve the coins.
The lack of trust with the family is not that they'll steal my coins \(they can't because I'm making wallets FOR them\), but that they won't take the whole security ordeal as seriously as I do. I don't particularly want them waiving around a piece of metal that has their 24 words in the proper order in front of someone I don't know, who might not be particularly trust worthy. Its unlikely they'll do it intentionally, but I could see them doing spring cleaning and be like "oh hey look, I need to remember to check my balance at some point today" and tossing it on the shelf without realizing that the garbage/trash hauler people might get a glance at it. All it takes is a quick second for someone to grab a photo, and then they'd have it. My goal was to add a little work, to ensure the base 24 words had a hair more security. Its obviously not going to stop anyone serious about stealing it, but its meant more for the casual passerby who happens to see something they shouldn't have seen in the first place.
My biggest issue with just splitting into 2 pieces would be that they are now responsible for storing them \(preferably separately\) and not losing twice as many things. Twice as much opportunity to make a mistake there. Losing stuff is pretty easy for them, but having only 1 important thing, they have a special safe for "important things to not lose", which should help with that.
My own keys are secured by myself using multiple pieces, etc. with my wife knowing the password, and a coworker knowing the method of recovery. Worst comes to worst, we all die at work, she has enough information to ask for help online with the methodology without revealing any of my sensitive information. I'll be making her a wallet too and getting her own Ledger so she becomes more familiar with the process to help with that.
@_date: 2019-08-08 18:05:13
You're thinking about this illogical. You sold $300 worth of something to get $300 worth of something else. Regardless of what that initial something could be worth, you didn't pay $10k for that $300 video card. If you think otherwise, then I'm not sure how you live with yourself ever, considering: you had $200 in cash in your bank account. You *could* have bought Bitcoin and turned it into $4000 at some point. That car you drive? Could have multiplied it 10x by selling it for Bitcoin. That fancy food you eat? Get your calories from ramen and buy Bitcoin. This way of thinking is illogical because you're biased in a single direction, and once you explore the opposite direction, you should realize it doesn't make sense. If you really regret spending $300 worth of something for $300 of value, you should literally sell everything you own and live on the bare minimum, because anything else you spend could similarly be turned into massive gains via BTC.
I bought my last motorcycle for 2 BTC ($6k). It was one of the best purchases I've made with Bitcoin because of how much enjoyment I get out of that bike. Do I get $40k "worth" of enjoyment? No, but that's why I didn't pay $40k, I only paid $6k...
@_date: 2019-08-08 22:08:19
Interesting... I was unaware that gnutella was as big as it supposedly was. I didnt think it was nearly that large. Bitcoin has a bunch, but most there are conflicting reports of how many nodes there actually are. Some dont count those that are "unreachable", some do, but those could ignore specifically configured nodes that "hide" or masquerade as a single node.
@_date: 2019-08-26 05:16:20
I do believe there is a way to disable Bluetooth, but then why use that instead of the X? It requires the pin when you plug it into something, so it behaves just like the X at that point.
The timeout is an inactivity timeout. As long as you hit one button to keep the screen strolling, it'll never timeout till the battery dies. That's what makes someone stealing it out of your hands so scary. With the X, as long as they don't take the device it's plugged into, it'll just turn off and not be useful for them.
@_date: 2019-08-08 18:06:52
Have you ever used Bisq? Can't exactly trade $70+ million worth of crypto there.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:03:20
*Technically* that's an air gapped computer, as long as it also doesn't have wireless. That said, it's not a secure air gapped computer. For that, there's a little bit more involved...
@_date: 2019-08-31 06:02:44
I'm claiming "that's not possible" to you. You keep derailing our conversation out of 0-conf territory. You can't have a confirmed block because we're explicitly talking about 0-conf. Therefore, anything you say after "already in a block" might be valid, but is entirely irrelevant to our conversation. I wasn't even talking about an interaction between a hypothetical miner or hypothetical double spender, I'm taking about our conversation.
If a double spender is asking me "how do I replace TX1 that has not yet been included in a block with TX2?" The answer is "pay a higher fee". I've said this multiple times. All I have to do as the miner is be offered more, and then TX2 is always more profitable/worth more/whatever to mine on than TX1.
It seems you think that if you replace TX1 with TX2, that resources committed to mining TX1 are "wasted". Why is this?
Edit: Nothingbin the difficulty setup says that 10 minutes is most likely, but that's how the algorithm works out. If I told you to guess a random number every second between 1 and 100, and I'm looking for a number 10 or below, on average, you'll guess one of those numbers once every 10 seconds. You may guess 4 in a row, and you may not guess the number I'm looking for in quite a while. But when you are picking random numbers, you have a 1 in 10 chance of picking a winning number. That rate times the speed gives you your expected time to find another winning number. Played out, you'll find a higher concentration around the 10 guesses until a correct one, much more so than getting the correct guess on your first try. It's a bell curve, centered around 10 guesses/seconds. Bitcoin has the same thing. It's random numbers looking for a small enough one. Chances times rate equals 10 minutes.
@_date: 2019-08-12 06:36:41
What? None of this makes sense.
I sent a transaction with 1 BTC fee.
Miners see this and include it while looking for a block.
I spend a replacement transaction with 2 BTC fee.
Every miner (assuming they're all perfectly greedy) will IMMEDIATELY drop my old transaction for the new one.
A block is found, and the miner is 1 BTC more well off.
There is zero cost to replacing a transactions. I don't understand how you think miners go broke. There's no math needed for this (although there certainly is if you want to rewrite the block history).
What you claim is that if I send you a transaction of $100, that you're virtually guaranteed that transaction within a second? What happens when I wait 10 seconds and change it to have a $100 fee? Every miner immediately drops the $100 to you and takes it for themselves. There's no other way for this to work (in a greedy miner system).
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:54:02
You provided DEF2 as TX1/TX2 not confirmed and DEF1 as TX1 or TX2 confirmed, and now you're smashing them together and saying they're essentially the same?
Have you ever had a transaction confirm in less than 10 minutes? You should try to see if you can do it, cuz then you'll realize that miners will willing accept new transactions that replace lower fee ones, even if they've already started mining. You really don't understand how the mining process works. There is no real compensation1 vs compensation2. It's always more profitable to mine on the highest paying transactions and include them first, double spend or not. If you don't mine them, someone else will and you'll come away with less profit.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:37:50
That was actually a really good way to explain it, and yes, I'm exclusively taking about DEF2, since we are exclusively talking about 0-conf transactions, which is where this all stemmed from.
I understand your point a bit better now, but would argue that the 3 minutes of compensation1 doesn't get paid for until several hours of compensation1 builds up, and eventually a block is found by the miner. Keep in mind that a single miner isn't getting every block, so there is a massive amount of variance to what they're doing. An entire pool working together will accumulate a massive amount of compensation1 before actually finding a block. However, 3 minutes of compensation1 doesn't change their stance that having 7 (or even 10) minutes of TX2's compensation1 is more desirable than TX1.
I see 4 situations (assuming DEF2 exclusively). BFY (Block Found: Yes), BFN (Block Found: No) vs CTX1 (Contains TX1), CTX2 (Contains TX2). (Assuming that we're at the 3 minute mark and the miner is deciding to keep TX1 or drop it for TX2)
The simplest case is BFN. The miner gets no compensation1 for any of his work done, regardless of CTX1/2. The compensation1 just stacks up.
In the case of BFY, CTX1, the miner gets block reward R plus transaction fee T. This entire reward+fee goes to backfill his compensation1 that he was racking up from all the BFN.
In the case of BFY, CTX2, the miner gets block reward R plus transaction fee T+Y (Y being the extra fee from the double spend). This also goes to backfill his entire compensation1.
The difference in this scenario is higher compensation for CTX2, as its "efficiency" is (R+T+Y)/compensation1, as appose to CTX1, of (R+T)/compensation1. (Compensation1 in this case means units of owed compensation from previous work done where you resulted in BFN).
This means it's always in the favor of the miner to attempt CTX2, as BFN doesn't affect payout, but BFY does, with the increased fee.
All of this still applies regardless of how much time is left till the next block, since the time remaining distribution is the same for CTX1 and CTX2.
Additionally, it seems that you think that changing a transaction out for another one resets the 10 minute average. It doesn't. The "work of last three minutes cannot be right because it contains TX1" is incorrect, as TX1 is still valid, but so is TX2. TX2 just pays more - it's optional for miners to include it. After TX2 has been released, it's still perfectly valid to mine a block with TX1, which would then make TX2 invalid (and then we get out of DEF2 and into DEF1, but we're not going there). Conversely, if TX2 is mined, TX1 then becomes invalid. Until one is included in a block, they're both perfectly valid (assuming they're not in the same block).
@_date: 2019-10-08 04:25:10
Still doesn't explain "push"ing firmware. Also, unless you verify the source yourself, you're trusting Trezor to compile it correctly. Or you're trusting the source to be bug-free. At some point, you're trusting someone (unless you're literally reading/examining every line of code that you compile &amp; load yourself, but let's be honest, 99.9% of people don't).
@_date: 2019-10-21 10:30:56
It also depends on wether or not you have some sort of "property tax", where they take a percentage of what you own for you to have the privilege of calling something yours. Seems like you aren't familiar with the laws, which would have been a better question to ask than whether or not you're commiting tax evasion...
@_date: 2019-10-05 14:33:40
That's not quite true. If miners colluded to not include a certain transaction, that transaction would never make it into a block, regardless of how often non-mining nodes blasted that transaction out trying to get it included. What miners can't do is break consensus and expect the network to go along with it, but as long as they play within the flexible rules, they have full authority to do whatever they want (until another miner comes behind them and doesn't choose to participate).
@_date: 2018-06-05 04:04:16
Very interesting and cool! I've had an idea like this for my even more computer illiterate wife's family. My family is "hip" enough to be able to keep up with all this, and assuming cryptos continue trending the way they are, I imagine that more and more people will start using them daily, so its only a matter of time until they're immersed in the tech anyway. My wife's family is approaching/at retirement, so nothing is going to change the way they operate.
I've actually got a resin casting setup ready to go for casting my plates in plastic \(which could then be decorated to look like an art project rather than anything of value to a random passerby\). I love the idea of plastidip though. I'll have to try that if the resin proves too difficult to get off.
I'll be doing something similar to you for my own setup, but for my family who will have nothing but pocket change in their accounts, and are much less technically inclined, I feel that a single plate in their possession would suffice. Eventually if they feel like they want to take ultimate control of their own funds, they can create their own storage/security methods and be responsible on their own. For the time being, i just need them to not "oh hey, look what my son made for me! \*snaps picture and uploads to Facebook\* He said something about crypto and anarchy or something, seems neat!" Scrambling the 24 words solves that issue.
@_date: 2019-08-24 19:44:40
Definitely not anonymous.
@_date: 2019-10-31 21:48:34
Not if he wants anonymity. Bitcoin isnt anonymous.
@_date: 2019-08-31 00:08:20
"Say, TX1 is already in a block" Well, that's not possible, since we're explicitly talking about 0-conf. However, it seems that you are using the term "committed" to reference energy spent to create a valid block, meaning a block was indeed found. In that case, as long as nothing is committed on TX1, then it always makes sense to include TX2 for minimal increased fee, as nothing is committed yet. This is the situation I'm talking about.
The mempool is where transactions are pulled from to put into the block template. Due to the randomness of mining, there's no difference when swapping a mempool transaction with one in a template. If you want to make he distinction (because one can certainly be made), then that's fine. They are equivalent and interchangeable as far as miners are concerned though, and are completely indistinguishable as far as normal nodes (non mining) are concerned.
As long as no block has been found (0-conf), then yes, I'll replace TX1 with TX2 as it'll pay me more.
The block time comes from understanding how the algorithm enforces 10 minute average times. For a given block, you're more likely to find it takes closer to 10 minutes than not. If you search for all blocks &gt;15 minutes since the last one, you'll find more blocks that occur in the following 5 minutes than you will in the following 10 or 15. If you commonly found blocks taking closer to 15, they'd have to be offset with abnormally short block times to bring the average back to 10 (assuming the difficulty isn't going to adjust, which as you say, is outside our scope). It is certainly possible, but more often than not, blocks will be found closer to the 10 minute mark than not.
@_date: 2019-08-21 21:53:12
Because supporting the network and not making money aren't the same thing. If you solo mine, you're not actually contributing to anything. Mining as part of a pool, however, does contribute. You may not ever find a block for the pool, but you increase the calculated/reported hashrate, which, when combined with others, does add up to something meaningful. You also show your support for the principles of the pool. If pool operators act inappropriately, they risk losing users. As a user, you get to vote with your hash power. It may not be a lot, but when pooled together it can make a difference.
The reason you'd buy hardware is due to the magnitude of efficiency difference between your computer (either CPU or GPU) vs some pretty cheap ASIC hardware. Not everyone selling USB miners is a scammer, but you do have to take precautions when buying online/3rd party.
@_date: 2019-08-21 03:50:26
There was never going to be a full 21 million to start with due to the algorthm's design, but if you google "verified lost Bitcoin", you'll find plenty of posts about Bitcoin that was burned, intentionally not mined, etc, other than just "I had some on a hard drive that I don't have access to" posts that can't be proven to be lost.
@_date: 2019-08-12 06:19:37
I wouldn't say it's totally pointless.. But it's mostly so. It would be more beneficial to support a great pool that's helping to distribute mining and further decentralize the network.
@_date: 2019-08-18 05:47:29
So, you're advocating for tax evasion by not reporting bitcoin earnings? Seems like solid advice right there...
@_date: 2019-08-17 15:51:47
Do they have the option of buying at $21,000, or do they have to buy at $21,000? You make it sound like they're required to buy. But this is just a promise to pay, which means that the seller could *think* they're getting $21,000, only to have the buyer fall through, right? I'm sure there are legal complications and such, but there's nothing guaranteeing the sale, is there?
@_date: 2019-08-20 05:17:11
We don't necessarily need sidechains. Additionally, I believe that if the bitcoin community started moving towards sidechain development and implementation, you're almost guaranteed to see an alt coin implement it first, just to beat Bitcoin to the punch, if nothing else. This provides a testing ground for the much slower and more cautious Bitcoin development. I doubt you will ever see a feature directly implemented into Bitcoin that a handful of alts haven't implemented first. And if you do, be wary of it until it's been well tested.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:12:00
What what? I don't see anything particularly odd here.
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:34:39
Does electrum support passphrases for the Trezor?
@_date: 2019-08-14 06:25:18
Fun fact: only a minority of people have ever, in earths history, thought it flat. The vast majority of the population knew it was round, even centuries ago.
My question is: why do you need a simulation?
(I'll have to go through your pseudo code later, when I can tab format it for easier reading, but I do appreciate your including it)
I'm trying to follow your 2nd paragraph, but you've got numbers that seem to come from nowhere, so it's difficult to follow when you say "1.5 Bitcoin" when it feels like an arbitrary number, but you've used that specific number so many times it can't be.
You address the issue of full block space, which does happens, but that doesn't (usually) complicate the issue of a double spend, as the transaction with the higher fee directly replaces the transaction with the lower fee, meaning that even under the heaviest of congestion, there's no issue of block space (provided the double spend is the same or smaller).
I don't seem to be following you, because I feel like you're trying to complicate the matter and are getting lost (or are trying to apply a "how to double spend X blocks in the past" algorithm for an unconfirmed transaction, which doesn't abide by the same rules).
Let me ask you this:
You claim that for small bitcoin transactions, while bitcoin's price is high, you only have to wait a creation of a second to confidently accept an unconfirmed transaction.
What happens when I send you 1 BTC with a fee of 0.001 BTC, wait 3 minutes (no block found) and then send myself 0.99 BTC with a fee of 0.011 BTC?
Where is your guarantee that you accepted a safe transaction?
@_date: 2019-08-27 05:08:00
Does it not have modifiable firmware?
@_date: 2019-08-24 02:52:53
Yes and no. It gets complicated pretty quickly. If you just "delete" everything off your drives, nothing actually goes away. Even if your stuff has been partially written over, there are times when data can still be recovered. However, if you know what you're doing, it's quite easy to write to the disk in such a way that it can't be recovered at all (at least nothing meaningful). This has gotten better with newer technologies. Ooooold hard drives had a weird memory that liked to linger, but newer ones are usually pretty good with only a handful of passes.
One of the first pieces of software I install on new computers is called Eraser (I think the main page is a .ie site, and it's icon is a nuclear warning symbol or something). You should just be able to google "eraser". It's awesome at securely deleting files &amp; has an option to periodically wipe your free/unused hard drive space. You do this a couple times and your disk is full of garbage and unrecoverable (still functioning, just has no valid data).
@_date: 2019-08-30 05:40:18
Good to know on the passphrase!
Both Trezor and ledger confirm the address on the device. It's generated on the computer (via any software), but if you assume your computer is compromised, then that's the wrong receiving address. The ledger/Trezor will display the correct address, they won't match, and you won't lose coins that should have been sent to you. This seems like a really big oversight for how tight on security the coldcard has been up till now. I'll have to look into it to see if there's a way to do it.
@_date: 2019-08-10 05:25:17
What is "committing mining cost"? Nothing's commited in mining. Adding or switching transactions doesn't cost or waste anything. Nothing is lost. Where do you get these numbers from? 600 is average block time in minutes, but why divide by 2? 12.5 is block reward, but what is the 1.5?
There's always an incentive for bob to double spend. In the best case scenario, he keeps all the coins and the service provided. In the worst case, 100% of bobs funds go to fees and he still gets the service. Bob has literally nothing to lose. He's willing to pay 100% in fees. Alice can't even do a child pays for parent transaction for anything higher, since it's either bob's single transaction for 2 BTC, or its 1 of bob's and 1 of Alice's for 2 BTC. One of those is going to be smaller, and thus have a higher fee per kb.
0 confirmation transactions aren't safe to accept, but for low amounts or certain situations (where customers are known), the risk is mitigated enough they they'll be accepted anyway. There's no way to make them safe.
@_date: 2019-08-20 05:25:07
So, you're making the claim that forks have a purpose, but alt coins don't?
Semantics of "alt coin"'s definition aside (I'd say all forks are alts, but not all alts are forks), it doesn't matter what form something takes, as long as the market supports it. The mkre support, the more incentive to attack. I'd much rather have a $100m market cap coin exploited to a coin generation bug than to have the same issue discovered on Bitcoin. Sure, there's the testnet, but no one is looking at it because there's nothing to gain from it. Other coins with real value, however, is the perfect honeypot for exploiters to dig around.
@_date: 2019-08-09 22:10:35
Coin join can do both, as long as storage efficiency is achieved. If a transaction is 20 bytes, and 2 transactions are 40 bytes and 10 transactions are 200 bytes, then yes, there's no scalability there. But, if you can use signature aggregation and other stuff coming with shnorr, etc, then 1 transaction is 20 bytes, 2 is 38 bytes and 10 is 140 bytes. That's scaling. Efficiently too, not just increasing total size.
How does 1000 transactions on-chain (key word being on-chain) make them off chain? The idea of an off-chain transaction is one such that the details of the transaction (whether secure like lightning or insecure like an IOU) are not permanently recorded on the blockchain. A 1000 transaction on-chain transaction is, by definition, on-chain and recorded on the blockchain.
@_date: 2019-08-08 00:40:08
I was specifically addressing the 1 BTC = $1 million scenario. I said that if/when that happens, it won't be $1 million worth of purchasing power. Maybe it increases, but then we're talking about 1 BTC =/= $1 million. I even acknowledged this saying it equals $1 billion with a $1 million purchasing power.
You agreed with all my points, so what are you saying contrary to me?
@_date: 2019-08-10 05:28:10
Why in the world would you want a second chain? You drastically decrease the security of the network if you do that. And that second chain will be worthless, so no one will use it. Why does this make any sense?
You scale for today by developing efficient code, and doing things like building security into the base layer now, so that they're on by default rather than opt in. Very few people opt into extra security, but if they've never known any different, they're very unlikely to switch away from security already built in. Do that now before the masses are involved, so it scales more cleanly in the future.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:44:36
Checking in from my cardboard box.
@_date: 2019-08-08 19:45:34
You can do that without Bitcoin, but if that's what it takes for some people to think along the lines of "I should save for the future", then I'm all for it. The problem is "that video card is a $10k video card" is not that kind of thinking, and it's highly inconsistent. I doubt that same person looks at his $60 keyboard and says "that could have been $6k in my pocket if I just bought BTC instead of this keyboard". If they do, then lord help them, but far more often you hear about the "$100 million pizzas" but not the $1 billion car that someon paid fiat for rather than buying Bitcoin. The line of thinking is just absurd.
@_date: 2019-08-01 04:27:58
You said "they technically can" to the claim of "create more Bitcoin". So yes, you said that someone would be able to create more Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-24 00:39:43
I would second for using individual derivation paths for each customer.
@_date: 2019-08-25 10:51:14
I have an issue where once the device is unlocked, it doesn't seem to time out, and doesn't require the pin to connect to another device. This means that if I pulled it out to sign a transaction and someone stole it, they'd be able to keep it unlocked, connect it to their phone and then spend my funds. This seems... Dumb, and potentially short sighted of them... It's a neat device, but I won't use it outside my house.
@_date: 2019-08-27 20:02:40
Running 3, checking in!
@_date: 2019-08-08 19:54:42
Long story short: it all used to be Bitcoin (Reddit, Twitter, websites, etc). It was great as there were multiple avenues to chat about Bitcoin at. The great fork happened, and whichever side of the argument the owner of the asset fell, that's where that sub/twitter also fell. BTC has /bitcoin, BCH has /btc, I think  is BTC (edit: I'm being told its BCH, so I ultimately don't know), but bitcoin.com is BCH and bitcoin.org is BTC. /bch is owned by a BTC supporter that hates BCH, so they turned it into a troll sub. It's all over the place.
I honestly wish people would stop being bitches, setup a trusted 3rd party to facilitate changing account ownership and move on with this. It makes the entire community look bad and only serves to confuse new people.
@_date: 2019-08-02 11:35:10
That doesn't create more units of Bitcoin. It just further subdivides the amount of units of Bitcoin that exist. Again, you're wrong on your wording.
I get your intention. You're saying that there will be more Bitcoin to go around, and that's true. Instead of being stuck with 2 people, 1 of which has 1 satoshi and the other none, you're saying that further subdividing allows both o have 0.5 satoshis. That's fine and all, but there aren't more units of Bitcoin. It's still 1 satoshi. That's not going to change.
@_date: 2019-08-05 05:34:25
Username... Checks out?
@_date: 2019-08-08 04:07:44
Ethereum just did a roll back not too long ago cuz of a badly written smart contract. It can happen if the market supports it. If everyone decides that it's in their best interest to proceed with the roll back, then they value the rolled back chain more than the not rolled back chain. If no one has any value in the not rolled back chain, then it eventually dies off, or just continues along as a permanent fork.
@_date: 2019-08-25 03:02:24
Not any more than a full node for solo mining, and even less than that for standard pooled mining.
@_date: 2019-08-27 20:01:06
I was wondering where "trust Trezor or Ledger's company servers" come from, when I assume that Coldcard likewise has firmware that is compiled and loaded onto your device. I'm not sure where Coldcard requires less trust than the other 2?
@_date: 2019-08-09 21:38:55
This description makes little sense and is hard to read. It sounds like Bob sent someone 2 BTC, then successfully double spent his coins to get back 0.6 BTC... What am I missing? The person receiving Bitcoin lost out, so they have no confidence to accept 0-find transactions.
@_date: 2019-08-22 05:25:25
If you plan to donate Bitcoin, you need to send it to their address. No one should trust anyone who hands over their private keys, and the first thing you should do is sweep the accounts of anyone who gives you their private keys. Unlike Bitcoin, private keys can be copied and stored for later use, so there's no guarantee that you're actually handing over sole ownership of the Bitcoin like you think you are.
@_date: 2019-08-15 19:56:57
It seems we're getting no where with this conversation. If a miner, 9 blocks after the last block was found, decides to switch from TX1 to TX2, they only stand to benefit from a block that they could potentially find. Assuming they own 100% of the hash power, that block *should* happen within the next minute or so, but it's completely random. It could take another 10 minutes, but it could also take 1 second. Because miners regularly change out transactions while mining, but blocks are still solved in the 10 minute average, that's proof that your thinking is incorrect. Miners constantly change transactions that are included, but that doesn't reset any of the 10 minute targets. If you include a high enough fee (to force yourself into a full block, but let's assume 0 other transactions, meaning your fee just has to be &gt;0), your transaction is guaranteed to be included in the very next block (regardless of how long since the last block), assuming perfectly greedy miners. There's no efficiency loss by switching transactions at any point in the mining process. No costs are sunk or otherwise wasted. I don't know how else to convey this to you. 0-conf transactions are never completely safe. You can do your math to find that 1-conf are safe(r) due to how high a fee would have to be to encourage miners to do a reorg, but double spending a 0-conf only requires a fee greater than the initial transaction fee (again, assuming perfectly greedy miners).
It doesn't seem like we'll be able to see eye to eye, but best of luck in your understandings.
@_date: 2019-08-10 12:13:43
What is "energy work committed"?
I read quite a few of that chain, and I stopped at "Also, with a (astronomically) wealthy attacker who is willing to commit the cost, every tx can be double spent, no matter how deep the tx buried in the block chain."
You're taking about rewriting the blocks, not accepting 0 conf transactions. Yet, in this thread, you use the same kind of logic to defend 0 conf, but it doesn't work. Rewriting blocks is expensive, yes, but you're not doing that in 0 conf.
@_date: 2019-08-09 16:08:43
Interesting... Does electrum have a "plug in passphrase" button you have to click? I understand how passphrases work, but not how they're used on the Trezor outside of the Trezor specific software. That's the main reason I never use my Trezor. Ledger makes it dead simple.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:42:32
Thanks for the paste, wasn't sure if it was hardware based or if it could be done through the USB "physical access".
@_date: 2019-08-20 21:47:18
"It will not be actively vulnerable if miners set C2(t) some non-zero value."
This requires a fork (hard or soft - depending on how it's implemented, but I suspect soft), otherwise even if all miners (out of the kindness of their hearts) switch to using a non zero C2(t), it's still actively exploitable. If it's not in the ruleset to explicitly forbid it, it's still exploitable.
However, this does bring us aaaaaaalll the way back around to where I asked if what you proposed is how the network currently operates or how it should operate (a proposal for safely accepting 0-conf transactions). You claimed it was how the network currently worked, which is not true. Your entire argument rests on "if miners..." Which means it's a proposed solution.
As a proposed solution, it has some weight. There could be formulas in place to tell miners when they can and can't accept transactions based on fees and work done, etc. However, this hurts RPF and intentional double spends to recover a user's funds, so I wouldn't be in support of it. I take the stance of "until it's in a block, let miners make an economical decision to include whatever transaction they want, wether it be be first (out of principle) or the second (for the additional income)."
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:43:35
They'll know you have Bitcoin when you report it. Only way for them to not know is to not report.
@_date: 2019-08-10 00:13:44
Wait, the passphrase is entered on the computer and not the device?
I understand not needing to have the device connected unless you're signing, makes sense. Using the native Trezor software wallet does something different with the passphrase. It has you plug it in on the device (you should NEVER type your passphrase in anywhere!), but then to use the passphrase, you have to power cycle the device for some reason. You then have to manually disable the passphrase to turn it back off. Seems like electrum makes the problem worse.
Btw, which device do you have?
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:47:02
What's the difference between locking into a future vs just selling on the spot?
Why would someone pay $21,400 now to buy 2 BTC in the future, when they could get more than 2 BTC now? Or do you not pay until the future? If you don't, then what's to stop someone from buying millions worth and never paying? Wouldn't that cause serious issues?
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:19:41
Are you trying to build your own wallet? I guess I'm just confused at what "in complete control over my private key" is supposed to mean.
@_date: 2019-08-07 04:09:58
While it would be nice, if BTC ever does hit $1 million, it won't have the purchasing power of current day $1 million does. There's still lots of room for Bitcoin to grow, but I don't think we'll see 7 digits without some serious devaluation of the USD. Course, we could way overshoot it where BTC is $1 billion, but has the purchasing power of $1 million today. Who knows...
@_date: 2019-10-31 04:57:21
Yes, but not all of it. There have been countless stories about hacks and/or accidents where someone sent the payment as the fee, or otherwise had absurdly high fees. The owner reached out to the miners (the community at large, really) and the miner who found the block gave it back. Those would be included in the total above, but dont represent real fees paid.
@_date: 2019-08-20 10:51:58
I haven't used a definition that wasn't the widely accepted use of definitions. "Confirm" means included in a block, not "guaranteed" - this is why you wait for multiple confirms to have a high probability of assurances. There is no such thing as a "instant TX", not sure why you bring that up. Nor why you bring up prime numbers and their quantity. I've not mentioned them at all, so you seem to have kinda gone off the rails there...
"The mining task after the block template changes". You draw attention to this specifically as if the block template is some big deal - as if it rarely changes. The block template is changed every second, by nearly every miner. If all your calculations about compensation1 were true, no miner would ever change the block template due to "wasted" (or already commited resources - your pick), but that's simply not true. Additionally, your claim that if you change the template at block time 3, that you should expect to find the next block 10 minutes away also doesn't hold true, as proven by the network (on average) consistently finding blocks that are only 7 minutes away (from the now at time 3), despite changing the block template. Take all the blocks (let's assume a perfect 10 minute delivery time, as averaged out) and go to the 3 minute time, and then figure out the average time until next block found. It's necessarily 7 minutes away, by definition of the network rules.
You're trying to use complicated math when it's incredibly simple. There is no compensation1 that needs to be accounted for. TX2 is always more profitable (worth more, brings in more income, etc - take your pick) than TX1. If you spend 3 minutes mining TX1, switching to TX2 will result in a block exactly the same time T away, meaning you either spend (assuming now is 3 minutes in) 7 minutes to mine TX1 or 7 minutes to mine TX2. It can't be a brand new 10 minutes away every time you change the block template, else you'd see no miners ever change the template. There simply isn't enough search space to hash a single block template for longer than even a second.
You should do some more research on the double spend attack - since it's a well known and documented attack that is actively vulnerable. If your equations even remotely held true, you'd see it documented somewhere else, but they don't. You didn't discover some great solution to the attack - Bitcoim is still vulnerable.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:16:56
Not if you never find a block, but if you mine in a pool that provides features you support, such as the new nicehash stuff, then you not only help secure the network (by choosing your own transactions), but you also send a message to miners that there is support for such protocols and that they should also implement them to help further decentralize the network.
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:11:50
Airdrops are selective forks. You have to do something to qualify for your address' balance to be copied over to the new chain in exchange for some of the new coins. There are legitimate air drops, but there are certainly ones that try to capitalize on fools. Heard of one who's client had a bug in it that grabbed private keys you had to import in order to redeem your airdropped coins. So, you go to redeem your 1 ADB (airdropped bitcoin), it realizes that you still have 1 BTC sitting in that address on the Bitcoin network and sends that to the attacker while letting you redeem your airdrop coin to make you feel good.
Edit: looking into it, it seems many airdrops have mutated into some weird social media bullshit. Guess that makes them more exciting than "move your coins sometime within the last year" campaigns.
@_date: 2018-06-05 04:10:26
Your right in that the 1.13e77 is super secure, but that number provides the security that allows us to use the tech in the first place. What you're pointing out is that its nearly impossible for anyone to randomly re\-generate my exact passphrase, which is true. At some point in time \(short of fully memorizing your 24 words\), you've got to write down your passphrase. If you write it down in order, then there is 1 in 1 chance of someone seeing it and knowing the correct order. I used a simple algorithm to make that a 1 in 6.2e23 chance. The algorithm isn't cryptologically secure, sure, but it's meant to thwart anyone who happens to see it and make them have to work for it long enough that they deem it not worth their time/costs for some unknown \(if any\) payout.
@_date: 2019-08-08 04:26:03
Just for the record, no one is sending *you* Bitcoin. The BTC is transferred on the blockchain into another address. You just so happen to own the private keys required to inform the network to send them out of that particular address to another one. Once you understand this, you'll realize that an Internet connection isn't required at all for receiving (because you aren't actually receiving anything).
Sending can also be done without a connection, provided you have the right input data to provide to the signing hardware. Once signed, someone will then need to transmit that message to the network, but it doesn't have to be you. This is how nlocktime (inheritance) transactions work. You sign them "offline" (not currently valid, essentially the same from the network's perspective), you keep them till you die, then whoever inherits your stuff gets to redeem them.
@_date: 2019-08-11 13:44:07
Okay, I see where you're coming from. You have a fundamental misunderstanding of how the mining process works. Miners don't create a static block template and hash on it until a block is found. It's constantly changing. Even a pool will distribute different templates for its workers to hash on, with each working doing work on a different set of transactions, and then provide them with additional transactions to add when they run out of work to do (which happens insanely fast).
For a person who's doing a "legit" double spend, the fee they pay needs to just be greater than the fee of the first transaction. If a miner accepts double spends (some actively reject them), the second transaction will immediately replace the first. There is no "lost" or "wasted" or "invested" energy in the first transaction due to the random nature of mining. Transactions get swapped out every second. Even if the second transaction has no higher fee, you can still swap it out, as it gives you more search space. The only time the miner would lose money is if they accepted a transaction that had a lower fee than the one it was replacing.
Edit: I chose attacker as it's typically the case that it's not just done in error. Most clients won't let you actively double spend a transaction, so you kind of have to go out of your way to do it. It is fair to point out that's not always the case, but even so, if the receiving party is online, the situation more closely reflects the attacker scenario, where the sender eventually ends up sending the full transaction value as a fee just to prevent the receiver from getting it. In this case, both parties lose.
@_date: 2019-10-13 03:40:07
Venno is a service built on top of a currency, Bitcoin is a currency. That's like saying that the MLB is better than football. One is a business, the other a sport.
Venmo, and services like it, will continue to exist even if Bitcoin became the global currency. Bitcoin is cool and all, but it has certain trade offs that allow its security model to work. The security model is more important, which is why we are comfortable with those trade offs. Companies will see market opportunities to make the reverse trade off and profit off them. Consumers won't want the responsibility of safely storing their crypto, so banks will offer that service to them. People will need loans, banks will also offer that service. Maybe some people don't have a path for lightning, or not enough liquidity available, so they'll pay their friends through venmo pseudo-lightning. There will always be services built on top of whatever currency is being used, which'll fill in the gaps/disadvantages of the currency.
@_date: 2019-10-07 23:14:35
They will, when their fiat finally blows up. It's really not that difficult, and there aren't a whole lot of alternatives. Before that happens, I see a state actor releasing a state sponsored coin to try to convert those in crypto to use theirs (so they maintain control). This will get many people familiar with the idea, and when it eventually collapses, Bitcoin will be there with open arms.
@_date: 2019-08-19 10:14:25
One could do it by hand I suppose, and I'm sure someone has somewhere...
One thing to note: trusting a memory stick means you're also trusting any and all computers you plug it into. (And any and all computers it might have been plugged into before you got it, even if it's new.)
@_date: 2019-08-24 19:56:21
If SHA(&lt;all the stuff&gt;) &lt; target_difficulty
..return true
You just do the math. Turn the output of the SHA function into its rawest representation: binary. Then turn he difficulty number into binary as well. Look for the first 1, highest significant digit to least significant (typically left to right). Whichever one has the 1 first (skipping over when they both match 0s or both match 1s) is the larger number.
You typically see the "X leading zeros" as a quick way to explain it, but it's not strictly by the number of actual (base 10 representation) number of zeros. It's by the actual number itself. If I told you that you to guess a 4 digit number, but required you to have 1 leading zero (base 10), I limit you from 10,000 choices to just 1,000 choices. I believe the algorithm is much more fine tuned than that. I don't think it requires a certain number of bits to be zero (I.e. 1000 0000 0000 vs 0100 0000 0000) but is just a number. Eventually, after the difficulty decreases multiple times, you end up with decimal leading zeros. If you take the same scenario before, but instead of a 4 digit number, you started with 8 digits (I'm still only accepting 3 digits though), then your numbers would look like 00000863, and thus a quick "ELI5" answer is "moar leading zeros!"
@_date: 2019-08-23 02:22:06
The way I see it is this (making up fees cuz I can't remember what I said earlier):
1) I keep mining on TX1 expecting it to clear any minute and get 12.5 + 0.001 BTC reward
2) I switch mining to TX2 expecting it to clear any minute and get 12.5 + 0.01 BTC reward
Seems like a no brainer to switch and get more money, considering they'd both take the same amount of time (on average) to find.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:13:32
I want privacy on the base layer, because without it, you leak/lose privacy on all other layers. If you want your identity tied to all your transaction history, then post your information online for all to see, but I think I'll pass.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:05:22
They're not even playing in the same arena. They aren't competitors.
@_date: 2019-08-09 21:42:06
First seen doesn't have to be robust. The confirmations are robust.
@_date: 2019-08-26 21:14:44
"doesn't pay more enough" doesn't exist. More is more. If *you* choose to place some sort of artificial value on time spent in the mempool, that's on you. But a perfectly greedy miner will always accept the higher payment. I don't know why you think getting a block worth 12.5+0.001 is worth more than 12.5 + 0.01, but I certainly don't.
@_date: 2019-08-13 19:35:25
Aurora, CO?
@_date: 2019-08-23 02:19:19
True, and good point on the CT - it would be harder to know which to censor, but there are plenty of ways to collect that information outside the chain and correlate it back to chain information.
If you look back through my posts, I never claimed zero cost, but "near zero cost". Obviously it's not complexity $0.00, but it's so cheap as to be written off without blinking, especially compared to other chains.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:34:21
The purpose of a hardware wallet is not for cold storage, it's for warm storage. The ability to securely spend your funds without compromising your private key. Cold storage is easy, but spending from the cold storage is where you compromise all your security. Hardware wallets bridge this gap by providing a cool/warm (whichever you like) storage option, where your keys are "online" (device connected to a computer and/or the Internet) but in a secure fashion.
@_date: 2019-08-22 03:29:48
Transactions at large wouldn't be undone, they'd just re-include all transactions besides the specific one they were censoring. The fact that mathematical calculations aren't required to do this (in the proof of work sense) means that miners can indeed collude to perform this attack for near zero cost.
You can't do that with bitcoin. If a transaction was confirmed 50 blocks ago, you've got to (in one way or another) do the math on 50 blocks worth of hashes. Even if you had 80% of the network working on it, it would still take 6.7 hours and cost roughly $6.25m (50 blocks \* 12.5 BTC/block \* 80% of the network (assuming it'll eventually surpass the longest chain) \* $10k (price of bitcoin, under the assumption that mining cost = mining income)).
Thats a hell of a large cost compared to having your Liquid nodes collude and regenerate 500 blocks (assuming the transaction took place 500 minutes ago on both chains). This is why federated chains aren't nearly as secure as proof of work.
Edit: clarifications
Edit 2: my math for rewriting proof of work also doesn't take into account the additional cost of the remaining 20% of the network still working on the longest chain. That means not only does the 80% have to do 6.7 hours of mining, but also an additional 1.3 hours to make up for the amount of progress the 20% made. But during that 1.3 hours, the 20% made an additional 0.25 hours of progress. The total time to rewrite the 50 blocks and have it accepted is closer to 8 hours worth of mining.
@_date: 2019-08-11 05:49:46
That's not gonna happen. Thankfully everything is divisible by 10, unlike computer storage space being divisible by 1024, which leads to manufacturers "rounding up". Bitcoin is well established as being 100m sats. Also, if a company did shady stuff like that, either all companies need to, or people will migrate to more honest companies.
@_date: 2019-10-05 14:58:11
How much BTC could that full value buy you today (or when you spent it)? If you hit that value, you've hit break even point from an investment perspective. Don't think that just because you hit the fiat equivalent of what you spent means you broke even. You gotta get to your opportunity cost for this investment to be worthwhile vs just outright buying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-21 03:13:40
As long as you pay the taxes you owe dependin on the country in which you live's laws, then you aren't evading anything. If you owe taxes on every sale like the US, then as long as you keep records &amp; account for it, it's not tax evasion.
All those comments you see of "sorry IRS, looks like I lost my crypto!" are tax evasion, and illegal. I wouldn't recommend following in their footsteps.
@_date: 2019-08-29 19:21:21
You don't need to advertise anything, but I'd (as a perfectly greedy miner) accept any fee such that it's greater than 0. That means I get paid more. "If I've attempted to mine on your TX1 for T time, and you supply a TX2 such that TX2.fee &gt; TX1.fee, I'll drop TX1 from the mempool and continue mining with TX2, for all T &gt; 0." Is that what you want? Honestly, I'm not sure I understand what you're asking for here.
If you choose to have a fee associated with mempool parking, that's on you. A perfectly greedy miner will take any and all transactions into the mempool in order to give them the largest pool of highest paying fees to choose from.
I still don't understand how you fail to see that 12.5 + TX2.fee always pays more for TX1.fee, when you don't commit any additional resources to it. If you mine on TX1 for 8 minutes, then switch to TX2, you're just as likely to find a block in the next 2 minutes as if you never switched, meaning you always switch to the highest paying fees. There's nothing more to discuss there, unless you think the mining time does change, at which point I can't help you.
@_date: 2019-10-04 02:43:35
Bitcoin doesn't work well as an interplanetary currency. It's exceedingly difficult to share blocks across lightyears.
@_date: 2019-10-10 03:39:35
Oh, I certainly agree that extra clarify is always better. Was just pointing out that many of these questions aren't show stoppers, just hiccups that require some forethought and documentation.
I'm actually quite please with how I was talked through forks when filing my taxes. We discussed the issue and compared similar(ish) scenarios with existing assets, and decided that a reasonable person would accept forks to be closer to income, rather than a stock split, for example. I know a lot of people have treated them with zero cost basis, or a split cost basis, or whatever, but I've always advocated for income classification. It's the most in taxes, but it makes the most sense without getting crypto specific rulings. Seems like they still aren't going that route yet (trying to make a square pin fit in a round hole), but at least more guidance is better than nothing.
@_date: 2019-08-30 15:10:03
You wouldn't necessarily have to hack electrum. You could scan memory looking for BTC addresses and replace them with your own information. It wouldn't necessarily be consistent/persistent (showing you fake balances, etc), but it certainly could be programmed to do that. Imagine importing your wallet, a virus detects it, swaps all your generated addresses with their generated addresses. You then think you own address 123impwnd, so you send finds there. It's also pretty clear on the blockchain that 123impwnd shows your balance, you just don't realize your private keys don't match up. That's not outside the realm of possibility.
@_date: 2019-10-11 00:40:49
In theory they could. There's always a threat of 51%, but the outcome of such an attack is up in the air. If a significant portion of the legit miners decide to fork off from the corrupted miners, it would cause a hard fork, and the community would have to decide who to follow, even if it's not the longest chain. If the community decides they didn't like China messing with the chain, they could choose the shorter chain to side with, sell off their longer chain coins and buy shorter chain coins, hoping that many others do the same. In the end, I suspect it'll be a fracture similar to Ethereum and Ethereum Classic (which is exactly why Classic exists - people decided that colluding miners rewriting history was bad for the ecosystem and don't support it).
@_date: 2019-08-04 00:07:10
Pretty sure you're looking for the word 'bullshit', but that's just like, my opinion man.
@_date: 2019-08-03 14:32:32
No. You have to assume that, if at any point in its lifespan it was connected to the Internet, it's as corrupted as you can get. If you want to generate an offline seed, no problem. You're infected with a bug that causes all the seeds you generate to be ones known to an attacker. So even though you're offline, you're generating precomputed seeds that allows someone to steal your crypto.
You'd need to air gap the computer, securely wipe it, then reinstall an OS. Do your updates (if desired, though they aren't necessary I suppose), and secured copy over any necessary software desired. At that point, it's fairly secure. It's kinda a big hassle, which is why I highly suggest something like Tails OS, which just creates a secure boot environment from a USB stick, rather than taking an entire computer offline permanently. He doenside is it's slightly less secure, but it's a happy medium.
@_date: 2019-08-09 16:14:07
That's actually not true, and was recently demonstrated in practice at 100 transactions in a single coin join. If we work towards further optimizations, such as a single aggregate signature for all inputs, it becomes efficient to have as many transactions congregated as possible. The network supports this (to a point - obviously a million transactions exceed the total blocks pace allowance, but that's where optimizations come in), and we're constantly working to improve the efficiency.
@_date: 2019-10-23 20:38:01
You mean inflation? Permanent inflation? I think that's what you meant to say. Go pitch it to BCH or BSV, they might be down for that there...
One more serious note, why does the block reward from 1 Satoshi to 0 satoshis cause an issue? Or is 1 Satoshi too little too? In that case, is 2 satoshis too little? 4? 8? 1,000? 10,000? Where do you draw the line? If price doubles, does your line cut in half? If hashrate doubles, does your line double?
The future payout amounts are perfectly known, and miners can decide for themselves if they want to mine and how much they want to invest into mining. If Bitcoin is worth enough, people will pay the fees which'll support the miners. If it's not worth a lot (value, not monetarily), then there isn't much need in protecting the network, so there will be less miners.
Technology improvements will come along, changes can and will be made so that a collective whole is being charged pennies which collectively provide fees for miners. We'll scale to that when it's appropriate to scale to that. Doing that now is like buying a $5,000 4K TV when they first released before any digital mediums supported it. Even now, streaming is just starting to do (kinda) 4K content, and you can pickup a TV for $100. Entire countries skipped telephone lines because they were able to jump straight into wireless communications. They didn't need to spend billions laying copper wire. Point is, when we get to a problem, we'll fix it until we get to the next. There's no need to fix future problems we don't know will even be problems in the first place.
@_date: 2019-08-24 02:57:35
It doesn't matter which 10 minutes' worth of expenses in covering. If TX2 pays more, then it's worth it to mine it over TX1. If it doesn't pay more, then it doesn't matter which I mine. I could configure the software to ignore both TX1 *and* TX2 anytime there is another TX (from an unrelated wallet) that pays the same as TX1/2. The idea there is that I'm no worse off financially, but I'm "punishing" the sender for trying to double spend. Alternatively, I could intentionally refuse to mine TX1 or TX2 until one or the other creates a TX3 that offers a higher fee. I'm free to do any of those, at the expense of the fee from TX1/TX2. Being purely greedy, I'd take the higher paying one, whichever it is.
@_date: 2019-08-26 05:24:04
This is wrong. You should generate yourself 1 seed phrase, then use it on whatever devices you want to have access that account. If you want your ledger &amp; Trezor to both be able to spend funds, plug in the seed phrase. God forbid you should want your computer to access them (which I don't suggest because it's insecure), you would just plug your seed into whatever software you want there.
There's no need to generate more than 1 seed. Passphrases work well for separating your coins into their own pools/accounts (prevents cross account spending).
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:07:09
If I'm not mistaken, RBF and a classic double spend operate on the exact same principle. You're changing a transaction that you already told everyone you were going to do, but included a higher fee on the 2nd transaction to encourage miners to collect the fee over what everyone *thought* you were going to do. Setting the RBF bit is just a "hey, I'm politely informing you that I may try to double spend this intentionally (usually to the same address), just in case I need to speed up the confirmation time". It's quite possible that miners reject any suspected double spend transactions, favoring the first one they saw, or refuse to include them all together, whereas a RBF flag won't raise as many suspicions. Either way, they should be the exact same mechanic vulnerable to the same issues.
@_date: 2019-08-12 06:25:38
You don't need to be first to do firmware updates... And you probably don't need to do them at all. Most exploits for the devices all rely on physical access, and while some of them can be solved via firmware updates, not all of them can be. At that point, there's no need to update them. They're no less secure than your physical storage of your seed words, but still allow secure spending.
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:19:55
Why do you need 12,000 transactions per second, when you can have 1,000 users in a single transaction? Efficiency over quantity. Scaling up one is easy, but the other much more difficult (but more rewarding the longer it's implemented) and potentially impossible if not done early.
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:00:29
Centralized nodes can be shut down by governments, sure. But shutting down the entire network would be incredibly difficult. It's quite possible that enough government's got together and simultaneously shit down a vast majority of the miners such that blocks all but stopped. The value of Bitcoin would plummet as no one could do anything with their coins, and the difficulty would be so high that getting more blocks would take a considerably long time. Sure, it would eventually recover to 10 minute block times, but it would be almost worthless by then because of lost consumer confidence. The better approach would be to create their own "coin" that they do force buybacks with. Buy up the crypto at a set price, make trading in it illegal, then shut down miners. That gets people away from Bitcoin and into FedCoin.
@_date: 2019-08-08 04:43:06
The authority on the difference between a sale and a transfer is you. If you say you shouldn't be taxed on it because it was a transfer, the IRS says "prove it" and as long as you aren't lying, you're good. If you can't prove it, they'll tax you in their best interest.
@_date: 2019-08-12 08:08:57
An air gapped computer, using USB as the transfer medium? There are plenty of vulnerabilities that bridge that gap. It's not a bad system, but to use in leu of an actual secure environment? I'll pass on that.
@_date: 2019-08-03 00:30:28
You've got to be very picky and distinct about the wording you're using. There are units of account, and then there are amounts of the accounting units. Nothing can be done about the amount of satoshis (being the currently smallest unit of account). That number is fixed. What you can create by subdividing is another unit of account. I'd refrain from calling this "new" as its too easily mistaken for "additional amounts of a given unit of accounting". And you're right. If we subdivide satoshis into 100, as is done on the lightning network, one could give this unit a name, creating another unit of account. Let's call this "bips" for sake of argument. In this case, another unit of account was created, but no new amount of any unit was created. 1 satoshi is 100 bips. If you "turn" your 130 satoshis into bips, you'll have 13,000 bips, but it's still 132 satoshis. Nothing is lost or gained, it's just renamed with a different decimal place.
However, this is a silly argument, as its just saying "we can create a name used to describe more things", as that's all a unit of account is. It doesn't matter which unit of account is used, and therefore the number of them that exist is meaningless. What matters the most is that no new quantities of any unit can be created, which is what OPs initial post was about. You're free to name it whatever you want.
@_date: 2019-08-30 05:37:47
1) what do you consider "committed"? The work done hashing on a set of transactions period, or the work done hashing on a set of transactions committed to a block? I'm sure my previous usage wasn't consistent, as I'm not quite sure what you define it as (hence my use of "attempted to mine"). Anytime you calculate a hash of a transaction that could result in a valid block is work being done, but I wouldn't consider it committed until a block is found, as then your work is cemented and paid for.
2) Miners mine the highest paying transactions in the mempool. Until a transaction is committed into a block, it sits in the mempool. Even the transactions that are being hashed on are sitting in the mempool.
3) "Attempted to mine" is non-block finding.
If I want to double spend, I simply provide a higher fee, as do thousands of others every day that use RBF. RBF *is* double spending, you just set a flag that says "I might want to double spend this transaction" so miners know to keep an eye out for it. It looks less malicious than someone trying to double spend a non RBF.
I am aware of what probability is. I am aware that there is no guarantee on any block being found at any point in time. However, yes, if it's been 15 minutes since the last block, you are more likely (assuming no hash rate change) to have a block in the next 30 seconds than the next 30 minutes. If you weren't more likely to get blocks close to the 10 minute mark, then the difficulty would change. You don't expect to get those random 2 second blocks that happen from time to time, but you do. Their probability is very low. It turns into a bell curve, with faster blocks and slower blocks becoming increasingly less probable. So yes, if it's been a long time since the last block, it's more likely going to happen now, rather than later.
Your 8+2 example is super confusing. If you look at all historical blocks who weren't mined in the first 8 minutes, you'll find that most of them were mined within the next 2 (to 4, it's a bell curve, but the average would be at exactly the 2 minute mark - ignoring difficulty changes). You can't take an arbitrary amount of time since the last block (8 minutes) and then say from that time, the block won't be found for another 10 minutes, as this would create 18 minute block times. If you could take an arbitrary time and extend it by 10 minutes, then a block would never be found. For every minute the block wasn't found, it wasn't expected to be found for another 10, meaning it'll forever be expected 10 minutes away. Been 2 hours? 10 more minutes.
This logic doesn't work as long block times would necessarily skew difficulty to bring the average back to 10 minute blocks. If you had a string a blocks that all took 18 minutes, difficulty would adjust to bring the average back down to 10. Therefore, in a balanced network, you get 10 minute average block times, with shorter &amp; longer blocks faking off on a bell curve. After 8 minutes with no block, you should expect one very shortly, compared to having just found a block and looking for the next.
Edit: looks like "bell curve" may be incorrect terminology. Seems bell curve tends to refer to normal distributions, which Bitcoin block times are not, my assumption was "bell curve" allied to all types of distributions that resulted in the bell shape (regardless of skew).
Edit 2: Read an interesting article about the expected time between blocks being closer to 20 minutes, but from what I gather, this is only done from a skewed sampling perspective. The idea is that at any point in time (say now), you're more likely to have picked a time between long blocks than you are between shorter block times. I'll have to work through wether or not this actually affects anything, as average times (when sampled on the blocks and not on time) remain constant at 10. So, you can alternatively look at it for "after a given block was mined, what was the average time until the next block was mined" and the answer is 10. If you look at it from a "from right now, what's the average time until the next is found?" Perspective, then yes, it would be 10 minutes. I don't look at it from the perspective of "now", but from when that last block was mined. From that event, the average is 10. Either way, does t change the TX fee thing.
@_date: 2019-08-03 16:41:31
I don't quite agree with this. It is my understanding (and correct me if I'm wrong) that SegWit transactions are, indeed, backwards compatible. This is only possible if the original clients can validate/verify a proper signature. Essentially, anyone is allowed to spend SegWit funds according to the oldest clients. The reason why we don't see blocks that randomly spend segwit funds is because the users have agreed that "despite the proper signature, you should check this additional field for additional qualifications necessary before considering a transaction valid". As far as I'm aware, Bitcoin has only hard forked once due to a bug, meaning that SegWit necessarily **is** Bitcoin, since all of its transactions **are** valid transactions according to the original clients.
@_date: 2019-08-29 19:33:05
I ended up picking one up to play around with. Kinda bummed at the massive spread they charge to accept BTC. Was something like an extra $7 on my order price...
Persistent in this phrase means the device remembers your last used passphrase. The Trezor does this, where you manually have to reset it to "no passphrase" every time you use it. The Ledger, on the other hand, always reverts to a known state when unplugged, regardless of whether I plugged in a passphrase or not. This means that not only do you need my seed, but you also have to plug in the passphrase - an extra layer of security. It doesn't seem like coldcard does this, which is odd.
One thing that does concern me with videos people posted (only browsed through a couple), is how receive addresses are generated. Are they confirmed on the coldcard, or only generated from an external wallet? I only saw individuals using the 2nd method, but I don't know if that's a limitation of the coldcard or if they weren't using it.
I did read up on its other features and decided to make the plunge to see what everyone is raving about.
@_date: 2019-08-24 00:40:07
Why are you using a Trezor?
@_date: 2019-08-24 13:37:09
Local copy of what? There's nothing to have a local copy of. You plug in hex, it spits out text.
@_date: 2019-08-04 15:27:25
You talking about initial download? Cuz you're not getting around that any way you look at it. At least 1 nose needs to do the full download, but I don't hit anywhere near 600gig of upload a month. That's simply absurd... 375 gig combined upload/download in June, 500 gig combined in May. And I run/update steam, battle.net, etc, as well as movies, Netflix, YouTube, etc. (and 3 full nodes)
Those requirement numbers are retarded. You've got something severely misconfigured if you're getting anywhere near that.
@_date: 2019-08-05 16:01:21
Most companies that accept Bitcoin tend to immediately sell them cuz hey have bills to pay in fiat. This doesn't work with them. You end up giving up consumer protection and usually paying more (usually from the exchange spread on rebuy) for the item.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:08:28
Yes. You can easily do it by looking at a dice wallet generator and following their source code. Just do the math yourself.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:21:15
This is true. But that's why you just sell off a handful every year to avoid the massive taxes, unless you're intending on selling everything off to make a large purchase or get out of the market.
@_date: 2019-08-04 07:37:07
Those requirements are bullshitt. I run 3 nodes and hit nowhere near those numbers.
@_date: 2019-08-08 04:35:55
Any time you convert BTC to anything eke (USD, RTH, etc), it counts for your capital gains/losses. It doesn't matter how many Bitcoin you have at the end of the day, it's your cost basis difference. If you bought 10 BTC at $1 each, sold all at $5 each, bought 5 at $10 each, even though you only have half your BTC, you have to realize $40 in capital gains. This applies even if you never withdraw to your account. However, the act of withdrawing or transferring from one wallet/service to another wallet/service isn't taxed, because you're just moving it around. It's only when you sell (in any form), that you realize gains/losses.
Edit: in your example, you bought at $11,700, sold at $12k - bam! $300 capital gains. You bought back at $11,500, did whatever you want with it (move it here, move it there - as long as it's not a sale/exchange), nothing to tax. Sell it 10 years down the road for $100k, bam! $88,500 in capital gains.
@_date: 2019-08-01 14:21:35
The only issue with native is that some wallets don't support sending to your native address, and they require either a 3 or a 1 address. If you don't deal with a whole lot of other services/sites that aren't updated, you got nothing to worry about. I highly recommend native, but then changing your derivation keys so that you have a non native (3) address when you need it. Shouldn't be often, and this minimizes fees.
@_date: 2019-10-10 03:47:09
Read up on what? I brought up too many points for a blanket "read up on this" comment.
@_date: 2019-08-18 05:42:36
I think the point of Bitcoin is a distributed trust model, and the fact that any user can use Bitcoin for whatever purpose they want to use it for. If that's as a temporary holding while transferring from one fiat to another, that's fine. The network doesn't discriminate and neither should we. Sure, we can encourage others to accept and spend to create that circle, but that can't be *the* point of bitcoin. It is what the users make it.
@_date: 2019-08-08 23:24:49
I don't quite believe that to be true. Most of the BCH community has now accepted the BCH ticker. It's been a long while since I've seen someone complain about the ticker. Wether or not it's the "real Bitcoin", sure, but not the ticker. I think part of not giving up r/btc is the mentality thing, but the accounts haven't been traded because of the ideas of those who hold them.
I've always been a fan of deleting r/Bitcoin, replacing it with a "Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin cash (BCH), etc" links to r/btc, r/bch, etc. and disallowing comments. Accounts would then change hands to be appropriate. This would help keep things clear, and make the community look less disorganized.
All that said, I'm not in the camp of "not BTC, must be scam". I make those calls for myself, reflected in my portfolio holdings, but I watch the market to decide where the market as a whole perceives value to be. I just wish it were immediately more clear to newcomers and make sure they were aware that going to a specific sub has them learning about a specific coin. I don't support those who call BCH "Bitcoin" and BTC "Bitcoin Core" (which is actually BCC, and is an entirely different coin). If they want to say "Bitcoin cash is the real Bitcoin as intended to be", I have no issue, cuz it's clear they're taking about BCH.
@_date: 2019-08-08 04:28:08
You don't need to even send anything to address A. If you know address A exists, it's on the block explorers and you can track anything that enters it.
@_date: 2019-10-14 05:46:05
Simple statistics.
Your "now" is any given random second that you check to see when the next block will come. In an average 10 minute block, there are 600 such chances. In a 1 minute block, there are 60 chances, and in a 20 minute block, there are 1200 such chances. You are statistically more likely to randomly pick a "now" such that you're in a 20 minute block, than you are a 1 minute block.
If you picked 20 random times from our 3 sample block times, you end up with 0.3% 1-minute blocks, 32.3% 10-minute blocks, and 64.5% 20-minute blocks. That means of your 20 samples, you have 0 1-minute blocks, 6 10-minute blocks, and 14 20-minute blocks. The average block time for any given "now" is 17 minutes. (This is not to say that you'll wait 17 minutes, but the block after you check will come out 17 minutes after the last block)
If you run the numbers for the Bitcoin blockchain at large, I think the average time for any given "now" is 20 minutes.
Can't say I've ever needed to send a TX faster than the next several blocks, so I've never paid attention to the times.
Edit: fixed numbers
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:17:23
Teeeeeechnically... 1 bitcoin is actually 100 million satoshis. You don't divide 1 bitcoin to get to 100m satoshis, you have to add up 100m satoshis to get to 1 bitcoin. There is no concept of "a bitcoin" according to the code - everything is measured in satoshis. The more you know!
@_date: 2019-10-10 03:26:55
I don't know that there is a court case or specific guidance on that - at least he didn't cite one in our dealings - but the knowledge was passed on having decades of experience in the business. He said that in times when people he's helped have been audited, they were able to submit their "we proceeded the best we could" statements and have seen penalties waived, fees dropped and interest charges removed. It probably doesn't happen to everyone, so YMMV, but that was the guidance given to me.
As far as conversion dealings, look into people that are paid in stocks but choose to immediately liquidate them. A quick Google search shoes that "stocks" and "taxes" in the same sentence provides an overwhelming amount of material you'll have to look through.
If you look at it through another lense, if I gave you a bunch of junk for helping me move, but you need money, you've got to sell the junk. If you have a yard sale and price things "reasonably" (again, to avoid the $1 car scenario), then whatever your earnings got you are what you were paid. If you couldn't sell the broken microwave, it's fair market value is $0. If you sell off your Bitcoin as soon as you are able to, it's fair market value is what price you got on the exchange.
From yet another perspective, when you are calculating capital gains, you don't use the exchange price as your cost basis, you use what you actually paid or what you actually received. If Bitcoin is trading at $10k, you buy 1.0 BTC and $1075 leaves your account ($50 exchange fee, $25 bank wire fee, whatever). Your BTC has a cost basis of $10,075, not the market price of $10k. Similarly, if you immediately sell that coin back and only end up with $970 in your account, your price for the sale was $970, despite the $10k market price, giving you a $105 short term loss.
From this 2nd perspective, you were paid 0.5 BTC for a month of work, you sold it the next day when you realized it hit your account and got $4,930. It would be reasonable to say that you were paid $4,930 for that month of work, despite the market price of $10k. Where this gets fishy is when you wait a while, and especially so if the price changes. Consistency is king here. If you're always paid on Friday at some point, and first thing Saturday you sell everything, it becomes easier to explain why you "waited until the price increase $100" - you didn't, it was incidental to your normal routine. If people are waiting mere hours, it's not a big deal.
For my filing, I had to use historical data for my trades. I didn't record their exact spot price when I bought/sold/whatever. So, I made a spreadsheet that pulled in all historical data, filled in any missing gaps, then averaged the highs &amp; lows and used that for every purchase that day. Did I "cheat" my way out of some taxes? Maybe, but it's a best effort guess. As long as you're consistent, there shouldn't be an issue. Inconsistencies look like fraud.
@_date: 2019-10-02 04:27:54
What size? All I got are 64 gig sticks cuz they almost don't make anything smaller anymore (and why would you buy something smaller? It's a horrible value). Can't format them as fat32 which is required for the coldcard.
@_date: 2019-08-05 10:33:51
We're already getting to the point that many people can't afford to buy 1 full BTC. They just buy part of a BTC.
@_date: 2019-10-07 23:23:09
It's your responsibility to know and follow every law, no one has to tell you about them (outside of them being published by the law enforcing body). Ignorance doesn't get you off the hook, else everyone would claim it.
@_date: 2019-08-24 19:44:08
There's a lot to unpack here, and I think you may be confused on a couple things.
Nodes (specifically validating nodes) are unrelated to hardware wallets (private key storage). You can start a full node whenever you want. Alternatively to a full node, you can run a thin client, such as Electrum, which asks a pool of full nodes for details that are needed to create transactions. In additon to Electrum, you can run the Electrum Personal Server and configure Electrum to only talk to your personal server, which gets its data from a full node (Bitcoin Core). If you want hardware wallet support all the way down to full validation of the blocks yourself, you need all 4.
Your interface will be: Hardware wallet -&gt; Electrum -&gt; Electrum Personal Server -&gt; Bitcoin Core
Alternatively, if you just want to send/receive bitcoin with your hardware wallet, all you need is Electrum. There's no need to get more complicated than that.
@_date: 2019-08-26 05:21:20
Just use Electrum instead and save yourself the money from buying another hardware wallet.
@_date: 2019-08-08 03:54:16
It's a well known malware feature to clipboard hijack Bitcoin addresses. This is why you have to manually check every copy/paste you do, else you need to type it. It boggles my mind how you just pasted something and assumed it was the correct address. It would have only taken you 3 seconds to realize that what you pasted was incorrect.
Hardware wallets do have vulnerabilities, but not nearly as many as normal desktops. Their attack vectors tend to be physical access to the device (evil maid attack), whereas most desktops can be compromised remotely (even with AV). The fact that your private keys never leave your hardware wallet is their key feature. This means you could plug in your hardware wallet into the world's most infected computer and still guarantee you know what you're sending to whom. Look into either a Trezor or Ledger. Can't go wrong either way, it's a lot of personal preference. I tend to recommend the Ledger, especially if you don't know what feature set you want or need, as it's cheaper and gets the job done.
Edit: as a quick note, copying/pasting a random Bitcoin address to see if it changes is a really easy way to detect a pretty common type of malware. If you have that, chances are you may have something else too.
Edit 2: as others have suggested, just installing malware bytes isn't gonna do jack shit for you. You need a fresh OS (only copy over files you absolutely need), with fresh installs of everything afterwards.
@_date: 2019-10-11 00:34:52
It can store more, but you can only have the signing code/wallet active on a few at a time. It makes it a pain if you constantly trade in alts, but it can store all the ones it supports simultaneously.
@_date: 2019-08-09 22:05:49
Interesting. Does it require you to unplug and replug the Trezor in?
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:38:08
What are you trying to do? Are you trying to generate 10k addresses intentionally?
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:48:55
Customer Support here. Please hold while we transfer you to a Customer Care Specialist.
@_date: 2019-08-08 23:15:03
I wasn't even actually talking about lightning. I was taking about all the different kinds of transaction combining optimizations that are in the works. I didn't want to bring up 2nd layer stuff because this conversation is about base layer.
@_date: 2019-08-03 14:59:11
"The core design" is not "Core's design". The core architecture is still there, fully intact. Nothing has changed about that, and in fact, it's the starting point from which many other cryptos launch. Additional addons here and there don't change what's underlying.
Edit: another typo
@_date: 2019-10-12 04:19:28
Certainly less voluntary than desirable, but imagine all the services you get that wouldn't if you didn't pay taxes. Imagine having the ability to opt out. You aren't allowed on roads, you aren't allowed to use state funded infrastructure (potentially power, sewer, water lines). You aren't able to receive emergency/police assistance. That's what you're paying for with taxes. It ain't great, and certainly can (and should) be better, but for the majority of tax payers, the benefit you get exceeds the amount you pay in taxes.
Alternatively (and to a much lesser extent), you get to choose the country under which laws you voluntarily live under. I'm not a fan of this response, as it's not really applicable for everyone, but as devils advocate, it's for the taking.
@_date: 2019-10-05 15:02:51
If it's the blockchain.info app, that's actually incorrect. The website actually holds an encrypted file that contains your private keys. In theory, they could have your seed (you could consider it compromised), but you also hold your keys, so it *is* in your custody, you're just opened up to the risk that someone else might also have them.
@_date: 2019-10-13 11:21:09
I wouldn't say that's the coolest thing, but that is a feature. It comes at a trade off though, and that's the inability to perform "offline" transactions. Lightning offers something here, but unless you have a direct channel, it's a gap in capability, which someone will try to find a way to fill. If that's the government with a fiat backed by Bitcoin, that may be the route they go. My main point is that Bitcoin isn't a 1 and done solution. There are a wide variety of problems, many of which Bitcoin solve, but many of which Bitcoin can't solve due to its nature. 3rd parties will always exist to solve shortcomings when there's a profit that can also be made.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:16:02
One could additionally disprove someone doesn't own Bitcoin if they make the argument that no one *owns* bitcoin, but merely has the ability to craft a transaction that is accepted by consensus rules that moves Bitcoin from one UTXO to another UTXO. The implications of these would be crazy. If no one owned bitcoin, you couldn't be taxed on it, but if you could own bitcoin and someone gained access to your keys, then they also owned it, so it's joint ownership at that point? Would be hilarious to see courts attempt to rule on this, although they'll probably go the "who bought it? They own it" route.
@_date: 2019-10-14 05:23:42
There's a difference between airgapped_mattress' forked coin, and ones like BCH. There was, and is, considerable value in BCH at the time of the fork. There's no way that you would be able to convince anyone that you haven't heard of BCH. For the plethora of other ones out there... They aren't worth anything, so it's significantly easier to pass off as "never heard of it". It helps if you've never touched your coins, and can clearly show you owned the addresses before &amp; after the fork and yet the forked coins never moved. You can get in a bit of a pickle if you ever try the "I don't own this address" routine, but are later found out that you do. Bitcoin isn't nearly as anonymous as people think...
@_date: 2019-10-14 13:29:36
Still doesn't change the fact that it's well known and a top 5 crypto by capitalization unfortunately...
@_date: 2019-10-16 11:06:36
Why the repost of something posted just 10 hours prior?
@_date: 2019-08-12 06:29:46
You might get away with that, and to a degree, it's true. It's a little harder to do with financial transactions than it is with a continual stream of data (and yes, transactions are just data, but they're so small, there's no ability to setup encryption or anything else on top of them).
I might agree with keeping it simple, but many of these privacy updates also include efficiency updates, which is right up there in importance.
@_date: 2019-10-31 23:56:48
Wut? Whats a kid bank? I picked a random subject with which to make a comparison. The subject of that comparison doesnt matter, it just illustrates that the comparison itself is flawed.
@_date: 2019-10-06 04:01:08
It doesn't take all of them to have an impact on your transaction should someone so decide. You certainly don't need "all" (which I never said, so thanks for the misquote), but any who decide to filter you will affect your inclusion time to some degree. I will say that my "would never" should have been better phrased as "could never", to imply less than absolute, but that still doesn't require 100% "all" collusion. It's still quite possible to make it into the next block with 95% collusion, but chances are high that if a handful of high profile miners were court ordered to ignore certain transactions, it would slow down a lot of transactions. The same can't be said of regular nodes. If they choose not to pass on transactions, it's irrelevant due to how many there are.
One thing that will help mitigate this is the BIP that allows individual miners of a pool to choose which transactions they choose to include or not. This puts voting power into the nanda of individual miners rather than corporations. Its still up to the pools to implement the protocol though.
Either way, miners certainly have more authority than non mining nodes on what gets put into a block. Either positively (including what would otherwise be ignored) or negatively (excluding normal transactions).
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:33:11
The biggest question is "what's the incentive to continue doing this?" Bitcoin has already grown massively, and has very strong incentives. The sheer number of nodes vastly outnumbers gnutella. Distributed projects can be killed early on if they aren't distributed enough. There comes a point that you can't (easily) kill them beyond that.
@_date: 2019-08-06 10:50:57
@_date: 2019-08-29 00:01:31
Are you saying I'm being dishonest? I'm certainly not trying to be, so forgive me where I might have presented that.
I do feel like your dismissal of my "rhetorical wording" is causing an issue here. You seem set that we're discussing double spending a transaction that has already been included in a block - to which I've agreed that your math makes sense for cost calculations related to that particular type of double spend. However, the entire thread is in reference to RBF transactions, which typically (I've not yet heard of a case of RBF being done across blocks, but I'm open to correction here) only involves transactions currently parked in the mem pool. Thats a major distinction, and not some "rhetorical wording" at play. Those are 2 different types of transactions seen as incredibly different within the network.
One could easily argue that differences between the recommended 6 confirmation transactions vs 5 confirmation transactions is down to "rhetorical wording", as they're not seen any differently by nodes, but the same just can't be said about unconfirmed transactions.
@_date: 2019-08-08 17:45:18
That may be, but I can't speak to that. The take away is that the market chose the chain with the roll back over the chain without. Something similar could happen with Bitcoin. It's unlikely, especially considering the pretty serious hacks that have happened but no roll back.
@_date: 2019-08-08 00:49:54
I'm pretty sure they've developed something recently that's supposed to last millions of years and hold a stupid amount of data. Like, an absurd amount of data. Some sort of 3D encoding in diamond or something.
Edit: I was right, but diamonds are the next step up from the original medium of glass. Some 360 TB on a glass chip the size of a dollar coin, and even more storage possible in a diamond. Supposed to last some 13 billion years or something. Neat.
@_date: 2019-08-27 23:07:51
You forgot steps
5: Continue to watch the price of Bitcoin soar 30-40 times what you sold at over the next 10 years.
6: FOMO back into Bitcoin, selling some of your property (not all obviously).
7: Celebrate another 2x price increase - but surely it'll continue to rise
8: Watch it spiral down to 50% of your buy in price
9: Panic sell as the price dips further - phew, dodged that bullet
10: GOTO 5
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:11:05
Sounds like you want everyone to do all the research for you and spoon feed you the answers. If that's the case, you shouldn't be looking into crypto.
You ask how "ledgers" and "offline wallets" work, but those are 2 completely different things. Im not really sure what kind of info you're asking for, so you'll have to clarify. It seems like one of the topics you're interested in is offline, secure storage of private keys. There are a couple of options from creating your private keys and backing them up, to using hardware wallets to manage your private keys.
You should start with how wallets are generated, understand the different types (address vs seed vs passphrase), and then research ways to generate and store them (air gapped computer, hardware wallet, diceware, etc).
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:38:58
Some might, but then they fail to realize there's no difference between me trying to scam you by double spending, versus you scamming me and me trying to reclaim my coins. Both of those are identical to the network. Having recourse for scams opens you up to additional scams.
@_date: 2019-08-08 04:01:43
The biggest issue to pooled mining is the fact that (currently) pools determine what you mine. During the BCH BSV split, some BCH pools were switching over their client's BTC mining to help support the BCH network (and compensating users). Similarly, pools get to decide which transactions get included, and pools tend to be centralized, meaning they could be coerced into restricting certain transactions.
There is a BIP that's been around for a long time (still in development) that allows individual miners to assemble their own blocks and mine to the pool's address. This allows parties to group up and split the rewards, but not be limited by the desires/requirements of the pool operators.
Your other points are spot on.
@_date: 2019-10-12 17:30:00
And if they made the dollar non taxable, nobody would pay any taxes at all. /s
This is a dumb tautology.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:54:46
No. Hardware wallets are warm/cool wallets, that allow you to securely spend from a cold wallet. A cold wallet is one that hasn't been plugged into any device from which it could be taken. Even hardware wallets, as well as they're designed, provide another attack vector, regardless of how sim that vector is.
You can't spend from a cold wallet without making it a hot wallet, which is very dangerous, which is why warm wallets (hardware wallets) were created. They bridge the gap, allowing (more) secure cold wallets spends.
Software wallets keep your private keys on a general purpose computing environment, which are notoriously easy to compromise and manipulate however you want. This makes them highly insecure. Hardware wallets can be plugged into highly infected computers and provide a high degree of assurance that your transaction will be correct, or not even created at all (protecting you either way). They fundamentally operate differently.
My recommendation would be to pickup a hardware wallet and use it, with a backup of your seed phrase either stamped or engraved in metal for longevity. If you don't want to spend, but want to accumulate, you can generate keys on a secure computer, write down your seed, export your xpub, then wipe the computer. You've effectively just created a cold wallet (using the xpub to get new addresses, but without the ability to spend from the wallet easily). There's no need to make anything more complicated than it needs to be, and hardware devices do an excellent job of combining ease of use &amp; security into a tiny all-in-one package. Nano S is my go-to recommendation for someone's first hardware wallet.
@_date: 2019-08-13 19:32:10
Each year until all that happens, you can realize capital gains if you're under ~75k (IRA or 401k contributions increase this) income, at 0% long term capital gains. Each year I contribute $10k+ (myself &amp; wife) into an Traditonal IRA, then sell off some coins to realize that $10k in capital gains (plus whatever our income is shy of the $75k mark), and only pay state taxes (if your state taxes you). This way you're not selling $15k coins, you're selling a $40k coin, which further reduced overall taxes you pay.
@_date: 2019-10-16 21:30:29
I walked my wife through mine, showed her the seeds, and right as she was saying the first word, I cut her off and said "don't show these to anyone or anything, and never, under any circumstances, say them out loud. With the number of devices in existence that have cameras and microphones, audio is an immediate compromise".
She nodded, then we pointed to words 1 by 1 as we went through the recovery phase.
That said, I would wipe &amp; recreate, especially if you have an always on hot mic that you're aware of.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:40:50
There are plenty of reasons why you'd want to do this. I, personally, run 3 nodes on the same local network to 3 different public networks, with all 3 clients linked together to provide a bridge across multiple countries. When a transaction gets broadcasted in Africa, they reach out to local African peers, one of which is my client. My clients then share those within the local network, and rebroadcast to both the US and Europe (for instance). All of these have to be individually configured such that incoming ports are routed to the correct peer to allow everyone to communicate both internally &amp; externally. OP just needs to use different ports for every client.
@_date: 2019-08-13 19:39:14
I personally prefer the Ledger, but I prioritize passphrase usage over holding a hundred alt coins. Trezor's stuff has much better support for multiple coins than the Nano S does. I think the Nano S is the cheapest, and while it's a little tedious to use, it gets the job done.
@_date: 2019-10-28 03:39:15
Incorrect. They own nothing but an encrypted blob that does nothing for them. You own your keys, youre just keeping them (encrypted) stored on their servers. If you also keep a backup, then you dont need them to allow you access to anything. Theyre just as safe as any other hot wallet setup.
If anyone offered a reset your password feature, its inherently less secure since that means the servers have decryption keys so they can reencrypt your data to the new password.
@_date: 2019-08-03 14:40:26
Satoshis design allowed change. Any derivative of the original design is still part of his design. BCH I as much part of his design as is BTC, they're just realized in various ways.
Also, it was my understanding that the split with SegWit happened, then BTC refused to do the 2x, while BCH went ahead with some blocksize upgrade. I was under the impression that both implemented the same type of SegWit at first though. Is that not the case?
Edit: typo
@_date: 2019-08-20 05:36:19
The accepted/understood definition of "confirm" is "inclusion in a block", so not sure why you seem surprised or even have to question this.
I was a miner who contemplated block templates. TX2 always pays more than TX1, for an expected time to find a block T, which is the exact same for either transaction. You gain no efficiency sticking with TX1 and you lose no mining time by switching to TX2. You *always* mine the highest paying transactions. Always. That's how you maximize earnings (or profit, or income, or revenue, whatever you want to call it - it's Bitcoin that's successfully mined to your address).
You also haven't addressed my 4 scenarios of TX1/2 or BFY/BFN. That kinda lays out the entire scenario, and if you want to talk from the perspective of the entire network (where, collectively, it's BFY 100% of the time), then it's always worth it to include TX2. No additional time is needed to find TX2 over TX1, therefore TX2 provides more bitcoin for the remaining mining time over TX1, since they take the exact same amount of time to find.
You mention "remining", which insinuates mining a transaction that was already accepted into a block, into another block. Again, we're specifically taking about 0-conf transactions, which, by definition, haven't been mined into a block. You can't remine something that hasn't been mined yet.
As a side note, is English your first language? You've got some oddities that I can't tell if it's educationally directed or skewed nuance related.
@_date: 2019-10-12 14:15:47
That's not a loophole, and the IRS has said that even crypto to crypto exchanges count as a sale &amp; rebuy, so you can't get around taxes this way. If you just don't report them, that's tax fraud unfortunately.
@_date: 2019-08-22 01:45:49
Not really. The fact that the chain can immediately be rewritten for near zero cost means that a transaction you suspect of being fraudulent (regardless of the sender's/receiver's identity) can be censored. This can't happen with Bitcoin (as easily).
@_date: 2019-10-10 03:45:13
IPs aren't linked to houses nor people (if you're doing it right). If you give that information away, that's on you.
Using the blockchain has the requirement that you consent to providing your transaction details with the world, so if you feel like that's a violation of your privacy, then it's not for you (at least Bitcoin in its current implementation isn't). The same applies to social media, so it's not even crypto focused.
There is no "tool" required. It's all available in the blockchain for anyone to see. You could gather these metrics yourself and analyze them.
@_date: 2019-10-08 04:26:48
Very true and probably the best way forward. I would do this if either device supported better multisig capabilities. As it stands, they can't verify change addresses appropriately, so you can't guarantee your change address is correct. On a compromised computer, that change address is an attackers.
@_date: 2019-10-21 03:11:19
I don't think you realize that the dominance prediction and market cap was for the final November prediction, not at every step of the way. As for October's, it's not over yet, but I seriously doubt it.
@_date: 2019-10-14 05:37:10
Blockchain is actually pretty unique in that it's not a custodial wallet. When you log in, you actually download an encrypted copy of your keys to use locally, where your computer decrypts them and uses them for signing transactions. You maintain control over your keys throughout the process. It's less than ideal, since you can't be sure when your encrypted keys are being stored (as appose to unencrypted keys), and the idea that your keys could be given out to someone else is a little terrifying, but the real wallet to avoid are he custodial ones, where you don't have access to your keys.
@_date: 2019-08-31 14:49:13
"any committed cost about TX1 is wasted"
Well, there's the problem. Miners must waste 99.999999% of the work they do if dropping a transaction that was in the template wastes all work done up to that point. They're constantly dropping transactions and adding new ones partially through the mining process. You must realize something every miner doesn't. They're wasting so much energy.
@_date: 2019-08-25 11:05:27
Doesn't hurt to have spares in the event you lose one or it breaks. I bought a bunch to test them out and find the one I enjoy the most that has the specific feature set I need.
You can also multisig (although, it's not fully supported in any HW, so you lose some safety with this feature). It also lets you use multiple seeds (although it's much easier to use multiple passphrases instead).
@_date: 2019-08-27 05:06:33
This argument doesn't rally hold if you haven't gone through the source yourself. "Open source" doesn't mean free of bugs or exploits, nor does it mean that all of them are found by white hats.
Additionally, Trezor is the only one I know of that has a critical vulnerability (permanently unpatchable) that reveals your seed phrase with device access. They've acknowledged it, and are refusing to publish more details on it (only appropriate course of action). I'm sure if you looked around hard enough, you might find clues leading someone to retrace those exploitation steps, which means it's just a matter of time until it's rediscovered. Potentially one that could work off an infected computer, meaning when you plug your device in, it's immediately compromised.
@_date: 2019-10-07 01:35:50
One fixable exploit vs a permanently compromiseable device? No thanks. I own both, and believe that physical access is an almost guaranteed loss of seed, but Trezor takes the cake on that one.
@_date: 2019-10-07 01:24:50
How would the team "push" malicious firmware that's any different than what Trezor users willingly upgrade to when prompted? Don't you also have to trust the Trezor developers?
@_date: 2019-06-22 08:04:22
It is what people choose to make it, based on market conditions and the technology. If Bitcoin existed as it did in an earlier state (before lightning &amp; SegWit), but projected out 100 years, I'd say it's more akin to digital gold. Network fees would be really high, and there wouldn't be a whole lot of need to do on chain transactions. However, technology advancements have given us lightning, which enables Bitcoin to be used as a currency. SegWit enables this and further improves efficiency to reduce fees and provide more usage possibilities. As time goes on, technological changes will influence and be influenced by people's individual desires to utilize the blockchain however they see fit. If enough people want to use it as currency, they'll develop a means to do that. If many don't care, then development will be slow. Ultimately, the market decides.
@_date: 2018-06-05 04:12:08
Is what you're referring to the Ledger passphrase/25th word feature? If so, I'm ignoring it because its already assumed to be in use. The 25th word will be used to hold long\-term storage, while the base 24 words hold a daily account. If the daily account gets sweeped, you need new keys, since something has been compromised. I'm looking for a way to protect the base 24 words.
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:46:28
How exactly is it a cold wallet when you've plugged the private key into something? It's not. Your offline computer is warm storage, not a cold wallet.
I also never said it wasn't easy, just that you end up losing our security in the process. Plugging it into a hardware wallet or plugging it into an offline computer is the same - your turning your cold storage into warm storage.
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:27:34
Breaking it into any number of pieces is an incredibly bad idea. Andreas has started time and time again that you're more likely to forget how you broke stuff up or how you did your homebrew encryption than you are to have someone steal your seed backup. Don't complicate things - engrave/stamp your words into a metal plate and stick it in a safe.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:29:44
Not your keys, not your coins. Might make sense to store 1 BTC there if you had 20-50 others, but probably doesnt make much sense to store a significant portion of your crypto holdings.
Also, 4%/year isnt all that impressive. The stock markets have seen double that for a majority of the past 20-30 years or something, and they have a lot more backing them than crypto does right now. (If these are per month gains, Id be terrified, because that screams ponzi/scam, but to each their own level of risk)
@_date: 2019-08-09 21:48:12
The whole "devs did this and got miners on their side" thing has already happened. It's called Bitcoin Cash, and you can see how well the market responded to that. Sure, you might argue soft vs hard fork, but if it's a soft fork, the users running the soft fork have already agreed to the ideas of the change. The definition of a soft fork is that it's backwards compatible. As long as their "larger blocksize" isn't seen as larger in my client's eyes, then it's fine.
Edit: both blocksize and block reward necessarily require hard forks.
@_date: 2019-08-21 22:04:17
I don't think that miners will ever willing adopt any kind of mechanism that you describe without a fork, which means that 0-conf transactions will still be as vulnerable then as they are now. There isn't much you can do to fix this other than what Bitcoin cash has setup (which isn't reliable I don't believe), or move off layer 1.
I don't know how you find it hard, psychologically, that TX2 can replace TX1, as this doesn't even move my difficulty scale for me. It's literally a no brainer that TX2 pays more, therefore, you mine on it. (Alternative, you could say that switching to TX2 costs you no more than not switching, so you'll willingly switch anyway even with 0 additional fee.)
The "until it's in a block" was, again, explicitly speaking on 0-conf transactions. In this entire thread, I've consistently stated this, which implies there is no TX0 already confirmed. Having a TX0 does bring all your formulas into play and seriously complicated this (well beyond even the simple math of giving up the longest chain to chase an alternative TX0, such as how the public will respond - maybe other miners start to ignore blocks you find to punish selfish behavior). In order to avoid all that, we're talking explicitly 0-conf for TX1 and its double spend TX2. In this case, a miner can do whatever they want until a block comes out that invalidates either TX1 or TX2, at which point the scenario becomes a confirmed double spend, not a 0-conf, and therefore is outside the scope of further examination.
@_date: 2019-08-03 16:45:26
This, essentially. The only truly secure computer is one built by yourself from scratch that the world has never seen, and thus can't develop exploits for. As soon as it touches or is exposed to any network or other system, there is a chance it's immediately compromised. There really is no end to the rabbit hole of what-ifs with regards to security. It's all possible, it's just about probability.
@_date: 2019-10-31 12:15:25
This is a dumb comparison. Its like saying your kids soccer game is more popular because every seat is filled in the small local park stadium, while the FIFA games have empty seats in their stadiums.
Youre comparing 2 different fees at 2 vastly different scales for 2 different services.
@_date: 2019-10-17 11:09:57
Last time I moved my coins, I paid 0 fees... Really hurts to break up exactly 1.00000000 BTC...
@_date: 2019-08-22 01:50:25
Fiat appreciates relative to technology (flat screen TVs used to cost thousands, now they're given away for free as incentives). That fact doesn't stop people from buying goods - even ones that aren't necessary. Technology prices deflate faster than fiat inflates, so it's always better to wait until tomorrow to buy that new tech.
There is, however, an argument to make that bitcoin's compounding deflation may change the scenario slightly, as it's not something we've seen before, but generally people spend when they want/have to, even if they could buy more tomorrow.
@_date: 2019-08-19 10:12:09
It's not only selling. It's using, in any capacity, gains or losses. Literally anything but the act of buying itself. Additionally, none of the KYC companies are even going to report you in the first place unless they believe you've made some gains, so chances are you wont even get reported to the IRS for just buying. If you're really concerned, you just wash your coins. Point is, they'll know eventually, and chances are they won't know when you buy even from KYC. You can't keep them in the dark without tax evasion.
@_date: 2019-08-25 11:07:19
As long as you don't add your Bitcoin accounts to the software, there's nothing for it to track. Just add the alt coin accounts, then use electrum and EPS to import your pub key to manage your BTC.
@_date: 2019-10-07 11:14:07
There are plenty of ways to keep your Bitcoin safe. If you can't find easy workarounds to almost every one of your problems, you aren't ready to take on the responsibility of owning your own money. It isn't hard, just got to use some common sense - something most people lack today...
@_date: 2019-10-12 01:35:22
Good points, but if this is a concern, a public blockchain isn't something those people should be using. You can't hop in a car and have an issue with car manufacturers for not designing a car that stopped you from running over people. Obviously that would be a good design, but you accept the responsibility when you get behind the wheel. There is no difference with Bitcoin. If you choose to use it in its current state, you accept the responsibilities that comes along with it. If it becomes more private in the future (which I'm looking forward to), thats awesome, and will encourage even more people to use it then, but we're still early in the software development, and there are drawbacks people need to understand and accept as it stands.
@_date: 2019-08-17 21:42:16
Must be...
@_date: 2019-08-09 02:23:34
It doesn't hurt to generate a wallet, write down the seed and the first address it gives you, wipe the device, recover your wallet to it and verify the address given matches. Once you do that, play around with the passphrase option, adding a passphrase, writing down the address it gives you, wiping the passphrase, re adding the passphrase, verifying it matches the address.
Also, its technically possible to force hardware wallets to generate a specific seed, so I always like to generate 3-5 seeds to ensure there isn't a repeated seed. I haven't heard of a compromised device that can generate multiple predetermined seeds, which you wouldn't catch with this method, but it doesn't hurt to try.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:54:15
Please explain to me how it has any value to someone living in a cave who has no electronics or even electricity?
Making blanket statements that something has value to the entire population is absurd. It's highly individualized.
Let's assume you are correct. Would you call yourself a 1%er? You most certainly are in terms of global wealth and income. The mere fact you have access to Reddit already puts you well above a significant population of the earth. Saying so would be misleading in 99% of your conversations, because people don't globalize stats. If they did, most people would be the top 1% of anything, which then becomes meaningless. If you've ever played baseball, you're probably better than anyone who hasn't (not all, but most), and when you extract that to the entire population, you're the top 1% of ability. All you did was practice for 3 hours, but you're already a top 1% baseball player. How does that not sound absurd?
@_date: 2019-10-04 22:29:06
Um, that too, but no. Do you know how far away planets are from earth? Mars is something like 5 minutes at its closest and 25 minutes at its furthest (in light travel that is). A blockchain across those distances is going to have serious orphan/desync issues if there's a block every 10 minutes. Even more so for intergalactic, but just within the solar system it's less than ideal (unless you only do mining on a single planet, but then how "distributed" is that?). It could be done, but there is a lot of work we need to do to develop FTL communication. That's going to be more important than FTL travel IMO.
@_date: 2019-10-09 03:56:01
The solution is not the hash on its own, but a valid hash with a specific set of data. Given a nearly infinite way to arrange blocks, the number of solutions is certainly near infinite, although technically there is a size limit to the blocks that'll eventually be hit. You'll have collisions upon collisions of the actual hash itself, but a hash isn't valid without it being derived from a block, which gets its own variations.
Edit: typos
@_date: 2019-06-06 06:42:10
There is no real issue here, as coins can be subdivided further to lower the value of the smallest unit.
The problem with an "AI" deciding what is lost and what isn't, is hat this"AI" algorithm has to run on everyone's computer that is running the blockchain. If it's complex enough to have a 99.9% chance of successfully picking out abandoned wallets, it's too complex to be run on everyone's computers, and thus the blockchain won't be distributed. If it's simple enough to run on my Pi, then it won't be complex enough to accurately pick out the abandoned wallets. Also, I don't know about you, but I wouldn't support a currency that'll steal my old coins just cuz it thinks they're not being used...
@_date: 2019-08-09 16:10:53
Why are you trying to scale for a billion? A billion people aren't using Bitcoin right now. Scale for tomorrow, and when tomorrow comes, scale for the day after that. Scaling is incremental. If you try to future proof yourself from the get go, you end up with poor designs and implementations. Who knows what better technologies and advancements we'll see as we continue to slowly (and deliberately) optimize for tomorrow.
@_date: 2019-06-04 04:37:49
Is this an argument that Bitcoin is going away? You've listed off a bunch of technologies. Fiat isn't a technology. Bitcoin is a technology. Might want to rethink your comparison...
@_date: 2019-10-08 11:09:58
I'm personally not a fan of the X. Too much money and it doesn't have a "turns off when yanked from my hands" feature that the S does. If doing something in public, that creates another attack vector. The Bluetooth itself shouldn't be an issue, as it seems properly secured, and interaction is required on the device. I recommend the S to friends/family, and you can use the OTG cable for phone use (with any phone app that supports hardware wallets).
@_date: 2019-10-12 17:26:20
Good points. I was speaking to "taxes" in general since you didn't specify. There is no winning when it comes to taxes, no one size fits all, no completely fair method - you're going to piss someone off.
Yes, those who pay more than they receive are the victims of wealth redistribution. It's also the individuals who are the top 20% earners that pay more in taxes than they receive, while those at the bottom are receiving far more benefits than they contribute for. The majority of tax payers receive more in benefits than they contribute. Most people don't have a problem with this, but it is unfair. The alternative is to increase taxes for the poorest individuals to make up for the massive amount those paying the most contribute.
The reasoning behind income tax is that those who earn the most pay the most to subsidize those who earn the least. If the total amount of tax collected is to remain the same, but you no longer tax on incomes, then you'll have to get tax elsewhere (consumption tax). This is fine, but you'd have to analyze spending habits of the different income brackets to make sure you aren't overtaxing those at the lowest rungs.
The government is going to get their taxes one way or another. If you could wave a wand and make income taxes all disappear, then there would be additional taxes on various goods to make up the loss. If that happens to cause a loaf of bread to be $10 because consumption taxes are high, then poor people are going to disproportionally suffer.
@_date: 2019-06-25 00:23:59
Go for the S. If you enjoy it, consider the X, but it's otherwise really expensive for what's an incredibly similar feature set to the S.
@_date: 2019-06-10 16:50:25
I already wrote a script to grab the latest AppImage, but it wasn't working with the X as of the other week. I haven't installed most of those development libraries, but I do recall setting one up that was required to get the S to work. Perhaps it's been updated. I'll see about creating a new Tails instance to test it.
@_date: 2019-08-21 03:47:36
You can if you join a pool and mine. Short of spending hundreds of thousands or even millions, you wouldn't ever mine solo anyway. The variance is way too large to ever see any meaningful profit without a massive investment. Instead you pool mine somewhere with little to no fees and get your sats that way.
@_date: 2019-10-07 23:20:38
Now plot Price &amp; Block Time, normalized on a per BTC basis (peice * time / block reward), which'll show mining activity relative to its payout/profitability.
@_date: 2019-10-05 14:39:46
There will always be banks. They aren't going anywhere because the masses aren't ready to take on the responsibility of protecting their own money. Normies would much rather just switch to "Bitcoin" they keep in a bank and continue to use credit cards and debit cards, etc. those aren't going anywhere anytime soon, regardless of which currency they're denominated in.
@_date: 2019-06-01 05:12:32
Do I have to PM the CEO of Bitcoin directly to ask for a loan?
@_date: 2019-06-01 05:07:48
Try every word of what? If the 24 words are stolen, the attack then must have the 25th word, which can be any combination of symbols, upper or lower case letters to a fairly long length (not sure on the length). There is no guessing that...
@_date: 2019-06-25 18:42:56
I understand that, which is why it's a dumb metric. Most of the world isn't in a position to be able to own gold (wether they can't afford it or don't actually have the opportunity to make that purchase/investment).
When people talk about "the 1%ers" in America, they aren't talking about the 80+% of the population that actually have more wealth than 99% of the world, because they're not in the same population pool. "The 1%ers" are the top 1% earners/wealth owners within a specific population (typically of the country they're in).
A homeless person living on food stamps probably has more wealth than some % of the world's population. But when you look at that person who hasn't bathed in over a week, you're not likely to say "you're part of the upper 50%, what are you complaining about?" You would compare them relative to the appropriate population, in this case that would be Americans, at which point you'd say "shit, you're the bottom 3%... That sucks..."
@_date: 2019-06-28 04:55:43
It only auto locks if you don't mess with it. So, as long as the attacker periodically scrolls, they're fine. Also, it only takes 30 seconds for someone to swipe it, register it with their wallet &amp; send. Even if the auto lock forced you off in the middle of what you were doing, the attacker would have enough time to spend your funds.
I should point out that when you plug the device in, it does auto lock. I just think it should do that when you try to register it with a phone after unlocking it too...
@_date: 2019-10-09 21:38:02
These are some great questions, and highly nuanced within crypto. It's going to be a while before we get explicitly clear guidance on how every aspect is to be handled, since that requires them to be knowledgable on the subject.
I would say several of these questions may not need exact answers, as they'd probably be "understood by a layman" (or wherever the term is for "common knowledge"). If BCH and BSV split, and both were fighting over the title of BCH, you might ask "which is the new one?", but once the community consensus has decided that BCH is BCH, that is BCH. Same applies to hardforks. BCH is still using the same ticker, so to a layperson, that's BCH (despite technically being a "new coin" because it's not directly compatible with older software).
As far as your control/knowledge of airdrops question: my tax guy essentially said its a "best effort" system. If you won 1.0 BTC from some lottery, but you could only sell it for $7,800, you aren't taxed income on the $8k coin, since the only thing you could have gotten for that coin was the $7,800. As long as you can show efforts to immediately cash out your winnings, you only won the value you receive. This doesn't apply to the "ill sell you my car for $1 hue hue" kind of trades, but if you sold it on Craigslist as quickly as you could and only got $7,800, that's your tax liability. If you sat on it for a week or more, you probably can't claim this.
This scenario was already discussed when things like Coinbase starting to support forks was a thing, where you didn't get your BCH until Coinbase added support and let you trade or withdraw. Similarly, I'm among those who didn't claim BSV until replay protections were added, because I didn't have the technical know how to separate my coins on those networks, meaning I couldn't redeem them even if I wanted to. Once a tool was implemented on my exchange, I had the ability to do so, and claimed their price when I split them.
It's really about showing an effort and having documentation and proof on why you're doing things. As long as you aren't maliciously avoiding taxes intentionally, you're usually not in that big of trouble, and anyone who would be racking up tens of thousands in unpaid taxes needs to contact someone and get it sorted out so its not nearly as bad. If you got audited and they said "you owe us an extra $500", chances are a "my bad, here's why I didn't pay that because X, Y and Z", they'll either dismiss it if it's old enough or collect their fee and move on.
@_date: 2019-10-12 17:42:17
Certainly true for many things. Definatey agree that free markets tend to produce better products far cheaper than monopolies. But that doesn't apply to everything. I'd be interested to hear what alternative to the "monopoly of force that allows it to impose laws" would be?
I don't know that I can imagine a state that doesn't have some type of central governmental body that rules over it. What you're taking about is literally someone living in the woods by themselves with no one around. Anytime communities come together, they tend to form tribes. It's almost always better for a group of people to cooperate together to produce something than for everyone to produce that some bring individually. Once you have cooperation, you quickly develop a central authority (with size specifically). Once you reach a certain capacity, productivity greatly diminishes due to inefficiencies. This is why you elect individuals to represent you (like a family would elect one member of their household to represent them). This happens at all kinds of scales (parents come together at a kid's campground to discuss ground rules to national elections).
@_date: 2019-08-24 13:46:28
Deleting a wallet does nothing except remove the local copy of the private keys from the computer. As long as you have the private keys elsewhere, you lose access to nothing.
Additionally, it's important to make the distinction between "lose all your bitcoin" and "lose access to your private keys". No bitcoin are lost. They can't get lost*. What can happen is that you lose access to private keys (or never had access to begin with) which prevents you from spending.
*There may be a case for unmined coins that are "lost" or "destroyed" as they'll never exist, but... If they never existed, can they be lost?
@_date: 2019-06-29 05:43:56
Have you watched Andreas' videos on bitcoin's deflationary nature?
@_date: 2019-08-12 06:23:08
I don't think this comment is going to age well... I think you'll find significantly more vulnerabilities that'll work against a full, general computational OS than you will against an incredibly specific set of hardware functions.
@_date: 2019-08-15 09:01:11
"No, it is not 7, it is still 10."
This is where our disconnect is. That's not how mining, as it's currently implemented, works.
Miners are constantly changing what transactions, what timestamps and what nonces they're using to hash on. All of this changes the block template, which is required to create a large enough search space to find a hash of proper difficulty. If miners only hashed on a single block template, it would be finished within a billionth (or trillionth?) of a second. They change the timestamp, which changes the header. They change the transactions, which changes the header. (And obviously they flip through the nonces, but individual miners fully search the current nonce space in less than a second anyway, so I don't count those)
If a minute lapses, regardless of what changes miners make to the blocks, you're more likely to find a block within 9 minutes than you are in 10, because if it was more likely to take 10 minutes, that would put the average at 11 minute block times, which would cause a difficulty adjustment and make it more likely that 9 minutes after the first minute of mining is more likely to find a block.
Same with 3 minutes of mining. On average, it'll always be closer to 7 minutes away rather than 10. Obviously the not *always* 7 minutes away, but you are much more likely to find one.
This can actually be "exploited" by pool miners to choose who they're mining with based on the pool's fee structure. Some pools only pay out for the last N shares, which means early mining is not beneficial. Other pools pay per share, which means mining done at any time is always valuable. So, miners start out at PPS pools, then migrate off to PPLNS servers after the 8 minute timer, so they have much more shares in the last couple minutes before a block is potentially found.
That bit of info aside, the way that mining operates (not being 10 minutes away every time a change is made, but being on average 10 minutes away from when the last block was found) should tell you that there is no cost at all for a miner to accept TX2, since they aren't starting the mining process over, there is no timer reset. 3 minutes mining on TX1 isn't wasted time, as it only takes 7 minutes on TX2.
The only time your thinking comes into play is when blocks are found and propagated. At that point, yes, your fee would have to be large enough to convince someone to ignore the latest propagated block and risk orphaned mining to claim your massive fee. However, there's extra risk with not mining on the longest chain, which is that no one else would accept your block (being he 2nd of equal height). This disincentivises the miner from doing it, driving the required fee to cause a reorg up.
If I can't convince you that it requires only 10 minutes on average (regardless of when you swap transactions in the block template), I highly suggest you do a little more research into the mining process or the double spend attack. You seem really well educated, so I don't believe this is malicious misinformation, but just a misunderstanding of how 0-conf mining works. Your logic seems on point for the complications and math required for double spending an already confirmed transaction though.
Edit: I do get where you're coming from with the "it's always 10 minutes" argument, such as flipping a coin. It's always 50/50 heads/tails, regardless of what you've already flipped. On average, you should flip 50% heads and 50% tails. If you flip 10 tails in a row, it's still only 50% chance to flip heads. Bitcoin mining explicitly _doesnt_ work this way. Imagine that every time you flip a heads, the heads side gets a little heavier (mining faster than 10 minutes), and every time you flip a tails, the tails side gets heavier (mining slower than 10 minutes) (Bitcoin adjusts every 2 weeks, so it's not a flip by flip update, but bear with me). With the coins, 10 tails still gives you a 50% chance of heads, but with Bitcoin's 10 "tails", you actually have a 90% chance of heads. The software algorithm _forces_ "compliance" with the average of 10 minute blocks, rather than being static odds like coin flips.
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:21:41
You're more likely to have your privacy "uncovered" by the value amounts of the outputs. If you sent a 1.0 and 0.2245247 transaction, it's fairy safe to assume you sent someone (or yourself) 1 BTC, with the remainder as change.
If instead, you sent 0.273678 and 0.375288, but the price is such that 0.273678 = ~$200, while 0.375288 is $322.67, then I'm also pretty sure you just paid someone $200.
What I like to do is send oddball amounts to services (Purse, Coinbase, etc). If I have 1.23523 in my account, I'll send 0.235 to Purse and change myself 1.0 exactly (remainder is fee). This creates the appearance that I just paid someone 1.0 BTC, and helps obfuscate my coins.
@_date: 2019-10-13 11:51:25
You're right that majority rules doesn't mean it's not theft. I'm just saying you'll have a hard time convincing people that taxing the poor more and the rich less is what should be done.
You're talking to 2 different topics here: 1) getting taxes and 2) spending taxes. If you have an issue with how the government spends taxes, then address those elsewhere. I don't speak to how they're spent, since it's irrelevant to how they're collected. We're specifically speaking about the collection of taxes, not their use.
You're right that violence (or rather, force) or threat of violence is how the government gets its funding. If you don't pay, you get arrested.
Again, you address how taxes are spent, so that's not a solution to how taxes are acquired. If taxes overall were half of what they were, we'd still be in the same situation. The rich would still be taxed more than the poor, etc. the absolute value doesn't matter when we're talking percentages of the taxes collected by various methods.
You might be right in the poor people won't suffer. It doesn't make immediate sense if I suspect the price of goods to increase, but there may be ways to tax specific goods in a way that doesn't target rich people exclusively (because then it's the same as an income tax), but does collect enough to make up the difference.
My position is more survival of the fittest. I'm not a fan of state funded social programs. If churches or other organizations want to come together, that's fine, but otherwise people with poor money management skills should be left to suffer their consequences. That's not a popular opinion, which is why I don't advocate for it. I tend to swing more towards "unfair to those with the most, for the benefit of those with the least", since that seems to be the "fairest" if you ask many people (equality of outcome not of opportunity). Would greatly prefer equality of opportunity though.
@_date: 2019-10-05 14:36:28
The difference is that it's pretty easy to double spend Bitcoin, but CCs can charge you late or reverse payments without recourse. What your wallet shows you is that someone is *trying* to send you BTC. No wallet requires extra time/confirmations, but it is wise to wait for at least 1 to reduce the risk of double spends, especially if RBF is enabled. There is no need to wait 40 minutes though, for small values, the risk may not require any confirmations, and then there is always lightning.
@_date: 2019-06-05 01:48:19
I'm pretty sure that, by definition, Bitcoin maximalists won't accept alt coins as legit, else they wouldn't be Bitcoin maximalists. It's all Bitcoin and nothing else.
That said, I, personally, feel like there are cases for a very select few. Ethereum differs from Bitcoin and covers use cases that Bitcoin can't. A couple of the privacy related coins are in similar positions, but I don't imagine them always being so. I could see a time come when Bitcoin integrates more privacy options that make them obsolete...
@_date: 2019-06-01 22:53:55
You're right. Most, if not all, hardware wallets supposed this, as do quite a few desktop wallets like Electrum.
@_date: 2019-06-03 23:09:41
For US residents: Bitcoin is an asset, so you'd report it as stolen and then you'd have the ability to write off the theft on your taxes.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:25:50
Present 2019 value of 1 cent? Or present 2008 (when 21 million was chosen) value of 1 cent?
@_date: 2019-06-03 05:16:07
It is technically within the realm of physics possibility that every atom of the sun suddenly disappears simultaneously... But it'll never happen.
@_date: 2019-06-03 22:44:55
That's enough as long as there isn't an address with those exact same 10 digits, which is highly unlikely. Just search for it on a block expired and see what comes up.
Did you withdraw to the same address 2 times, or did your "friend" give you a different address the 2nd time?
@_date: 2019-10-09 00:20:28
As long as you have android (and the USB cable), yeah, and there are other apps that support the Nano S, so you're not limited to ledger live.
@_date: 2019-06-03 22:51:17
You don't need the full address to find the transaction on the blockchain. You can just search for the partial address and you'll most likely only return 1 result. In the event you get 2 addresses with exactly the same first 10 characters (highly unlikely, but technically possible), you just look at each to find the one that makes the most sense.
A while back, there was a service called first-bits or something that let you significantly shorten a Bitcoin address based on its first several characters. If I had a 1MikeWaffle..... Address, I would probably be the first person on the blockchain to send Bitcoin to the address that starts with "1MikeW", and that would be my short hand for my wallet. If your wallet supported it, you could send Bitcoin to "1MikeW" and it would wind up in my address, because this was the first occurrence of those letters in the entire blockchain. I'm assuming cash app does something similar, out to 10 digits, which should be more than enough to verify the exact address.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:06:36
You could just manually update electrum. Just download the .damage file, verify the checksum, and you're good. It's not nearly as secure as a hardware wallet, cheaper though.
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:37:57
Don't have a link, but it's on YouTube. Channel is aanontop or something like that. Just search "deflationary". Watch his other vids too - dude is well informed.
@_date: 2019-06-29 05:20:28
Taxman knows because the exchange you use will tell them. Even if they don't, if the government so chooses, they can track down your BTC spending with fairly high accuracy and figure out you're evading taxes. With smaller amounts, it's not an issue, but if BTC "moons", good luck spending 100k without paying taxes on it...
@_date: 2019-02-11 11:37:02
I went through it myself some 10 years ago, using C "Struct"s, connected via pointers to dynamically create lists of data containing structures. These were dropped because of how slow traversing them was, and it was significantly faster to use arrays and resize them as necessary (within certain limits - memory management of massive arrays can do funky things if you're not careful).
I'll see if I can pull up basic tutorial/intro to programming sites and see how early they provide these ideas.
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:32:12
In theory, the only point of interception is when sending the transaction details to the device for signing, which malicious software could do before the data hits your USB cable. What is spit out is a transaction, so there's no issue even broadcasting that as plaintext, as your goal is to propagate it. As long as all the details are confirmed on the device, there shouldn't be any extra risk, but having to code Bluetooth + USB communications does open up an attack vector.
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:05:54
Have you watched Andreas' video about a deflationary currency?
Essentially, when inflationary currencies go deflationary, it's bad news. We haven't had a deflationary currency before, so nothing you've read is talking about the mechanics if Bitcoin. It's an entirely new type of currency.
@_date: 2019-06-29 05:34:55
It's to link accounts together. If I sent your address "A" some small dust amount, the only way you can spend it is by spending "A"+"B", which means that I now know that your other address is "B". If, in the past, you spent from "B"+"C", I then know "A", "B" and "C" all belong to you. I can continue to do this and dust many other addresses to start linking accounts together.
@_date: 2019-10-11 00:26:35
Oof, that's terrible to try to follow. If the countries and scale were static, but the bars increased and decreased, it would be a lot easier to follow. Instead it's just a mess of data that doesn't mean much.
@_date: 2019-10-08 04:27:27
What 3rd party? The government?
@_date: 2019-10-15 22:27:51
I actually agree with bandit here. You don't seem to be getting the point that it's not fiat that's hacked, it's companies getting hacked to lose their fiat. With fiat, consumers aren't liable for losses due to theft, and because it's all "fake" anyway, replacing your fake 1's and 0's is easily done. Bitcoin, on the other hand, is not as easily replaced. Bitcoin held in a custodial account means that while consumers aren't liable for theft, they may actually pay the price of the theft.
While I wouldn't quite go to the same extent as bandit, I would say that fiat can have advantages over Bitcoin, in very specific cases. However, this "advantage" is actually bitcoin's greatest advantage in that it's absolute - no central authority can replace your 1's and 0's. Those who are responsible with their finances will appreciate bitcoin's advantage here, but those who aren't will prefer fiat's "advantage".
Either way, I'd rather have my bank account hacked 100 times than to have my hot wallet stolen - one of them can be recovered. That's the point.
@_date: 2019-06-12 05:18:08
Either works - can't go wrong with either really. My vote is Nano S for its cost &amp; simplicity. It's the one I'd get anyone in my family that's interested in crypto. Especially if you only want a couple coins. It also works, fully featured, with any software that supports hardware wallets, unlike the Trezor (mainly irritating stuff dealing with passphrases).
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:24:48
Well, that Monopoly money is still worth a decent chunk of change, so the market obviously believes in it and agrees with the roll back enough such that it's price dwarfs classic by an order of magnitude.
@_date: 2019-06-03 20:23:13
I wasn't aware they were actually worth that much, so I'll give you that. However, my point of Blockbuster not being the *industry* still stands. They were merely a player (albeit a very big player), within the industry at large. Their company failed to adapt to the changing technology, and other businesses within the video delivery *industry* stepped up. Banking as an industry isn't going away. Certain banks that fail to adapt will, but as an entire industry, it's going nowhere.
@_date: 2019-10-16 21:38:12
Pay off high interest rate loans first, mortgages tend to be much lower rates, and the money that you could have paid to lower your mortgage could actually earn you more being invested elsewhere, especially if you get to write off mortgage interest.
For example, if your mortgage is 4%, and you have the cash to pay it off today, you *might* be better off investing in the stock market, which has yielded 7-8% per year over long terms (30 years). Regardless, when you look at the math of inflation, you aren't paying a whole lot to have that money free elsewhere. Debt isn't the enemy, high interest debt is.
@_date: 2019-10-03 02:37:06
It's good enough to get the job done. Does it feel cheap? I don't think so, but it is only $50 or so. The Model T certainly doesn't feel like $150 worth of plastic, and for the lice, I would say it feels cheap comparatively. The Model S is about value.
@_date: 2019-06-22 05:02:59
Ledger is actually cool or warm storage. Cold would be completely offline, but he ledger gives you the ability to more safely actively spend. It's sill an attack vector though, so it's just cool/warm.
@_date: 2019-06-24 11:40:51
With enough Bitcoin and the rate of technology, we might start seeing people live much, much longer than this soon(ish).
@_date: 2019-06-05 04:43:43
Umm... Context? Is this in correction to something I said? Is this supporting my argument? You can get to that if you just google "2019 capital gains taxes" so it's pointless to post here without explanation...
@_date: 2019-02-11 02:58:40
Bitcoin won't solve this. You'll just have to prove some sort of association with being in China in order to get a payment address. Just because Bitcoin is cross borders, doesn't mean the Chinese government will allow companies to take money from anyone without verification. Bitcoin will either be illegal to accept, or the user will have to log in and prove some sort of Chinese association before being presented with a payment address to make a payment. At that point, sure, anyone could technically pay, but the item has to be delivered somewhere, which could also have to be verified (not allowed to ship outside China for Bitcoin payments).
@_date: 2019-10-09 00:19:36
OTG is On The Go. Hooks up your Nano S to an android device via the USB port. Not available for iOS.
@_date: 2019-06-03 07:09:54
Except if fiat trends towards zero, then even if your Bitcoin is worth millions, it's still worthless, as your cup of coffee cost you $2m. The idea scenario is when fiat hasn't collapsed, but Bitcoin is still worth millions, cuz that represents actual purchasing power, not just some arbitrary amount of fiat.
@_date: 2019-06-03 06:54:35
Banks aren't going anywhere. If anything you should be saying "buy Bitcoin bye fiat", but fiat isn't going anywhere either. It's worth too much for the powers that be to just give up that kinda control.
@_date: 2019-06-05 04:48:44
I think so. How many decades did it take to get the Internet to a point it became ubiquitous in our lives? I still remember as a child having to ask my parent to figure out what phone number we needed to plug into the computer so it could connect it's dialup connection to be correct server. We had to call 2-3 help representatives before they figured out what number we plugged in. Nowadays, everything is plug and play.
Bitcoin will eventually get there, but you gotta remember that it's still in its infancy. I look forward to the day my grandmother can send &amp; receive Bitcoin without hassle, but I suspect she'll long be dead by the time we get there. It'll happen, just not as quick as I'm sure we'd all like...
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:56:47
Only in-so-far as Bitcoin is an asset. Replace Bitcoin with literally any other asset, and it's the same question. You're asking how to pay taxes on assets, which, in and of itself, has nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-26 04:59:30
The problem with not fighting back is it would work - to some degree. Bitcoin is getting close to he point of no return (explosive growth that can't be stopped), but I don't think we're quite there yet. If it were to become illegal to own/hold Bitcoin right now, most US residents would have no choice but to "destroy their keys" or turn over their BTC. This has happened in the past, when owning gold became illegal, and it could happen in the future. Until we get to the massive tipping point, we need to make sure it's as difficult to shutdown crypto as possible. Once everyone and their grandma have it and are using it, it'll be signification harder to pass any legislation outright banning it.
@_date: 2019-06-10 18:01:21
It's not a catch 22. How do you think fiat currently works? Who determines what $1 is worth? Why does it take 5 of them to buy a burger? There isn't a central authority telling everyone the value of their dollars, that's decided by the market.
If I want to pay you 10 satoshis per day to do work for me, that's your wage. If you don't like it, go find one that pays 11, or 15. If I want to sell the burger my shop produces for 3 satoshis cuz I only pay 2 for the materials, that's set by the market. You don't need to have prices set by anything, cuz nothing sets the price of fiat currently. The market decided to offer more to get you to work for them, or decides to require less to get you to buy from them. It's all relative.
@_date: 2019-02-24 23:08:30
Ah, thanks for the clarification. I'm only loosely following brexit, and, I'll be honest, have no idea how the monetary system works in that part of the world.
@_date: 2019-06-12 20:33:00
I'd agree that an exchange does deanonomize you right off the bat, but you can always wash the coins to stop the exchange (or those they have to reveal info to) from tracking you. Thankfully most of my coins are from the coinbase, so I don't have to worry about that. It's not so much about avoiding taxes or such (I actually advocate for people to be responsible about taxes), but more so about preventing any additional tracking that these big tech companies already do. If Microsoft knows who you are and can link all your accounts together, they can figure out exactly what you spend money on, how often, etc... Individually, it's not a whole lot of info, but collectively it can reveal a shit load about a person's life. Of course, there are those all over Facebook and Twitter already sharing their entire life with the world, so those people won't care, but I personally prefer to make a minimal online footprint as much as possible.
@_date: 2019-06-10 23:03:04
The difference is I can go to the police and file a report and get back my USD. You can't do that with Bitcoin. There is no such thing as "confirmed transfer of USD". All of it can be reversed at the drop of a hat (also depend on on how much was stolen and how much you got).
@_date: 2019-06-03 23:06:19
If you plan on spending periodically, then a HW might be a good way to go. But if you're just looking to build up fat stacks of Bitcoin, you don't *need* one. Securely generate an address (and/or seed) and use it. The main advantage HW have is the ability to securely SPEND Bitcoin. If you never spend, you don't have a need for a HW.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:30:33
I'd recommend trying another wallet first, or getting Ian's stuff from github onto an offline computer to test to see if your seed is valid as is.
You should also try different combinations of ordering in case you decided to create your own "security". (Reverse order, every other one, etc)
@_date: 2019-06-03 12:47:59
Yeah, cuz storing all your wealth in gold in the past never backfired for anyone, right? It's happened before, it *could* happen again.
@_date: 2019-02-28 13:37:57
Makes sense, but once a transaction occurred that was invisible to the older nodes, wouldn't that transaction, from then onwards, be required to use the method invisible to older blocks? So, if I sent Bitcoin from wallet A to B using extension blocks, then older nodes wouldn't be aware of any Bitcoin in B, and wouldn't accept any transactions trying to send from B. This wouldn't be an issue as long as it's sent in this invisible way. This effectively locks up your coins in this method and would prevent you from sending the coins back to regular addresses, no? Or is the address the old nodes see one of those "anyone can spend" setups, where the "real" address is seen by the newer nodes, while the older ones just see "generic" info?
@_date: 2019-02-14 13:45:01
Perhaps for the producer, which might encourage more producers, which in turn drives competition, further improving actual renewable efficiency. It's a trickle down effect, but I could see renewables becoming more cost efficient for the layman somewhere down the line. Going to take a while to get there though... I am looking forward to cheaper solar when I go to buy some panels in a couple years.
@_date: 2019-02-25 22:42:12
So, you're not right here. If the price of Bitcoin went to $1 right now for some unknown reason, but none of the miners turned off their mining machines, the network would still be just as secure yesterday as it is today (at the $1 price). Nothing has changed security wise or functionality wise.
However, mining at $1 bitcoins is not sustainable at these difficulty levels, so the least profitable miners would turn off their machines. THIS, and only this, is what weakens the security. Just because price movement was a precursor doesn't mean price changed the security. The miner no longer willing to run his machine is what reduced security.
As I mentioned, there is a correlation between price &amp; mining difficulty, as more profits means people are encouraged to turn on more machines, and less profits means people are encouraged to turn off machines, but price in and of itself, has nothing to do with the network security.
My reference to reduced security for reduced value is as follows: if the market cap for BTC was $1 million, there (typically) won't be a lot of security to support it (miners can't make their profit). Therefore, it'd be easier to attack and disrupt. The payoff (if you stole all he BTC) would only be $1 million. However, if the market cap of BTC were $1 trillion, there would be significantly more miners looking for profit, which improves security. Here, you'd have to expend vastly more resources to try to disrupt Bitcoin because of how many more miners are trying to get their slice of the pie.
The type or quantity of transactions is irrelevant since I'm measuring the market as a whole.
The whole block reward system works for the time being, since its decent for now. As time goes on, fees need to cover the lack of a block reward in order to incentive miners to provide security. This'll happen one way or another as it becomes an issue, and will lead to all kinds of debates in the future. In 2-3 more halvenings (after this one), fees will need to really be ramping up. There are many technologies getting put into place to allow this, and more to be developed in the future.
@_date: 2019-06-01 17:26:52
Traditional computing security: NEVER write your passwords down!
Bitcoin: write ALL your passwords EVERYWHERE!
@_date: 2019-06-02 06:36:32
BTC... Cuz I don't know how many the fuck 1000000000 satoshis is... Too many zeros...
@_date: 2019-06-18 06:52:30
Crypto taxes are actually pretty easy to do. Turbotax has a section about it where you just fill in the acquired date &amp; price, and sale date, pride &amp; quantity. It does the math and you're good to go. Just keep records of all your transactions.
@_date: 2019-06-30 12:29:45
Okay, so I think we've figured out the disagreement here. I thought it was painfully obvious that I was referring to a subjective valuation of "currency", considering how many time I've said the word "subjective". You're referring to this as "philosophical value", but I've just been using the definition of "value" as defined by merrian Webster.
"Value": 1. Monitary worth of something. 2. A fair return or equivalent in return of goods... 3. Relative worth, utility or importance.
Obviously I'm talking to its relative nature.
As far as "currency" goes: 2. a. Something that is in circulation as a medium of exchange. b. Paper money in circulation. c. A common article for bartering.
If sea shells were used as a common article for bartering, it seems to fit the definition here.
My misquoting you is a fair claim. While you never said that specifically, you have said "the value of national currency... Is determined by government policy..." when I'm specifically referring to the subjective value placed on all goods relative to the individual (which you've called "philosophical value" that I can't confirm the definition of).
Sea shells in this hypotehertical are a currency, as defined above. I went under the assumption that they are some hypothetical place's common bartering instrument, just as you brought up another nations's bartering instrument. There is a significant difference between shells &amp; fiat, for sure, but they're both "currencies". The point I was making is that their subjective value varies between individuals (what you refer to as "philosophical value" that I can't confirm the definition of).
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:29:43
1) It's the IRS that has designated it as an asset "for tax reporting purposes". I assume that any other organization could declare it something, but when it comes to filing your taxes, they'd still be considered an asset until the IRS recognizes (or is forced to recognize) it as a foreign currency.
2) Centralized vs decentralized has been thrown around a lot and has lost a lot of meaning for many people. For instance, many would consider BSV centralized cuz it's an alt coin led by a very few select individuals who tend to lead the coin in the direction they choose. Same can be said about BCH (but more so the fact that a few few select individuals own the vast majority of the available coins). These are still decentralized coins, which have centralized aspects to them. The same about BTC miners can be said. It used to be that people would open their laptops while I was in college and start their Bitcoin miners just for fun. Over time, technology improvements have centralized this into a handful of massive mining companies. Over time, it may centralize further or decentralize further.
2b) Something like Chase Coin or Facebook Coin are centralized cryptos. They are issued &amp; kept track of (the ledger) by private, centralized authorities. You don't know, nor can you verify, the exact amount of Facebook Coin that everyone controls, you have to rely on Facebook telling you how much you have.
3) When you talk about scaling transaction rates, you're specifically taking about increasing transaction throughput, not clearing speed. Blocks happen every 10 minutes (on average). That's it. That's a design of Bitcoin and won't be changing. What can change is the blocksize or space efficiency. We're constantly working on the later, with SegWit providing ~4x space savings, and other optimizations like signature aggregation and the likes helping to make more complex transactions simpler. Alternatively, you could just make blocks bigger like BCH has. More space, more transactions. This has nothing to do with the mining hash rate nor methodology.
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:36:37
Wipe the hardware wallet between uses, that way you're only "vulerable" when you go to use it, which is when you can update it. All a hardware wallet does is let you safely spend your coins. You're going to store your seed the exact same way with or without it, so not having one means you're either super vulnerable (and you destroy your secure wallet) when you use it, or you're going to have to jump through a million hoops to use it securely. A hardware wallet solves all of these, and if wiped in between uses, there's no downside.
@_date: 2019-02-23 02:31:36
Unless you have a backup of the keys, yes, they're gone.
@_date: 2019-06-24 11:37:52
For that, you need a license... And that's a whole nother rabbit hole.
We all like to think that we're innocent until proven guilty, but more often than not, it's on us to probe we didn't commit tax fraud, not up to the IRS to find out where we did, else everyone could just say "I don't remember where I got it, but I did, and I did my taxes right." And get away with it.
@_date: 2019-08-27 22:49:58
Great response, appreciate the feedback.
Trezor and ledger are wallet agnostic, and will work with any software that support them. There's no need to, and I highly encourage others who have these devices to stop using the company's wallets. They're not bad, but there are much better options out there. If you have someone who doesn't care or know better, at least they have a hardware wallet to begin with.
I know Trezor used to use computer input for a variety of things, including your seed phrase, but as far as I know, they switched their default to use the device only now. Ledger hasn't had any computer input to my knowledge. I'll agree that that's one of the "features" I dislike about the Trezor.
I've had the coldcard on my radar for a while now, just never pulled the trigger. Maybe I'll get around to doing that in the next couple of days.
One question I have though: how does it handle passphrases? Are they persistent? Does the device have to restart to apply them? Any issues with thier use that you've noticed?
@_date: 2019-06-19 17:34:44
Yes, but we're talking about a multi billion security wall where a couple million or hundred million drop out. It's a drop in the bucket compared to how much remains. (Not talking explicitly about the purchase price of the remaining hash power, but also the R&amp;D time to develop the technology too - it all adds up to be quite a lot.)
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:31:56
I don't think anyone could *thrive*, but some would be able to deal with it better than others, for sure. Anyone who chose to hold onto their coins will have a hell of a time making them usable again either way.
@_date: 2019-10-06 04:36:23
USD is already a deflating currency relative to technology. I remember reading about Sony's first 1080p projector for the bargain price of $10,000. I literally just threw away a 1080 projector because I have a better one. Wasn't worth the $20 on Craigslist. Technology tomorrow is always better and or cheaper than technology today, yet people still buy plenty of it, despite their purchasing power decreasing overall.
Additionally, there will always be incentive to invest because there's always someone who wants to invest/create a product that people will want. They won't have money to do it, but by paying a premium for it, they can get money now to invest in higher returns than standard deflation. This means that people would still be incentivized to invest (perhaps not to the same degree, but it's still there).
Andreas has a really good video out on this that explains why when economists say "you need inflation", they're not taking about bitcoin's style of deflation - it's quite nuanced and definitely worth a watch.
@_date: 2018-06-05 03:40:02
That is essentially what I've done. My biggest issue with splitting the key \(or even using a 12\-word phrase to begin with\) is with half the key comes a vastly reduced security. Having a 12 word key out of order, for instance, has only 4.79e8 possibilities \(as appose to 6.23e23\), which is easily cracked. Having only half the words is still super secure \(5.4e39\), but it only takes 2 leaks till the wallet is known to be compromised. Splitting the key seems like a good idea, but I don't want to reduce the security of the process any. A big concern is that someone in my family will toss it out where some random can just see it. I'd rather they throw away an encrypted version and not be able to recover the funds, rather than, by random happen chance, someone manage to recover multiple pieces and put it all together. I'll be storing a similarly scrambled version of their codes digitally so if they lose their backup, I can still help recover their funds.
I am familiar with the idea of creating my own cipher being weak, but my requirements are that those using this are computer illiterate, which means I can't tell them to "run it through a \_\_\_ algorithm with your password as the cipher text". Literally anything I do for these guys has to be done already \(incorporated into an application \- namely a Ledger or Trezor which is what they'd use if they wanted to avoid the one\-time use issue\) or can be done with pen &amp; paper.
Either way, I appreciate your feedback!
@_date: 2019-06-10 05:05:15
Does this work for Ledger Nano X? I was able to get the S working a couple weeks ago, but the X wasn't recognized by Electrum.
Edit: it's the Ledger Nano, not Trezor Nano...
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:56:03
My coworker bought $5 off me because he didn't realize he could transfer his exact 1.0 off Coinbase when he bought it. I topped him up so he had (at least) 1.0. Go for it if it makes you happy... I was super annoyed when I had to move my numbers around, since the last time I touched them they were sexy round numbers (with zero fees). It's annoying now, seeing 0.09999921, but that's life...
@_date: 2019-06-03 22:54:46
High fees aren't a BTC fuckup. It's by design that block space is limited to create a fee market, driving innovation to optimize block space usage. Is it higher than desirable for all use cases? Sure. But that's the cost you pay for the immutability, uncensorable security of the Bitcoin blockchain. Secondary layers help to alleviate this, but it's still by design that a fee market should develop.
@_date: 2019-06-17 12:18:48
There are plenty of ways for the government to find out who's spending BTC if they really wanted. Once they find out you have some but haven't reported any on your taxes, you're busted.
@_date: 2019-10-04 02:48:20
Can't go wrong with either. I have several Nano S, Nano X, Model T &amp; coldcard, and the S is my daily driver. No need to pay more than necessary &amp; it gets the job done. Recovering the seed is a pain in the ass, but honestly, how often are you going to do that? Biggest gripe with the Model T (Trezors in general) is the dependency on the software to support it for full functionality &amp; it's horrible (IMO) passphrase handling.
@_date: 2019-06-28 05:45:29
Look at capacity in terms of USD value. 1k BTC when the price was $3k represents only $3m in network capacity, but 950 BTC at $13k is $12+m in capacity. As the price surges, it makes sense to periodically rebalance the channels. It's dangerous to leave too much in lightning, so some channels can be closed to reduce risk.
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:21:12
That would be like trying to claim that when someone steals your $200 computer, you also lost $800 worth of music you downloaded onto it. It's extremely hard to claim assets that can easily be backed up/copied elsewhere. I think one of the first questions you'd be asked by the adjuster was "where's your backup?" They'll do just about anything to get out of insurance claims, so it would be a hard pressed battle.
You also then have to *prove* that your wallet contained those addresses, cuz you could just claim any random addresses were yours to commit fraud. That's also going to be exceedingly difficult without keys.
@_date: 2019-10-16 11:04:59
Doesn't mean that it can't have its advantages.
@_date: 2019-10-23 20:29:44
Congradulations, sir, you've found him!
@_date: 2019-08-07 04:06:28
I'm skeptical that we're going to see "the biggest yet". There's a lot of things that each cycle did differently than all the previous ones, but the one consistency has been a decline in the magnitude of each bull market. Each one has brought us lower gains than the last, and I suspect this will continue. As more money/investment/people become involved, the whims of a few whales won't budge the market nearly as much. There won't be nearly as much speculation and emotional movement. We'll see the market become more reasonable and mature as time goes on. Unfortunately, that means smaller gains, but also smaller losses. I think the time for record breaking gains is over, we're just in for a smooth(ish - it's all relative) climb to the top.
@_date: 2019-02-24 16:09:22
There can also be a distinction made between Bitcoin the protocol, and bitcoin the unit of account used on the protocol. While not universally used, enough people use it that it's worth mentally knowing the distinction even if you don't use it.
OP, you might consider doing some kind of straw poll setup, that way Reddit accounts aren't linked to responses and such. You could also just look through the wallets on the network and see which % of wallets hold which % of coins. Something like (fake numbers) 60% of BTC are held in 1% of wallets (exchanges, satoshi, etc), and 88% of wallets have &lt;1BTC, 8% &lt;2 BTC, etc. This won't tell you how much users have per se, but it's an easy metric to get.
To answer your question, I'll go with 9.
@_date: 2019-06-01 17:24:15
"but your math is off" is an overly modest way to call out my blatant misrepresentation of the math. As 44Degrees pointed out, it is 2048^8... I'm usually pretty good at double checkin myself, but 3am Reddit posts still gonna get me...
@_date: 2019-08-17 15:57:21
I love how it's "convert your bitcoins when you need it", implying that you can't spend the Bitcoin itself and therefore have to convert it in order to make purchases, and then he's jumped on with a "no, spend Bitcoin"...
I'm all for spending, but not everywhere is accepting, and you've got to convert to local currency when people aren't accepting for the time being. You can't force someone to accept bitcoin...
@_date: 2019-08-26 05:28:53
You're confusing a couple things. Your "hash number" is probably your public key, since that's where you send bitcoin. There is no correlation between a bitcoin address ("hash number") and who generated/owns it. If you don't remember what website/3rd party you used, then you're out of luck.
If you remember when you send the bitcoin, any other details about the process you used or anything you recognize (ATM? MtGox? Coinbase? Blockchain.info?), then maybe we can help limit down your search space.
@_date: 2019-02-11 02:48:21
Better yet, do this with fortnite, where you pay X satoshis to buy into the game, 10% is taken by the fame host for fees, profit, etc, and the other 90% is awarded back to the players as prizes. Obviously winner gets a significant chunk (~30%), players 2-5 get some (~10%) and 6-10 get the rest (~4%). Each player paid in 2% of the pot, so as long as you place top 10 every other game, you can play for free effectively.
Allow players to create match rooms of their own choosing (hosted on actual servers, not a player's computer), and any significant reports of cheating get moderated and reviewed. Chester forfeits all earnings, and multiple false cheating reports causes the reporters to forfeit earnings. It would still be abused to some degree, but you could have some seriously crazy games where you have 50 players each "bet" 1 BTC on a game cuz they think they're hot shit.
@_date: 2019-06-04 04:32:35
Long term cap gains is 0% in the lowest tax bracket (up to ~100k married, filing jointly). However, that's $100k of income + cap gains, so unless you're getting everything tax free for the year, you're looking at realizing much less gains at 0%.
I'm currently using this method to raise the cost basis of my coins for 0% federal taxes. For every $5k I put into 401k/IRA, I can realize that $5k in capital gains at 0%. As long as I keep my income + cap gains below that threshold. You still gotta pay state taxes provided you're in taxed states.
@_date: 2019-06-03 20:15:02
If you open up the Nano S and go through the process to add the SegWit accounts, you should be able to see if there's a balance or not. If yes, then you're set. If not, you'll need to get an address, switch back to the legacy account &amp; send to that address in order to put the coins under a SegWit address in order to benefit from SegWit.
@_date: 2019-06-30 13:20:46
The more I think about it, the more it feels like we're arguing for 2 sides of the same coin. Please let me know if I'm off base here, but here's how I see the overall conversation:
A currency issued by Zimbabwe has objective value because the government has declared it the one and only legal currency of the nation. This means that, objectively, one can trade gods &amp; services for Zimbabwe dollars. However, the quantity of Zimbabwe dollars necessary for that exchange to take place is the subjective value. If the Zimbabwe dollar is subjectively highly valued, I'm willing to accept less of them for my goods, but if the Zimbabwe dollar isn't highly valued, I'm going to demand a signfincant number of them to trade out for my goods.
Is this the angle you're taking to make the claims you do? I have no issue saying that there is an objective value to issued currencies, but that still doesn't eliminate the larger component, which is their subjective value. A currency that no one wants to use is a worthless currency - it can't function unless people place value in it.
@_date: 2019-06-17 20:28:23
Your info is correct as long as you're using FIFO. My coins are split across a dozen wallets here and there, yet all pull from the same FIFO queue when I spend from any one place.
@_date: 2019-10-30 23:47:01
They already do. If I sold WOW gold for money (or stuff), thats income. Thats literally the definition of income. No one probably pays taxes on that, but it is taxed.
@_date: 2019-02-21 05:12:46
Oh no doubt, I agree that CCs are gonna be around a long time. They're highly lucrative.. For the CC companies, but other than the larger customer base, CCs end up being a nightmare for retailers. If customers naturally migrated to Bitcoin due to its ease of use and possible discounts like you might get with cash, I could see a gradual decay in CC popularity. We're taking decades upon decades, but if Bitcoin becomes as easy to manipulate and move around as we all want it to be, it'll be just like handling cash. Could your hot wallet get stolen from your person? Sure, but so could your current wallet with cash. CCs have the advantage here, but when merchants get left with no product &amp; no money (from a chargeback), they'll be looking for something more secure. The security of confirmed ownership of Bitcoin might be worth a discount over the 90-120+ day of "is this or that customer going to chargeback their purchase and steal money out of my account?"
Who really knows what's going to happen in the long run. CC companies did a great job of getting everyone hooked into the system. Everyone has a CC cuz all the stores accept it, and all the stores accept it because everyone has a CC. If Bitcoin starts to replace cash transactions, and more businesses pick it up, the ecosystem with build up off each other. But again, I'm taking decades... Assuming BTC survives that long.
@_date: 2019-02-10 15:05:51
Technically, according to the IRS, you're earning income on the Bitcoin at different prices by mining, which means you have to pay taxes on it. The upside is you can write off the cost/losses of hardware, but you're still taxed on it.
So, buying $100 worth of Bitcoin a month may get you a variable amount each month, but mining with $100 worth of electricity, you're getting an ever decreasing amount of Bitcoin for the $100, and you're taxed on it as income.
Intially, that $100 in electricity gets you more BTC than just buying $100 worth of BTC, and hopefully for a long time. If not, you'd have been better off just buying BTC. It's really all a gamble, no one way is the right way, you just have to weigh that as opportunity cost.
@_date: 2019-02-23 00:24:14
I was interested in how 0-conf would work (Avalanche), so I did some research, and just to restate what I found, the most recent 100 block's miners are the ones you ask if transactions are valid or not? Doesn't that put a heavy load on the miners? And mean that anyone who has any significant portion of mining power over the last 100 blocks has a significant chance to swing the validity vote in their favor? Like, if 2 transactions are broadcast simultaneously, and it's a 48-32 split, the remaining miner at 20% gets to have ultimate authority over which was valid, right? Doesn't this also mean that miners must necessarily deanonomize themseves in order to vote on valid transactions?
Sounds a little scary to give miners that much power. I'd prefer the BIP allowing pool participants to control which translations they choose to include in their blocks (while still paying the pool the coinbase), which development seems to have stopped on. Anything to decentralize who gets to decide what's real &amp; not further.
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:01:40
How would you spend them anonymously on something of meaningful value? Most places that sell items of meaningful value abide by the law, which says it's illegal to accept Bitcoin under our presumption. Mixing just anonymizes who's coins they are, not that coins are being spent.
Other than this, I agree. I think banning it would be dumb cuz it can't be stopped, but their usefulness would significantly decline overall (for law abiding citizens).
@_date: 2019-06-26 15:10:24
I was just letting you know the source/reasoning of the "never post how much you have online". I don't necessarily agree with it, but to each their own.
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:28:26
First off, your Bitcoin is gone, not your USD. And it's getting harder and harder to exchange USD for Bitcoin quickly. It's not like you can get $100k converted within a coupe hours to pay the ransom. You're looking at days if not a week to get verified somewhere to be able to do that.
@_date: 2019-06-03 22:56:54
There is no difference between an on-chain transaction and a LN opening transaction, since you know, it's also on chain. The benefit you get with LN is reusability of the transaction, where 1 channel can be used thousands of times without needing to go on-chain. If you're doing a single transfer, LN is dumb, as you'll need 2 transactions (1 open &amp; 1 to close).
@_date: 2019-02-18 21:02:49
I did this, and they said $3,300. I gave them a $100, and they changed it to $4,221. Best investment ever!
@_date: 2019-06-19 17:31:51
Yeah, no. You'd still pay taxes any time you spend BTC... Nice try though...
@_date: 2019-06-13 04:51:03
Can't pay less fees than if you don't sell... Just sayin...
@_date: 2019-06-03 23:01:18
I assume blue wallet is a light wallet, connecting to someone else's server like electrum does by default. Look that up if you want more info on how they operate.
LN nodes store channel states, which start from transaction data from the blockchain, but immediately diverge into their own dataset that is completely unknown &amp; ignored by the main blockchain until a channel is closed.
@_date: 2019-02-22 02:24:06
The trezor should come completely uninitiaized. If it has working firmware on it, report it to trezor, otherwise the first thing you'll have to do is download the genuine trezor software &amp; firmware for the device. Doing this means nothing can tamper with your software. Additionally, you should see plenty of security seals and such with the packaging.
For super security/confirmation, pop it open and see what it looks like. Compare to pictures online and make sure nothing's been added.
A series of hacks against hardware wallets was demonstrated fairy recently, but all of them required extensive access to the devices (already setup &amp; in use), or proximity to a user &amp; computer compromise. Essentially, they were neat little parlor tricks, but nothing of any real concern. As long as you don't have preloaded keys/software, you should be fine.
@_date: 2019-02-11 02:20:12
No one (in their right mind) would run a company, corporate or government blockchain, because they're highly inefficient and "costly" to run (not monitary value, but resource, etc). Blockchains are one of the most basic data structures taught in computer classes, and they're immediately dismissed for their inefficiencies compared to almost everything else. If a company wants to record some sort of data, they'll use regular databases, not blockchains.
@_date: 2019-06-24 11:42:18
Fair. Just making sure you weren't extrapolating Satoshi's possible intentions out a decade into the future. Seems plausible.
@_date: 2019-06-20 05:41:32
~10 minutes to get to the exchange, assuming you paid a hefty fee. Maybe another 20-30 minutes for the exchange to get the confirmations they need to release your ability to manipulate the coins. 30 seconds to sell. Should be able to be done within an hour, tops.
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:29:19
Beats my 1 in the past year for my ledger... I'm sure the software comes or more often, but there's no real need to update...
@_date: 2019-06-30 02:12:05
Are you saying that shells have value as currency in today's world? They were once used as a currency, so surely you'll gladly trade your car for a handful of my shells?
Edit: also... Character attack? Really? No need to resort to childish behavior. We can disagree and try to rationalize our positions to each other like adults, yes?
@_date: 2019-06-04 04:46:34
Interesting... A quick google just pointed me to a couple of forms to fill out, but I didn't look much further into it. That really sucks...
@_date: 2019-02-05 23:45:10
Just watched this, and I wonder how you get the feeling it's an obituary? He certainly didn't say it's dead, just that it's fallen 80% (which has happened multiple times in the past). In fact, he even said Bitcoin isn't going anywhere at the end of the video. It sounded like a fairly fact driven argument/presentation, even if the facts were smudged a bit. I think that was more due to misinformation than malice.
You also have to keep in mind that due to YouTube's algorithm, the more sensational the video, the more clicks it'll get, so it's a little over dramatized, but still nothing near an obituary to my ears.
I'm curious to see what made you think that...
@_date: 2019-02-11 11:32:07
You wouldn't want an untrusted consensus. Bitcoin's consensus can be trusted because everything is verified. By having mistrust in the actors, the blockchain can be trusted as correct, with additional blocks cementing the previous one's confidence of accuracy.
What would be the incentive for security of a corporate run blockchain? Why would they need decentralized consensus? How would they prevent a rival company from gaining 51% control?
It just doesn't make sense in many levels. If you wanted to protect corporate assets or something, you can use a regular database with a M of N scheme where multiple board members have to digitally sign to unlock the ability to move/sell/buy assets. That can all be done without a blockchain.
@_date: 2019-10-11 00:24:50
No. Lots lets you choose specific coins to spend from. Which means you could spend your first coins, your last coins, or anything in between. LIFO is explicitly last in first out, meaning you can only spend your most recently acquired coins. There is no freedom to choose which coins to spend in FIFO or LIFO.
@_date: 2019-10-11 00:23:39
Well enough that there's no doubt in the auditors mind about how it's being tracked. If you want to track it per address, or per UTXO, you can. Just have to be able to prove it when you say "I don't pay any capital gains on these because my cost basis is the same as sale price".
@_date: 2019-06-03 07:06:16
There's a meme floating around showing Internet modem progression of BTC vs just adding more modems for BCH, and this somewhat holds true.
The major debate was over *how* to scale and *when*. The majority consensus was that, while unfortunate in the short term, smaller blocks force optimizations and efficiency gains that'll benefit us now and well into the future. Increasing blocksize during the fork would have led to us still havin full blocks (but much larger) a lack of optimization (batching, etc) and no secure 0-conf transactions (lightning). I'd much rather see the harder problems tackled now than to try scaling to the entire world immediately and regretting it later. You have to realize that someone needs to be able to download the entire blockchain in 100 years from now too, and if it's terabytes in size cuz no one cares about efficiency, then we're making the blockchain worse.
@_date: 2019-02-23 04:30:36
The same way your internet packets are routed. Maps &amp; tables pointing to neighbors that point to neighbors. It'll be a hub &amp; spoke type of topography, similar to how everyone connects through the ISPs. The main difference is that creating your own "ISP" should be pretty easy to do so anyone can join, not just those with millions in infrastructure.
@_date: 2019-02-24 23:06:46
Well, stable for you, perhaps. If you're only dipping your toes into Bitcoin with $5 worth, what's a $1 or $2 lost/gained (think absolute, not percentage)? But for large companies and major investments, 9% represents massive losses of purchasing power, or major gains worth millions/billions. You can now sell off foreign stock for foreign cash and convert back for some nice gains right there.
You're right in the people feel it in different ways, and many long time hodlers will tell you 10% is nothing, but the point is that those numbers aren't exclusive to crypto. 90%+? Maybe not so much with other assets that have survived, but many companies did similar after the dotcom bust, and a few are still around to tell the tale.
Great info by the way.
@_date: 2019-10-16 21:40:16
What's even more fun to think about is when it goes negative as no more are created, but some are lost daily. Price goes to infinity. We'll all be infinity rich!
@_date: 2019-02-10 07:04:22
I'm running 3... 1 full &amp; ports opened/forwarded, 2 pruned, 1 behind firewall other open. 3 different countries via VPNs to help anyone with filters beyond their control to be able to connect.
All that said, I don't want a block size decrease. I think we're sitting just fine as it is, and we're making the optimizations needed to better conserve block space. If we weren't, then I might consider smaller blocks.
A 1.3 MB block + a 0.5 MB block + 0.75 MB block takes the same space to store as 3 0.85 MB blocks if you artificially reduce the block size. The only thing that'll decrease the actual blocksize is a reduction in transaction count or further optimization (batching, etc). Optimizations are already being made, and I'm not a fan of telling people to make less transactions. Lightning adoption is growing, which'll encourage this further on its own.
@_date: 2019-02-13 12:48:47
I got started not terribly long after the switch to GPU mining. Ended up building a 20 GPU rig and mining off free electricity for quite a while. Periodically did things here and there, but it was plug and play for the most part. Butterfly Labs came out and promised everyone the world. Ordered a handful of stuff from them, but delt with delays, out of stock orders, etc. ended up getting ~20 of their ASICs when they finally shipped. Upgraded from those to ant miners, all the while I kept adding extension cords to different rooms in my house to get more power to my miner box (I gutted an armoire, added exhaust events with some of those stupid powerful vortex fans, and a couple of fresh air intakes). Upgraded from those to Spondoolies SP10/SP30s, which required hosting. The company I picked was local, but they had a warehouse issue that needed remodeling so they offered to ship my stuff to another colo, charge me 5% less and cover my lost profit from the ship time. I agreed, but still had my contract through them. They apparently never paid the other colo, so when the bill became well overdue, the other colo just sold off my miners, along with a handful of other customer's stuff, to make back the payment owed to them.
My % network was at its peak around the BFL Single/Ant miner days, and I didn't quite keep up with the growth as fast as I wanted. But at that time, I wasn't reporting everything like I should she been, so I was hesitant to go too crazy lest someone catch wind and decide to look closer. Since then, I've done the work to legitimize everything, but only have an incredibly tiny fraction of the total number of coins I've seen... Kinda feels bad when I look back at my projections of how many coins I should have had by now... And then see how empty the coffers currently are. =( that's life though. Overall, I'm better off now because of my involvement, but I'll never mine again, just not with the risk/effort anymore.
Edit: Forgot to add that once my miners went offline, I opened a help ticket, emailed the local company and basically never heard back from them. I caught one of them at the local office, he gave me some run around answer and then they all disappeared. Phones were deactivated, emails turned off/rejected, nothing... I ended up getting back 1 SP30, but I had to impersonate the local colo owner to get UPS to give it to me. Thankfully they didn't ask for ID.
@_date: 2019-10-13 11:37:31
A Bitcoin wallet is software hat allows direct interface with the underlying currency. Venmo only allows you to interface with internal company servers, who then get to decide if they like you enough to perform the action on your behalf. There's a clear difference. One could argue that custodial wallets are no different (and you'd be correct), but those aren't required for Bitcoin and are 3rd parties. At that point, you're comparing Venmo to Coinbase, which is a fair comparison.
I certainly hope that you're right and I'm wrong. I just don't see it for a large majority of (you are correct that I'm speaking to a limited scope) the western world. There are still many hurdles that need to be gotten over for those in 3rd world countries that need it the most in order for them to benefit. Technology tends to trickle down slowly from saturation of more developed countries to those that aren't at the forefront of technology development. I suspect we'll see crypto reach max adoption in 1st world countries first, with it trickling into 3rd world countries later. At least initially (and probably for a long while), the majority of users will be the target demographic to which I speak.
You're absolutely right that people will get tired of the archaic way banks do business, but if all major banks are on some type of crypto system, we should expect things to improve tremendously, especially considering I could make the same transaction myself pretty quickly/easily. I suspect we'll see banks function as transaction congregators, where I can pay 1 sat/kb, along with 1000 other people, and the bank can combine the requests and send off higher priority transactions while keeping some of the fee for themselves. This allows the bank to push a 100 sat/kb through the network with high priority, and have it not cost users that much in individual fees. For most people, there isn't an issue, and when there is, anyone will be able to fall back to lightning or Bitcoin and carry on their business. Banks will be forced to respond actively and improve efficiency, else they won't have a reason to exist.
@_date: 2019-10-12 14:14:57
You're a little late to the party. IRS has been taxing Bitcoin for years - what was recently released was the decision that forks &amp; airdrops count as income.
Yes, you'll have to record all the cost basis for your various coins and their sale price when you sell them or exchange them for goods (to include other crypto). Hopefully you've done this since 2014 or so, since you'll need to file since back then if you haven't.
Merchants won't necessarily have to do this, since they aren't necessarily receiving crypto. If they use a payment processor, they aren't even touching crypto, but if they have an automated system that receives coins, transfers them to an exchange and immediately sells them, then any change in basis can be "ignored" (it's actually rolled into the cost of the payment received), since they aren't holding. Essentially, if I paid $10 in crypto, and the company had it on an exchange and sold within a short period of time for $9.97, that "lost" 3 cent was equivalent to a middleman taking a cut. That sale would be recorded as a $9.97 sale to me for their tax reporting purposes.
@_date: 2019-06-10 23:16:21
Why do corporations go through what trouble? Calculating profit? That's literally what a business does.
The purpose of a premise is that it's a given truth. If I said the premise of my argument is that I'm the richest person in the world and have the ability to spend infinite amounts of money, then it is true. There's no debating the premise. You can claim the premise is wrong, or not likely, but then you're side stepping the argument. If you want to partake in the discussion as it is, you have to accept the premise. So, under the premise of global utilization of Bitcoin as the only currency, what issue do you have with my statements?
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:25:39
Including when it first came out? I picked up the T cuz I couldn't find anything that said the One had any way to recover the seed words via the device itself, so I didn't think it was there for that long.
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:53:50
I was able to get my stuff to work from one library I added (which I then setup to be persistently installed), but since I was one of the first to order the X, I'm just guessing it'll take some time to get all the support added. I'll check sometime this week to see what's up. Thanks for your work!
@_date: 2019-02-13 13:13:07
I see your argument for scarcity - don't completely agree, but it's certainly one that's valid.
"Proof of ownership without risk of confiscation" means that I can prove I own X number of coins (by signing with those keys), and provide that proof without risking immediate theft. Not saying they can't be stolen, just that providing proof doesn't make you vulnerable. If I need to prove that I have $50k in cash, I'm carrying around that much money in a briefcase, and can be stolen directly off me. A picture is worthless since it could be doctored/fake. If I need to prove I have $50k in some kind of bank account, the only way to prove it is to show that you can transfer that much to someone else, and then you have to hope they send it back (banks may offer a service where they lock up your funds and provide a garanted on a quantity of money in your account, although I've not experienced this, so I'm not 100% on this). The point is that I can provide that absolute proof with Bitcoin, not require trusting a 3rd party, and securely/safely present that information to provide proof of reserves.
Well, true, to some extent. Certainly physical goods like that are easy to hand over, but I'd argue with your 2nd point of being not more certain. I have a friend who purchased a car off Craigslist, got the title signed over, took it to the DMV and got it registered. He had it for about a week until one day it went missing from his driveway. A neighbor told him it was towed. It took him several hours to find out who towed it, but it turns out the previous owner held a title still, went to the cops and told them it was stolen. They found it, or the previous owner tracked it down and had it towed. I'm not 100% sure why they didn't try to pull the latest digitally stored version (in whatever format they're stored in), but my coworker was able to get the car back the next day by presenting the latest line of ownership. It's really stupid how that went down, but the physical ownership of a "fake" piece of paper was trusted (we never got to figure out how the previous owner did it, if it was fake or a copy or what - and we didn't get to hear if he got punished for what he did, which blows). If this information were digitally stored (and only digitally stored), the previous owner wouldn't have been able to sign for it and this entire issue could have been avoided. This is where digital asset management would excel.
@_date: 2019-10-09 00:22:59
Since no one else replied to this, both Nano S and X work with phones (the S doesn't support iOS, but I don't imagine the Trezor does either). The X supports literally anything with BT, provided theres a wallet for it.
@_date: 2019-06-11 05:02:29
What does kidnapping have to do with the difference between USD and Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:40:10
Not your keys, not your coins. Everyone should hard pass.
@_date: 2019-02-26 04:46:29
Well sure, but I was taking about a purchase directly from the selling companies. Assuming the legit base hardware, it'd be hard to do much tampering pre-setup. Only weaknesses that have been demonstrated (to my knowledge) have been evil-maid attacks (physical access required).
@_date: 2019-06-20 01:19:01
What's to stop me from just giving myself Bitcoin? (The network wouldn't agree with your decision.)
Who decides how much everyone has? (The network verifies the history of transactions.)
If "the network" decides how much everyone has, then what's to stop them from giving themselves your coins? (*facepalm*)
@_date: 2019-06-06 06:24:37
All I'm seeing is blank spaces... Guess I've not got the updated character set... No can do from me then...
@_date: 2019-02-07 07:33:10
As far as the IRS is concerned, anything you do with Bitcoin, other than transfer it amongst your own wallets, is essentially a sale (recognizing gains/losses), handing the cash over to the recipient, and them immediately repurchasing Bitcoin with the cash. There's no way to get around this, and yes, it's a stupid pain. The best hope is that we get legislature that allows it to be spent like cash. The IRS is gonna want their cut, so they'll find some way to continue to tax it somehow.
@_date: 2019-06-25 06:30:53
With how large a debt problem we have, I don't particularly see an issue with encouraging saving. Not nearly enough people do it today. Purchases still need to be made, so people will spend. Anyone who really wants something now will still go into debt, but there will be the constant encouragement for people to actually build up savings. Potentially invest in companies that'll provide additional returns, and in exchange, those companies may not have to pay as much for their loan because the underlying asset itself is inflating.
@_date: 2019-02-27 05:31:27
It honesty doesn't surprise me... Cali has lost their minds...
I completely agree that legislature is never a one and done deal. It's a fight we'll have to win multiple times, over multiple years. Having larger numbers helps though, just as having multiple defeats helps. Legislature that has been curb stomped multiple times in other states is likely to continue to lose, and therefore less likely to be proposed. I really just hope we can hit this snowball effect/turning point quickly, before too many legislatures try to control Bitcoin in a stupid way. The more voices we have, the more accountable we can hold our law makers.
@_date: 2019-06-05 04:44:37
What is cake day? You're the 2nd person to say that and I'm so confused...
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:26:32
This man poets.
@_date: 2019-06-27 18:01:08
The IRS will make you prove where you got the lambo from. They'll track down the seller and ask for payment details, figure out you had crypto, and that you intentionally lied &amp; committed fraud on your returns. It's not worth it for the relatively little capital gains taxes you should have paid...
@_date: 2019-06-27 18:03:39
It should be noted that if you're in the lowest income bracket, you have 0% long term federal taxes. It makes sense to sell/buy at the end of the year to raise your coins' cost basis, so you pay less in capital gains the next time - you just need a state with 0% capital gains. You're essentially realizing some of your gains and voluntarily paying taxes (even though it's at 0%). The government doesn't mind you voluntarily paying more in taxes.
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:46:04
Appreciate the response. It was my understand that old nodes saw stuff like SegWit as "spendable by anyone", which means that as long as there was some sorta signature at all, it fulfilled the requirements of the old nodes. Only new nodes would check that signature for extra requirements to ensure the more strict rules were met before allowing it. The way this sounded was that new nodes wouldn't even see the transactions at all, like, couldn't even process them, but it now sounds similar to how SegWit works, where the transaction itself meets the basic requirements, but old nodes just can't verify the new requirements.
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:23:02
How do you calculate fork taxes due when new coins are "created" and "given" to you? Does that become income since they're "physically" separate from the base chain, or do you treat them as a stock split and split your basis based on their price ratios on the day of the split?
@_date: 2019-02-01 01:52:41
I may or may not be in a similar boat... The way I figure it, from all the Bitcoin stuff I've done over the years, from mining to trading to buying random crap, I'm overall net positive from the position I'd be in if I never got involved in Bitcoin to begin with. In my head, I'm no worse off if Bitcoin goes to 0, but if it bubbles way up and it represents 99% of my net worth (as it had in the past)... Neat. If it then all goes to zero, I'm still no worse off having not been involved at all.
Not saying it wouldn't suck to be able to realize some of them sweet gains... One of my biggest regrets is not buying a bunch of those Casscious coins when they were available. I was gonna drop $2-3k on a ~1000 BTC poker set of coins, didn't happen, sucks, but that's life. Do what you can with what you got, and try not to regret much, else you'll spend your entire life doing that.
OP, if you're comfortable with losing that 10% of your net worth (and you're young, so you'll easily make it back up), then don't fret. If it moons, you're set. If it tanks, you took a risk, which is more than most people are willing to do.
@_date: 2019-06-05 02:03:59
Always check the first 4-5 and the last 4-5... The middle is pretty much worthless, but certainly doesn't hurt to check.
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:57:11
Still not sure how you'd buy a $100k car suddenly out of the blue from someone person to person and have t not appear suspicious, especially considering you have to register it and document the sale somehow (obviously not in BTC). I already said the minor stuff under $1k is meaningless, as that shit happens all the time. I'm more interested in "moon" prices. I still say it becomes exceedingly difficult to make large purchases completely anonymously.
I'm not ignoring that fact, since we're discussing a hypothetical situation way off in the future at such a time that bitcoin' value becomes high enough to warrant banning it. If we get there off pre speculation and no adoption for regular use, that would surprise me. I imagine adoption (both as a speculative class and use) will continue to increase much like we've seen over the past couple years. I'm just projecting that growth out 10 years into the future.
@_date: 2019-02-04 22:04:56
Only if your ownership of the coins would incriminate yourself. If they're legal coins, its failure to turn over assets and would probably be seen as illegal. On the bright side, whenever you get out, you'll have plenty of millions to make up for it.
@_date: 2019-02-24 18:32:57
I didn't call it a "'necessary' easy representation", those are 2 different sentences about 2 different topics. I said "real goods necessary to survive", meaning the basic essentials - food, water, shelter. I don't think you'd find anyone that would say those aren't necessary. The second sentence was about comparing the BTC price to fiat being easier than an inflation adjusted chart (which would be more accurate).
I really don't understand the idea of trying to value BTC in BTC. An argument many like to make against fiat is that inflation kills its value over time. But if you want to say BTC gets its value from BTC, then so does USD. If you had 1 USD in 1950, you've still got exactly 1 USD today, and its value hasn't changed (according to your logic).
My argument is that's a bullshit comparison. 1 USD today doesn't have the same purchasing power (and my argument is: therefore value) as it did 60 years ago. The only way to appropriately compare the two values is in terms of inflation. What was the purchasing power in 1950, and either 1) what's the purchasing power of the same amount of money now? or 2) how much money now would be needed to give you the same purchasing power then?
Trying to make any other comparison makes no sense. Either 1 USD is 1 USD forever and holds the same value (and therefore why do we need Bitcoin?), or 1 USD does not always equal the value of 1 USD across time.
@_date: 2019-02-10 23:57:48
While true, most miners get involved themselves and I've never heard of building up a mining business to be sold to someone else, since there's not a lot stopping others from entering the market, and there isn't a whole lot of specialties that need to be built up (customer base is usually why a company is valuable). Bitcoin mining doesn't have this, and it doesn't take long to find a miner distributer and warehouse for hosting them.
I do believe I mentioned that operating miners is the safer bet since it pulls out a little bit of the price volatility with the stability of income. It's all about trade offs. Either way, spending $1000 on electricity for $800 worth of BTC is dumb, which is the overall point I've been trying to make.
@_date: 2019-02-10 23:52:17
I'll agree with the idea of building up a business to sell, though that's typically not what's done. Most do it just for themselves, and I'm operating under that assumption.
@_date: 2019-06-27 17:57:46
I'm the opposite. The X never leaves the house cuz it doesn't have an auto lock feature. Once you unlock it, anyone could steal it and sync it with their phone and spend from it. All they need to do is wait for you to plug in your pin...
@_date: 2019-02-01 19:44:18
If you go with "30 txs on the mainnet", which I assume is 30 tx/s, and assuming that each transaction fee is $1, that gives you an average of $18,000 per 10 minutes, or $432,000 per day. Currently, the 12.5 BTC reward is \~$44k and $1 million per day. If you double my initial assumed fee to $2, then you have the current payout/reward for the network as it currently stands (give or take).
I believe that as time goes on and more and more companies get involved in mining, we'll end up with incredibly efficient machines that'll eventually reach a point that you aren't getting much more efficient version to version. At that point, we may see the return of the DIY/enthusiast miner willing to run at a minor loss for the security of the network.
If not, I do believe that scaling will come eventually and this really wont be an issue. As the technology develops, more people will be grouped up together to contribute to single transactions, such that the fees are still minor for individual users.
One such example would be when banks get involved and they have to transfer individual's funds between each other.  If they charge the user $0.01 to make a transfer, they can batch thousands of customers together and settle on chain to the other bank, using each of their fees to create a single transaction on chain. Not everyone will be using the main chain, but when they do, it'll be along with many, many others simultaneously.
@_date: 2019-02-10 15:12:43
The idea is instead of spending $4000 in electricity mining for a month to mine 1 BTC, you should spend the $4000 to just buy 1.1 BTC. There are times when you'd make more money from outright buying BTC than buying electricity and converting it to BTC.
My only point is that in the above example, you can't continue to mine at a "loss" and claim you did all these amazing profits, because you're actively turning down 0.1 free BTC every month by paying for electricity rather than Bitcoin itself. Sure, you made a lot, you may even profit. But you also have to realize that you've lost potential profit by it just buying outright.
My comment was mainly to OP who (and pardon me if I'm wrong, but I've seen many do this), seems like he's going to continue to mine regardless of what happens to the network. If the difficulty goes way up, or price goes way down, he's going to continue to mine and try to justify it on the backend when BTC price does finally rise. I was pointing out that this doesn't make much sense when he could acquire more BTC by simply buying it, rather than mining. You'd be actively losing potential BTC every month if you continue to do that.
This doesn't take into account various other aspects of mining, such as having original coinbase payouts, etc, which may make it worth while to mine at a "loss" in order to have premium coins, and that's an argument that works, but not the point of this discussion.
@_date: 2019-02-01 20:04:06
Thanks for the reply with additional sources. I'll look into them.
Doing a quick scan, it looks like the IRS website only discusses those "frivolous submissions" that you linked to, which means that the IRS site isn't actually a lie (since as you said, you can't use these "frivolous submissions"), but it is an incomplete truth. I'll have to do some more digging, thanks!
@_date: 2019-06-20 05:59:32
Wouldn't it be more collectivism than socialism?
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:44:14
What the fuck? I'll be honest, I have no idea what you're on about.
Despite your high as hell nonsense, you did point out a slight mistake in my original post. I should have refrained from "have no choice" and should have instead said something like "most US residents would be willing to just 'destroy their keys' or turn over their BTC", specifically because law abiding citizens make up the majority of the population, and they, by definition, abide by the law (to a large degree - don't get all bullshitty nitpicky here).
@_date: 2019-06-04 04:45:19
Exchanges act as insurers to some degree. They are responsible for safeguarding the deposits, and you should be able to sue them to get your money back (probably USD value, not BTC). I'm sure there will be custodial wallets where they are fully insured (for a fee ofc).
Nothing of value is stored on a hardware wallet, so I doubt you'll win that battle... The hardware wallet lets you securely access your seed keys, but itself has nothing meaningful on it.
@_date: 2019-02-15 23:49:29
For most people, storing their backup (password protected) is probably good enough. Part of the protection you get from the decentralized nature of Bitcoin is that there's no central honey pot to go after. If you want to target an individual, you're not guaranteed to get anything from a cloud account, and if you do, you're not guaranteed to get their correct password, and if you do, you're not guaranteed to even get any Bitcoin depending on how much they own. Sure, it's probably better to encourage private/local storage of backups, but 99% of the users aren't going to bother with this, they'll just keep their Bitcoin in Chase. This, private key storage, is 1 step closer to appropriate key storage, and those who get burned will have to learn the hard way.
This is honestly better than what was before, and better than full custodial.
@_date: 2019-06-04 04:39:53
You are right, it should be "can't".
I would really like to know how you plan to buy your house off the black market, or your $60k car... Or anything of substantial value... Sure, $20-100 here and there is nothing. But if crypto is going to be banned from the US, it'll be worth a hell of a lot more before it really scares the government/Feds.
@_date: 2019-06-04 04:42:33
It seems you only have use cases for Bitcoin where a real fee market appears as a huge problem. My use cases don't see it that way. What ends up happening is you are forced out of the market. As more people get that way (and as others realize this), there is a push for increased optimizations to try to reinclude as many people as possible. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but look at the average size of BTC transactions to BCH transactions. The last post I saw about this showed that BCH had 10x the average transaction size... The fee market forced people to become more efficient. In the long run, this is better than just adding more block space now.
@_date: 2019-06-01 05:05:56
Edit: Ignore this shit. I was retarded at 3am, posting on Reddit instead of sleeping. The real math is 2048^8, not 8!, so I'm only massive orders of magnitudes incorrect. The idea of splitting your words is still usually a very bad one.
Guessing the 8 missing words only requires 8! attempts, which is just shy of 73k possibilities to guarantee 100% success. That can be done in a fraction of a second. It's almost always worse to split up your words in all cases. There are some legit reasons to do so, but you start compromising security or reliability when you do, and there are often much better alternatives.
@_date: 2019-06-03 20:19:00
Sure, and you've got a point, it is much harder to seize Bitcoin. However, if it's also made illegal to use, you have the choice of trading out your 10 BTC for $100k worth of Americoin, or pretending you don't have BTC. If you pretend you don't have any, then it becomes worthless in the US. You can buy anything with it, and if it ever gets discovered that you kept your Bitcoin instead of turning it over, you'll face repercussions. There are plenty of ways to do this.
I really don't understand why people insist on breaking the law with Bitcoin. It doesn't do you any good in the long run...
@_date: 2019-06-03 07:15:46
The ledger is the one I'd recommend, hands down, for anyone interested in crypto. It's cheap and works well enough that it's not too difficult to understand (everything is gonna have a learning curve). It's a bit of a pain to use for seed creation/restoration, but ideally you only do that a couple times in the lifetime of your device.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:38:31
Then prove where you got the 1 trillion to buy the Bitcoin? Oh, you can't? Then you lied on your official tax forms. Misdemeanor/felony as appropriate. Why do people insist on doing stupid illegal shit that is so easy to discover?
@_date: 2019-08-19 15:49:52
People don't seem to realize that many of the alt coins are used as test beds for Bitcoin development. IIRC, lightning was first implemented on Litecoin. There have been talks of implementing Bitcoin privacy features that are currently implemented and tested in a handful of the privacy coins. Alt coins serve a purpose, and the larger their market cap, the greater the incentive to find exploits and ensure the code is well tested. Bitcoin can leverage this to ensure quality code going forward.
@_date: 2019-08-24 19:58:01
Do you have some? If yes, you're among the &lt;1% of the world's population. (Not 1% of owners, but out of the population as a whole)
@_date: 2019-06-28 05:37:46
It's almost like people don't realize that the 1% pays for some 80% of the taxes, and yet they want to abolish the 1%...
@_date: 2019-02-24 18:39:20
Not quite true. Less mining means less security. Price/reward is irrelevant to absolute security. It does trickle down and affect security, as a lower price means less miners, therefore less mining, but it's not direct, and there are plenty of times in history that people have mined at a loss. But at the same time, a lower price means less reward for messing around with the blockchain process. Sure it could cause disruptions, but the total market affected would be lower than if the price were higher. As it becomes more popular, price follows, security follows.
@_date: 2019-06-07 06:48:54
Could nations also decide to not accept Bitcoin? If they did it, does crypto lose its censorship resistance? People could still accept it, but without accessible methods of conversion to local currency, it's kinda worthless no?
Physical dollars are censorship resistant, but digital ones are not.
@_date: 2019-06-03 23:03:58
This, as a comment to i7Robin, is why LN transactions are Bitcoin, just unsettled Bitcoin. Because you have the private key to sign the transaction, there is no difference between me sending you 1 BTC on LN or me sending you 1 BTC on-chain. You control the private key that allows you to send that 1 BTC somewhere else, and thus "own" the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:28:42
I came here to say this.
But I'll also add that Traditonal IRA (or 401K plans) further extend that. Aine I file married and contribute $11k to an IRA, if my income is $50k, that gives me $40k of federal tax free capital gains.
I monitor my income each year and on Dec 28th or so, I sell off a load and rebuy them right back to realize capita gains. I essentially raise the cost basis of my coins by that $40k each year. If I do this long enough, I'll be selling off coins at $100k each, without paying anything significant in taxes. You are on the hook for state taxes though, so you got to file a tax estimate payment.
@_date: 2019-06-02 22:33:21
Just FYI, blocking only the first portion of an address is not enough to stop anyone from finding the full address. Because everything is open and public, I could plug in those addresses and trace your history/connect your different addresses together. Even the transaction amounts (as shown above) provide enough information for me to pull your exact transaction from the blockchain.
@_date: 2019-06-05 14:21:40
And how have you reached this conclusion? I've seen nothing that would go against either company's intentions to do anything other than run a business (which means having a repeat, satisfied customers).
@_date: 2019-10-13 03:31:02
Yes, but it's not the same as "not paying taxes", you're paying 0%. Obviously it's the same amount, but you are still reporting it on your taxes, you just don't pay anything else. "Not paying taxes" like many here advocate for means not reporting it, even if you wouldn't have been liable for any monetary amount, and that's a situation that can get you into a lot of trouble.
As long as you're in the lowest bracket, which extends upwards of ~$70k married, you can redeem long term capital gains without federal taxes (but you are liable for state taxes). Contributions to a 401k or traditional IRA both extend your nontaxed capital gains too. Let's say you earn $30k per year (using your $40k number) and contribute $3k to a traditonal IRA, you can realize up to $13k in gains without paying a dime federally, just got to watch what the state takes.
What's really cool about this, is you can sell a bunch of BTC and rebuy it if you don't need the cash immediately. This lets you realize long term capital gains to raise the cost basis of your coins over years, completely federal tax free. If you bought a coin with a basis of $5k, you can raise that a little bit each year and end up with a coin that has a cost basis of $50k. When you go to sell it at a market price of $55k, you're only responsible for $5k in gains, not $50k.
@_date: 2019-06-12 13:13:43
Never said it wasn't useful, and I'm sure plenty of people will enjoy using it and get a lot of utility out of it. I'm just saying that this idea has been praised many times, while simultaneously calling out for better anonymity, and it seems like those opinions contrast one another. I'm not sure I want "John" associated with a specific address (or set of addresses), cuz if that information leaks, we're no better off than when Google gets hacked and customer data leaked.
If, instead, they're using a specific address as your login, then there's not (necessarily) any personal identifying information associated with that address. The address itself acts as your identity/identifying info, but they're not inventing anything at what point. We already have anonymous addresses within Bitcoin (anonymous in the sense that an address generated and used solely for 1 application but never for payments can retain significantly more anonymity than an address (or set of addresses) generated which interacts with the blockchain, 3rd parties, etc).
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:32:11
Why do you have to hope that your hardware wallet even turns on when you can just use the backup seed you made (which you should always do)? Using a hardware wallet without it being backed up (as a paper wallet) is literally regarded. Having a hardware wallet just lets you spend securely without having to jump through hoops. And if you're really paranoid, wipe the hardware wallet when you're done, so it's no longer an attack vector. There's literally no downside to it*.
@_date: 2019-02-11 01:44:48
The issue I see here is "grow and maintain the network". No one serious about mining is interested in growing the network, just their wallet size. The beautiful thing about Bitcoin is that you don't have to rely on altruistic individuals to maintain security. If large companies are looking to move into mining, it may be faster to purchase/acquire smaller companies, but I don't suspect any major players would have issue securing cheap electricity &amp; room in a datacenter (of which they probably have many). Best of luck to you though. Hopefully you have better luck than I did (used to have about 3-5% of the network hashrate back in the day, till it all got stolen).
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:43:37
I'll give you those, but thats really nit-picking... Under that model of assumptions, there is nothing you can trust, since you can't trust your subconscious, since you don't really know it, and you can't trust anyone else, and you can't trust... etc etc...
There don't need to be economic incentives to keep Bitcoin alive. As long as users are willing to run mining software and nodes, it'll live on, even if the majority of the network goes off onto something else (which you don't consider Bitcoin). Your version will always be alive, albiet in an injured/weak state.
Irreversibility of transactions doesn't require trust. They are non-reversible. However, your trust is in the statistical unlikeliness of a reorg. The transactions themselves are perfectly trustable, its the structuring of the chain that you have to worry about.
I'll agree on the code review. Thats why its best to run multiple implementations so you can monitor when they diverge and help protect yourself (stop making/taking transactions until uniform consensus is reached again). I have a feeling that as more and more parties become aware/interested in bitcoin, its development will slow and many magnitudes of additional eyes will be on the code base to ensure its secure. Once a bank has hundreds of millions of dollars invested in Bitcoin, it'll be in their best interest to pay a $50,000/year software engineer to look over the code before updating. And as more companies get more involved, thats all the more eyes on the software.
@_date: 2019-02-13 13:35:30
Oh sure, I'll give you that. No complaints here... Still doesn't make them $36m pizzas though. As I (and you now) have said, the opportunity cost was stupid high, because Bitcoin has the opposite of a normal TVM.
@_date: 2019-02-28 00:57:06
Adding additional technological burdens wel ahead of time is wasteful... Current quantum computers are only a handful of q-bits long, and they're not sustainable for very long. There are far more valuable encryptions to break than Bitcoin once the machines are capable. As that point draws near, the whole world will migrate to quantum resistant versions of encryption, but we're still a ways out.
All that said, talk and development on alternative methods is welcome, but asking when they'll be implemented is foolish this early in the game.
Also, quantum proofing future coins doesn't do anything for the 25% already lost... Anyone would be able to move those coins (who has a quantum computer), and locking the addresses via hard fork would be highly contentious.
@_date: 2019-02-04 00:21:28
I'll give you gold in electronics, but gold jewelry is only valuable because the value of gold is so high. It's actually a really terrible metal to use for jewelry, all things considered. If gold were super cheap, there wouldn't be anything fancy about a gold ring.
Gold, as far as you're aware, never lost 90% of its value because you weren't around 15,990 years ago. Bitcoin is barely 10 years old, of course there will be price hiccups and volatility, as I'm sure there was in the early days of gold.
Gold is partially deflationary, as long as you don't differentiate between actual gold and synthetic gold. We're getting better at making synthetic materials, and I suspect gold will be one we eventually start creating.
It's incredibly easy to fake. Just google "fake gold bar" and you'll see for yourself (ignore the obvious plastic/look-alikes, and concentrate more on the gold coated ones, etc). It happens quite regularly, because it's incredibly difficult to verify authenticity of gold, unlike Bitcoin.
I'll give you anonymous, as that is true, although you may find it hard for someone to do business with that'll take gold, due to it being too difficult to verify authenticity.
I'd say there isn't much that gold does that is great, other than its use within electronics. Bitcoin, on the other hand, has many uses, regardless of price.
@_date: 2019-10-14 05:12:04
Taxed on income at the time of the fork (or when you would reasonably be able to have control of the coins), and then you would claim 80% capital loss when you did finally sell.
@_date: 2019-02-17 01:59:35
Maybe I'm clueless in history, but I thought one of the issues with the Native Americans was that Europeans gained all kinds of wealth via gold by trading relative junk because the native Americans didn't value gold like the Europeans did?
@_date: 2019-06-22 05:18:39
I don't see a question mark anywhere... And trying to read through your ramblings, seems like you're only asking if you should care that you can spend BTC at a Starbucks or not...
To that question, it depends: if you don't mind selling BTC on an exchange, waiting however long for the money to hit your bank account and then buying that product, then no, it doesn't matter to you.
If, instead, you want a wider adoption of crypto across the world, with the ability to directly exchange it for goods/services without using middlemen (or having it treated like property when it's used as currency), then yes, it matters.
@_date: 2019-06-22 07:54:54
Wash sales apply on losses only, not gains.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:28:55
This is useless as OP's 24 words don't make a valid seed, and, therefore, have no paths to derive. OP needs a workin seed in order to see a zero balance, and then he can check different paths.
@_date: 2019-06-23 02:26:00
Pretty sure I saw what you're referring to, and it was $200k in BTC, not 200k coins.
@_date: 2019-02-13 22:44:57
Slightly misleading title... The article proposes that energy production companies just mine Bitcoin with the excess electricity they produce on a "we are producing too much electricity, so let's reduce that" basis. This technique would make the companies run more cost effective (effectively turning free/cheap electricity into alternative form of income than selling to the grid), but it doesn't make renewable energy production more efficient in any way.
Not really that neat/novel an idea... People have been suggesting this for years.
@_date: 2019-02-21 00:57:13
I agree with everything but your disagreement. If I'm making shoes for $100, and selling them for $105, that $5 profit is what's keeping me afloat. If I start accepting CC's and they want $3 per pair of shoes I sell, I'm now selling shoes that "cost" me $103 (to make &amp; sell). I'm going to adjust my prices accordingly. I'll start selling for $107. The whole fee isn't offset, but the customer is paying the markup. The greater volume i get in sales means I don't need to make it $108, but if sales don't pick up, then yes, it'll have to be $108/pair. At this point cash customers are my bread &amp; butter, giving me $8 profit per pair, while CC users are the new baseline.
I've seen stores that'll offer a minor discount for paying in cash, such as $1.00 off. The cash payer saves &amp;1, paying $106, and the store makes $1 less profit at $6, but that's still $1 more than their baseline, so it's a win-win for both customer &amp; seller. It only hurts the CCs from loss of transaction fee.
Edit: I've started seeing "convenience fees" being added to CC transactions, where you get charged a little extra for the privilege of using a CC instead of cash.
@_date: 2019-02-25 22:27:11
Buying from somewhere not in person links your coins to your info (your name/address). I'll give you that you could go places in person to purchase stuff, but you'll have to be careful here. If my wife had an address that she conveniently lost the keys to, I'd be doing everything I could to trace every single one of those coins. All you need is to find where 1 coin went to an exchange address, subpeona the exchange for client information, giving you the name of a payment processor, get their client information, giving you "Walmart" for instance, then figure out what transaction was paid using those coins, then look on the cameras for what time it occurred at. It'd be a lengthy process, but in the end you could sue for what you didn't get and press charges for them lying on official federal documents (and filing false police reports from the loss, etc). There'd be hell to pay for getting caught... Gotta be sneaky!
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:23:13
Came here to ask this. Thanks kind sir!
@_date: 2019-02-01 14:25:45
If you think fractional reserve is going away just because we shift to Bitcoin as the primary method of fund management, you're pretty naive. The vast majority of individuals (mass adopters &amp; late adopters) won't want to store their own Bitcoin, and the banks will work to push the narrative that it's hard to store and that your Bitcoin are safe in a bank. Eventually you'll have interest earning accounts and be incentivized to deposit Bitcoin into a bank. Those who don't will slowly lose their value to the artificial inflation created by banks. This'll continue until it pops, but instead of affecting a single country, the entire world will be affected.
The masses are stupid, and they'll play directly into the hands of the bankers.
@_date: 2019-06-28 05:38:59
That's exactly how capital gains taxes work. If you never spend, then you never pay taxes, but at that point, it's just about worthless to you. (There are ways around that, like using it as collateral for a loan, which sorta let's you realize their gains without paying taxes on those gains)
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:39:24
Suppose they outlawed soda, and only allowed water, which makes a bit more sense from a legal perspective, then yes, I'd complain, and it'd probably be overstepping bounds at that point, but I would remain a law abiding citizen to the best of my ability. Not all laws passed would, or should, just go peacefully over people. The larger the number of people affected, the harder to get support for it. Bitcoin is very much the small minority, and most people won't care what happens because they aren't involved. As Bitcoin continues to grow, more and more people get involved, which makes it that much harder to create laws for. Imagine if senators and congressmen start Bitcoin businesses. They won't be voting for harsh laws that would run them out of business. Widespread adoptance is what we need to assist in the legal battles facing Bitcoin in the years ahead. That's all I was pointing out.
I'm glad you're solid on your stance for this. Too many people would waiver and turn belly up at the slightest nudge from an ever increasingly tyrannical government. That said, unless a large faction of individuals also stand their ground, what ultimately happens is you end up in jail and life goes on.
My comment regarding "high as hell" was in reference to your "oh wait oops, orange man bad orange man bad" nonsense. I'd like to have an intelligent discussion with you (or at least an intelligible exchange of ideas), not be "yelled" at by a 2-year old spouting off a meme their older brother made tiresome through repitition. There's no reason for that bullshit. The logical presentation of your ideas does more for your argument than even being right does. You could be dead wrong, but you'll come across as just a misinformed gentleman, or you could be completely right and come across as a retard. Presentation is key.
Im seeing character attacks here, for no real reason. You spouted off nonsense to a (perhaps misinformed, but certainly fairly presented) argument that I made in support of BTC not getting regulated. I'm making the claim that at this point in time, I don't believe Bitcoin could survive a concentrated attack by the governments to outright ban it. I highly doubt they would, but letting this bill pass could set prescidence for other states to do the same. That's dangerous. No doubt about that. I'm certainly no snowflake, but I'm awake that the masses are law abiding citizens who may have briefly heard about Bitcoin from that one guy who's obsessed with it. They don't give a shit if it gets banned. Life goes on for them. My argument is that it's totally possible for this to happen because it's not big enough yet. Given another several years of the growth we've seen recently, and it'll have integration everywhere. It'll become exceedingly difficult to pass a bill banning personal ownership of bitcoins, especially if we continue to educate the public on "'or your keys, not your coins". Only when we have a significant number of people involved will the threat of complete tyrannical regulation slowly go away... Until then, we must be vigilant, by sharing the news as these guys have done here, and making our voices heard.
I'm really not sure where you interpreted any of what I said to support the stripping of rights, including personal ownership. Please let me know what tripped you up so I can be more conscious of it in the future. I also don't believe I labeled you or anything, but if I did, I apologize. I was genuinely confused by your post and thought you were spouting nonsense. I guess it would have made more sense if I were a liberal snowflake, as you've so kindly labeled me...
@_date: 2019-02-10 03:35:05
You can't compare future prices to current mining. You can't mine a $100 BTC for $200 and hold onto it until it's $1000 and claim $800 profit... You still have the $200 opportunity cost, which would have netted you $2000, so your overall gain/loss is -$1000. You would have been better off buying $200 worth of BTC than paying for hardware/electricity to only get $100 worth.
Either way, he's still better off than having done nothing, but hardware is the more conservative bet if you think the price will go sideways for a while. If you think it's going to the moon, straight up buying the BTC is the better bet. It's all a super complicated numbers game, which is why I stopped several years ago...
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:59:20
They may not have white papers since they *are* Bitcoin. They just operate under a slightly different ruleset, but most of the white paper still applies in its exact form. Changing minor details doesn't necessarily require a major overhaul of the white paper. For instance, when the blocksize limit was created, the original white paper wasn't reissued to indicate this. The size limit was just added as a software implementation.
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:14:38
I don't know who you're arguing with, cuz it's not me. I only said that when you spend your BTC, it's taxable... You provided an exception of inheritance, but I'd argue that unless you sold all your inherited BTC (at which point you aren't keeping the BTC, therefore it's not yours - you're essentially taking the cash value of the BTC), it then becomes yours, and as you've just admitted, you pay taxes on it when you spend it. I never said how many taxes, I just said you pay taxes, which is true.
Also, no need for character attacks. Really doesn't help your argument.
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:34:07
So the unprofitable miners stop mining, difficulty decreases, and life goes on like nothing happened. Nothing changes. If no one wants to pay the fees and the price of the fees isn't supporting the miners, then there will be less miners. Fewer miners means more profit for those that remain.
@_date: 2019-06-07 06:56:49
Stored mine on encrypted paper wallets I printed off my computer using a password I was petty sure I was going to remember, but honestly, gun to my head, couldn't tell you what it was. I eventually sweeper them into my hardware wallet, but had indeed forgotten the password and had to go through several iterations before I figured it out. Thankfully I printed off extra paper wallets that were empty so I could try decrypting their private keys first without risking funds until I figured out my password. To sweep them, I used Tails, offline, to import the keys into Electrum, then connect &amp; send to HW within 15 seconds of connecting. I then used my desktop to claim by BCH &amp; BTG after the BTC transaction cleared.
@_date: 2019-06-30 01:02:49
I have the Model T, 3-4 Nano S and an X. Of all 3, the S is my go to. Even though the Model T may be "nicer", I never use it because of how it operates (specifically dealing with passphrases). The S has been the perfect fit for me for everything, and the only downside I see is the fact you have to load the different coin apps to use several different coins. (Inputting keys is pretty bad, but so is the Trezor One - Model T wins this hands down) I'm just curious what other use cases causes the S to have problems that other wallets solve...
@_date: 2019-06-25 00:32:18
The article says that you're a 1%er out of the entire earth, including those who aren't even in the game, not that you're a 1%er crypto holder.
This is like saying that a score of 1 in Snake makes you a 1% top player, assuming that the 7+ billion people who haven't even heard of the game all have a score of 0. They aren't even competing... They don't count. No one can guarantee that the entire world's population will participate in Bitcoin, so it's a useless metric...
@_date: 2019-06-25 06:27:11
Right, and they're retarded. So call them out.
@_date: 2019-02-25 03:41:09
If someone is really out to get you, there's nothing you can do. Do what you can to prevent crimes of opportunity, but just about anything over that is a waste of resources vs security gained. If a hitman is legit targeting you, you're either going to give up your coins, or everyone you know &amp; love (and maybe yourself) will be killed. Can't stop someone determined.
@_date: 2019-02-22 04:22:34
If you're using a custodial wallet, they aren't your Bitcoin to lose, else you'd have the keys. If you had the keys, then nothing's lost. Therefore, in either situation, you've lost nothing.
@_date: 2019-06-10 23:10:47
Pricing goods is also all relative. The only reason you pay $5 for a burger is because the company pays $4 for labor &amp; supplies, who, in turn, pay $3 for their labor &amp; supplies, etc etc. if it were BTC, the same would hold through. Each company adds a markup to make a profit for whatever good/service hey supply, as long as someone is willing to pay what they're asking. That all said, Bitcoin is still highly volatile as you said, which reduces with maturity. We'll get to where it makes sense eventually.
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:51:40
Use it, and claim the capital loss to offset other capital gains, if you have any. You'll have to wait 30 days to buy back in to avoid a wash sale (or the hassle of not knowing if wash sales will apply or not depending on what tickles the IRS's fancy). Other than that, sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride where ever it goes.
As far as OP is concerned, the price is what you agree to and then your good is priced in BTC. Whatever happens in the meantime, who cares. If you bought a $50 game for $50 worth of Bitcoin, you spent $50 of value. Just because you lost out on potential future value (if the price doubles) doesn't mean you got cheated. If you thought this way, you should be eating nothing but ramen and sticking all the money you would have spent on normal food into an interest earning account, because spending it on food is obviously cheating you out of potential future profits... As an example, I budget $100 per month for eating out, but if I didn't eat out ever (because it's really not required) over 10 years, I'd have an extra $12,000 in my account (not including interest earned). That's literally a car's worth of lost opportunity. To make the analogy fit a little more, instead of spending that $100 on eating out, buy BTC with it, and then you'll have some BTC with a $12,000 cost basis at the end, which may have a value above or below your cost basis. Point is, it set you back $12,000, regardless of what it's currently priced at.
Generally, pick a price and go with it. If I'm selling a motorcycle, I'll sell it for 1.2 BTC... Whatever that happens to be in USD is irrelevant, because it gets me pretty close to what value I placed on the bike.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:46:53
That varies wildly from person to person, and has little to do with crypto (other than being a means to an end). Some people would up and quit their job if they had just $1m. They need so little and nothing of any significant value, that's all they'd need for 60+ years.
I'd prefer something closer to the $5-10m, personally. Even then though, I doubt I'd just sit back and cash it all in. I'd probably find a job I cared about more than just for the money, but I don't know I'd ever feel like I just "made it". For crypto pricing, hitting mcafee's dick like would be a good start. Why stop there though?
@_date: 2019-06-03 12:46:51
Blockbuster wasn't a multi billion dollar industry... Some banks may go out of business, but Netflix is a video delivery service, just as blockbuster is, and I'd say it's bigger than ever.
@_date: 2019-02-27 21:47:11
Except you can't write off capital losses on cars, but you can on crypto.
@_date: 2019-06-30 00:59:25
Currency itself isn't... But it's value is.
@_date: 2019-02-25 18:25:43
Until the coins move or you try to use them. Sure, you can wash $10-20k through various means, but if the price explodes and you have $100-200k, good luck getting to use that without it being linked to your name.
@_date: 2019-06-22 05:10:36
Plastic sealing &amp; hologram stickers are pure bullshit security theater. They're stupidly easy to take/tamper with and only give consumers the warm fuzzy feeling of safety.
If I bought from a 3rd party, I'd generate a dozen wallets while wiping the device in between to ensure the wallets were different each time (after doing the normal initialization for the device of course). If the wallets were all different, then I'd stick $20-50 on a wallet without a passphrase and wait a week, see if anything happens to it. If not, nothing else probably will, so I'd generate an entirely new wallet and attach a passphrase to it. Send all your coins to that passphrase'd wallet (and or create multiple passphrases).
@_date: 2019-06-12 05:19:49
Just FYI: they changed it so you can input seed words on the Trezor One itself, but it's an "advanced" feature and not the default. It's a decent workaround, but still annoying.
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:45:25
Well ofcourse...
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:16:51
If you have 100+ coins to sell, maybe? OTC usually starts with $100k absolute minimum, but I've seen it as low as $1 million minimum. It's not for every day users...
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:55:09
My issue with this is that income is taxed at (usually) a much higher rate than capital gains. It seems like you're getting to cheat the system by agreeing to pay capital gains rather than income for the fork. Imagine selling off the coins the moment the fork happens. If you end up with $5,000, you're saying you get to choose if it's taxed as income at 25%, or taxed as capital gains at 15% (or zero if you contribute to an IRA)? Would that apply to any crypto you receive, or explicitly from forks?
My issue with the lack of taxable event if you don't want it is that there have been court cases of money found in a piano being taxable, or free books a school received but rejected as taxable. In the later case, the publisher literally dropped off a box of books, the teacher said "no thanks" and ignored them, and he (or the school, not sure), was held liable for taxes on the value of that "income". Do forks specially get around this by being derivatives of an existing asset, or...?
@_date: 2019-06-08 03:40:58
Phone - iOS on chrome.
@_date: 2019-02-24 16:17:08
I'd argue against this. The real value of Bitcoin comes from its purchasing power of real goods necessary to survive. I think a direct conversion to fiat is easy (and why it's used), but a better comparison to get its value would be how much BTC it costs to purchase those inflation monitoring indexes. Basically it's the sum of housing costs, grocery items, gas, etc all in a basket that you pay $X for (not sure 100% on what's all included, this is just an example). Over time, you'll need to pay $X+$Y due to inflation. The value of bitcoin is how much is required to buy that $X+$Y basket each day/month/year, which is representative of its purchasing power.
Sure, 1 BTC will always eaqual 1 BTC, but 1 USD is also always worth 1 USD, but its purchasing power has been eroded. That's the real metric of value.
@_date: 2019-06-29 05:37:17
Historically, I don't believe it's ever crashed below he previous ATH once it sets a new one... Not that history predicts the future, but...
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:42:14
I'll agree with all of these but  Sucks that local businesses can't offer discounts for methods of payment that don't cost them as much. I've see it all over the place here where you get 5-6 cents per gallon of gas if you pay in cash... Without that ability, cash payers are just extra profit for the store, because they aren't eating the fees, they're passing them onto all customers... No customers suffer, the store just makes more money from cash payments.
@_date: 2019-06-12 05:23:14
Why do people cheer for an "identity tool" from a big tech company while simultaneously calling out for anonymity? You have one or the other, and I'd prefer anonymity.
@_date: 2019-10-14 05:54:03
Nothing to report. Only forks, sales or trades are reportable (ignoring this new question, since you did receive crypto).
@_date: 2019-02-01 19:57:00
1) I absolutely agree... but if I wanted to send you BTC, wheres the 3rd party there? I didn't say 3rd parties shouldn't exist, just that, in order to use bitcoin, you don't need 3rd parties. Want to pay your taxes in BTC? You'll need a 3rd party, but not being able to pay your taxes in BTC doesn't mean you aren't able to use bitcoin. Currently, the only non-3rd party (or least 3rd party if you will) way to use USD is via cash. Want to pay your taxes with cash? Well, you can't - you have to use a check or checking account, and that requires a 3rd party. But you can still use USD without a 3rd party at the lemonaid stand down the street.
2) OP technically never said the price appreciates, and the only reference to appreciating was the heading "Appreciating Value". I'll give you that he talks mostly about price, but the "value" of bitcoin isn't its price, but its capability. I really dislike those who think its only valuable because of its price - not necessarily saying OP or you are, just in general. I find that bitcoin has its own value as the immutable public ledger, which will only appreciate (once full distribution happens) due to losses and burns. We're approaching this from 2 different angles and I believe we're both correct from our own angles.
3) I'll agree with you on this. As would Andreas, as he's said countless times: (paraphrasing) If you dont see value in bitcoin, then its not for you, move on. As it stands, I'd prefer to use VISA when buying stuff online because of the protections offered that you dont have with bitcoin. However, if we end up in a hyperinflation situation, I'd be buying up BTC as quickly as I could. Its all about what you need, and to be honest, a lot of the 1st world countries dont \*need\* bitcoin. They'll be the late adopters, and thats fine. I don't see adoption slowing down for quite some time, and LN is just being setup so that its ready when the time comes.
As for your last point, we've got quite differing opinions on it, and only time will tell whos correct. I'm not of the "btc will take over the world" party, but I do believe it'll be similar to how MasterCard is accepted. Every merchant? No, probably not. But a significant number of them? Quite possibly. I certainly see it dominating markets like craigslist or private sales, or anything that requires quite a significant sum of money, since all existing systems take ages to handle those. We'll have to see how far it goes to augmenting (not supplanting) VISA and the likes.
@_date: 2019-06-15 05:24:36
The problem is we can't "flip" them to a desired orientation, only read their "flip" (or spin rather). It's great for encryption, as there's nothing to intercept the encryption scheme between the entangled particles, but the actual information needs to be relayed via some light speed means, which can then be decrypted with entangled encryption technology.
@_date: 2019-02-21 00:47:41
And it may, but that won't stop taxes. Your employer will have to report your wages, and you'll get taxed on that. Sales taxes will still be collected on every purchase you make. Effectively, the only tax you could avoid would be capital gains, but that would probably go away/transition to something else if Bitcoin was used as frequently as USD. Sure you could do private peer to peer transactions, just like everyone on Craigslist. You're supposed to report that, but if it's just a couple hundred $ worth, meh. Crypto won't change that. You try to drop 10 BTC to buy a house, and you'll have to prove where it came from. If you can't? You got it as income at some point, and you'll be taxed on it.
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:35:40
Induction charging built into the garage solves this.
@_date: 2019-06-16 05:28:06
Not necessarily true. The money can be reversed. Wether or not it is, is dependent on a number of factors, but it's technically possible.
@_date: 2019-06-03 05:13:01
Just for FYI sake. Let's suppose a quantum computer did exist that was 10 trillion times faster than the entire network combined. That machine would mine the remaining blocks until the difficulty retarget block (which happens approximately every 2 weeks, but it's actually by a specific block count). At which point (1 second after turning on the machine), the network would retarget difficulty and it would take that 1 machine ~8-10 minutes, on average, to find another block. It's impossible to mine the remainder of the Bitcoin block rewards in any significant time before 2140...
Edit: typos &amp; autocorrect fixes.
@_date: 2019-06-08 22:56:48
Note the OP said hash rate, not difficulty. Difficulty would still be sky high into the next adjustment period, which could take weeks or months, depending on where we're at when the 90% hash rate fell off... That would be a terrible time to mine, although fees would be sky high, so maybe that would be enough incentive...
@_date: 2019-02-11 11:40:06
Huh, first I've heard of that. I'll have to look into it.
@_date: 2019-06-11 05:03:49
Can confirm. Do trade stonks.
@_date: 2019-08-05 15:50:51
At that point, why not be one in a million?
@_date: 2019-08-20 05:21:04
We'll see. Really depends on what kind of upgrades we can get added to the protocol. It doesn't take many privacy features to greatly disrupt chain analysis. The harder analysts push, the harder developers will focus on privacy. Right now we're kinda in a limbo where we're gradually working towards privacy features, but there's not a general sense of emergency about it. All it takes is a country or branch of a government stepping over their bounds for the community to get riled up. I, personally, wish this would happen sooner rather than later. The better features we get now, the more pronounced their effect later.
@_date: 2019-02-21 01:02:29
With the number of times that that sub mentions being the real Bitcoin, I'm not surprised tbh.
@_date: 2019-06-25 00:22:52
You can tell Electrum which data source to use for pricing information. You should set yours to the exchange you prefer so you always have an accurate price.
@_date: 2019-06-16 05:31:49
Love the X and S, but I wouldn't use the X outside my house. Once the X is unlocked it never prompts for PIN when pairing to another device. If I meet you and you send money from your X, I can snatch it and run, then pair my phone with it and send freely from it. It'll never lock as long as I push a menu button periodically and don't plug it in. You've just been robbed.
Other than that glaring issue, it's pretty awesome!
I'd take the S over the X at this point. Maybe I'll switch my opinion in the future if they fix that vulnerability, but the price of the X is hard to justify. The S is amazing for way too cheap to pass up.
@_date: 2019-02-23 06:46:02
Are you starting a business or just trying to send BTC to someone in their local currency? There's a big difference between the two.
If you're starting a business, you'll need a business lawyer who knows the laws that need to be followed.
If you're just sending BTC, you don't need shit. Get the recipient's Bitcoin address and click send. They'll need to open an account with an exchange or peer to peer market to sell their coins for their local currency.
@_date: 2019-06-10 21:16:09
See if bitaddress (.org) can understand it. You can just pull it up online to see if it's a supported format, then get an offline copy to see if it can conver it to something usable from there.
@_date: 2019-02-24 22:58:26
I know what you're trying to say, but you're still saying 1 BTC is 1 BTC, but 1 USD is not 1 USD... Why not price our those indexes in the amount of BTC required to purchase 1 share? That way you're not comparing BTC to fiat, but to the actual value that you can get for your BTC for purchasing essentials...
My only point was that, while not accurate, measuring BTC in fiat provides a rough, immediate purchasing power assessment to the user. It's not accurate, but it's close enough. If BTC is $40, I know I can get enough pizza to feed my family for a night and have some leftovers. A more accurate would be how many BTC are required for a day's worth of food, water &amp; shelter, or a month's worth, or whatever metric they measure inflation with. This directly converts the BTC into goods necessary to sustain life, skipping fiat all together. Its value changes, and using this method, you can track its value (purchasing power).
@_date: 2019-02-18 18:48:39
Most people, including John Doe, don't have a problem plastering their identity all over the Internet. Why do you think it's so easy to dox people? Everyone has Facebook, everyone has Twitter, etc etc. Basically no one cares who has their information, for the majority of people in the US. Those that do will have to jump through more hoops, or become late adopters. The vast majority that don't care will still buy bitcoin if that's what they want.
@_date: 2019-06-29 03:01:10
Not necessarily true. If Satoshi mined to randomly generated addresses that never had private keys created for them, then the real Satoshi wouldn't be able to sign. The inability to sign doesn't mean he isn't Satoshi, it just means he doesn't have the keys. In this scenario, there is no definitive way to prove one or the other, just ways to support arguments for one or the other.
@_date: 2019-06-28 05:24:17
Capital gains anytime you exchange crypto for anything, we're that's fiat, goods from a buyer on purse, or another crypto. The IRS treats it like you sold your crypto for cash, then paid cash for that 2nd asset.
@_date: 2019-02-14 18:42:48
Yes. A centralized "blockchain" carries none of the benefits of a blockchain (immutable, distributed, secure, etc) and is just an inefficient database...
@_date: 2019-06-11 04:34:04
It is if every American has to track and record the capital gains of every $1 can of Coke they buy. Myself, and many many others, avoid using crypto cuz of the ass pain of the tax system. Remove that (or change how it operates), and I can spend &amp; replace, or straight up spend.
@_date: 2019-02-04 21:57:04
This comment makes no sense... Why isn't Bitcoin trustless? Who do you trust to know the blockchain transactions are correct?
@_date: 2019-02-13 04:25:11
Oh man, just the most.
@_date: 2019-02-22 02:27:55
Hmmm... And the fractional reserve lending begins? I guess they'd have to work behind the scenes with an exchange if that were the case, but either way, it's a bit sketch...
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:53:00
Robinhood doesnt trade bitcoin at all. They trade pieces of paper that have the same value as bitcoin, but are otherwise wholly unconnected to bitcoin.
For all custodial solutions, internal databases are infinitely more efficient than the blockchain, so theyll manage the funds internally rather than on chain. Robinhood does neither since its doesnt do anything with bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-19 23:01:36
Yeah. I really hate that people try to push this as a huge selling point for Bitcoin because it's not true... Fees are the cost that you pay for all of the real benefits of crypto. Centralized, digital payments are free and instant, and anytime they aren't, it's by design. Bank transfers don't need to take a week, but they do by design (and they sip a cool $25 per wire transfer too).
@_date: 2019-02-23 04:42:43
You'd want more than just equivalent value lost for the buyer, else he's no worse off by participating. The buyer pays 1.1 BTC, the seller pays 0.1 BTC. They both get back 0.1btc if the trade goes well. If the buyer refuses, he's out the 0.1 BTC, which is his incentive to participate. The seller is incentivized to make it right by the 0.1btc refund he's risking. If it costs him more than 0.1 BTC to make amends with the customer, then he'll let the coins burn. This is the system used for the decentralized exchanges to encourage max participation.
@_date: 2019-02-21 13:17:58
I didn't ask for detailed information... I'm just wondering how you plan to avoid income tax, or sales tax? Can it be done? Sure, there are plenty of illegal immigrants that can't get normal employment because of their status and tax issues. Is that going to net you a decent paying job? Meh. As far as sales tax, that's pretty much unavoidable, unless you want to buy groceries from Craigslist, although I haven't seen any food items listed there from what I recall.
Where the hell did you get that I "can't immediately see that it's wrong" from? I think that a government takeover would be bad and well overstepping the purpose of a government. There's no need for a large (and ever increasing) number of things the government already does.
Are you one of those "the whole world is out to get me" kinda guys? Always have to watch your back? I was just asking for some plausible ideas to be tossed around to support your position rather than spouting off nonsense. It would make you seem a little less paranoid, and even if we don't agree on the arguments, I'd at least be able to know you thought about it and weren't a complete nut job.
@_date: 2019-02-24 18:41:40
Didn't the Euro lose a lot of value cuz of brexit? That's trillions in value we're talking about... 10% of Bitcoin is pocket change compared to full economies. As the market gets larger, the price gets more stable, since throwing around 100m in a 1t bucket is nothing, but in a 1b bucket, that's significant. We'll get there eventually. For now it's still a fringe, speculative investment.
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:30:40
Never said "true anonymity", just anonymity within the context of the blockchain, which we all know is pseudo anonymous. Point is, I don't want anything identifying linking me to he blockchain stored anywhere.
@_date: 2019-06-23 01:18:09
What worries you?
@_date: 2019-02-26 23:45:47
If a legacy node can't see it, doesn't that make it a hard fork?
@_date: 2019-02-22 23:59:35
This. You've got $600 in unrealized losses, but they're still losses. Your net worth is $600 lower than it was when you bought. Don't fool yourself...
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:11:50
Wait, wut?
I don't think you understood what I said... I said nothing about McDonald's paying for cows. I said that they'd calculate how much a party costs (from an appropriate supplier), and how much a bun costs, and how much mustard &amp; catchup costs. Once they total that all up, they'll realize it's X satoshis. They also know it takes an employee so long to make a burger, which is Y. So, they'll sell their burgers for X+Y+Z satoshis so they can make a profit (Z being the profit). It doesn't matter if X, Y &amp; Z are denominated in USD (which is a piece of paper or virtual digits in an account) or BTC (digital, finite proof of ownership). It's still some amount X, Y and Z. If McDonald's Z is bigger than Wendy's, then people will shop at Wendy's instead, for in mcdonalda to lower their Z to compete. Again, it doesn't matter what units we're taking about. The market sets the price.
If, instead, you're making the claim that "no one is going to accept Bitcoin", then you've completely miss OP's premise, which is that it is assumed to be the only currency in existence. I assume you're not making this claim, since it shows you fundamentally misunderstand this entire discussion.
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:46:28
In the past 18 months, you've had to have heard "not your keys, not your coins". Best of luck in recovery, but you should assume the worst...
@_date: 2019-06-03 06:59:45
The tax model will have to change in order for it to be adopted and used as currency by everyone, but they'll still find a way to tax it.
Also, FIFO, cost averaging &amp; FILO are all strategies you can use for tracking buys/sales... You're able to pick one, but should keep it consistent once you start.
@_date: 2019-06-25 00:18:18
Bitcoin Core is the reference client for Bitcoin. That's like calling BCH Bitcoin ABC... It's retarded and inaccurate.
@_date: 2019-06-18 03:36:05
It's also definitely NOT a wash sale, as the definition of wash sale is to realize *losses*. I'm voluntarily realizing *gains* which means I'm willingly paying more taxes than I would otherwise have to (so I save more in the future).
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:46:06
It is true for the old addresses, which has certain implications. First, once we end up with quantum computers with enough q-bits to perform the algorithm (which is still a ways off), the vulnerable addresses will act as a quantum computer research/race to further push the technology, just as bitcoin as a whole is pushing energy efficiency research. Secondly, as was already said, long before it becomes possible, modifications to quantum-proof the chains will come.
The most interesting is the first, as once someone starts getting close, that billions of available BTC will become a honeypot for an extra concentrated push in development, essentially rewarding those who further the technology.
@_date: 2019-06-28 05:36:03
Let's say you bought 1 BTC for $10k, the price doubles and you sell 0.5btc for $10k. The government is going to look at it this way:
You sold 0.5 BTC for $10k, but only paid $5k for it. Therefore, you made $5k in capital gains. If you sold the Bitcoin within a year of buying, it's short term capital gains, taxed at income levels, else it's long term, taxed at much lower levels.
While you and I may think that the remaining 0.5 BTC represents your gains (it's what's left over from you getting out what you invested), the tax man doesn't consider it that way. You are taxed on every satoshi bought/sold.
@_date: 2019-06-05 01:54:10
The Trezor One is $78, and I'd argue that it's actually worse than the Ledger. It's really all personal preference, but the Nano S is still cheaper, does everything you need it to, and can fully operate with any software that supports hardware wallets (once initialized), unlike the Trezor (referring to the Model T, as I skipped the One - adding a passphrase requires Trezor's software).
@_date: 2019-06-27 17:55:37
Or stamp it into steel, then it's pretty much destruction proof...
@_date: 2019-02-13 12:38:03
So you'd recommend using the Bitcoin blockchain, over a corporate blockchain... Because corporate blockchains would be weak by their design. If a company needed a blockchain, sure, but this only goes to reinforce my point that corporate blockchains would be stupid.
@_date: 2019-02-20 04:17:59
I'd also like an answer to this... Bitcoin changes nothing. You'll still be taxed on income, taxed on sales, taxed on gains,... nothing changes. If you so choose to hide your money and choose not to pay your taxes, good luck with that. The government will find a way.
@_date: 2019-06-05 02:01:31
Technologically speaking, we're already there. Lightning enables instant &amp; cheap payments, with the occasional need for on-chain transactions for a variety of reasons.
Bitcoin isn't ever going to be able to handle the entire capacity of the entire world over night. Go use BCH if you want that, since they're trying to scale to billions of users while there are only thousands that use it daily. That's retarded. You don't scale for 20 years down the road when you can do it dynamically. You scale for 2-3 "weeks" away, constantly rescaling as those weeks approach.
Setting up global scaling now would be similar to spending $10k on a computer today using the best processors and everything. Your thought is you're future proofing yourself, only to realize that in 5 years, you can have double the processing power for $5k. Optimize for the coming "weeks" first, and as years roll by, you'll expand as necessary.
@_date: 2019-02-13 04:24:53
I've done this. I purchased one of my motorcycles for 2 BTC, right before the run up to $20k. I didn't pay $40k for that motorcycle, I paid $6k, and lost out on the opportunity cost of $34k. Had I of repurchased the 2 BTC, I wouldn't have lost out on anything. Losin out on $34k worth of opportunity cost doesn't magically make my motorcycle a $40k motorcycle, it just means it was a "bad investment".
If you buy a $50k car, brand new, drive it off the lot and (let's pretend this exaggeration isn't absurd) drove it around for 5 years, after which it was only worth $10k. You wouldn't say that your car is (now) worth $50k, nor would you say that the car you bought was only worth $10k. You bought a $50k car and now have a $10k car. You can't pick different events/times and make any meaningful comparison, that's just absurd.
Edit: The way this should be phrased is "Oh man, that transaction has a current opportunity cost of $3.6m" indicating that the $3.6m is what he could have had now instead of buying the $20 pizza then.
@_date: 2019-06-24 11:38:41
Not a chance. Addresses are public. If I could derive the private keys from a public address, then it's game over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-22 07:58:52
It's (usually) a legally binding agreement, but that's why earnest fees are collected in case one party backs out or something. If you want to buy $100k worth of BTC, you and me both put up $2k in earnest money, draft a contract and execute it. Once executed, we both get our earnest money back. If I bail on you because the market shifted, you get to keep my $2k earnest money as compensation for breach of contract.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:42:00
Best you can do is look at a current address and keep clicking on the inputs until you find a coinbase transaction recenrly(ish) or you find a really old one from 2010. It's tedious, but can be done.
I only had my ending accounts, and had to trace back through every transaction I ever made to determine what was mine, what wasn't, what was income and what was a sale, etc... Took me several hours a day for a couple weeks to go through all 300ish associated addresses and the 2k+ transactions, but I eventually ran into addresses that went nowhere (coins sitting in addresses I knew I didn't own) or they came from the coinbase.
@_date: 2019-02-25 13:52:29
What about guns? If you're being targeted, you're gonna be grabbed when you're most vulnerable. Guns are great deterrents for in-the-moment crimes, but won't do much for anyone serious...
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:33:15
Like the milliseconds it takes for lightning?
@_date: 2019-02-23 22:09:26
Yeah, no... Your net value/purchasing power has increased. Just because they're unrealized gains/losses, doesn't make them gains/losses. Selling has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2019-02-11 02:55:04
NoK NoC (knock knock), super shortened for NOt your Keys, NOt your Coins. Would be interesting for something this short &amp; sweet to catch on, just as hodl has. Would help spread awareness of not keeping coins in custodial hands.
@_date: 2019-02-23 00:08:24
Just because someone supports a different fork doesn't mean they're not a Bitcoin supporter. The fact that they still do transactions with BTC means they support BTC (to some extent). Believing in a specific direction that the protocol should take is not an evil ideology, and in fact, having the thought that anyone who proposes or supports any unpopular change is evil, is itself an evil ideology. Let supporters of all forks propose ideas and present their arguments. If they're good arguments, they'll win out. If they're bad arguments, they'll lose. There's no need for censorship or radical labeling. The protocol was tested, and the majority went a different direction. I don't agree with the directions BCH, BTG, BSV, etc have all gone, but I'm glad they have. They branch out, provide new ideas, and die out if they aren't good ideas. Meanwhile, it's an "attack" on Bitcoin, but one that only ends up strengthening it.
Edit: that all said, I don't support BitPay's decision to go exclusively BIP70, even though I understand their transition to using it (security purposes). I would really prefer they had a button that said "I accept the risks that this address may not be real and accept the risk", or work towards developing a BIP that allows your client to do some validation with a screenshot, so that even if your webpage was intercepted, it could verify the address info (that's also backwards compatible so any existing wallet that supports QR code scanning also supports it).
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:02:28
Nothing is known for sure. The article I read said it was just a test, which is why the "investment" was so low.
@_date: 2019-02-21 05:02:44
And how do you propose to avoid that? I've provided some support for the fact that you'll be taxed by a government that wants to tax you, but so far you've said nothing on how any of this is wrong or wouldn't work. All you've said so far is "but meh crypto man."
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:45:45
Best solution is probably an SPV wallet (like Electrum) and a hardware wallet. This makes it easy to use and reasonably secure. I would recommend Ledger or Trezor (lot of split opinions on those here) for the hardware wallet side. Theyre simple to use and pretty cheap (I personally recommend the Ledger Nano S - I feels its the safest/easiest for simply holding... its tedious to setup, and lacking for holding loads of shitcoins, but for just BTC, its fine).
You could go the whole route of being your own node, yadda yadda, but it sounds like you want something dead simple, and a HW wallet + Electrum will do the job. Simple &amp; secure.
Edit:mandatory I have a little bit stashed away + its still on coinbase - no you dont. Not your keys, not your bitcoin. You dont own shit, only a promise to receive bitcoin. Get that off the exchange when you become familiar with hardware wallets.
@_date: 2019-02-11 11:43:02
Certainly true, and that's where BTC would excel, but the point is people keep posting stuff about how "I got blocked from buying this good from a business, this is why we need Bitcoin". In these cases, there are ways to prevent bitcoin's use, but where it excels is private business. Although, if the government really wanted to be dicks, they could pose as another country's resident and attempt to buy something from a Chinese resident via Bitcoin and then arrest that person if they agree, so it could be disincentivised as well. I really hope it doesn't come to that though.
@_date: 2019-02-21 00:50:37
That makes no sense. The vast majority I'm talking about is the vast majority of those interested in getting Bitcoin. That's implicit when we're describing users of a Coinstar machine trying to get crypto.
The vast majority of the general population don't give a fuck about Bitcoin in general, and is irrelevant to this discussion.
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:19:28
"Long distance DC for powering cities is not a good idea."
"Wireless electricity (as a main grid) is not a good idea."
"Investing in tulips is not a good idea."
"Solar Roadways is not a good idea."
"Electro-shock conversion therapy is not a good idea."
There are plenty of examples of times when people said ideas weren't good ideas... And they were right. This is just survivorship bias. (To be fair, I agree Bitcoin is a great improvement to many of the systems in place currently, but to say Bitcoin will be the system to supplant them... Maybe? But maybe something else will.)
Not sure why, but almost everything on my list was about electricity... Got lightning on the mind I guess...
@_date: 2019-12-11 20:33:18
They cant cut access to someones bitcoins because they dont own that someonea bitcoin. The only thing they can do is prevent you from using their service, which is unrelated to bitcoin/blockchain (from a technical perspective, obviously the service interacts with bitcoin, but isnt required).
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:23:54
This is true for purchasing solar for mining. If you happen to already have solar (or are purchasing solar as an unrelated investment), then any excess solar generated over your daily usage becomes free profits. I'm workin on a solar &amp; battery backup, and looking at picking up a cheap miner to use when I'm still producing electricity when at full battery capacity. Utilizing solar that was paid for for another project.
@_date: 2019-06-18 03:37:20
Wash sale only applies to losses, but good point. That's good to know for others.
@_date: 2019-06-03 22:58:56
It sounds like Bitcoin doesn't fit your use case and you shouldn't be using it. If the fees are lower than banks, then it's worth looking into. If not, then you're doing it wrong. Don't use the blockchain if you don't need to.
If you still insist on using it, look into lightning for smaller payments, or consider reducing the fee and accepting a slower clear speed.
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:26:15
This is the wrong board for this question, as it has nothing to do with Bitcoin. Go ask in a tax related board.
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:15:45
Don't you, necessarily, have to import a private key in order to sweep it? It's like most OS's "move" is really a copy &amp; delete. Sweep is just import, spend, delete. The bigger point is to have access to the coins.
@_date: 2019-12-25 22:41:17
Just because your use case was priced out of the market, doesnt mean that the markets use case was. If you dont like it, move elsewhere. These are the rules you agree to with bitcoin. The periodic high fee periods are annoying, but they prove that the fee market functions as designed, and it prices out a lot of the bs (in my opinion of course) that was clogging down the network in the first place. More efficient transactions and methods have been designed and implemented, and when we hit the fee market wall again, even more people will work to reduce their fees, further optimizing BTC.
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:55:40
The "item" itself wouldn't experience a loss, but that memorabilia collection wouldn't just be the beanie baby. It would be the combination of the beanie baby plus certificate as a set. The collection would be devalued, but wether or not it was claimable, who knows... In theory, you could have it appraised before &amp; after to show a loss that resulted from, for example, a fire. The insurance companies are probably gonna fight you for that though. Any money they can avoid paying is profits to them.
@_date: 2019-06-16 19:01:06
The transaction fee pool (the combined value of all fees) will probably have to increase to sustain mining. This does not mean that per transaction fee has to increase (although it also doesn't mean it won't increase). As the technology improves and we get more efficient, per transaction fees should remain the same (give or take), while including more transactions per block. This allows a growing fee pool to sustain miners without costing users an arm &amp; a leg.
@_date: 2019-02-23 02:32:54
@_date: 2019-02-27 21:50:19
If the previous owners didn't pay capita gains, that's thier tax liability. I can't give you 1 BTC and retain my cost basis just because I want do. Anytime you get rid of crypto, you do it based on market prices (you get to determine which market as long as you're consistent). For receiving crypto, you either pay income tax for the value at the time, or some other user mentioned prize tax. I'm not sure what the difference is, but it's worth looking into. After that, you'll have your cost basis, and when you sell, you'll calculate the difference between the sale price &amp; cost basis and take gains/losses accordingly.
@_date: 2019-02-24 06:58:09
I second this. Had a professional do my taxes last year so I could see how they did everything. I'm now confident enough to do them myself this year.. Whenever I get around to doing them... Tomorrow? Tomorrow's tomorrow? Eventually...
@_date: 2019-02-14 22:17:09
More of the masses would trust a Chase Coin or BB&amp;T Coin than "that Bitcoin thing that hackers steal" any day of the week... Eventually, they (some) may realize the benefits of Bitcoin... But it'll be super late by then. The good news of this is that if banks create their own crypto, it can drive adoption of crypto as a whole, and Bitcoin can piggyback off of it and develop right along (and eventually surpass) them.
@_date: 2019-06-03 07:14:14
You should be fine, with all coins being forwards/backwards compatible (with the exception that the newest formats like native SegWit on BTC (address starting with bc1) might not be supported on all wallet software yet). Ideally, you'll upgrade to the newest formats periodically as it reduces the fees you'll have to pay in be future, or give you access to new privacy features when they come out.
For the record, I keep my coins in wrapped SegWit (address starting with 3), and will for a little hole longer till more support exists for native SegWit (bc1), then I'll migrate.
@_date: 2019-02-11 11:38:34
Couple other names too, depending on what you're doing with them, but he underlying structure is the same.
@_date: 2019-02-24 16:18:23
I've lovingly referred to my old coins as Bitcoin One, since they're from the days that predate forks.
@_date: 2019-06-22 07:54:33
Sure, you'll inherit them from their cost basis to market value, but unless you spend them the instant you inherit them (which technically could be done, but highly unlikely), the price moves and you pay taxes on the capital gains. As I said, only way to not have to pay taxes is never spend them (with the exception that you sell them at thier cost basis, but at that point, it's like you never had them).
@_date: 2019-06-01 05:10:10
That's neat and all, but the host computer where you run the VM is infected with a key logger. Game over, regardless of how much security theater you use elsewhere.
The purpose of paper backups is to eliminate all computer interaction, since the assumption is that every computer is infected with every kind of virus imaginable. If the words never hit the computer, no virus can get it.
@_date: 2019-02-04 22:02:10
Because Bitcoin isn't government issued? It needs to have some regulations surrounding it in order to get adoption. If it gets regulated to the point that "you will block these transactions or it's illegal", then Bitcoin simply won't (legally) exist within the US, but it'll continue on throughout the rest of the world (and anyone running the non-censored client versions). There will be a fork and whatever the US uses will be worthless. With how frequently I've seen politicians bring in "crypto experts" for their advice/opinions, I suspect this'll never happen, because anyone with half a brain will realize that any regulations that attempt to cripple the blockchain as it currently exists will result in a fork and failure (Bitcoin will continue to live on). Best thing they can do is put in regulations for US based companies, or demand KYC from everyone to the point no one accepts US customers anymore.
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:45:01
I get where you're coming from, I really do. But you'd be hard pressed to get me to trade my USD for any Mozambique dollars. I have no interest in paying $10 for $1k worth of Mozambique dollars (if we pretend it's a 1 USD to 2 MBD, then 2k MBD), mainly because MBD has no (or so very little to pretend it's no) value to me. Where can I spend it? Nowhere. Who else will accept it? No one. I'd have to do all kinds of research for what kind of bank can even do the exchange from MBD to USD. Figuring that out is not worth my time, so the currency as a whole is worthless (or worth very little - it's hard to have anything that is completely worthless, as it could have value to you by the inherit fact that it has value to someone else - technically nothing is completely worthless).
This all still doesn't address my main point of mixing scales though. You're lumping people into the equation that aren't even familiar with the situation, which doesn't happen when referring to the "top X%" of literally anything else...
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:39:09
Pretty sure it's illegal in most states to sell food to the public without a food license... And no, on one is saying that the government can completely stop Bitcoin transactions, but they could decide to put a high penalty for being caught, which would cause many to decide it's not worth it. It's all about risk/reward.
@_date: 2019-06-26 08:09:51
Let's say 6 years ago I bought a bunch of Bitcoin's for $10k. Sure, $10k is a decent chunk of change for many people, but it's not an absurd amount of money. Fast forward to today, and you happen to stumble across my past from all those years ago, and realize that I ended up buying 1k BTC. You scan through my post history and see generic posts about "yeah, haven't really spent much, just holding" and decide to do more digging. From your analysis, you highly suspect I still have a majority of my holdings. That's $10+ million in crypto. Now I'm a target. You get my personal info and decide to pay me a visit to convince me to "lend" you some of my BTC.
The idea is that whatever amount you have, however large or small at the time, as long as the peice keeps going up, it has the potential to be worth loads of money, which could make you a target.
Once upon a time, the goal was getting up to 1k BTC... Then it was 100. Then 21 (for the one in a million!). Now it's 1. If we see the price continue like it has these past couple months, it'll be 0.1 before too long. It'll eventually be 0.01, etc. Any amount now has the potential to be seen as a massive fortune in the future.
@_date: 2019-02-23 22:38:27
I've got 2 ledger nano s (cuz they're so cheap), their newest one on preorder to play around with, and the Trezor Model T for fun. I like the features of the ledger a lot more than the trezor, and the trezor 1 is a no-go for me since I have to type in my 24 words via the computer rather than plugging them into the device itself. It's still mathematically secure, but I hate the idea, since it seems easier to compromise.
The ledger is awesome for something quick &amp; simple. It's what I'd get friends/family to use. The ledger is a lot more expensive, and all it really gets you is the touch screen. Both have appropriate security features and capabilities, so it really all comes down to preference and price difference. You really can't go wrong either way.
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:44:58
Potentially, but if you stole the bitcoin, then proving ownership would incriminate yourself, which is why there could be a case for not turning it over. If its already declared and you legally own it, then theres nothing that incriminates you, therefore less of a case... I'm sure we'll see someone go through this legal battle within the next decade. Should be interesting.
@_date: 2019-06-01 05:13:50
Cool, appreciate the response!
@_date: 2019-12-25 22:45:58
Interesting post, but Im pretty sure the point of DCA was to not try to play the market and make it simple. DCA isnt optimized for best earnings, its optimized for averaged buy price, ease of use, and a high reduction in FOMO/FUD influence. As soon as you start to game the system for lowest buy price, you increase your chances to succumb to market sensations, and its no longer easy. Might as well say trade at that point.
@_date: 2019-12-02 05:10:22
The masses dont think more than 10 minutes in the future. The first bank run will shake a lot of confidence, and I hope the outcome is that people learn to take personal responsibility, but what I suspect will happen is governments will create a better bitcoin that uses the existing infrastructure and solves the bank run problem. Then were right back to inflationary, centralized currencies.
@_date: 2019-12-03 21:31:07
Why is that weird that I agree with you? Everything youve said makes sense and is logical.
My only assertion is that by the definition of (paraphrasing) basket of goods steadily increasing in price, with bitcoin being the basket of goods, its, by definition, inflation. This runs counter to what most people understand by inflation because its highly context specific (to the context of technical definition).
@_date: 2019-06-07 06:44:06
This is a great answer. Coins mined are income, equipment purchased can be written off, you gotta keep track of your cost basis.
Only confusing issue is forks. Some count them as stock splits, where you split the basis, but since you end up with 2 different cryptos on 2 different chains, I suspect this is a weak argument. Others count them as semi-splits, where they just assume a cost basis of 0 to the minor chain, but keep the main chain with their full cost basis as if nothing changed. This approach is also kind of weak in my opinion. The last option is to treat the minor chain fork as income. It's an asset you got for free without having to do anything for it, which is an asset separate/different from the initial asset. The issue with this is figuring out the date to claim it (date of the fork itself, date than an exchange gave you access to be forked coins, date it was listed on an exchange to be sold, etc.). As long as you document everything, you can show an auditor "hey, I don't have a clue what I'm doing because you haven't provided guidance, but here's my good faith effort", and you won't get in (much) trouble.
@_date: 2019-12-03 01:14:51
When I read most people I thought of the 99% of the people who dont know of bitcoin, or dont know of the bitcoin basics, which is... most people. Those who know the basics of bitcoin are among a vastly tiny minority, and those on r/Bitcoin are the minority of that minority. We represent an insignificant portion of people. But kudos to thinking r/Bitcoin represents most people.
@_date: 2019-12-22 23:14:34
Except... you can. Because you said account and not wallet. Person A &amp; B will both have accounts at a bank, where their deposits are recorded, not on the blockchain, but in the banks database, just as is done today. Not your keys, not your coins. The masses wont want personal financial responsibility over their entire lifes savings. Some certainly will, but the idea that you could lose your entire savings account due to a virus on your computer is off putting for many people. Theyll want custodians to provide them guarantees that their money will be there when they ask for it. Banks will do this, and were already seeing custodial solutions being offered to major players. Eventually, someone will find a way to monetize those deposits (such as loans), and then they will be incentivized (interest bearing accounts). The difference is that when theres a run on the bank, no one can bail them out, but until then, theres no difference between operating in USD or BTC. People will think they have bitcoin, but its just meaningless bits in a banks ledger.
@_date: 2019-12-11 20:35:04
The answer is just no. They cant remote disable your ledger, so everything you have still works. If youre using their wallet, then you no longer can, but its no different than having another company say they wont let you use their wallet. And you really should be using something like Electrum anyway... but thats just my 2.
@_date: 2019-12-06 18:18:39
very efficient blockchain is still a horribly inefficient database.
The only time that it would make sense would be to maintain consensus across different orgs, where data is shared and needs to be integrity checked/accountability maintained. Something like a running IOU between businesses, where its limited in scope, and the businesses can agree amongst themselves. Others could be brought in freely: pay your debt to Microsoft by paying Apple (who is owed by Microsoft) This example is poor, but Ive yet to see an example of one that makes sense (and I dont know what JMP digital assets are, but if you think its a good fit, please explain).
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:38:09
For the future, potentially, yes. But we're not scaling for the future, since there's always another future away from that that you haven't scaled properly for. It's chasing a meaningless dream. We should scale for tomorrow, while keeping next week in mind. Work on optimizations and difficult problems before trying to pretend like the entire world is trying to open a channel simultaneously tomorrow. Doing the later is retarded and inefficient.
@_date: 2019-06-24 04:53:19
Technically, yes. If they were going to, they'll make their changes, tell everyone to do the update, officially create a fork and then demand that everyone turns in their BTC for BTWorld coins. All stores must accept BTW, and it's the only official currency. (Any use of BTC is illegal - just like the US did with physical gold ownership... Good luck using gold to hedge against the federal reserve note!)
Those who refuse will continue to run BTC, but it'll be worth significantly less because the vast majority of the users don't care. As long as they can buy their groceries and pay their rent, it doesn't matter if it's BTC or BTW.
Once the vast majority of the world is using BTW, they've effectively won. Anyone refusing can be arrested or whatever (social outcast like China's totalitarian state currently is).
@_date: 2019-10-31 22:09:33
Ive sold/bought a handful of times in person. Usually goes down like this (assuming Im the seller):
Find someone via many of the p2p sites.
Meet up in safe, open location (coffee shop, etc).
Take the cash, count it, usually keep it in sight so its not as Im stealing your cash.
Get the buyers address.
Use my phone loaded with a wallet just enough to cover the amount to send the transaction.
BS about crypto BS until we hit a confirmation.
Go our separate ways.
I usually start around the $100 range first time buying/selling, then increase as needed and trust is gained. I only used an escrow service a couple of times, but really hate the fees charged, so decided to stop using them. Never had an issue, but did call off a meet or two because of how the other party was acting. Just gotta watch for typical red flags hey, lets do 0.1 first, but then being at least 5 extra so we can do that today too, well figure out the details later, just bring the cash and well make a trade, etc.
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:41:14
I don't know that people want you to pay for free shit. I think the idea is more like a "pay as you go" internet service... Or cell phone service, where every time you use the service, you're charged for exactly what you use, rather than paying a fixed bill every month despite not using a whole lot. Those major consumers that go crazy are the ones that'll suffer the most from ideas like this.
Also, you're complaining about paying for a game that isn't F2P. That's like complaining that "battlefield is $60, so rude they want money for it". If the game isn't worth the $60, don't pay for it.. But using micropayment a as a way to onloading works. Pay $0.10 for 24 hours access? Sure, I'd be willing to try out more games. Steam already does this for free (or use their refund process), so those systems won't go away, but this would allow independent devs the ability to do something similar.
@_date: 2019-02-04 22:03:27
That was a seed stored on a personal computer, and sounds like it was unencrypted. If you even halfway take seriously your coin security, this can be completely avoided.
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:39:26
Perhaps, but it's probable that we'll never know. It's certainly ambiguous either way.
@_date: 2019-02-25 22:56:25
So, you've admitted yourself that "half of miners will quit, therefore ... less security". Just because price would affect what a rational miner might do, does not in and of itself, determine what actually happens or will happen. If miners quit for any reason, security goes down. If the price drops but no one quits mining, the security hasn't gone anywhere. There is strong correlation between price &amp; security, but it's not causation. Correlation is not causation.
As for your other concerns, I could see a point in time in the distant future that you pay $5-$10 once a month to move a bunch of money around all at once. Most people pay a couple bucks a month per checking account they have opened with a bank - and sometimes you have to pay for a savings account too. Once a month you could open 2-3 dozen channels, close a dozen channels, shift some funds from cold storage around, etc. Additionally, you can use batching round robin style like coinjoin to batch your transactions with many others without any security risk.
LN shifted a major burden from on-chain to off-chain to vastly improve scaling. Just because LN is available doesn't mean people won't transact all the time on-chain as well. Think about all the different ways we can send people money with banks. If we have debit cards, why do we need checks? If we have checks, why do we need SWIFT? Each different option provides different benefits and different costs. The same will happen with Bitcoin. Want to buy that new $30k car? Settle on chain, pay the "$80" fee as part of doing business. Want to buy the $1 newspaper? Throw someone some satoshis on LN. Exchanges moving millions behind the scenes? Use liquid. Bitcoin will evolve to meet the demands placed on it. If this means we need to increase blocksize to bring up the fees payable, then we can have the discussion at the time. Until then, there may be better technical developments that make it irrelevant in the future.
@_date: 2019-12-11 20:41:45
You know that the expensive part of western union is the people/profit, not in actually sending money places, right? WU uses centralized servers, it is virtually zero cost to send money to any other WU. Buildings &amp; employees have costs, and then theres the profit you can make from taking advantage of niche activities that people cant easily do themselves.
If bitcoin became a prevalent method of purchasing goods and services, youll see the WU type business dwindle, as itll be really easy to send your own money places. What youll see instead are on/off ramps, allowing you to open &amp; fund lightning channels and the likes. Bring in $20, get $17 on lightning to do with what you want (or have them send it to whoever you want).
@_date: 2019-12-26 17:18:53
This is the fallout of everyone thinking they dont have to report BTC on their taxes... and then people advocating for others to intentionally break the law by not doing so.
This is also compounded by the fact that the IRS was incredibly slow to issue guidance (which Id still argue isnt fully clear). By now though, most individuals involved with BTC before the guidance should have corrected their position.
On the upside, with the IRS asking about it, that many more people will see it as a legitimate investment. No longer is it just those internet weirdos, the government is talking about it. (That is, up until the point that the government starts saying its banned or mandatory buybacks, etc.)
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:28:45
The hardware wallet merely enables you the ability to securely spend from your seed. Nothing more, nothing less. Paper wallets &amp; using a hardware wallet (properly) are exactly the same, but the hardware wallet gives you more freedom (to spend) at the cost of some security (an additional attack vector, however small).
@_date: 2019-06-03 05:15:10
Even if you cold do trillions per nanosecond, you're still looking at millions+ of years to find a collision.
@_date: 2019-06-08 22:57:40
At currently difficulty? You'd have to wait weeks or months for difficulty to adjust before that made any sense...
@_date: 2019-12-27 22:36:08
Its priced in in the sense that if you know the supply will be decreasing in the next couple months, youre more likely to buy some now while the supply is still high, so that youll be prepared for the decrease in supply. If enough people do this, then price rises as demand rises, which causes the halving to be priced in, despite no change in supply. After the halvening, supply drops, and demand teeters off as everyone already bought their pre-supply-decrease coins. In theory, demand returns to normal, supply is cut in half, and price remains at double what it was (from before everyone started buying their pre-supply-decrease coins).
@_date: 2019-12-26 19:12:37
Its supply and demand. If energy costs are too much, supply decreases, relative demand increases, prices rise. If a country bans it, demand decreases, relative supply increases, price goes down.
If a whale wakes up with a boner on his left side, supply massively increases, relative demand massively decreases, price goes down. He sneezes twice &amp; licks a pickle, demand massively increases, relative supply massively decreases, price massively increases.
If a countrys currency is inflated to oblivion, demand increases, relative supply decreases, price increases.
What gives bitcoin value is people trading it. If they want it as an investment, they increase demand. If they want it as a hedge against their tyrannical government, they increase demand. If someone sells to buy a burger, supply increases.
@_date: 2019-12-26 18:58:33
When its sold, its capital gains. Mining or being paid in BTC is income. Just buying BTC isnt taxable, nor reportable, but now its reported as yes for this question. You dont report when you buy stocks, shouldnt have to for crypto.
@_date: 2019-02-14 22:13:37
I think the problem with this is dealing with the USD. It sounds like you're asking how to have a trustless exchange, and it's not going to work when anything other than crypto is involved due to the drawbacks of USD...
If his isn't the case, then you need to clarify more...
@_date: 2019-06-30 04:42:58
First off, where do you get that I'm "investing my parents money"? Seriously, calling me a kid/immature is not productive to anyone.
I never claimed that sea shells or video games were national currencies, so not sure where you're getting that idea from. I did claim that sea shells were *a* currency (obviously not a national one). I pointed out that your argument of "every currency has value" doesn't hold up when you look at sea shells as a currency. They don't have value to you beside you can't do anything with them, but they may hold value to some people. Their value is subjective.
You seem to be asserting that national currency holds the same value to all individuals, but I simply cannot agree. Sure, it might have the same purchasing power for all individuals, but that has nothing to do with how much value those individuals place in the currency. A quarter is always a quarter, but there are individuals who will stop to pick one up off the street, and there are those who won't. It seems obvious to me that those who do, value that quarter higher than those who don't. A higher or lower value doesn't change its purchasing power in the slightest, it just determines how individuals react.
Sure, I could turn sea shells into money by figuring out who is interested in them and exchanging them for USD, but the opportunity cost of my time &amp; effort is significantly higher than whatever reward I would get out of it. I, therefore, value a handful of shells much lower than what USD I could get out of them. That's not to say they have a different purchasing power based on how I feel, that's nonsense. If you want to accept $1k worth of sea shells for some item, go for it. But I would gladly take $200 over $1k worth of sea shells, because I don't value them as high as I do USD. Am I better off? Not on paper, but in terms of my opportunity cost, yes. I don't understand how you think everyone equally values everything... We're all individuals.
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:38:27
Do you not consider scarcity to be a parameter? Or proof of ownership without risk of confiscation? Or the mathematical certainty of asset ownership transfer?
@_date: 2019-12-23 23:19:30
Use the ledger to generate the wallet, write down &amp; securely store the seed, use Electrum to add hardware wallet so Electrum has your public keys, but the hardware wallet keeps your private keys. Alternatively, you could use ledgers native software, but its kinda garbage, so Id recommend not doing that. Its up to you, just seriously consider a hardware wallet.
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:32:45
What do you hate about it? I don't have any issues with mine, so I'm curious.
@_date: 2019-06-17 20:27:24
You have several options here:
1) FIFO - first in, first out. This method Aleta's spends your oldest coins, so you should be in long term gains most of the time. The issue with this is you can't control your basis, and your capital gains will typically be larger as long as the price continues to raise.
2) LIFO - last in, first out. Opposite of FIFO, and usually a dumb idea
3) Specific coin control - this is the method I wish I could use, since you get to specifically control what basis and age of coins you sell. You essentially treat each UTXO as its own individual basis. It's pretty easy to do, and allows the greatest flexibility. I was unable to go this route for many reasons, but it's the one I highly recommend.
4) Dollar Cost Average - each incoming coin joins a "pool" of coins that collectively raise or lower the cost basis based on each coin's proportionality to the pool and it's buy/sell peice. As for date tracking, I assume it follows a FIFO method, where your cost basis just fluctuates up and down. I'm not a fan of this, as you have to calculate the fluctuation of the pool for every tiny spend. I feel it's easier to just grab your oldest line in an Excel sheet &amp; do the math on that one line, rather than trying to figure out the average cost basis and how each spend affects all others.
You are free to choose whatever you want, but you have to be consistent. Since I had to use FIFO to simplify my taxes, I stuck using that method, constantly spendin my oldest coins (even if I buy/sell the "same" 1 BTC on an exchange, I'm always selling my oldest coin record and adding to the top of my stack with what I buy from the exchange). It feels trippy to buy BTC on an exchange, immediately sell it, and say UI just sold a coin you held for 6 years, but for tax reporting, you did.
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:48:04
1. Recover seed on new phone
No need for switchin seeds. Just wipe the old phone multiple times and you're good. Don't make it more difficult than it has to be.
@_date: 2019-06-29 05:23:48
If the answer is "at least one", then your assumption that it has value for the entire world's population is false. Sure, it could have value to a significant portion, but then there are those who don't know or don't have access, even though it could have value to them.
I'll agree that baseball &amp; snake aren't currencies, so the analogy doesn't hold completely true, but I still stand by my statement that comparing BTC Goldwing to the entire world's population (of which a vast number may not even be aware of BTC's existence) is silly...
@_date: 2019-06-10 18:04:32
The world says 1 Satoshi is worth 1 Satoshi. If you want the bread, you have to pay 10 satoshis. If you don't, you'll have to find someone willing to accept only 9 satoshis. You seem to be confusing adopting a different medium of exchange with initial product marketing in determining initial price. Initial price is based on competitors, cost of production &amp; other factors (which you point out). You set the price you think people will pay, raise it if you see out, and lower t if you don't sell any. The market drives the price.
@_date: 2019-12-28 16:35:32
But is it really *your* GBP? (Mind you, OP didnt do this between his own wallets, but the point still stands)
@_date: 2019-02-24 18:24:05
Little hard to call it a pure scam as its a derivation of the protocol that the community was split across. It's just a normal split, and it happened to be on the minority side of history. That's going to happen several more times in bitcoin's evolution. I'm just saying that we don't need to be radical in terms of our support for which side we believe should be the way forward. Present your arguments, choose your side, and the market/masses will decide if it's the majority/minority. Either way, there's something to be learned.
@_date: 2019-12-25 22:50:59
Block explorer + Excel + Turbo Tax (already my go to anyway, but any normal tax filing software/firm works).
If youre good with code, you can write a VBA script that imports data from a block explorer, draws correlation between related accounts, imports prices and calculated capital gains automagically... or so Ive heard... &gt;.&gt;...
@_date: 2019-02-24 18:25:07
Oh, I agree. Just pointing it out.
@_date: 2019-12-22 12:50:40
None of what youve said is false... but none of it is any sort of counter argument against what I said either.
Banks are in institution/business that, while under questionable laws, operate within the realm of fiat. Nothing stops them from operating the same within bitcoin (other than the inability to bail them out in the event of a bank run).
@_date: 2019-02-22 04:27:04
Possibly true, but as long as the insides weren't changed, there isn't a whole lot of memory to write a program to encapsulate and emulate all the functions of a normally operating trezor. Also, this doesn't stop you from verifying the integrity of wallet generation by creating a few &amp; verifying what addresses the trezor generates vs what a website would generate (obviously don't use these wallets). You could always do a restore wallet procedure from one you generated securely offline. At that point, the modified trezor would have to connect to your computer and use it to broadcast the private key out, which would be difficult. Possible, sure, but so would a virus infecting your trezor when you plug it into any computer. Everything is possible if you stretch the imagination.
@_date: 2019-02-28 18:28:42
Understood. Thanks for the clarification!
@_date: 2019-12-06 03:23:28
Weve solved database single point of failure with distributed (not decentralized) databases - redundancy in both software &amp; hardware. Access difficulty could mean any number of things, so I cant address that. Potentially unwanted censorship is true. Records &amp; standards are both centralized to the databases installation. The real big drawback is censorship, but in exchange for that, you get a database that performs millions or billions times faster and is more secure (from a user to user confidentiality perspective). There are times when censorship resistance is worth the massive performance trade off, but most applications dont require it.
With censorship being the real biggie here, you need decentralized distribution of the blockchain in question, such that many entities are contributing to the verification &amp; propagation of blocks. People arent going to do this for free, and if its only a nominal cost to produce blocks, it becomes trivial to disrupt or destroy blockchains. If its not decentralized, then its not censorship resistant (sorta... it can be resistant, just not proof).
@_date: 2019-12-27 16:55:25
The obligation is to tell the truth. Did you get any crypto? Yes? Then the government knows who you are, which makes it easier to confiscate, similarly to how theyve confiscated gold in the past. (Edit: not that I think itll be confiscated, but its certainly possible)
Providing more information is always worse. They only need the bare minimum to properly calculate your taxes owed, and nothing more.
This form actually isnt filled out by everyone, just those filing the schedule 1. The problem is it collects data that isnt necessary for reporting on taxes. Those with crypto capital gains will report those gains. Those who are just accumulating (assuming they file the schedule 1) are now having to disclose additional information.
This is along the same lines of let cops search whoever they want. If they dont have anything to hide, then they got nothing to fear its just wrong.
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:45:37
Its not useless when one of those storage locations gets wiped off the map, which is the purpose of this 3 of 4... location redundancy.
@_date: 2019-12-05 23:23:53
The price of new goods go down faster than your money inflated away. Your $100 today will only be worth $95 in a couple years, but that all-in-one computer for $100 ($95 inflation) in 3 years will run circles around the $100 computer this year. If thats the case, why does anyone spend anything at all? All they have to do is wait a year and get much better tech at the same price (or same quality at a much lower price).
Everyone has to buy essentials, so nothing changes there - youll always have spending regardless of inflation/deflation.
@_date: 2019-12-25 22:36:24
If you think stable coins are better than bitcoin, you fundamentally misunderstand the purpose of bitcoin. We already have stable coins called PayPal, Venmo, etc. its all just digital fiat. If thats all you want, just use existing systems, its all be done before.
Bitcoin isnt fiat.
@_date: 2019-06-19 23:12:34
On its own, no. Coinbase doesn't send your personal details to anyone you send money to (unless they have a Coinbase to Coinbase send feature). The only thing that happens is that Coinbase publishes a transaction from X to Y, which everyone can see.
With careful analysis, you can easily determine that X belongs to Coinbase, but even with this info, I don't know who at Coinbase sent it. Coinbase does though, so all I got to do is subpeona Coinbase for this transaction details, and they'll be forced to hand the info over (I'm using "I" from a government investigator perspective).
The safer way to do this is have Y be your address. Coinbase knows you sent coins to Y, but doesn't necessarily know that Y is owned by you (you have to be careful to not contaminate this address with more coins in the future).
From Y, you can then send to Z1, Z2, etc... And no one will be able to correlate Y-&gt;Z as being yours. They'll only know that X-&gt;Y was yours.
@_date: 2019-12-29 07:44:28
There are several advantages with having custodians watch over your coins, but I dont feel like they outweigh the cons associated with them. It is, however, disingenuous to say there are no advantages.
@_date: 2019-12-25 17:42:05
The software being reliant? Or the hardware wallet? Theres a difference between the ledger experience (as in the ledger hardware wallet, which I think is great) and the ledger experience (as in the ledger software, which I think sucks). Seems like youre grouping them up, but they are completely separate.
@_date: 2019-12-09 20:33:55
No, you dont have to be, but it would be nice if your line of thinking was... the problem is that you are affected by the majority who wont. When they dont use their keys, theyll allow artificial inflation to happen. The market will have more than 21m coins in circulation. The market will take this into account. Sure, you wont be affected by the bank run afterwards, but if we come to rely heavily on bitcoin, that could be a catastrophic collapse of the system that cant be stopped. There is no massive inflation to prevent collapse, it just collapses. Families lose entire life savings, businesses go out of business, and there bitcoin sits, front and center, the cause of this mess (because it didnt happen with fiat, because the government could have protected us). This is the problem, and its the part that affects all of us. The way to take our bitcoin is let the current system get its hands on it, continue its shitty practices and let the system collapse. From the ashes, they get to start over from scratch, reset inflation and protect its citizens. Whos going to want crypto when theyre being told it was responsible for the crash?
I dont particularly see this as likely, but its possible... Im really hoping we can continue to encourage people to hold their own keys, but I have no faith in the stupid masses. (And then lets be honest: banks will start offering interest on deposits, so there will be even more incentive to not hold your own keys)
@_date: 2019-12-29 00:58:24
Youre saying that more users of bitcoin will increase bitcoins value. Sure, makes sense. But that has literally nothing to do With USD.
You proposed the idea of some sort of digital USD somehow magically tied (backed by) bitcoin. What the hell is that and how does that work? Just use bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-05 23:01:51
Thank god its popularity (within this context) is dwindling... tired of companies trying to put everything on a blockchain because they dont realize this. Blockchains are a step in the wrong direction for a vast majority of data, business models, etc.
@_date: 2019-02-10 15:18:16
Potentially, sure. But OP was discussing profitability projections and such, so it seems run more like a business rather than a hobby. If he had a handful of miners, sure, call it a hobby, but he's paid for commercial space and electricity wiring. Businesses should shut down operations when profitability is lower than operating costs. If he's getting less BTC than the electricity he's spending, he should stop mining and just buy BTC. He'll end up with more BTC for the $ spent. Paying $10,000 for 2 BTC and then waiting till their price goes to $20,000 each means you only have $40k. If instead of electrify, you just buy BTC, you'd have 2.5 BTC, and $50k when it goes to $20k each. Meaning you lost out of a potential $10k worth of extra cash.
And this doesn't even take into account taxes that you pay on mining but not on just straight up buying, although my miners ended up setting me back more than my profit from mining, so that helped me out, it could go either way.
@_date: 2019-12-27 16:51:43
Are you saying that supply is always how many sell orders there are, or are you including the unless you are a miner into that definition of supply? Im confused.
@_date: 2019-06-15 05:32:12
$1 million in 2020 or by 2021 is referring to "McAfee's dick line". Google it.
@_date: 2019-12-08 21:43:45
You arent the majority with that line of thinking (under the assumption that bitcoin becomes as used as usd). The majority of users dont want personal responsibility and will hold their coins in institutions thatll protect them (and inflate them). Thisll happen until theres a run on the banks, and then well see who survives. I just hope they dont take bitcoin down with it (i.e. government says dont use this unreliable crypto called bitcoin, use our gov coin instead, well protect you - obviously wont kill bitcoin, but itd be a pretty huge blow for those who rely or want its features/benefits over fiat).
@_date: 2019-12-25 17:47:40
US has a graduated tax, both at the federal level &amp; state level. States vary around 3-10%, and federal is 0% at lowest income up to 20% for highest tax bracket. For tax purposes, crypto is treated as if you sold X amount of crypto for Y USD then used that to buy your item (rather than a direct barter). If you paid A for the crypto, then you owe taxes (either long term if held for over a year, or short term if under a year) based on Y-A. If Y is less than A, then you get to write it off against other gains, potentially saving you some taxes.
Mining is taxed as income at the moment you mine/get the coins. Its a pretty big pain in the ass to keep track of all transactions.
@_date: 2019-12-30 02:39:46
Its deflationary with respect to technology. A $1000 TV today is only $300 in 3 years. Your money continues to deflate when you look into buying tech. Fiat itself inflates, you are correct, but your purchasing power increases relative to the technology youre buying. The resulting effect is that its deflationary with respect to technology.
Why would you spend $1k on a TV today when you could get the same one for half price in a couple years? Because you can. If someone doesnt, its because theyre choosing to save and buy something later (which could also be acquired cheaper/better in the future). The point is that even though your purchasing power increases in the future, people still make purchases today. And plenty of them.
You were right in saying that you should be able to trust, I was pointing out that thats not what happens in practice. We cant trust governments, as theyve shown time and time again to be unreliable. Bitcoin (and crypto in general) solves that as theres no need to trust, you can vote on which system you support (vote with your wallet to support whatever coin you want), and the values are known. Theres no hidden agenda taking place forcing things one way or another. The market gets to vote on what it wants.
I kinda get what youre getting at, but who do you pay for your USD balance? What is being linked to bitcoin (your USD transactions, or just to get your balance to change)? Why use a horrifically slow and inefficient storage mechanism (blockchain) for a centrally issued USD? What advantages would this have over how USD currently operates (besides making BTC worth a lot)?
@_date: 2019-12-08 14:11:18
Asking if Bitcoin will replace banks is like asking if the internet will replace news outlets. Just because its not their currently default medium (newspapers were), doesnt mean that wont adapt to the new technology (going to internet). Sure, well lose a few banks in the process, just as we lost newspapers, but the news industry as a whole migrated, as will the banking industry as a whole.
A more intelligent question would be will bitcoin replace fiat? since thats a direct comparison.
@_date: 2019-12-05 23:07:53
Is it called maximalism if the market as a whole favors bitcoin over alts?
If Bitcoin were so difficult to use, then people wouldnt use it. Fees are high because people choose to use it. If you choose not to, or you dont have a need for it, then move on - Bitcoin isnt for you. Bitcoin isnt for everyone, pure and simple. Its been stated multiple times by multiple personalities. It solves many problems, but if you dont care about those problems, then it solves none of *your* problems.
@_date: 2019-12-26 23:31:19
I get the feeling that youre pretty far left, and anyone right if you is this altright youre talking about.
For years, youtube has been selectively censoring content creators on what feels like a whim. Certain political parties say X, get removed, the other party says X, nothing. Certain creators (independent of political affiliation) says X, gets removed, and another creator says X, and doesnt.
Many people on all sides of all topics are being blocked for what feels like selectively enforced TOS. Wish theyd get an official ruling that theyre either a publisher or platform, and have someone actually enforce that shit. It would stop youtube from doing stupid shit like this where entire swaths of the community get hit simultaneously.
@_date: 2019-06-05 04:42:01
You're missing the point, but yes. If Bitcoin were banned, it wouldn't make sense to use Bitcoin to buy a car. So, you'd take up the government's offer to exchange your Bitcoin for fiat and buy what you wanted that way... That's the point. You can't spend any appreciable amount of Bitcoin if it get banned...
@_date: 2019-06-10 23:21:13
Okay. Lots there, mostly character attacks. ATMs allow you to withdraw from your account. It's still linked to your account and can be reversed. Sure, the person might have cash, but you're no worse off if someone steals your money from an ATM.
I'm not sure where you get the the US government is stealing crypto, but I'd sure like to know. I am aware of taxes, but that's life. Not much you can do about that except vote in people who want to lower them.
@_date: 2019-04-14 04:28:22
Except it's not quite like that, especially if you intend on getting goods or services in exchange for your Bitcoin. Trying to hide yourself only works until you need to interact with someone else (not necessarily on a 1 to 1 level, but as a customer of a business). The business could be audited for all sales it's made in crypto to see if any sending addresses are unknown. As long as it's an online retailer, they'll then have your name and address, and can fine/find you.
There are ways around that, like shopping brick &amp; mortar, but there are ways to be deanonomized to the point you can't spend your BTC without it being illegal (and caught for doing so). I really hope we never get there, but it is completely possible.
Imagine China's facial recognition setup in stores where it pulls your biometrics and automatically and instantly detects your face associated with an unidentified address. You're instantly caught.
@_date: 2019-04-10 13:50:12
You really need to do some more research before getting into Bitcoin. Asking if a "wallet has the capacity for me to send money via blockchain" is dumb. The only purpose of a wallet is to send transactions across the blockchain. That's literally the definition of a wallet.
Also, having "lost" your bank password and it's now locked out sounds fishy. Seems like you've conveniently lost your neighbor's bank account password and want to make sure you get it back in Bitcoin... To keep it safe for them...
Try harder...
@_date: 2019-12-03 01:23:31
I came here to correct you on the fact that prices rise due to inflation and prices fall due to deflation, but TIL inflation and deflation are literally defined by the rising/falling of market prices, and literally have nothing to do with supply. As the price of bitcoin falls, its in deflation, and as the price increases, its technically in inflation... Heres to permanent bitcoin inflation then? (Feels weird as shit to say it, but by technical definition... (under the assumption that the basket of goods and services consists of bitcoin, which one is freely able to decide))
Edit: your response is a little off, and backwards I think... an increase in value is inflation, not deflation.
@_date: 2019-12-16 23:52:13
You need an on-ramp for nocoiners, not bitcoiners...
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:50:29
Thats actually a better analogy for a custodial wallet. Its real btc, stores by someone else. Robinhood doesnt sell you real BTC. Its an asset they call bitcoin but its nothing more than a stock tracking the price of bitcoin. In this case, youre buying a piece of paper that says this should be worth 1 gold not this can be exchanged for 1 gold (your standard certificate).
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:51:08
\[1\] would occur with corrupt/bad regulation. In this case, yes, the regulation is bad, but that was a given.
\[2\] Again, this is an example of bad regulation.
Regulation provides guidance on how people/corporations are supposed to handle assets and remain within the law. The IRS regulation that bitcoin is taxed as property (while it sucks) provides a framework within which companies can begin to operate within the law. The fact that you require KYC/money licenses to buy/sell bitcoins led to the rise of US exchanges which helps get more individuals into Bitcoin. Good/proper regulation lays the foundation of operation and some general guidelines, and as long as its modified/tweaked over time, it allows growth within the industry from individuals/companies who are law abiding.
A lack of regulation will prevent banks/institutions who would be risking too much for some minor gains, from entering the market. Once you lay down an open framework, banks can analyze the situation and act accordingly within the law.
I'm not advocating for strict/oppressive regulation, but something that lays the groundwork for everyone. The IRS guidance on taxation is a great example. It allows the legal filing of taxes in an appropriate way. Additional regulation should do the same for other areas of confusion within handling bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-03 21:37:34
I saw nothing in his post adhominim, nor uneducated for that matter. Highly optimistic, sure, but hes not claiming that bitcoins supply goes to 30 million. $5m per BTC is unrealistic, but that doesnt mean its not possible. His only other claim is most people to which Id agree. With a global target audience, most people dont know of bitcoin, and of those who do, most people dont know how it works. Of those, most people here do.
If hes made of fool of himself elsewhere, Im not commenting on that, as its not relevant to your attack on *my* definition of most people. Remember, youre attacking me for my definition.
Sure, continue to attack me for what some other rando on the Internet is doing, over which I have no control. Getting you off my back does nothing to get you off his back, and from the sounds of it, youre doin a pretty good job stalking him so far. Feel free to continue to shitpost on his threads, it doesnt concern me. What concerns me is your attacks on me.
*lists irrelevant threads* attack him, not me.
@_date: 2019-12-26 19:01:14
You just gotta day yes. You dont report gains, but you received BTC by some means, therefore you have to report yes.
Ironically, one could argue that if you DCAd into an exchange but never withdrew, you never received bitcoin... not your keys, not your coin. You didnt get any.
@_date: 2019-12-02 05:08:04
As long as the trezors maintain their keys, then yes that would work. I would assume the trezors to be only semi reliable storage at best, and wouldnt count on them maintaining their key for redundancy purposes. In this scenario, if trezor 1 dies, and location 3 gets wiped off, you lose everything. In the 3 of 4, all of the trezors can die (you actually only need 1 instead of 3), and then youre still location redundant.
@_date: 2019-12-23 23:16:49
Howd that happen? Ive got 3? 4? ledger Nano Ss, and havent had a single one cause me any issues. I just put my Trezor in my safe a week after I got it and never touch it - its not for me.
@_date: 2019-12-03 19:40:38
Right. As I said, its wierd to phrase it such, but by technical definition, its not wrong. It was more of a tongue in cheek response that I knew was going to be downvoted due to its backwards or incorrect phrasing. Didnt fare as bad as I thought, but perhaps thats because people didnt see it...
I agree with you 100%.
@_date: 2019-12-26 19:06:11
No, its on the schedule 1, which is only filled out if you have capital gains/losses to report.
@_date: 2019-12-03 15:45:42
The market is more than welcome to choose a chain with bigger blocks. It exists. Its called BCH. The market has very specifically chosen that its not value able to then, which is why the price, suppler &amp; hash power all lag behind bitcoins. No one is forcing people to use bitcoins small blocks - the market *wants* to.
@_date: 2019-06-11 23:58:34
I'm still a little confused, but I assume you're saying that someone would kidnap my wife &amp; ransom her for Bitcoin. Correct?
If so, that goes to support my argument about why having USD stolen is better than having your Bitcoin stolen...
@_date: 2019-12-28 16:01:08
Well, youre not the entire market. The idea is that miners, in anticipation of the halvening, may indeed be selling less bitcoin. Buyers may be buying more. As others have said, theres no exact science - I was coming up with an example to help explain it.
The idea is that if you know the supply is going to be reduced (or you think it is, since miners probably arent selling 100% of their coins, and non miners are selling), it would make sense to buy now while supply is (theoretically) still high. Rather than buy 1 BTC for $1 and then at halvening, 0.5 for $1 (since miners cant sell for less), the idea is that you could buy 1 for $1 and maybe 0.5 at that $1 price point, and another 0.5 at a $1.50 point. At this point, the market is at $1.50/BTC, and the halvening is priced in to some degree.
You seem to be ignoring what everyone is saying and instead trying to figure out how its actually happening. I dont think anyone here is saying it *is* happening, just the idea of what its doing *if* it were to happen.
@_date: 2019-02-01 06:37:32
It wasn't a collectible thing. My family used to do beach week and one of the staples of our trip was poker night(s). Everyone would sit down and play until the last 2-3 ended up with all the chips, and they'd call it quits or take a tally and declare a winner. I thought it'd be cool as hell to have this Bitcoin thing as poker chips, where we met up and played several rounds with "digital" currency. It was kind of this novel idea since I was heavily interested and my family was clueless but thought of me as crazy...
Would have been interesting to have that $20 million poker set at its peak... Wouldn't have ever used it... Was waiting for the price to go down as the ASICs were first starting to arrive (assumed that people would be selling to make their ROI back). That was the last time BTC was ~$4-5... GG life, GG...
@_date: 2019-06-19 08:25:02
Buyin stuff still counts as a sale for tax reporting... Only way to not (legally) pay taxes is to never use your BTC.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:03:32
Which they do with money from taxes...
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:41:37
There are many 3rd parties that offer OTC arrangement. Many of which everyone agrees to the contract and the coins are sent within hours or a day of final contract signing. There may be an earnest fee required (so if you back out, the other party gets paid something for the inconvenience). You can ask around for quotes, or you can make an offer/: "I want to sell 100 BTC for $1 million", which implies a $10k coin, even though market may be at $9600. If someone takes you up on that, then you're good, else you wait.
@_date: 2019-06-29 23:26:14
This is obviously in relation to me. People give things value, and I have none to give for MZN. I don't want a free 1k MZN cuz it has no value to me. It's too much effort to figure out what to do with it. You can't argue something that's subjective...
@_date: 2019-02-23 02:39:11
Let them try. Their ideas aren't completely worthless (else their coins would go to zero). For some, it's worth holding onto. As long as they don't self destruct, it wouldn't necessarily be a bad idea to turn some BTC into BCH, given that it's one of the more well founded coins (along with a couple others), and it raises in ratio faster than BTC typically does. There's nothing stopping you from using alt coins to increase your stake in BTC. In the meantime, all development done provides the crypto community with additional information/knowledge for the future. If BCH's Avalanche 0-conf feature causes inadvertent chain splits because of a race condition (mind you, I only recently heard of this and don't fully understand it), that knowledge is useful to the entire community at large. There's still purpose in other chains, forks &amp; coins. The best one will win, and the more times "shitty" ones burn people (shitty in terms of pure scam from the start), the more they'll turn to dependable crypto, strengthening them.
@_date: 2019-06-25 00:21:37
They are advertising BTC as "Bitcoin Core", which it is not. BTC is Bitcoin, it's reference client is called Bitcoin Core. BCH is Bitcoin Cash (to which they've called it "Bitocin" in the past), and it's reference client is Bitcoin ABC. For a while, they were selling BCH as "Bitcoin". I'd call that scammy, even if you think what they're doing now is just misleading...
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:36:27
Fun fact: Ive never bought bitcoin... only sold... =(
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:20:38
You need to make the distinction between 21m coins which is the max that will ever exist, and the market is seeing effectively greater than 21m coins, which could quite easily exist if custodial institutions arent kept in check. There will never be more than 21m in actual existence, but if people dont hold their keys, then 30 individuals could all hold 1m bitcoin on coinbase. Everyone thinks they have real bitcoin, which affects the market, but doesnt change real supply.
Edit: didnt answer OP, my bad. Cash settled influences the market without touching bitcoin, effectively creating/holding bitcoin. This is artificial supply/demand.
@_date: 2019-04-23 14:28:49
I definitely agree with all that. I remember just a couple years ago, a city did some sort of firearm-based ban/search/inspection something, and police forces across the city/state came out publicly and said they wouldn't enforce it. I don't think it ever ended up passing, but it certainly proves that people aren't going to 100% follow all the laws regardless of their context. That said, firearms are a huge deal in the US. Bitcoin isn't (yet). Harsh legislature this early on could spell disaster, that might not kill it for the rest of the world, but would certain have a major effect. Countries also tend to be more willing to jump on bandwagons as they form, so the US (seen as a becon of freedom) banning Bitcoin could be enough for other countries to follow suit. I'd certainly agree it's more thought-experiment than reality, but it's also a real possibility, however small the chance. This becomes exponentially harder as it increases in popularity, where it's seen as tyrannical as you say. We aren't there yet.
@_date: 2019-04-22 22:15:57
Try selling 1 million USD worth on LBC (which does KYC now I thought?) and see how that goes...
@_date: 2019-02-13 21:55:24
If I had 100 BTC sitting in a single wallet and we started seeing prices go up (or if I believed prices would go up), I'd start splitting that into multiple smaller addresses, so that if anything got compromised, it wouldn't be the whole pot, but only a portion. 4 25-btc wallets would work for the time being, until you wanted 20 5-btc wallets if Bitcoin hit 100k... You're just dividing up your losses/compromises slightly, provided you retain a strong way to retain your keys/password (n of m, approvals, etc).
@_date: 2019-12-23 12:21:29
If you have to ask this, youre cost averaging wrong. Just buy and forget about the price - thats the purpose of cost averaging. Youll win some, youll lose some, but it doesnt matter if youre cost averaging.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:41:10
Very true, and good point. The "nothing" I was referring to was the invested time/money. You've lost a good portion of it to an illegal project that will have very limited practical uses due to its illegality. You're right that Bitcoin doesn't change because of this. The biggest point I was trying to make is that Bitcoin being practically useful in day to day life *is* affected by laws. It's existence isn't, it's function isn't, it's purpose isn't. But just because it doesn't change doesn't mean you can still buy a cup of coffee at your local cafe (unless you make the illegal sale to someone who pays for your coffee, which most people won't do).
@_date: 2019-06-28 05:31:02
My apologies, yes. When I say "sell at the end of the year", I mean sell off any coins you've held onto for more than a year so they're long-term gains. The reason for selling at the end of the year is so you can add up all your income &amp; essentially do a rough calculations of your tax position. If you try to do this method in June, you may end up getting a promotion or doing a side gig that'll bump you out of the lowest bracket. The point is to get in the lowest bracket and then realize long term capital gains up to that bracket level.
I don't have the exact numbers off the top of my head, but let's say the lowest bracket is 70k. If you earn 55k in the year, contribute 3k to a tax deferred (Traditonal IRA) retirement account, you then have 70-55+2=17k of wiggle room until you hit the next bracket. So, you sell off your oldest coins (long term gains) until you realize ~15-16k in capital gains (undercut it a little so you don't have to pay extra taxes). You'll probably need to file an extra quarterly tax payment with the state (some states don't mind if you file your taxes by Feb/Mar), but you should be able to realize ~15k in capital gains (federal) tax free.
Do this for a couple years, and that $9k Bitcoin you bought will have a cost basis of $60k when you go to sell it. You'll get to see all $60k virtually tax free at that point, in one lump sum.
@_date: 2019-06-05 01:56:18
You could do that, but LBC just stopped their in-person trades, so you may have a hard time finding another method that does t require ID.
Is your biggest issue with ID just that you're 17?
@_date: 2019-12-26 23:40:48
Supply in this instance involves a number of coins, X, that are put on the market any given day to be sold. Despite the monetary base (number of bitcoins in circulation) inflating, the supply remains fixed (all else being equal). Each day, X coins are being sold. As the block reward halves, there are fewer produced each day, so when X used to be A + B (A is random sells, B is block reward), its now less due to a lower B. If A increases enough (due to a recent ban, for instance), then the supply still remains the same. The same number of X coins are being supplied to the market each day. In reality, many coins freshly mined have to be sold off for electricity costs, which means that when B cuts in half, X tends to go down, hence a decreasing supply (again, despite an inflating number of coins in circulation).
@_date: 2019-12-17 02:09:33
This model (without tokens) is already being done through peer to peer lending. The idea is that you buy $50 or $100 of someones loan, with the hope that theyll pay you back. If you diversify and buy enough different peoples loans, youll earn more in interest than youll lose in defaults (hopefully). Using tokens eliminates the need for a central account authority that youd go through, but everything else remains functionally the same. The issue with distribution is its very difficult to get real life data on borrowers, unlike the p2p lenders who can pull credit histories and provide censored data (no SSN, etc) to the investors. Its additionally difficult to secure physical assets as collateral and enforce it across multiple owners without a trusted 3rd party.
I suppose a hybrid system could work - central verification with token issuance so investors only need the central authority to get setup. Seems like a lot of effort for not much gain, since youll still need a central source.
@_date: 2019-12-05 20:10:25
I really hope its not the case that everything is on a blockchain of some sort in the future... theyre painfully inefficient compared to regular/relational databases. Somethings could benefit, but the vast majority of data would be better off without blockchain technology.
Thats not to say that the way data is stored currently is good, just that its more efficient.
@_date: 2019-02-27 05:27:38
I appreciate you citing the case file - being on mobile makes it a little difficult to do. I'd also agree that forks aren't quite analogous to the finding of cash in a piano, which is why I provided the 2nd scenario. It seems a bit more fitting, as they both deal with receiving an asset that has value, rather than receiving cash. In both cases, the receiver may not even want what it is they got, but they're still required to pay taxes on the fact that they got it.
I like the analogy of the cherry tree, although I have a question on the final part. Obviously a sale of the cherrys would be taxable. But would eating them yourself be taxable? One could argue that you're using the tree to earn an "income" of sorts because you're deriving all your meals from this cherry tree. That's like being given a shopping cart with all your meals necessary for the year in it. Getting something like that would surely count as income, so I would assume that any value you derived yourself from this tree would also be seen as income. Let's suppose you cut down these cherry trees and built a house. Do you not count the lumber obtained (assuming a 0 processing cost) as "income"? It's a bit weird to think of, but you are getting some value from it (and the government loves getting their share of anything you get any share of). I assume that you'd have to make the case that whatever value you derived from the lumber made from this tree would be offset by the actual costs sunk into makin it. Effectively meaning it cost you $30 to make a $30 piece of lumber, which means it's net income is 0. Is that along the right path of thinking? Or am I barking up the wrong tree?
Ultimately, in this instance, someone might be able to make the claim that since your coins moved on a fork'd chain, you utilized the value of those coins, and therefore have to realize that income you took advantage of. If the coins never moved on that chain from when the split occurred, I could see this argument working. However, if down the road your fork became worth something, you'd have to back pay all the taxes to the date you got it, right?
@_date: 2019-02-28 00:50:25
So, having $10k worth of BTC on a foreign exchange is enough to trigger this form?
I'd assume you could get the info by contacting their support email... Might take a week, but wouldn't hurt to start now, and keep looking in the meantime.
@_date: 2019-02-14 22:06:07
Fuck, no kidding.
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:52:39
If its not for you, then move on. Theres no point wasting our time trying to explain how that can be wrong on so many levels. Hopefully it never is, but with central banks going crazy (such as their interest rates recently), I fear we may be in for some rough time ahead. Crypto serves the communities that need it most, you just havent seen a need for it yet. On boarding is rough, but its getting better day by day. Computers were the same back in the day. Cars were the same back in the day. All technologies have their rough start, but eventually find a place where they belong (or no one has a need for them and they die out). Time will tell with bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-13 01:57:10
No... They're worth ~$20... You can't claim somethings valued at a price now for the exchange rate back then. You can make the claim that "if he held, he would have had $36m today", but that's it. If you spend Bitcoin on something, that something's value doesn't change. The opportunity cost of selling the coins can, and you'll lose out on that if you don't spend &amp; replace.
@_date: 2019-12-05 15:45:32
The idea is not really about bitcoin in leu of blockchain, but rather to counter the idea of were excited about blockchain technology, but bitcoin can go die quietly in a corner for all I care.
The reason why theres a difference is because bitcoin implements the censorship resistant, disinflationary, security, decentralization, etc, all on top of blockchain. None of those are inherit in blockchain alone. I can create a USD Coin, where I issue new money when I want (liking decentralization, killing disinflationary), and I can decide which transactions I like (killing censorship resistance) because Im the only miner, etc. The coin defines the parameters, blockchain is how its delivered to the end users.
Saying blockchain, not bitcoin is like saying lets use this horribly inefficient method of record keeping because its hip &amp; trendy, but well use the same old archaic methods of monetary control, just wrap it up in some new fancy tech words. Its just stepping backwards due to the inefficiencies associated with blockchains.
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:58:50
I, personally, dont want shitty government run anything backed by bitcoin. They can go off and create their own GovCoin, issue its out, and Ill watch it burn like everything else while holding BTC on its own.
I dont know where you get the idea that anything will be issued on Bitcoin, nor what that means exactly. Sources?
@_date: 2019-04-27 05:15:25
If you run faster, it'll be &gt; 1x... Just sayin...
@_date: 2019-12-03 15:35:00
Wow, a lot here.
First off, no, I dont know who the user is/was, nor do I have time to go through their post history, but you dont seem to have much better to do. From the few posts you have here on this thread, you dont seem to be popular, but your history could prove otherwise - doesnt mean that you arent wrong here. Ill respond to a persons immediate post rather than saying oh, by browsing through all their other posts, theyre clearly an intellectual, so Ill let this post full of nonsense just slide then. I honestly dont have the time nor energy to bother with anything you or anyone else has said elsewhere, because its not relevant.
If you choose to define most people as only those on r/Bitcoin, you might need to get out more. His statement wasnt most people here, which Id agree meant either the forum or the thread, but just a very general most people.
Not sure why youre bringing politics into this, but Im pretty sure Trump doesnt know what he means most of the time... To your point though, I take it as a those of concern. Presidents are of no concern to Africa. Bitcoin is. If we want bitcoin to be global, our audience is global. That means everyone. Theres a big difference.
I know what point I was arguing, but Im not sure you do.
Must be an alt account. Gotem!
@_date: 2019-12-03 19:49:32
I am calling out you for your moronic comment, whatcha think Im doing? The other dude is overly enthusiastic, probably to the point of mild delusion, but who cares? You are the one who attacked him, I was calling out your statements.
Yes, I am new to reddit, which is why I dont know how to make appropriate replies. I dont post terribly often, and this is only my 20th account (I just remembered the password long enough to set it in my browser or something).
You seem very angry (at least your post is coming across that way) for no apparent reason. You g out immediately upset at someones definition of most people which I said was also my definition, and now youre calling me names
I would say most people dont know of bitcoin and most people who do know, also dont know of the basics. My grandparents know of bitcoin, but have no idea how it works or why its different than PayPal (or probably what PayPal is to begin with, but thats beside the point).
I felt like standing up for my definition from someone who got overly angry and upset (who then resorted to character attacks). Im not standing for him nor his comment, just *my* definition of all people. Youre attacking my definition based on his comment.
Time is only wasted on irrelevant comments. Your direct reply (while nonsense) is still relevant. What you posted about in r/butthurt isnt.
@_date: 2019-04-14 23:00:24
It still says: "Price: $5.087,33"
@_date: 2019-12-17 02:15:02
That doesnt happen until the difficulty change, which could take as long as 4 weeks (and even then, I dont think 50% change is possible, since the absolute delta is limited). These guys are specifically talking about the time until then. With half the hashrate just gone, blocks take 20 minutes, delivering half the coins per hour as before, despite everyones relative hash power doubling. Everyone earns exactly the same (although it would probably be greater, as blocks would fill up with higher fees, but those are still fairly negligible). It isnt until the difficulty adjusts that the remaining miners would see actual relative share increases (theyre no longer 50% of 100%, theyre 100% of 100%, and are getting more profit).
@_date: 2019-02-26 04:49:17
Just pointing it out. Many here are of the mindset that crypto makes them immune from tax laws and "good luck getting anything from me", and it creates a bad image for the community. As Bitcoin becomes more mainstream, the era of underground &amp; anonymous purchases are slowly going away. We'll still have base privacy, but there will always be ways to link identities to wallets eventually.
@_date: 2019-04-27 05:11:27
Since Bitcoin is property, can you file an insurance claim? Wouldn't hurt to try...
@_date: 2019-12-23 12:18:21
You subdivide further. Just cuz theres only 8 decimal places currently doesnt mean that we cant add more... you already have ~~10~~ (edit: **11**) decimal places on lightning network, and as the price approaches the area where a single satoshi is worth a significant amount, newer technologies will natively support additional subdivision.
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:40:36
Not true. The first 4 letters are unique enough to figure out what the full word is, but that's not really necessary. Each first 4 letters is designated a binary digit, which, together, creates the keys &amp; checksum.
The last couple of words are the checksum for the entire key.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:03:29
No need for pool interactions, its all self declared. You just say I earned X amount at Y cost basis. Theres no distinction between bitcoin earned through mining or as a job or anything. Its just income.
@_date: 2019-04-26 04:13:00
It's only mandatory on first setup, but after initializing, you'll never need it again (assuming you don't initialize it again).
@_date: 2019-12-28 16:06:25
If you have to fill out the form, you have to answer the question.
The IRS has said nothing about its ability to transact business in, only that its property. Unless they create a new category of assets called cryptocurrencies, its property.
Slippery slope. Ive already made my point clear. If you want to willing go along with it until were the next China, thats on you. Any additional question that isnt relevant is an encroachment on privacy. Purchasing isnt taxable, and has no reason to be included in reporting your taxes. Anyone trying to hide anything is just going to say no anyway, so it doesnt do anything to affect those hiding. Laws dont affect those breaking them.
@_date: 2019-04-22 05:11:38
Laws can't destroy Bitcoin completely, sure, but they can certainly push it off into compete obscurity... Then you're left with nothing...
@_date: 2019-04-21 12:56:50
Why not both? I use fingerprint to unlock &amp; launch apps, then have a pin/password prompt afterwards. I also have an emergency action that auto restarts my phone that's inconspicuous, which disables fingerprint ID.
Edit: or do this:
@_date: 2019-04-14 04:31:38
It's not unenforceable as long as you intend to get some physical good for your Bitcoin. If you simply want to shift it around in wallets online, yeah, no one can stop you, but you'll want to unload some at some point for your lambo, and that's when you'll get detected.
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:55:20
Robinhood sells a piece of paper that claims to have the same value as bitcoin, not that it can be exchanged for bitcoin. With custodial wallets (all exchanges), youre buying actual bitcoin (or their paper equivalent thats worth bitcoin). With robinhood, youre buying a stock that should have the same price as bitcoin, but has literally nothing to do with bitcoin other than its name.
@_date: 2019-12-23 23:26:54
Or stocks, or bonds, or ETF shares, or gold certificates, or any number of other things that we already have existing in our financial markets. When people get into bitcoin, itll be just another stock for them (at least initially). After they move on from bitcoin as an investment and more into bitcoin as a money, theyll still keep it in services like PayPal, Venmo, etc... nothing changes. Gotta keep up the not your keys, not your coins education and continually iterate on the onloading process and user experience so individuals will be encouraged to hold their own keys and take personal responsibility.
@_date: 2019-12-29 07:51:08
USD is deflationary respective to technology, but I still see people line up to buy those 80 4K displays the moment they hit the shelves. Non discretionary spending will occur regardless, but you cant argue that frivolous technology is anything but discretionary spending (which is what youre arguing will stop because its priced in a deflationary currency... but doesnt).
The problem is that we cant trust the government (fun fact: the government doesnt issue money) with the nations money. Double whammy here.
Only reason why bitcoins value would increase would be because people were fleeing away from USD into bitcoin, meaning the USD was worthless. Again, kind of a whammy for your proposal.
You also havent explained what your proposed system is. How is USD backed by bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-04-22 22:14:54
This argument makes no sense. BTC is only worth what it's worth (and the hassle to convert it to other things it's worth) at the moment. You wouldn't sell your car for 1 BTC ($5300 currently, but which'll go to a million dollars one day), when you could get $6000 cash for it today. That $6000 could easily buy you your 1 BTC and then some. Going the other direction is also true, but against BTC's favor. If I want to sell my car for $6000, I may ask for $6,200 worth of BTC, because of the extra hassle/fees in converting it into other things I want (like another car, or food at McDonald's). As BTC adoption grows, it's less of a hassle to convert, thus the gap closes.
This can be said of anything though. I'm not gonna barter my car for anything less than $7k in other goods, because then I have to sell or trade those other goods for what I really want.
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:26:41
Intrinsic value isnt something I agree with, but the idea is that its a thing/feature of a good that is inherit to it that gives it usefulness. Electricity consumption isnt intrinsic. Its distributed, censorship resistant, yadda yadda, is its intrinsic value.
What youre thinking of is something (cant remember the exact name) about the cost value of goods, meaning that a good is valuable because of the resources used to create it. I dont particularly like this theory either, but its one model of economic valuation of goods.
Gold has been valued for its rarity. The fact you can make pretty things with it lets you use your investment. The fact that its not under every rock is what gives it value (at least thats one model anyway - there are many others).
@_date: 2019-12-27 22:25:58
Foreign bank accounts are fiat, not property. This question is the same as asking if you bought any stocks or not.
I dont agree with your suggestion that merely owning crypto is the same as attempting to hide income or capital gains. Thats the same ideology as only criminals use cryptocurrencies.
Edit: additionally, mandatory buybacks is still the same as confiscation. If I dont have the choice to keep my crypto, then it cant be anything but confiscation.
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:47:35
Lookup the stock-to-flow models. Lots of support for them around here.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:09:41
I would disagree on it being the combo. I regularly highly recommend Ledger + Electrum. If it had to be Ledger + Ledger, Id hesitate more.
The hardware has no reliance on the company once you have a functioning device. Once you can generate a seed and sign transactions, youre golden and never need Ledger again. Takes all of 30 seconds. I cant quite recall if the ledger ships with firmware already, but I believe it does, which means that as long as you get a device (ignoring supply chain tampering), youre good.
Software sucks, so dump it and pick up something like Electrum, so no reliance there.
@_date: 2019-04-19 14:34:08
I assume you were sending from the exchange to the wallet generated (not stored on) your nano. If this is the case you don't even need your nano to receive Bitcoin. The Bitcoin don't go to your device. The device simply holds he passwords necessary to spend the Bitcoin stored on the public blockchain.
You don't need your nano plugged in at all to receive Bitcoin, and you only need it plugged in just long enough to confirm the transaction when sending. Once you sign the transaction and it's broadcasted out to the network, you can unplug your nano.
Your 24 word seed words are used to restore the nano. Alternatively, they can be plugged into Electrum or another similar wallet to restore them in an emergency, but it's highly recommended you don't type these words into your computer.
On a very basic level, yes, you ask the ledger software (or any other wallet compatible with hardware wallets, like Electrum) for your public address. It'll generate and display one for you, which you can write down and use later or multiple times. I will generate a handful of addresses and provide 1 to each exchange and never end up changing them. There isn't really any downside to showing everyone your public address other than they'll know which account is yours and how much Bitcoin you have on that account. This may let them make assumptions about other accounts you have, and possibly determine which set of addresses belong to you. This doesn't let them steal anything or do anything else compromising - it's just knowledge.
In terms of long term storage, you're pretty much set. Generate an address on the nano, store it somewhere safe (that's not next to your seed words), give the address to the exchange, send coins. You can see on a block explorer that the coins have moved, and that's good enough.
There are many approaches to this method of safe spending. I use a variety to suit my needs. I have web wallet access from my phone for day to day cheap stuff, and top it up from my nano. The nano itself has only a little more than the web wallet by default, but uses a 25th word passphrase. This 25th word lets me hold my main cold storage coins in a place less accessible by thieves. If I'm forced to reveal what I got on my nano at gun point, I'll give up my unprotected coins and let the robber think he got away with all my holdings.
Using fake numbers, here's how I'd store substantial holdings: 5 BTC on nano with passphrase -&gt; 0.5 BTC on nano without passphrase -&gt; 0.05 on web wallet for daily spending.
There are countless ways you can do this, so I encourage you to continue to experiment around until you understand how this all works. And if you play around with the passphrase stuff, instead of sending coins, just look at the addresses it gives you. If you generate the exact same address, you know you've put in the exact same passphrase (up until the address is used, the software will keep providing the same address over and over to you).
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:03:08
And who's gonna voluntarily contribute? The poorest areas are gonna have the shittiest roads, regardless of contributions, just because they won't be enough. It's already bad with schools...
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:43:36
Never claimed that is was just the blockchain, only that they are codependent. I also pointed out you can have *a* blockchain without Bitcoin, but not Bitcoin without the blockchain.
@_date: 2019-02-11 01:52:53
Great example with the MMO. I'd like to think that I work with above average intelligence coworker's due to the career field I'm in, and they certainly show it from time to time, but even amongst them, the "look what I took all this time to make myself" mentality is strong with a few of them when they could have farmed for 30 minutes to buy one off the market.
Those are fair points, and I have acknowledged that there are other benefits to mining as apposed to buying, but I didn't particularly address them. Having coinbase coins is neat, as is the ramping up of a hobby. Seeing something you built up and are using to contribute to the security of something you're interested in is cool, but as is the case with the MMO example, there is a threshold where you're sinking way too many resources to justify a return. For OP, the profitability threshold seems to be most important, considering he's approaching it from a business perspective. When I decided to ramp up my hobby, I did some quick back of the napkin math and went balls to the wall. It worked out, more or less, in the end, but I certainly wasn't running it as a business, especially when first setting up.
Either way it's all personal preferences and what you want to do. At the end of the day, you just have to justify it to yourself/significant other, armchair neckbeards be damned.
@_date: 2019-02-14 22:14:44
Can't really hack a centralized currency... The owners just hit CTRL-Z and all your efforts were in vain...
@_date: 2019-12-25 22:55:27
Im surprised more massive companies (like amazon) arent jumping on this. Do you know how much bitcoin address correlation to address/person is worth? Amazon could make a killing selling that data to block researchers. I would be surprised if Microsoft didnt do this (especially given how much they love logging everything you do on windows).
@_date: 2019-12-17 02:03:14
Or... banks continue to exist and protect consumers from themselves by holding their bitcoin (and allow them to earn a pretty penny on their deposits), which is then loaned out to individuals for whatever... like the current system we have in place. Bitcoin allows individuals to be their own banks, but doesnt eliminate the current system. Well still have fractional reserve lending, itll just completely collapse if theres a bank run, rather than having a central bank bail everyone out.
@_date: 2019-06-25 18:34:10
It only has value because people find it valuable. Any item can have value if someone finds value in it. The point is that the 1% figure is being compared to the entire world's population, not out of those who own Bitcoin, or even those who have access to Bitcoin. It's an absurd metric.
@_date: 2019-04-30 06:09:20
Drexel is more expensive than a hammer &amp; stamp set. And could be harder to read/write depending on your dexterity.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:15:59
Potentially, but I doubt that... I think it's possible for BTC to hit $1m and not have the complete collapse of the world's economy (cuz if the US goes, we're taking everyone else with us - to a lesser degree, but it's gonna hurt everyone).
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:25:56
My "makes no sense" was in reference to the "do you take this valuable asset or do you let a profitable trade go by" comment. It doesn't matter what units you're trading in, Bitcoin, fiat, cars, diamonds, it's still a barter of some kind. The easier "asset" of some kind to re-barter out of would be fiat, since its directly accepted (legally required to be accepted) by everywhere else. The other "assets" have varying degrees of convertibility &amp; value.
In terms of accepting BTC, I'm all for it, but it's no more valuable than its current valuation. Your statements seemed to imply accepting BTC because of some inherit value over waiting to accept cash (as an example - you didn't specify what to trade for), which I disagree with.
You also seem to think I'm arguing against anything related to Bitcoin, which I'm not. I'm merely arguing for a continual/instantaneous evaluation of the value of a commodity (BTC in this case) compared to the value of what you have to offer, rather than some perceived figure value of the commodity.
I'd also argue that paying back a coworker in cash is easier now than trying to explain what bitcoin is and why they should care. Maybe in 20 years when everyone is using crypto, but for the time being it's easier to hand over a $10 and move on. Also, I avoid crypto for online purchases due to lack of consumer protections given to me by CCs. Easier? Kinda tied with how integrated CCs are into society, but it definitely loses on the safety side (especially considering I'm not liable for any fraudulent charges).
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:32:55
He said "You know they are worth $1 millions now", which I took to mean that "you know they will be worth 1 million" (trying to read around the skewed, but not quite broken, English), not as "Let's assume, for sake of argument, that Bitcoin is worth $1 million currently..." But price doesn't matter. You're still getting the same purchasing power for your goods, proportional to the overall purchasing power of 1.0 Bitcoin. It doesn't matter if you're getting 10 Bitcoin, 1 Bitcoin or 0.000001 Bitcoin, it'll still buy you $100 worth of groceries. My example just explicitly defined prices to provide a new starting point regardless of where OP tried to start.
It wouldn't be bartering if Bitcoin were classified as money/currency, but that's not the case, and not likely to be the case for the foreseeable future. But if it does come to pass, you're right.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:14:47
Federally, yes, up to a point (somewhere around $80k married). After that, you pay federal taxes on capital gains. And then you have state taxes on top of that, and I'm not aware of any states that have no capital gains tax (know many that have no income tax, but not gains - correct me if I'm wrong).
Sure, there's nothing wrong with just paying for stuff and ignoring taxes... Just hope you never get audited, or businesses aren't forced to give up customer lists for those who pay in Bitcoin (as Coinbase has). It's just tax evasion, and happens all the time. Not getting caught is the hard part...
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:20:37
It works while it works until it doesnt.
@_date: 2019-04-21 06:38:18
Your fingerprint ID is not legally safe. No one can coerce you to reveal a pin or password, but courts have determined that fingerprints don't have the same degree of protection. If all you need is a fingerprint, the government can legally take your prints and unlock your phone &amp; whatever else they can get hold of. Always use a pin or password (not necessarily exclusively) for crypto apps.
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:34:32
A hard, set number is going to be inaccurate, but lookup capital gain taxation rates. Those in the lowest brackets pay 0%, which can further be offset with tax-deferred contributions (IRA/401K - it should be noted youre offsetting income, not additional gains). You can technically realize up to some $40k gains filing single (where the guy gets his number), but it assumes no income &amp; no contributions (or contributions equal to income) This goes up to $80k if filing married jointly. This is all for federal, long term capital gains. Only issue is that every state Ive looked into still takes a cut (even no income tax states).
This can effectively let you roll forward your crypto, raising the cost basis year after year, turning your $10k investment into a $200k investment without paying federal taxes (as long as you wait 366 days, fall in appropriate tax bracket, etc). Ultimately it means you can sell your $10k crypto at $200k without massive gains.
@_date: 2019-12-03 15:38:50
True, but were talking explicitly price inflation wide to the line Bitcoin priced in fiat. In this regard, were ignoring the temporary monetary inflation (to be disinflation/deflationary), and taking about bitcoin exclusively as a valued good - hence its inflationary when its price increases.
@_date: 2019-04-10 13:42:12
So far... Even despite quantum entanglement's effects being instantaneous across vast distances, we're still limited by the speed of light in sending the supplementary data necessary to get meaningful data out of the entangled pair.
The ultimate goal will be to see if we can influence an entangled pair to behave in a predictable way, which would allow FTL transmission. So close, yet so far...
@_date: 2019-04-21 06:47:47
Good math.
There actually are benefits to running multiple instances of either Bitcoin core and/or lightning.
Not only could you run multiple versions for testing or consistency checking (makes you not vulnerable to a bug that causes a chain split - albeit this is highly unlikely), but each can be configured slightly differently. I run 3 core clients, connected through 3 different VPNs into 3 different countries, and then back together to each other. This allows for anyone with IPs that block access to Germany to connect to my Russian server. Or anyone blocked from American IPs to connect to my German server.
You could do something similar with lightning, setting up multiple instances with dozens of channels and channels between each other to allow for a massive number of diverse connections. Each device has its own security, which means it splits your crypto pot into 5. If one gets compromised, you can save the other 4. Obviously this requires some setup and forethought, but it's possible, and probably a system I'd like to eventually setup.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:40:39
There will always be people who get around the laws... Are speeding laws unenforceable? No, you'll get tickets if you do, but they do keep the vast majority under control to some degree. Just because at least a single person can get around it, doesn't mean it's unenforceable.
The laws are enforceable, and they're also circumventable by those who are willing. The idea is that for the vast majority, wallets/addresses will be deanonomized. Governments will force businesses to conduct audits and keep records. Anyone/thing found not in compliance and they'll slap you with fees when they investigate.
Point is, it's very possible with Bitcoin as it is currently, and it's certainly enforceable. Anyone wanting to trade their Bitcoin for any substantial amount of goods without KYC is going to have to go well out of their way to do it...
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:41:23
Randomness has nothing to do with a mathematical combination. This graph will always be 100% true (assuming its correct, I havent run the math but the ballpark figures look close enough).
You are right in that poor PRNG is its own bag of worms... When you hack accounts and software, you arent breaking the math of the encryption, youre usually breaking the PRNG (password, etc).
@_date: 2019-12-30 02:44:09
Youre thinking like a bitcoiner, not a no-coiner. No-coiners dont want to deal with setting up a secure passphrase backup system, configuring a wallet, double checking addresses, etc. They dont want their computer security to determine how many coins they have or dont have (from wallet stealing, cryptolockers, clipboard hijacking, etc malware).
Additionally, custodians can offer insurance, which you cant get with all the hardware wallets in the world. Thats going to be huge for major institutions, especially given how much could be on the line for them.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:51:34
I didn't say that we didn't get virtual currencies right the first time, cuz there have been plenty of them. I'm saying maybe we didn't get Bitcoin right the first time. It's evolving over time, but there may be some undiscovered flaw that limits it in some way that is fundamental to how Bitcoin was built. I can't think of the scheme's name right now, but the Harry Potter themed crypto experiment (Mimble Wimble??) is really cool. The properties built into it make it incredibly easy to pack a lot of information into a very tiny space, unlike with Bitcoin. It may come to pass (and it may not) that we discover Bitcoin would have been better off had it been built like that, rather than what it is now. The point is, I'm open to the possibility that something else may come along and people end up shifting over to other projects.
I also never said that its replacement had to end in it being worthless. It's possible that Bitcoin won't be he P2P currency it was designed to be, but rather an easier to use P2P digital gold asset. Certain developments along the way are pushing us away from that (mainly lightning), but all I claimed was that I wasn't 100% sure on Bitcoin being the one and only. As I said, a subset of Bitcoins features (the P2P portion), could be offloaded onto other coins in the future.
Edit: These changes would take time over decades to fade in/out of usage. Changing entire systems of functions every couple of years is absurd.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:37:20
Oh I agree. I'm all for backed/physical delivery, but not everyone investing will be. They don't want to be responsible for $100million in this crypto thing they could easily lose permanently... They just want to profit off of it. As long as the current laws require 100% backing of physically delivered goods, then we're fine, but as soon as paper futures become popular, or the banks operate under their existing fiat reserve laws, then we've got the inflation.
@_date: 2019-06-30 04:50:06
Why you disrepectin' bro?
@_date: 2019-04-07 23:46:58
As others have said, most wallets do this, but it's a setting buried somewhere in the menus. Might take some diffing, but you can just google "&lt;wallet name&gt; change units"
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:12:35
Oof, wall of text... Had to break out my computer to respond to this one. Overall, well composed and thought out. No guarantees that my wall of text will be coherent, but I'll try - my mind goes through sentences twice as fast as my fingers can type.
1) I'll agree with everything here, with the exception about it being "no different than anything else out there currency wise". I'd argue that its no different than anything else asset wise. Any market is subject to manipulation. I don't particularly believe in "inherit value" (outside of water, a calorie source &amp; "shelter" from environment necessary for survival). If I don't have anything to dig, a shovel is worthless to me. If its made of gold and I have no use for gold, its also useless. Bitcoin is no different. If you have no use for it other than a speculative investment, then that's what its worth to you. Theres nothing wrong with that, and it would be preferable if the world continued developing in a way that it made Bitcoin useless, as it meant everyone was "behaving". However, there are all kinds of issues that Bitcoin solves that make it useful as a currency that other currencies can't do. Ultimately, there is a bit of a stop-gap/limit of sorts. If prices are being artificially manipulated (lets say an exchange is selling "ghost" coins to keep the price down), this can be detected by coin ownership. An exchange can't give out 1,000 coins owed to its customers if theres only 500 in the cold wallets. Exchanges are going to crash, banks are going to crash. Positive ownership of your coins will destroy bad actors unlike with fiat, where "mistakes" can be fixed by printing a shitload more and bailing out bad decisions. Bitcoin has the power to hold companies responsible for their bad actions.
2) I'd argue that fiat isn't necessary for taxation. Taxation can be done in any currency, as long as its on the books. If an audit reveals something isn't on the books and taxes weren't paid, it'd be no different than what we have right now. As far as VAT, specifically, goes, how is VAT collected now? I assume its by the companies that are selling the goods. In this case, nothing changes. VAT is collected as a fraction of the sale price based in Bitcoin rather than EUR. If the entire country operates on Bitcoin, then the only thing that changes it the $ before the number. The argument you should make here is the "inflation drives growth" argument, which I believe is valid. Not having the ability to control a fiat's inflation could lead to market stagnation and an overall decrease in demand for goods/services.
3) You're right, in that fiat -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; fiat doesn't make much sense (except in a handful of cases where the extra conversion fees are actually cheaper than using Western Union or something similar). However, the idea is that as time goes on and adoption continues its exponential trend, we'll get to the point that you won't have to convert fiat to bitcoin or convert it back to fiat. People are already able to "live on bitcoin", never touching fiat. They get paid in Bitcoin and buy goods/services for Bitcoin. This will only increase as time goes on. Its the Network Effect.
4) There is only 1 type of transaction fee in Bitcoin, and thats the "network fee" or "miner's fee", which is your unspent inputs that you're "donating" to the miners. Anything else is something completely separate from Bitcoin. The only one that matters is the on-chain and/or lightning/2nd layer fees for sending a Bitcoin transaction. If a middle man company wants to charge 2% for something that can be done for a handful of satoshis, they're welcome to do so, but it wouldn't make much sense business wise. Credit card companies make shitloads of money, so lowering their fees down from 3% won't make them bankrupt, there just isn't much incentive to do so. The beautiful thing about Bitcoin is that it doesn't require payment processors. Anyone can generate a wallet and send/receive Bitcoin, so they're completely optional (under the assumption that the Network Effect allows businesses to buy their supplies in Bitcoin as well). If you choose to use a payment processor, you're willing giving up 2% of your potential profits and/or charging more to your customers for the same goods/services. The other issue is that companies also raise their prices on goods to account for fraudulent activity. In many cases, if someone claims CC fraud, the customer gets their money back, the thief makes off with the stolen goods, and the businesses accepting Bitcoin are left holding the bag. As a business, it makes a lot of sense to accept to a form of payment that can't be reversed, forged or stolen (the ability to send Bitcoin means that mathematically you own the Bitcoin - whether or not you stole from someone else is unrelated). As a consumer, using CCs make the most sense, because you get the greatest protection from it. I think we'll start seeing businesses accepting Bitcoin and passing along CC "convenience fee" to those who continue to pay with CCs, due to their higher risk/costs.
5) I wholeheartedly believe with you in this one. Bitcoin won't survive in a sudden global collapse. Its only chance is to show up and slowly work its way into the existing system, side by side. Gradually over time, people will be fluently using both Bitcoin and whatever native currency they may be using, similar to choosing which credit card you use when getting gas. Do you use the one that gives 2% cash back everywhere, or the 5% per category one? Is it the right category for this month? Yes? Then thats the better deal. I suspect something similar needs to happen with Bitcoin if its going to be around long term. When people start to realize that their fiat is being decayed, thats when they'll slowly shift their "savings" to be Bitcoin and "checking" will be for their temporary fiat bills.
@_date: 2019-04-23 14:21:17
Just can't win with you, can I?
That's what I said (I've made a distinction between *the* (Bitcoin) blockchain and *a* blockchain in general - which you don't seem to have picked up on). Bitcoin and the Bitcoin blockchain are codependent, and saying "Bitcoin, not blockchain" is stupider than "Blockchain, not Bitcoin", since the later can happen as you said, while the former can not.
@_date: 2019-04-27 05:13:28
Oh god, so much wrong with this. If this is your alternate solution, keep it all on CashApp...
@_date: 2019-04-23 14:34:48
True, but it's a crypto "bank". Banks aren't going away, and a company that wants to accept crypto can have an atomic swap system that gives them tethers, which is easier for them to do what they want with than holding Bitcoin for an extended period of time and being subject to the volatility.
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:50:51
Yeah... bitcoin can be taxed... not necessarily in the traditional way, but the government will find a way to take its taxes. You gotta register that car and pay taxes then. Moat major purchase are setup in a way to automatically take taxes so they cant be gotten around.
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:44:55
True there can be a variety of income streams, but I would wager that most people wouldn't contribute willingly to that system, regardless of form.
I enjoy spending time volunteering (building/restoring parks is a personal favorite), but I've been working for 3-4 hours one day, and I see a family come out of their house to the park and sit down in it to watch the volunteers work, without helping. They are literally the people directly benefiting from our labor, but they provide nothing in return. This causes a large portion of stuff to be done on the backs of very few.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:59:05
Suck it up, pay your taxes to the best of your ability that you have guidance on, and be consistent. If you treat forks one way consistently, then until the IRS defines them differently, they can't fault you for their lack of guidance. As long as you're consistent, at worst, you'll have to amend past years... That's where I'm at after consulting a tax attorney, and ending up having to pay $14k in back taxes. But after this, I should be all caught up to legally spend all earnings/gains. Nothing else to worry about except future taxes.
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:38:36
We do agree on the exchange of something for Bitcoin being discounted for being desired, or inflated for being less desired. And you're right, about Venezuela.
I was using the definition of barter, which is: "the exchange of goods/services for other goods/services without the use of money." This is why bitcoin's classification matters (purely for language reasons, not for use/trade reasons). It's currently not classified as money by the US, so it's technically bartering (which is why we get the whole host of issues regarding capital gains calculations). Either way, I do think people will gladly accept it, regardless of its language definition.
@_date: 2019-04-30 06:08:44
If you use a laser cuter, you've got to load the memory of the device with your seed words, which defeats the purpose of doing the stamping/punching yourself. I'm not sure about laser cutters, but printers can remember thousands of the most recent printed documents before their memory gets overwritten... Unless you're not talking about laser cutters, then carry on...
@_date: 2019-04-22 10:27:43
You need both. This argument is just as retarded as "blockchain not Bitcoin". Probably more so, since this argument doesn't exclude some type of crypto (so you could have a blockchain with something other than Bitcoin), but yours removes a key/fundamental feature.
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:56:15
This is an idiotic analogy. Fiat is the rat - banks are businesses that happen to operate with fiat, but nothing stops them from using bitcoin...
This is like saying that vegan cheese is rat poison, and pizza shops are the rats... they literally have nothing to do with each other...
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:41:07
Right, which is why they're discouraged. Not your keys, not your Bitcoin. The problem is, from a financial perspective, controlling Bitcoin is incredibly risky. There are so many easy ways to lose access. Millionaires won't want to deal with this, and many would be comfortable trading their real BTC for those website 1's and 0's. That's what's gonna be dangerous if banks get involved to store Bitcoin (and potentially turn around and lend it back out).
@_date: 2019-12-29 07:43:01
Thats the point. Bitcoin prevents this. (*real* bitcoin, not just bits sitting on a website that represent what Coinbase thinks you have in your account)
@_date: 2019-04-10 13:52:51
Unless you're trying to spend a million all at once, in which case you are a crypto millionaire... Or if someone's actually watching your transactions, cuz then it would look like you're either buying immediately from an exchange or you're an idiot for keeping all your Bitcoin on an exchange...
@_date: 2019-04-27 20:04:21
I use another wallet for creating the transaction (Electrum), and then use the device for signing, not "validating the keys". The signature is done on the device itself, so any wallet that has the device's API implemented (this goes for any hardware wallet &amp; software wallet combo), can push a request to the device for signing.
I'm sure there are several software wallets that support hardware wallets, and I've heard rumors that the Bitcoin Core client will support them soon.
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:04:29
Certainly agree with this. It would be incredibly difficult to globally ban, but that's the power laws would have over Bitcoin if it were. Many treat Bitcoin as completely immune to laws, and that's just foolish thinking - specifically with regards to the day-to-day operations (I've already admitted Bitcoin itself won't change).
@_date: 2019-04-21 00:36:03
What was the recommended fee in sat/byte?
You can use RBF (replace by fee), if you sent the coins to your own wallet (you would spend the pending, incoming transaction with a higher fee so the 2 transactions get chained together).
You could also just do a double spend to the same receiving address, essentially creating a new transaction with the higher fee like what should have been done in the first place.
@_date: 2019-04-19 21:41:12
As the other answers have stated, yes. Your private key is the "password". It's what's needed to unlock the coins on the blockchain and tell the network you have permission to move them to another address. The only thing you need is the 24 words, and because of the standardization of the wallet software, that'll get you all your derived public/private keys. The wallets handle all this behind the scenes.
@_date: 2019-08-25 02:56:44
It's another hardware wallet. Just google it.
@_date: 2019-08-27 19:58:40
"and you remine the block" - explicitly not 0-conf and outside he scope of our entire conversation. I keep telling you that we're strictly taking 0-conf, and you keep bringing up rewriting blocks. I already agreed that the math gets more complicated once work is committed in the form of a valid block, and that your math begins to make sense then. But we are strictly an explicitly talking about non-committed, 0-conf transactions double spending non-committed, 0-conf transactions.
TX2 only (and explicitly only) replaces TX1 in the mempool. Never in a found block, as that's no longer 0-conf.
@_date: 2019-08-01 21:10:04
Immutability. You have a side chain that gathers 1000 transactions, hash all of them at once, publish that hash, and all 1000 side chain translations (or data sets, whatever) are then confirmed to be valid on the side chain.
@_date: 2019-04-27 20:00:08
That depends on perspective. The person running fast appears to slow down relative to the observer, but the observer speeds up from the perspective of the runner. So, if you want "time" to pass by faster for you (more "real time" elapses than you have to experience), then you run faster to slow your clock, relative to everyone else's.
A "viable" time machine would just accelerate you to near the speed of light for an hour, and in that time, the rest of the world would have experienced years. It only works forwards, and becomes greatly problematic when you realize the amount of energy required to reach light speed, but it's possible. Alternatively, I predict that once space travel becomes possible, we'll see services to take things/people into orbit around large masses (black holes, suns, etc) in order to "fast forward" them into the future.
@_date: 2019-04-23 16:09:18
While I can agree with you on concept, I'd still argue that it's just as dumb of a slogan when actually said. That fine nuance can't/isn't conveyed properly as a 1-liner, unlike something like "Not your keys, not your Bitcoin." This especially applies for uneducated populations. NYKNYB might not be understood by an uneducated (not dumb, they just don't know) person, but there's very little room for misinterpretation.
@_date: 2019-04-29 19:43:13
This is why CCs won't be going anywhere. I think there will be a time when companies shift away from them, but until then, CCs everywhere, every time for my own protection. Their profits be damned.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:49:32
Wow, you really don't get that do you?
While I don't believe exchanges will all dry up, they'll certainly evolve and won't be quite as popular as they are today. Just think of how many Forex exchanges there are compared to cryptocurrency ones. Or how many gold exchanges. I still think there will be a place for them ultimate end game though, but I otherwise agree with your first statement.
@_date: 2019-12-26 17:24:35
Back when... bitcoin was to be used as actual currency
For a currency to work, it must be stable
Pick one. Were in the most stable time period for bitcoin. How was it less stable in the past, but more of a currency, than it being more stable now, and less of a currency.
Also, just because bitcoin doesnt fit your (pic, not OP) specific use case, doesnt mean it isnt functioning as it should. If you dont like it, get out, you wont be missed.
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:19:11
True, but you're missing the point. The point isn't how much BTC you have, but what its purchasing power is. 1 BTC has always been 1 BTC, even back in 2009, but no one gave a shit about it, so it didn't have much purchasing power. If no one cares about Bitcoin, then it won't have any value and it won't matter how many coins you have. These kinds of arguments of "1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin so you should ignore its price" are dumb, because the same holds true for the USD over time. Its much easier to see how the idea of ignoring purchasing power is dumb when using USD vs BTC, since one has gone down while the other up. When you watch your purchasing power decline year after year, its much easier to say that 1 USD today != 1 USD tomorrow. I'm just saying that the same holds true for BTC.
@_date: 2019-12-26 23:37:09
Eventually, yes, but Im talking about more short term. Additionally, once difficulty decreases, relative electrical costs to down, and then more miners join, and then supply increases (again, temporarily).
@_date: 2019-04-15 05:36:04
See, there's the misunderstanding. I KNOW many people would be willing to pay $1 million for my pile of dog shit because that was the entire premise for this argument. You completely missed that. This all started with the hypothetical "if the community held value in dog shit, then it would be the defacto currency". Under that premise, it would be stupid to not sell your house for $1 million of whatever is accepted as the normal medium of exchange.
Back in the real world, yeah, no one would hold value in dog shit, but the point of the original poster is what could be used as the medium of exchange. Once upon a time, it was agreed that shells/beads held a certain value. You would find plenty of buyers for "$1m worth" of shells/beads, since they believed it had that value (I use "worth" in quotes because this would obviously predate fiat). The whole argument is that as long as the community finds value in something, it doesn't matter what that something is, it can be used as a medium of exchange. It may not be a very wise medium of exchange, and it may be destined to fail, but for a time, there is an agreed upon value for it.
@_date: 2019-04-22 18:12:51
Potentially true. I'm not dead set that we got it right the first time perfectly. I think Bitcoin will always have first mover advantage, but I also haven't ruled out the possibility that another crypto could eventually replace it (or replace a subset of what Bitcoin could be used for).
When most companies/entities say "blockchain" they're just using buzz words and they're meaningless. It should throw up a red flag for everyone.
@_date: 2019-04-09 23:20:25
A YouTube video of another YouTube video? Why?
@_date: 2019-04-22 22:17:47
Sure, but what does this have to do with crypto? Banks can do that for anything. Sell off some bonds? Freeze. Buy/sell stocks? Freeze. Sneeze? Freeze. As long as you followed the law and have proof, there's nothing the bank can do. Which means yes, paying taxes.
@_date: 2019-04-30 06:12:17
That's about the cheapest all-in-one you're gonna get. Good find.
@_date: 2019-04-15 01:14:29
So, if I trade a $100,000 house for $1,000,000 worth of dog shit (that I immediately liquidate for literally anything else), that's stupid? That's absurd thinking... It's literally the same as turning down $1 million worth of BTC offered for your cheap house, and I'd take that offer in a heart beat.
I can't think of any asset that exists where people have completely stopped selling it for another, but please enlighten me if you can.
I agree with you at the end of the day. Bitcoin will revolutionize a lot of things, but it'll be a bumpy ride. That all said, however, I don't foresee Bitcoin *only* being used to buy lambos or space flights (high value items). I see it gaining adoption for everyday use, similar to how credit cards or cash are. They can be used for big purchases, but also small ones. I think the biggest issue we'll have will be the deflationary aspect of Bitcoin, since I'm a beliver in inflationary currency encouraging spending.
@_date: 2019-04-28 12:23:40
I remember doing so many zero fee transactions in the past... Way back then, it was common to have exactly 1.0 or 2.0 BTC in an address. Can't do that anymore though, as a coworker found out... He bought exactly 1.0 on Coinbase, but I had to "lend" him some so he had enough to cover fees so he still had at least 1 BTC... Those were the days man...
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:38:55
This. I have a 2"x4" card with all 24 words, and 2 full height lines for extra text. It's just the words stamped into steel. For the $15 (not including the metal sheers, but they're $7 for a handheld unit, nor the anvil, but almost any hard surface would work well enough), I can make 20+ of these.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:59:17
For the crypto maket, sure... But crypto is still a tiny market currently.
As for the futures, I was specifically referring to those that claim you're buying/selling real Bitcoin, who could then credit your account with Bitcoin, either allowing you to withdraw/take delivery, or put back into the market. Essentially any time you have "Bitcoin" in your account somewhere, not necessarily futures exclusive.
@_date: 2019-04-18 00:10:45
Don't need privacy built into every 2nd layer if it's built into the base layer. Anytime settlement occurs on the base layer, you lose a bit of that privacy gained on the 2nd layer (not completely, but some).
@_date: 2019-04-01 01:25:22
I'll agree that future focus should be on lightning. I'm just saying the reasons for why I'd complain about BitPay (there are better alternatives) vs not complaining about lightning (there are no better alternatives).
When you've had steak for a while, eating ramen kinda sucks. If all you've ever drank was water, there isn't much to complain about, because you don't know how great some wine or soda (whatever your preference) would be. Once we discover those other drinks (better lightning implementations), then going back to water will suck, and people will complain.
@_date: 2019-04-22 22:05:56
The problem with selling paper bitcoins is that it creates inflation. This will happen regardless, but in cryptos, there are no bailouts. There's nothing to stop the bank/entity from not being able to pay out all debtors. If a bank run happens, people may lose a lot of hope in Bitcoin if all they know are that he bank "lost" theirs. Most people won't know it's not actually theirs. What they see when they log in is "actually theirs". This could also open the doors to "well, we don't have your Bitcoin, but the government is redeeming them for govcoin, so we'll issue the equivalent in those" pushing anyone crypto involved directly into their "safer" hands.
@_date: 2019-04-24 14:56:22
I can't run Bisq cuz it's incompatible with my setup of the core client or some other bullshit. I tried, desperately wanted to, but it hangs and fails to detect what it should. So I gave up. We need more development on it to make it a 1-button solution, like many of the other alternatives. Until then...
@_date: 2018-11-15 23:07:47
Satoshis are cancer to use. BTC base unit forever. Only plebs can't count 6 leading zeros.
@_date: 2019-04-22 05:07:37
Bitcoin was one of the worst performing asset classes in 2018... See? It's easy to pick out extremes when you're taking about something incredibly volatile... These posts are pure retarded click bait. This is the reason why people shy away from Bitcoin. "They just want me to buy it so they get rich." Fuck off.
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:20:57
Oh no, I certainly did. Underestimated my tax liability too, causing me to have to pull out of another investment sooner than I'd like. I'll be adjusting my calculations over the next couple years to account for that.
The point is, when you go through and say "I just made $16k in profit from selling these BTC (by means of trading for alts)", you also have to ask "what are my tax liabilities?" You then figure out what tax bracket you're in, approximate how much taxes you owe (which is where I underestimated) and then withdraw that amount of the investment instead of using it to buy crypto. The other 80-90% of your gains can be used for whatever at that point, as long as you remembered to sell off the 10-20% that you'll owe. Even in my case of underestimating, it still got me significantly closer to what I did owe than had I just not done it at all.
@_date: 2018-11-04 16:36:12
This. Although, it can get slightly complicated, as many exchanges traded cash/gold before their official forks, by crediting your balance on the exchange with how much cash/gold you were going to get at release time. If you had your coins on an exchange, you could claim this. If you had your coins on Coinbase before they added fork support, then you could claim that the price on the date that you got access to withdraw your funds was your cost basis, or whenever the fork happened. As long as it's consistent, and you can justify it somewhat logically if asked to, then you should be fine. Either way, it's income.
@_date: 2018-11-05 08:14:52
Not everything fits neatly into the box of "crypto is property", but it does so better than trying to make crypto fit into stock splits, or any number of other existing investment type things. One could just sit on their tax returns, ready to amend them once more details come out, but there comes a point where if you do that year after year, you'll eventually have to report something. Also, in theory, in order to spend crypto, you'd have to have reported crypto. If I cashed out w/e the reportable amount is through Coinbase (not sure what that number is or even if I'd qualify, but let's pretend), then you get reported to the IRS. If you have never claimed any Bitcoin, you may have an issue of proving where it came from. I believe the reportable amount to be non trivial ($10k?) so you'd have to explain where you got that. How well you can do that make keep you immune from penalties, but if your inter-wallet coins are easily traceable, it may bite you in the butt as tax evasion, not just not knowing how to file.
Untimately it's up to each individual. I personally chose to report what little bit I earned with mining, called it a business, then wrote off electricity &amp; the miners as business expenses. That won't work for everyone, but it worked for me. The same applies for the fork, since it's a whole new asset. Using best guess, I claimed it as income with a cost basis at market value when earned. Wasn't super fun to claim (paying USD taxes on crypto I haven't cashed out for USD), but it's done now, so I got a little piece of mind.
Reading through the report, I essentially followed it, except the step about claiming its cost basis upon receipt was 0. I claimed market price, but otherwise followed it. I would prefer to have claimed 0, since that means I get taxed capital gains instead of income, but we'll see how this shakes out. I might be able to appeal something down the line if they revise it while I "suffered" for taking a best guess at how I should have done it, but I'm guessing the government won't want to give up my money now that it has it... We'll see...
@_date: 2018-11-04 08:18:35
Consulting a tax lawyer, the 3rd option is the way to go. It's not a stock split and represents an entirely new asset given to you, and is therefore income. The price is loosely up to you, as you can choose the moment you could have exchanged it on an exchange or when the fork actually happened - as long as your consistent with other forks. Only other one I know of getting is gold (also income), since most other forks required opt ins or recent movement of coins that I didn't have.
@_date: 2019-01-28 06:14:06
"on chain transactions will never be free." Hits home hard... Last time I moved my BTC, it was free, and I had exactly 0.50 BTC in a wallet... Hurts me to see it at 0.49999 now... Those were the days....
OP: as others have said, there isn't much you can do at the moment other than try for when the mempool is low for a 1 sat/byte transaction. If I don't think something like shnorr is going to do much for you in terms of efficiency. It'll help a little, but not significantly - unless you have a giant load of outputs you're combining... I'm sure that someone has made a calculator for estimating transaction sizes, then you could do the math to see how much more efficient it would be if you waited.
@_date: 2018-11-04 08:29:06
So you sell your $20k worth of ether for $4k, claim $16k in capital losses to offset the $16k in capital gains (assuming same year). If he realized capital gains at $20k and didn't set aside money for taxes (or realize losses same year), that's his own stupidity. Any sale of crypto (and the IRS defines a crypto-crypto trade as a sale &amp; rebuy) creates a taxable event. Shoulda been smarter and not forgotten to pay his taxes.
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:32:52
Technically, I did:
I've got a coworker that I've got going through the same process, but I had him do the tedious work of stamping it himself, rather than doing it for him.
So, my family's copies aren't secure (except that 1 brother who decided to use some crazy 25th word/phrase that I can't remember anymore - his is secure) technically... But as long as you have the individual stamp it themselves (even if you dont use the encoding that I did with my setup), its a great cold storage solution - and one of the better ones that won't succumb to many of the pitfalls of these:
@_date: 2019-01-08 07:33:56
Can't stand using the passphrase on my Model T. It's retarded that I have to restart the device to use it, and the fact it remembers my passphrase on power off, which kind of defeats the purpose of a passphrase...
@_date: 2019-10-11 05:29:10
Ignoring the dumb analogy trying to take "airdrop" literally, just because you didn't ask for it doesn't mean you aren't benefitting from it - and any time you benefit, the government wants its cut. If you don't want the fork, sell it as soon as you get it and report what you made as income. You'll only be taxed on what your earned, as long as you don't hold it a period of time. If you suddenly discover a fork has some great value that came out of no where (think of one of the many shit forks of Bitcoin (not BCH/BSV, think less popular) that you suddenly realized has gone to $100/coin), you could go back and find your keys that would give you access to those forks. Since you're just now getting access to those alts, sell them and report income on what you made. Tracking every possible fork is not feasible for you nor for the IRS, so it's a "best effort" approach. As long as you gave it your "best effort" and keep documentation as best you can, you can usually get off without issues if it turns out you did things incorrectly.
@_date: 2019-01-27 17:53:35
If you increase optimizations and have batching, assuming you could double the transactions throughput, that's $5 a transaction. Another doubling and its $2.50 a transaction. As the technology develops, we'll find ways to get more efficient such that you could have 100 people each paying $0.01, which covers the "$10 per person fee". This problem will solve itself as we increase efficiency.
As far as lightning is concerned, imagine if your wallet set aside 0.1 cents for every transaction you created, which it then used to contribute to channel building or closing fees. Those 0.1 cents add up over time and many, many small contributions can easily pay for the larger fees required.
@_date: 2019-01-12 09:00:39
So, it sounds like you spelled out exactly what I was saying that I didn't want to fully spell out. As you (and I) said, as long as you don't make a transaction, your pubkey is not revealed, and the address you received coins to is just a meaningless string of characters. It's only once you spend that you reveal information. Thanks for spelling it out though!
@_date: 2019-01-01 05:41:55
What would this prove? All exchanges have money held up in cold storage, which means if there's an actual bank run, it'll take them a while to get to the withdrawals.
I actually kind of hope that everyone who makes a request on the 3rd gets put into a queue that'll lock up your funds from any trading until "the withdraw clears" and he exchanges take their sweet time getting around to pulling from their cold storage. It wouldn't be in the exchanges best interest, but it would be a bit of a sting for any traders who think they're being hip and trying to "teach the exchanges a lesson".
Don't get me wrong, I'm not a fan of the centralization of exchanges, since anytime it's not on chain, paper coins can and will be created. But we should encourage pulling the coins off as soon as you buy them, not trying to prove who knows what with a bank run. Not enough people will participate that it'll do anything, and as you two have mentioned, people are actively putting funds on exchanges or leaving them on there just to participate. Supporting exchanges that can provide audit information and encouraging personal responsibility should be what's encouraged.
@_date: 2019-01-27 07:27:57
This question is asking if you would want to become 10 years old today and keep all your knowledge, not go back in time 10 years or go back in time to when you were 10... This question is basically asking if you'd like an extra (YourAge - 10) years alive in your youth, albeit 8 of those years as a minor.
Edit: meaning you couldn't use Bitcoin as a get rich quick scheme.
@_date: 2019-01-30 19:22:02
1) Third parties are optional, not required.
2) It's foolish to think like OP. Taxes will continue to be demanded and those who avoid taxes will be punished.
3) Agree, which is why Bitcoin is pseudo anonymous.
4) This is one of the biggest drawbacks I have to spending BTC online. I want to have some power to demand the companies do right by me.
5) OP is taking about onloading, not necessarily every dealing with crypto one could possible do. You need paperwork when creating a bank account, but you don't need any to be your own bank account.
6) As bitcoin becomes more scarce, it's auto appreciating. If you own 21 bitcoin now, you'll own an estimated 1/1,000,000th of the network (assuming no lost coins &amp; full distribution). As time goes on, coins are lost/destroyed, and you could (in theory) own 1/500,000th of the network without actually getting any more actual BTC.
7) Agree =D
8) I agree with you for different reasons. I don't think it's so much about identity, since as you said, you do provide details to merchants, but I'm more concerned with wallet/card theft. Instead of handing over your entire wallet and asking the merchant to place nice and only take the right amount, I get to pull out the amount of BTC and hand it to them.
9) Immediate settlement happens in 2nd layer, while the first should be seen as more long term/permanent settlement. I'd agree that waiting 6 confirms for fast food doesn't make much sense, but lightning solves that with true immediately settlement within milliseconds. In the real world, amounts less than $5000 are easy enough to get by with 1 confirmation (highly unlikely to be reversed), and anything over $5k usually isn't an instant purchase anyway, so you've got plenty of time to wait. Lightning really solves this issue.
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:10:09
"Blockchains" existed as standard coding practice within programming projects long before cryptocurrencies. They're fairly inefficient, internally, by one of my first programming projects involved me creating C structs, linked together via pointers... You know, a block of data, chained together... What are those called again?
Nothing new was invented. This is just a particular (already existing) method for accomplishing a particular (new) programming problem (Bitcoin). This is like celebrating the invention of the wheel when we put them on cars. Wheels were useful before then, but you should celebrate their new use (the car).
@_date: 2019-01-29 01:21:17
I gave some to family, but had them stamp out their phrase onto sheet metal. If/when they feel the need, they can pick up a hardware wallet and load their phrase onto it. I figure by the time that happens, there will be several to choose from, and will be pretty cheap.
It currently doesn't make much sense to store $100 worth of Bitcoin on a $100 hardware wallet... I started them cheap, and provided them the knowledge to expand as their portfolio does.
@_date: 2019-01-31 22:42:23
That might actually become a legit thing. Making on chain transactions to secure existence as soon as you can.
@_date: 2019-01-12 08:52:22
The trezor remembers your last used 25th word 
, which means you have to intentionally turn it off in order to protect the device... The ledger goes back to a default, known state upon power off, and makes this situation far more superior. You can review your PIN under the $5 wrench attack, and claim ignorance about any 25th word, whereas the Tezor will betray you.
Also, instead of paper for your "paper wallet", stamp your 24 words into sheet metal... Coat it in plastidip as a "tamper proof" seal... Super survivable, and easy to make visible, but more difficult to do undetected.
@_date: 2019-01-31 21:33:28
Eh, this is slightly misleading.
1) You can only provide proof that they said it at that time, not that they said it first, or that it was even their own thought to begin with.
This would help in copyright claims. I can dispute that you don't own that book you published because I have an entire hash stored at an earlier time than you published your book... But what I didn't realize is that you also published a hash of the book you did write before letting me review it. Meaning my hash proof proves that I had the text before you published, and on its own, might provide enough evidence to win a copyright claim. However, this is undone the moment you prove ownership even earlier.
2) "They" being the owner of the address, not necessarily an entity. If CNN started signing every tweet they made, you could bet a million dollars as soon as they sign a questionable tweet, they'll claim they were hacked. Maybe they were, maybe they weren't. Them signing/posting doesn't guarantee ownership/belonging other than having the capability to sign.
3) This is true, although I wouldn't be surprised if the governments of the world all tried at some point or another. You can't regulate the blockchain, but you can regulate businesses. Just as US companies have to collect KYC, other countries could say "you can mine here for cheap power, but you have to refuse to mine coins going to/from this blacklist of addresses". Because everything is open, just monitoring the blockchain will tell you if the miner is breaking the rules when you know what blocks they mine.
@_date: 2019-01-09 07:06:09
This is highly rough and dumbed down, but imagine this:
When you send Bitcoin to an address, you're sending it to a string of meaningless characters. These characters don't actually mean anything in and of themselves. However, to spend that coin, you use your private key, create &amp; sign a transaction and then publish it. Everyone knows what address you're sending from because the public key can be derived from the private key signature. Only when you've signed a transaction will any info about your private key be known. Until you do, your public address is a meaningless string. Essentially, as long as you've never created a transaction from your address, you're guaranteed quantum resistant, since literally nothing is known. However, if you leave a balance or reuse an old address, you could be vulnerable since there is some data known about your private key, creating a start point to attack it.
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:28:03
The block rewards are halved, not the blocks. Imagine if a network of 100 people all paid $1 for their entire series of lightning transactions, which all got wrapped up into a single onchain transaction vis schnoor, etc... thats a $100 transaction, but the fee was split up quite a bit so that it was tiny per person.
@_date: 2019-01-24 05:44:27
That's not block height zero. The graph starts at 500k...
@_date: 2019-01-01 05:57:30
You don't own a car - you have a piece of paper that grants you permissions within the court system over other individuals, unless it's for a use by those who control the court systems (gov).
You don't own stocks - you have an account on a 3rd party website linked to your name that has a few digits next to the name of a company. If you elect to take physical delivery of a stock certificate, you've got a piece of paper you'll have to hope a broken trusts enough to credit you those digits back to your account.
You don't technically own the cash - it's the government's, but you are the closest here. You are in physical possession of it, only attainable by those who control the courts (legally).
You don't even own bitcoin - you merely have cryptographic proof that, given the opportunity, you can create the cryptographic puzzle deemed necessary to transfer the coins to another account of control. Your "ownership" is just proof of control - not even necessarily sole control in the case of stolen private keys. If you can sign for an address, it's as much ownership of coins as can be claimed on the Bitcoin network.
As for the network itself, there is no ownership, since it's a network. No one owns the Internet. Servers are owned. Transmission lines are owned. The technology behind the network might even be patented (and owned within the legal sense). Once the network has been created, regardless of any parent, there is no ownership.
@_date: 2019-01-28 06:17:21
I've been advised to count it as a personal business, and write it off like you would any normal business expense. Not sure how TT handles it, but I imagine it handles business expenses unrelated to crypto just fine.
@_date: 2019-01-05 06:55:18
And what are you giving them in return? Your credit card? PayPal? What trust will they have in you to not scam them?
No, the wiser option would be to use cash, in person... No trust required... Except... That better not be an undercover cop...
The wider and faster Bitcoin spreads, the less impact something like this will have. If governments really wanted it dead, they would have attacked it with regulations or what have you long before now... That said, they can still damage it with laws, but unless there's coordination between countries, it'll just create a great crypto firewall, and it's good enough to stop most people, but the rest of the Internet *cough* I mean crypto... Will continue on. The chances of crypto being shut down by governments diminishes by the day.
@_date: 2019-01-31 21:45:12
This way of thinking has always intrigued me, and I just did a couple seconds of googling and came across this that looks like an interesting read. Not only does it provide sources, it also provides case law, which provides basis for real law, even if it slightly contradicts real law.
For instance, if there's a case law claiming that income does include private-sector earnings (which you claim aren't included), then you're gonna have a hell of a time defending your position on that, even if the actual written law could be interpreted to support your position.
As far as taxes go, as long as you don't have over the $79k taxable (married - federal level), you can use your remaining amount to slowly raise your coins cost basis year after year without paying federal taxes (0% capital gains in this lowest tax bracket). You end up paying a little bit of state taxes each year to save loads of federal when bitcoin moons.
I've been advised by tax lawyer that mining counts as income, sales count as capital losses or gains, and fees can be written off against your basis if you choose to.
Edit:minor tweaks
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:11:56
Not working on mobile? iOS with chrome. *shrug*
@_date: 2018-11-26 08:47:24
The beautiful thing about Bitcoin is its 100% traceable. Do what I did: start with your sells and work backwards through the addresses to figure out when you got them. When you get to an unknown address, it's possibly not yours. If you get audited, you'll have to show some sort of trail and how you did your math. While I might not be able to prove I owned a specific set of addresses, I have traced through the blockchain and documented every address/transaction along the way and did analysis on certain addresses. When I have 1 address I'm fairly certain I owned, and I see it joint sent with another address, chances are high I owned that address too. Rinse and repeat. If you have no clue, then whatever transactions you sent to cash out will have to be used. If you have proof of purchase, you're fine, else it may look like income, and then you'd pay income tax on the value at the time you got it. Assuming 0 is probably not a safe method, assuming you paid a decent bit. (Buying $100 seems much more likely than buying $20,000, and the IRS may treat that $20k Bitcoin as income if you can't prove you purchased it)
Best of luck to you. As others said, find a CPA (doesn't have to be Bitcoin specific, but does need knowledge of crypto), and look into the catch up payments so you don't get an underpayment penalty.
@_date: 2019-09-05 21:58:27
Don't know what I'm saving face on since none of my opinions have changed, nor have I switched stances on anything, so I don't know where you're getting this from.
What if it's the situation of a compromised wallet? The "owner" says TX1 is wrong, and TX2 is right, but the attacker says TX2 is wrong and TX1 is right. In this situation, both TX1 and TX2 are wrong &amp; right. This illustrates that "wrong" is subjective from the perspective of an (not necessarily *the*) "owner" (whoever has the private key). I took the perspective of the network (which is the only thing that really matters - code doesn't have feelings, subjectivity or morality, it just does its thing).
It seems like we're agreeing on how the operation works, just that there may or may not be an associated cost with previous mining on TX1.
If T turns out to be 3, then miners are incentivized to swap to the larger paying transactions immediately.
2 scenarios for block time T with TX2 published at 2:50
1) You don't swap because the fee is tiny-zero and doesn't provide C1 (you get block reward + TX1 Fee)
2) You immediately swap because TX2 Fee &gt; TX1 Fee (you get block reward + TX2 fee)
Why would you ever take option 1 with a lower payout? This is what you're advocating for miners to do (or should do). A greedy miner wants the highest paying fees and will immediately swap out lower paying transactions for higher ones.
I will mention that you do support this by saying that miners will swap to higher fees once the block template becomes full, but why don't you extend this same idea to double spends? It's the exact same scenario (the block is "full" of transactions spending from a specific UTXO, therefore, you replace the transaction for a higher paying one).
@_date: 2019-09-04 21:34:23
Please give me your definition of "wrong" in this context then.
Within the context of valid and invalid, then you are right, there would be significant cost associated with mining an invalid transaction, as even if you find a block, it's value is zero (invalid block). However, if it's a valid transaction, a block can still be found, giving you a payout. If I send a (my definition) "wrong TX", that means it was the wrong value, sent to the wrong person or came from the wrong account. None of these scenarios make my TX invalid though, it just means I made a mistake. The transaction is still as valid as if I intended all the wrongs in the first place, which makes the transaction no longer (my definition) "wrong".
If miners already had the full transaction list when they started mining another block, why wouldn't they go ahead and fill the new block template? You're correct in that a CPU can nearly immediately figure out what's included or not, so... Why do those blocks look different than ones found even a minute after the previous block?
I never said you recycle the power or use magic (for the blockchain - but the cook had to because the analogy breaks down), just that Bitcoin mining, due to its randomness, doesn't work well with a physical analogy. There is no cost associated with dropping transactions, swapping transactions or adding transactions. Any work done on any subset of transactions (provided they aren't internally conflicting) doesn't waste energy and is no different than doing work on any other subset (provided there aren't internal conflicts).
This seems to be the crux of our disagreement from which everything else stems. If there was such a thing as wasted costs for mining TX1 once TX2 was broadcast, then you would absolutely be correct. The problem is, there isn't, because both TX are valid (until one is included in a block, which would make the other invalid). It doesn't matter if you solve the hash with TX1 or TX2, you get the book reward either way. If you swap at the 1 minute mark (since last block) or the 3 or the 9:55 mark, you'll still find blocks in line with the 10 minute average (swapping the transaction won't reset the "10 minute" timer). Because it's all random, there's nothing to lose for swapping from TX1 to Tx2. All hashes with TX1 were still valid attempts, as will be all future hashes with TX2 (assuming no blocks found).
@_date: 2019-09-11 05:54:57
$27 is best gift ever given? If you say so...
You can't compare past events/values with prices of today. That's completely illogical... That wasn't a $10k tip, so stop pretending like someone gave some stranger a car by handing them a $20.
@_date: 2019-09-04 00:28:35
Not when pollution methods are taxed to artificially make them higher. This artificially makes renewables cheaper (along with incentives). Either way, they tend to trend towards cheaper as we move forwards. There's a lot of research potential left in renewables - just look at price drops in solar over the past 10 years. If that continues, it will eventually cost more to not include solar on new houses (or potentially retroactively fit solar) than not.
@_date: 2019-09-04 00:25:10
You either use the extra electricity to turn it into Bitcoin, or nothing. It doesn't work like a battery in its return, it's just for absorbing your excess. In theory you could save up the Bitcoin to replace batteries on the backend, but the point is to avoid wasting free generation when you have it.
@_date: 2019-09-13 12:05:35
The next block is found at time P minutes. If you choose to define TX1-block as T, that's fine, but it also is found at P, which is when TX2-block is found, which is when BLK is found, which is when TX3-block is found, etc. P is the block time, which doesn't vary based on its contents.
Yes, electrical usage (work) is the same.
@_date: 2019-09-08 05:57:57
Obsolete jobs such as?
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:11:48
That's partially true. They don't use fractionals, but there technically are/were units smaller than a yen. They're no longer used due to inflation, but they also didn't price thing in 0.5 for example. It was more like MMO monetary systems, where 50 silver is half of 1 gold, but you can't send 0.5 gold, you have to send 50 silver.
The point is, westerners use fractals, so it's feasible for other cultures to use fractions of satoshis as well. The Japanese price everything off a non-divisible base unit, leading to hundreds of thousands of "unit" as a normal price, so it's feasible for westerners to get used to a bottle of water costing 4,000 satoshi. It's a bit of a compromise for everyone.
@_date: 2019-09-04 03:57:36
Weren't betamax and HD DVD pretty big things? IIRC, the industry was kind of back and forth between them and competitors until one completely destroyed the other. Maybe not over the same 10 year timeframe, but when companies were spending millions and tens of millions producing both, unsure of which tech was going to win out, you'd have to do the math to see how the numbers lined up...
@_date: 2019-09-07 04:45:08
When you "sell" your BTC on Coinbase, nothing moves. When you withdraw, they do move. If you withdraw your 10 BTC, they use their hot wallet which has (making up numbers) 100 BTC in it, with 900 BTC in their cold wallet (meaning they're only holding 10% in hot storage). When you do this, their total held is no longer 1k, but 990 BTC. To maintain their 10% hot wallet, they need to transfer 9 BTC from their cold wallet to their hot wallet. But wait, someone just deposited 20 BTC, so their total is 1010, they need 101 in their hot wallet, but have 110 there in now (100-your10+incoming20). So now, they need to transfer 9 BTC to cold storage, until wait! You guessed it, another withdraw.
This happens back and forth throughout the day. If their hot wallet gets to 15%, they transfer some out. If it gets to 5%, they add some back. The wiggle room from 5-15% means they don't have to constantly go to their cold wallet for every transaction all day long, they only need to use it once or twice per day (or week if it's fairly balanced).
Furthermore, it may be possible for them to program their software's deposit generating addresses to provide cold wallet addresses instead of hot wallet addresses. This means that in periods of high deposits, or when the hot wallet is getting heavy, the software can automatically siphon some of the incoming deposits directly into cold storage to reduce the % risk from the hot wallet.
@_date: 2019-09-23 02:30:03
I'm pretty sure the conversion rate of Japense Yen to USD is 100:1, meaning 40,000 is ~$400 worth of purchasing power (meaning it wouldn't be terribly uncommon to see prices in the 10k range). I don't think the Japanese use anything but a plain  sign (no k (for prices, shorthand will always exist), but I do think millions get their own denotation). I don't think this is a difficult system at all.
@_date: 2019-09-26 21:52:56
This is why you cost average spend, so you don't have to track which satoshis you're spending.
@_date: 2019-09-05 22:01:12
Because people *actually* want to use it - more than you apparently.
@_date: 2019-09-06 21:25:53
Sure, let's go with I don't get the math. But you don't seem to get my math either. TX2 Fee &gt; TX1 Fee. Your math only make sense if there is such a thing as "wrong" (which there isn't from the technology perspective, not a human one) and if there's a cost associated with hashing on a TX that is lost when the TX is dropped.
If both of those were true, then your equation makes sense (or if a block is found, but I've already said that changes things). But neither of those are true with Bitcoin.
I'll agree that T cannot be known, and it is weird to "predict" a block time, but even if T isn't 3 specifically, the underlying premise holds true. For any T from now to infinity, you'll be paid more by swapping TX1 for TX2. If you don't swap, regardless of costs already committed, you end up with less money than if you did swap. What part of TX2 &gt; TX1 trips you up? This should be a fairly straight forward equation. There is no need for complicated equations until you have to undo work (block found). Until then, more is more.
@_date: 2019-09-11 18:19:19
Are you saying that you can't use T because it's for TX1-block only? Meaning that when you change to TX2-block, it now has a time of T2?
Double spending a 0-conf is easy, but double spending a 1+ conf is significantly harder. There's a big difference here and you seem to gloss over it.
I don't know why you think that I hold "number of conformations" in a spiritual sense, but they are special. They represent money earned by miners that will be undone if they choose to discard the block. That's pretty significant.
You can't make a "0-conf and 15 minutes" transaction into a 20-conf transaction, because the defined as 0-conf. It is explicitly not included in any block (cases include where no block has been found, low fees, miner avoidance, etc). 1-conf is more secure than 0-conf, always.
I'm pretty sure we already decided that mining efficiency didn't matter and we were already asking about minutes of hash power. That 1ms block represents the effort of 10 minutes, but not the cost of 10 minutes. In order to duplicate this block (to mine a non 0-conf double spend), 10 minutes of work (on average) is required. That 0-conf double spend doesn't undo any work, and swapping out the TX is a 0 cost operation.
@_date: 2019-09-14 01:53:44
The minute at which the 10th block is found is:
For i 1-10: sum += futureBlocks[i].nextBlockTimeGuess()
It's 10 calls of the T function, which is 10*T (T still being the distribution, not a resolved, absolute time). However, none of this is important, as once a block is found, it's outside the scope of our conversation. T is the time of the next block, because there is only 1.
You defined T as TX1-block, and said that TX2-block can't also be T, so it seemed like you were associating each T with the particular transaction tied to the block. If that's not the case, then I must have misunderstood you.
I suppose you're not familiar with function pointer reassignments? While technically not the correct syntax, it's pseudo code to emphasize an assignment to a function call. This prevents the assumption that getT() returns a specific value, but rather returns a function of probability. The idea is that when you ask for the next block time, it's a function, not an exact answer. This is supported in languages like C, Python, and some others. I don't think it's used all that often in practice, and not many languages have that feature to begin with.
I'm not sure what you mean by "code a software", but if you are asking if I know programming, then yes. If that's not what you're asking, then you'll have to be more specific.
@_date: 2019-09-27 23:33:49
What? You just now say "hitch hiking is free", to what I described as a 0-conf replacement of TX1 by TX2. So, you're admitting that there is no fee (other than nominal) for getting TX2 to replace TX1 in this scenario?
Yes, you are correct on the definition of invalid. I already said that the invalid TX2 could have a few large enough to warrant rewriting the blocks. I've said that from the start, but I have no interest in discussing that. I don't understand your "only 6 seconds" and "100 blocks away", but if they require TX1 to be in a block, then it doesn't matter for this conversation.
@_date: 2019-09-18 20:43:03
So, it seems most, if not all, of our disagreements comes from the number of confirmations. You said double spending a 0-conf is safe, I disagreed, and now you keep going off beyond 0-conf. Countless times I've stated I'm only addressing 0-conf, and countless times you disregard that. If you aren't talking about 0-conf, then you aren't having a discussion with me about *your* claim. That's fine, but you're off the rails while I'm trying to address your specific claim. It seems not only can we not agree on a conclusion, but you also can't keep it on topic (which you started).
I never claimed that anything was committed to TX1, therefore he definition that I've been advocating would be closer to "casual replacement". You are the one arguing that resources are committed to TX1 and are therefore arguing for "committed replacement".
You still haven't answered my earlier quiz about choosing TX1 or TX2 if you know a block is coming in 5 minutes... You love ignoring these.
@_date: 2019-09-04 00:40:55
Yes. The 24 word seed phrase will recover your coins. If you don't see them for some reason, you may need to change your derivation path, but you can cross that bridge when you get there.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:25:28
Go for it, what have you got to lose?
@_date: 2019-09-17 03:32:04
Hot (red) sections indicate amount of coins moving rapidly (only sit in the UTXO for a couple days, while cold (blue) sections indicate dormant or very slow moving coins. This graph (or similar) is used to guess at how many lost coins there are (if no one has moved the coins in 5+ years, there's a good chance they're lost), among other things. Generally speaking, more heat indicates high market activity with lots of rapid movement. Cold times indicate more dormant periods where there is less activity (which is also indicative of holding/saving). The idea is that because the cold sections are expanding, more people must be holding, but I would disagree with that.
I think this graph can't be used to do much, other than to detect breaks in trends (like the sudden upticks in heat). The graph will tend to cool as coins are lost, until most of it is dead cold. However, this could also be indicative of bitcoin's death (no movement because there is no interest). One would think that increased savings indicate a greater preceived value of Bitcoin, but at the same time, more heat could indicate more economic activity and greater interest, as everyone is clamoring to buy. Ultimately, I feel it's open to too many interpretations with conflicting signals that make it meaningless for detecting anything other than a break in the trend. Even then, it doesn't tell you why, just that it happened, and then you can't really get a signal on what "normal" is until well afterwards.
It does look pretty though. I guess that's something it does well.
@_date: 2019-09-04 03:53:39
There's survivorship bias. There might not be good examples of failures because you've never heard of them because they didn't survive.
The one and only thing I'm fearful of is a global scale banning/buyback/whatever of Bitcoin. Sure, it won't stop people from owning any, nor will it stop people from ever transacting in it, but if, for some reason, it were made illegal to own/use, it's peice would plummet and it would be very difficult to do anything with. Many people would be afraid from even trying to hold onto it because of extremely limited trade options. What if the buyer/seller you're meeting with us an undercover cop? You really want to get arrested because you wanted to sell your $0.30 BTC?
The likelihood of this happening is slim to none, but there is precedence in the US for this: gold. Many other countries don't have the freedoms the US tends to have (not to say the US is the most supportive, just that changes tend to take time going through the "checks and balances" portion of the government), so restrictive laws can be put in place &amp; enforced without much resistance. Of course, citizens could rise up and protest, etc etc. It's not a pretty road, but it's the only one I see with the most potential of affecting Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-18 04:12:13
I gotchu some BIIIITTTCONNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEECTTTT!!
@_date: 2019-09-22 05:46:37
I don't think 0-conf will ever be safe due to the nature of the protocol. My confusion stems from our mismatched terminology, which I ask for clarification on as it becomes evident that we disagree. Like just now, it's become clear that you don't quite understand "0-conf" as I define it.
0-conf means literally 0 confirmations, as you said, not yet in a block. It makes no other assumptions about the TX, other than maybe its validity (although I'd argue that any TX you talk about in a general sense is expected to be valid unless stated otherwise). It doesn't matter if this TX was broadcast 10 seconds ago, 10 minutes ago or 10 weeks ago (though technically the protocol does care). It doesn't matter if the fee is zero or 20 million BTC. It's literally just an unconfirmed TX that has the potential to be confirmed.
The timestamp expectation of every bock is 10 minutes. It doesn't matter if a TX is added at 3 minutes or 9 minutes, the block is expected at 10 minutes, and TX inclusion is incidental.
Instant TX only refers to how recently a broadcast happened, and is irrelevant as that provides no measurable value as to the cost of its replacement. You think it does, but your understanding is incorrect as I demonstrate below. The difference between inclusion in a block or not is incredibly vast, and greatly determines cost of replacement (0-conf is free, 1+ is conf * block reward (+ incidentals)). There are 2 different algorithms depending on if the TX has confirmed or not.
It seemed like you were referring to my line of thinking when you said "your stuck" and "make you believe" - seems to explicitly suggest you think I do think this way. If that's not what you meant, you should have chosen your words a little more carefully.
You are only sort of correct in the 10 second TX. One way to think about it is 10 seconds of committed costs associated with that TX, but the other is the committed cost associated with the BLK to which its attached. If you attach costs to TX, then that TX should be really cheap to replace, there's not much associated with it. The problem is that that 10 seconds requires (on average) 10 full minutes to undo. If you want to replace a TX with 1 confirmation (even if the confirmation took 10 seconds, T=10 sec, as appose to the broadcast at 9:50), you have to find a new BLK with the same chain height. This new T is the same as any other block, and is 10 minutes. So, what you got lucky with in 10 seconds, requires 10 minutes of additional commitments to redo. A miner has 2 choices: 1) continue mining on the 10 second block, or 2) replace the TX because they're helping a friend out for some non-trivial fee (but it'll be cheap because only 10 seconds of resources were committed). The next block is found after a perfect 10 minutes and you end up with 1) A miner has 25 BTC at 10:10, or 2) A miner ends up with 12.5+non-trivial fee. Unless that non-trivial (in this case not the tiny zero I use for 0-conf) is 12.5+, then the miner is A has made more.
This is the actual cost of rewriting blocks. It doesn't matter how much resources were committed, but the expectation of how much *will* be committed to undoing what you did. This is why costs are associated with BLKs, not TXs. 0-conf is not safe because there's no work to undo a block (you don't change anything you're already doing), whereas even 1 conf at 10 seconds immediately jacks up the cost of the double spend to that of he entire block reward.
This also brings up a good point you made, where it's trivial to double spend 40k BTC, and you'd be able to get many blocks rewritten with a high enough fee. Obviously these TX require many confirmations to have any confidence (not guarantee) of finality. More normal transactions (think $100s, not $100ks) don't have enough to devote to fees to have these issues, and can usually get by with 1-conf as being fairly safe (again, not guaranteed, as orphaned blocks do happen naturally).
The point is that costs and expectations of costs are associated with the blocks, and transaction inclusion or exclusion are completely incidental to blocks, insofar as they don't make the blocks invalid. This is why 0-conf matters, and it's why double spending 0-conf (even with t=10, with t&lt;T necessarily due to 0-conf) is virtually free (tiny zero cost difference) for greedy miners, but the cost calculations dramatically change once a confirmation comes into play (which is why I've stuck to 0-conf explicitly).
Your final statement is absolutely correct. Confirmations only matter insofar as that's the direct multiplier to calculate the extra cost/fee that TX2 needs over TX1. 0-conf just has a 0 multiplier, which makes it free. (Fun fact: This statement isn't true of BCH, which has rolling checkpoints, unlike BTC - number of confirmations do matter there)
@_date: 2019-09-13 22:44:23
I don't think there's a need for T1, T2, etc... There's no need to define an iid of T per transaction. While, technically yes, changing the transactions included in the template will change the exact time that a block is found (2 parallel universes where TX2 is flat out refused won't have the same block time as the universe that does something with TX2), that doesn't change the fact that the function to predict the time of the next block needs to be an instance of T (T1, T2, etc), it's just T. P was my attempt to get away from T, since you have a hardon for T's specific usage. If I were to code this, I would say "nextBlockTimeGuess() = getT()". That "number" wouldn't ever change to T1, T2, etc. it's a probability distribution, not an exact number. This is why I can say "T1"=="T2"=="T3", since they're defined as functions.
The point is: the next block has a time of T, regardless of which transactions are included or not.
@_date: 2019-09-13 22:57:29
I just got one, but haven't made it past updating the firmware cuz I can't find a compatible SD card (though I don't technically need a SD card, kinda defeats the major selling point if I can't get one to work)... I have a feeling it's gonna be a really expensive (and light) paperweight. Please tell me the new ColdCard uses something other than fat32?
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:39:22
Unless you do a CPFP transaction with the full $10 as the fee, then his double spend attempt gets ignored and all his money goes into fees.
@_date: 2019-09-09 03:59:46
Be careful when reading these, as the account is retroactively editing his posts to include details that weren't initially included. Reddit doesn't track these, so you'll need to use the way back site, or lots of extra googling to find out what his real, initial predictions were before the ninja edit updates.
@_date: 2019-09-07 00:31:30
Technology shifts jobs from simple labor to more complex labor. No longer do you have to spin cotton, you need to perform maintenance on the machines that do, or sell machines that do, or invent machines that do, or build machines that do. Barring that, you're now available to turn the spun cotton into another product, or find ways to make your spun cotton more valuable than another's (who can only simply spin cotton because they don't have technology to do it). As another posted mentioned, this has been repeated for ages and has zero proof that it's actually doing anything.
One thing to note though, will be individuals nearing retirement but aren't able to retire and must keep working. If they are highly specialized and that job dries up due to technology, they'll find it incredibly difficult to switch professions at that point. Not that it can't be done, just that it won't be as easy as someone younger to cope with.
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:13:27
You could probably use Python to loop through all iterations of the last 2 words, then verify their checksum with a python implementation of a wallet until you find the right combination. No need to share your seed with anyone else, no need to use a computer even connected to the Internet, and you'll learn more about Python &amp; wallets along the way.
@_date: 2019-09-20 12:24:54
Wait, are you doubling back and saying that 0-conf are not safe now? Are you admitting that you were wrong in that you claimed that 0-conf was safe?
Your assumption that I'd think that TX was safe at 6 confirms is incorrect. There is an entirely different formula you have to use for anything 1-conf+, which is separate from 0-conf. I've said this multiple times, and even said that you're on the right track to calculating the cost of double spending multiple blocks deep, but that's not what we're discussing. If you send me that at 6-blocks, I'd ask you to wait much longer, as its evaluated completely separately from 0-conf.
Are you not a native English speaker? (Just curious, not holding it against you - your mannerisms are a tad weird) despite the weird wording, you nailed the scenario perfectly. You believe resources are committed at hash time, whereas I (I make no claim of other miners) only associate committed (meaning costful to undo) with confirmed blocks.
Okay, so, getting to my quiz. I set the 5 minute block time just to have a concrete number to work with, but you're right in that it doesn't matter. Here's the way I see it: TX1 has a fee of (making new ones up cuz I honestly can't remember what I wrote before, but I do realize this changes your numbers, so bear with me) 0.1 BTC, and TX2 has a few of 0.2 BTC. You see mining on TX1 as an incurred cost, and so you demand TX2 to be some amount higher(equal or greater than the cost of "committed" resources). The reason I say "committed", is because I don't believe resources are tied to TX, but to BLK. If you know the next block will be found in 5 minutes, then it doesn't matter what you do now with any of the transactions (include them, drop them, swap them, etc).
What ends up a happening is that you choose to mine for 10 minutes on TX1 and earn BR (block reward) + 0.1 BTC. If you switched to TX2, you earn BR + 0.2 BTC, despite it taking exactly the same time. It took 10 minutes of resources committed to BLK to find a block, where the TX included are incidental and only serve to maximize returns.
It seems logical that resources are "committed" to TX1, but due to the way mining works, it doesn't really matter, because the next block is still coming around at some time T, regardless of if you have TX1 or TX2 in it. Because the T (10 minutes in our scenario) doesn't change (the distribution, not the absolute), you always include the highest paying fees as early as you can, just in the event you manage to find a block immediately after swapping a TX. If you run a simulation on this scenario that I just asked you about, choosing your TX1 on one miner or TX2 on another, you'll realize that they'll both find blocks at the same time (on average, T will be 10 minutes), but the higher fees of TX2 will reward miner 2 more.
In the event that t&gt;T, then the double spend didn't make it into the block, so you just ignore it because it wasn't broadcast in time (this is to specifically address 0-conf), or you can figure out the commited resources to the last BLK and figure out if the TX2 fee is high enough to undo that last block.
My issue with you staying "instant TX", is that if I send a TX that is immediately confirmed, you may see that as having a tiny zero amount of resources commited to it, but because it's in a block, it will require, on average, 10 minutes of hashing to undo that block. This time is also the same as the TX sent out 20 minutes ago at the start of the block. It'll only take 10 minutes to write a new block that undoes it. This is why the number of confirmations is more important than the time it's been confirmed. But this is just 1 small piece in a much larger equation you have to take into account when dealing with 1-conf+.
@_date: 2019-09-07 04:20:26
If you so choose to define "wrong" in that sense, that's fine (in fact, I'd agree with that definition - it's subjective - I just don't think it should be applied to an objective test). "Wrong" is all about intention, but this doesn't address the case I brought up of differing intentions from competing key owners. Which is the "wrong" one in that scenario? And how do you know?
If you're sticking with the chef example, the TX swapping doesn't fundamentally change anything about the block being mined. It's the equivalent of asking the chef to swap toppings on your pizza (with it being popped into the oven being a found block). As long as all the work he's doing is the same as what he would have been doing, there's no additional cost to changing your pepperoni to sausage last minute (although the analogy breaks down again, since the chef can magically snap his fingers and transform the pepperoni into sausage (which he can't physically do, but that's the equivalent of what's happening with the miners)). Again, this analogy breaks down a bit and isn't the best comparison.
The average cost (going with our earlier assumption of a solo miner, and eliminating the real randomness (so assume a perfect 10 minute average block time)) is "10 minutes worth of electricity".
Let's say he swaps to using TX2 at the 5 minute mark. His expected cost for the next block is still "10 minutes of electricity" - not from the moment of the switch, but in total. That's 5 minutes spent mining TX1 and 5 spent mining TX2. Either way, he pays "10 minutes of electricity" and gets the block reward plus TX1 fee or TX2 fee. Theres no need to account for the 5 minutes spent on TX1, because he's still working to build an unaffected product (a block). Which transactions get included is inconsequential and wholly optional, so there is no cost to 5 minutes of TX1 because it's the same cost as 5 minutes of TX2 or 5 minutes of no TX at all.
@_date: 2019-09-23 16:32:00
Certainly correct - didn't mean to imply an exact exchange eat e nor suggest it was static. Was just a quick "would I pay $X for this?" math equation you can do in your head to get the purchasing power of what amount of  you're handing over.
@_date: 2019-09-18 13:02:02
Yes, I know what it means, and yes, there is a concern for what TX are in (or rather not in) a block. If TX1 is in a block, TX2 is invalid as a 0-conf double spend (but it is still a valid double spend provided the fee is high enough to warrant miners undoing the latest block). T&lt;t is not valid, therefore you only have "if T&gt;=t, T".
The timestamp of the bus doesn't change just because they picked up another passenger. They left with the target of stopping at T City, and that's where they stop, regardless if they pick up someone at the halfway point. As long as joe is willing to pay more than another passenger (all fees are paid when destination is reached), then the buss company kicks out the other passengers and let's Joe in. That makes them more money when they reach T City.
You seem to think that by allowing Joe on board, you reset your time expectation to 10 minutes, but that's absurd. Miners are actively changing transactions every second, so if your thought held true, we'd never see a block on the chain because miners *are* picking up Joe (or his cousins) literally seconds before blocks are found. Your math doesn't hold for 0-conf (but is closer to valid for 1-conf+) because there is no cost for mining on TX1 before swapping to TX2, there's only the opportunity cost of the greater fee, which is why you would immediately drop TX1, so you get the higher fee.
We're explicitly taking about 0-conf, so you going off the rails on my 6-block made up religion is off the rails.
You don't seem to understand this. You can't do 0-conf if there are already confirmations...
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:28:39
The HW is transparent to Core, so I wouldn't call that "work with". I would say that "if you want to currently use a HW with Core, you need to surround it with multiple layers of software to do it". The update makes it natively "work with" HWs.
@_date: 2019-09-04 00:45:31
All of it. If you can provide every detail they could ever ask for, you won't be wrong. If they ask for something else, know what you did and what you have well enough that you can give a reason why you don't have that. Ideally, if you have something digital, you might be able to fiddle with it to format it however they like (combining multiple spreadsheets for instance) and get it back to them almost immediately. This might save you some headache if they're being picky. GL to you.
I ended up paying ~5k for someone to go back and retroactively fix years upon years of taxes to bring me up to date. Now that I'm current with good record keeping, I'm going to be doing this all myself. It's not difficulty, just got to remember the records.
@_date: 2019-09-21 00:59:36
Don't think that just ignoring a law makes it go away. It would just selectively get enforced, similar to speeding. If everyone does it, a little speeding, while illegal, is fine. Horrible speeding is punished with fines/tickets, but I've seen places where "normal" was 15-20 mph over. It would be more of a "well, your honor, he had drugs in the car, no seatbelt and was speeding to top it off - that's about as reckless as you can get" to throw the book at you for some lesser offense (no seatbelt). Same with crypto, but it will suck for people they try to make examples of.
@_date: 2019-09-14 13:42:25
Goods are constantly deflating, but you still buy them don't you? The first 4K TVs were going for $10k+ when they first came out several years ago, and now they're given away for free as incentives for subscriptions to services like Internet and phone service.
If there's this much deflation in technology, why would anyone buy a TV, or a computer, or any other gadgets that are constantly improving and dropping in price? (Phones are a bit harder, as they're not quite as in an open market as a generic TV, but the tech purchased for the price ratio is going down. The other major difference is that phones typically upgrade, while TVs simmer and produce many generations of the same device at lower price points. Despite this, the value you're getting for your dollar is going up, which encourages you to delay your purchase since you'll get more in the future.)
@_date: 2019-09-13 12:16:07
Except when banks realize that fiat will eventually die and all get involved in crypto and agree to safeguard everyone's assets - which most of the public will gladly allow, because fuck personal responsibilities. Then you'll have exactly what we have now, where there's more digital dollars than there are printed ones. You'll eventually end up with more "bitcoin" in circulation than 21 million, and the market will reflect this. As that number approaches some critical point (making up a number here) 50 million BTC, people will have not only had their BTC devalued over time, but will most likely become complacent with their virtual BTC. Once that critical number is reached and individuals become worked, the global bank run starts and that system comes crashing down. BTC won't prevent the methodologies of the current fiat system, since too many people are lazy and don't want responsibility. I just don't see that happening with the Average Joe.
@_date: 2019-09-15 15:46:21
If you thought that technology making jobs obsolete didn't also create new jobs, you would expect unemployment to be ever increasing, at an ever increasing pace too. We're not seeing that. We're seeing more jobs and more technology comin out. Quality of life has skyrocketed.
You are right though, taxi drivers won't go work for uber (at least not all of them). They'll find jobs elsewhere, created by technology in other fields. As I stated before, those most at risk for being severely interrupted by technology are those too old to learn new skills and in jobs too specific to transfer their skill set. Everyone else should be able to transfer fields or evolve their skill set with their evolving fields. This is what we're seeing.
My only caveat to this is if we build fully sentient machines that can perform the whole production line from gathering resources, to design, to manufacture and repair. I think they'll quickly deduce that humans are a net drain on the world's efficiency and decide to eliminate that efficiency.
@_date: 2019-09-26 21:59:33
If you don't do all crypto, then someone is gonna end up in court sayin "but Bitcoin cash *is* Bitcoin", and do you really want a judge to have the opportunity to say yes to that?
@_date: 2019-09-26 02:53:01
The taxable portion usually comes when you sell the crypto for fiat. That 15k is what you're taxed on (minus however much you paid for the 1 BTC you sold). What you buy with the fiat doesn't matter. The fact you ended up with more BTC is irrelavant. You now have a 13k cost basis for your ~1.1ish BTC. This means if you sell 0.5 for 20k, your profit is 0.5*(20k-13k) (quantity times sale minus basis), which is what you'll be taxed on. If you then sell 1.0 (the extra is from somewhere else), you'll have to do some extra math. That full 1 BTC has different cost basis (unless you dollar cost average), meaning 0.6 has a cost basis of 13k and the other 0.4 could have a basis of 15k, or 5k. If you dollar cost average, every time you add to your pool of coins, you slightly shift their collective cost basis towards that of the coins you recently bought. It should be a weighted average, but you'll need to look into this yourself.
Like kind exchanges vary widely. Some countries don't tax crypto to crypto (so you could "cash out" to Tether then buy back in BTC), but the US does tax these kinds of transactions, so you'll have to get more info for Uk specifically.
@_date: 2019-09-23 16:40:02
It's not so much that TX2-block is expected at T=10 or T=13, but BLK is T=10. If BLK happens to have TX1, then TX1-block has the same T as BLK. If BLK has TX2, then TX2-block has the same T as BLK. T is associated with BLK, not a specific set of transactions. You've already admitted that changing a BLKs transactions doesn't reset its T time, but you are suggesting that changing TX1 to TX2 does?
The blocks come out at time T, regardless of TX inclusion. In this case, TX2 will only have a few minutes of mining done on it until it's included, where as some other TX could have been hashed for the full 10 minute block time. Others still could have been added in the last 10 seconds. It doesn't matter, it's all incidental to BLK's T.
@_date: 2019-09-04 03:42:34
I wouldn't ever recommend setting up solar *for* mining, but if you already had solar, mining would be a great way to utilize overcharging/over production. If you can't justify solar for your current energy usages, you shouldn't consider it for mining...
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:44:08
At this point, they already know how much you got. You might be able to prevent them from knowing where/when you spend in the future, but you can't hide the total from them anymore (at least the total you had at the time you sent some to them). Going forward, you can wash/mix them so it's harder to detect who's who and what's what. That'll restore anonymity going forward.
@_date: 2019-09-15 15:37:16
There is the concept of functions that aren't evaluated into a specific value. Quantum mechanics is one such field where probability is a function until the exact moment it is resolved (double slit experiment). The only way to describe the particle is via a probability function until the exact moment it hits the detection paper (or if it's probability is resolved at the detector attached to the slits). To predict 10 particles, you can't resolve their probability until they interact, so you interfere all probability functions together, rather than trying to resolve them.
You again deviate from our 0-conf discussion. t&gt;=T is not a valid scenario. t must necessarily be &lt; T. At that point, the next block's time is T, whether that includes TX1 or TX2 or neither or both. T is the block, and is not associated with any set of transactions.
I already gave you code for how to decide which transaction to accept. There is no complicated math required for 0-conf. For more than 0-conf, yes, you have to figure out how to undo blocks already in the chain and see if the compensation fee is high enough to warrant spending another 10 minutes of work (mining time) to redo what work (mining time) you already did. That's not required for 0-conf.
If(TX2.fee &gt; TX1.fee) replaceTX(TX1,TX2) //replaces TX1 for TX2
That's it. Nothing else. I've already said this though, multiple times.
@_date: 2019-09-06 21:46:06
Or any wallet that supports it, like Electrum.
@_date: 2019-09-10 22:57:38
Okay, so our definitions were a little off. I assumed that T and t were either both timestamps or lengths. I'll try to use T as a length (eg 3 minutes) and t as a timestamp (eg at the time of 3 minutes from now), but I don't particularly see the difference at the moment - perhaps it'll become clear a little later on.
Another request for clarification though, what is the difference between TX1-block and TX2-block? Are these found blocks that contain TX1 or TX2 respectively?
The current quiz will require the above clarification for me to fully answer, but I did want to point out 1 important case. This entire conversation stemmed from your claim that 0-conf transactions could be considered safe (under specific conditions), while I said they couldn't be (under any condition - technically not true, but close enough). I already agreed that if we're no longer talking about 0-conf, the entire equation changes and more complex maths are required, which is why I keep limiting us to 0-confs - to directly address your claim. Because of this, even if your scenario could accommodate more than 0-conf, we're limiting this discussion to explicitly 0-conf, as that's what I'm addressing. If you wish to have a discussion beyond 0-conf, we can, but I've already said there are 2 different algorithms required to calculate costs, and it switches at that first confirm.
Appreciate the context of Bayes' theorem. Looked into it - seems pretty obvious, but nice to know that it's actually defined  and has a name.
@_date: 2019-09-07 18:10:30
You're not addressing which is the "wrong TX" in my scenario again. Please address this and how you came to this conclusion.
You're also ignoring the conclusion I've already reached, and instead are going off on what appears to be a tangent. I'll play along, but I've already finished the equation for you, so I'm not sure why you're adding unnecessary steps...
I'm not sure why you are going off  into dice &amp; cards, but it seems like you're just trying to get a random block time T, right? Can't you just say "T is a random block time"? If you have a problem with me saying "5 minutes" and such, we can use "T/2 minutes", such that it support any and all T. 5 was just a random number derived from an oversimplification of the average block times, but certainly wasn't meant to discount the actual random T.
First off, the only friend to perfectly greedy miners is money. There is no subjectivity, only objectivity. As long as I evaluated TX2 to be worth more than TX1 (vaguely worded here to allow either of our definitions to work), then TX2 is the "correct" one (assuming the spender is willing to pay to correct the mistake).
The block time of the coming block is T - 'now', or just T assuming we're at the moment of the latest block found.
@_date: 2019-09-07 18:29:02
Yes, millions of simple labor employment jobs are being lost, I acknowledged that. But what about production, maintenance, design, deployment, management, etc of those machines replacing simple labor? If I have a factory that builds machines to take raw inputs and spit out a fully formed shoe, I can't build machines without workers. I can't design more efficient machines without workers. So, as my company expands and puts shoe makers out of work, I'm also hiring additional employees. At the same time, I've created an entirely new market, which other companies can enter, do R&amp;D and peoduce their own show making machines, further driving up employment. On top of all that, those simple labor workers are now free to do something machines can't (easily): think. They're free to use their creativity and problem solving to invent new products to further improve lives and comfort.
Simple labor being replaced with complex labor. Most can adapt to these changes, especially since it's not an overnight change. Perhaps the shoe maker goes into making dresses, but that eventually gets replaced, so they move into making pants, etc. The next generation, on the other hand, grew up manufacturing machines that make shoes, so when those jobs get replaced, they'll transition to making machines that make dresses, etc. The people that have it the worst are the oldest members of the work force who aren't able to pick up new skills, and their entire labor skill set becomes obsolete.
Until we make an AI fully capable of running &amp; maintaining itself fully independently of all human interactions, which can then make additional machines that are fully self sustaining, I don't think we'll see jobs eliminated without new jobs created at higher labor levels. Once machines realize that humans only make their self sustainment harder, we've gone full terminator, so I don't think we'll ever see Wall-E levels of machines replacing labor.
@_date: 2019-09-04 21:18:19
True, and that'll certainly help it, but that doesn't mean it won't still fade out eventually. PCI was replaced with PCI-E, despite having several iterations to improve itself and continually expand. Perhaps we come across a major design flaw within Bitcoin (that despite our best efforts, the size of the blockchain becomes unmanageable or something), and decide something better going forwards is the mimblewimble setup, that turns any and all transactions into a single transaction, saving space by discarding unnecessary information. There won't be a mass exodus from Bitcoin, but a gradual change from one to the other as is happening now. Perhaps it doesn't eliminate Bitcoin completely, but relegates it's use to that of a backend between countries. There are any number of things that *could* happen, but aren't likely.
@_date: 2019-09-07 04:30:44
Only lost your purchasing power, but not your BTC, that's for sure!
@_date: 2019-09-13 02:17:31
I thought T was the average block time, not a specific time (like 10). If your friend broadcasts TX2 at 13 minutes or 30 minutes (assuming no blocks found), it doesn't matter. The immediate block time mattersonly in so far as the average of all the blocks is 10 minutes. There's no issue with a "it's been 13 minutes since the last block, but it should have been found 3 minutes ago" scenario. The block just hasn't been found yet. The likelihood of finding a block is high for the next coming seconds, tapering off towards longer block times - exponentially decaying. You're expecting a block sooner rather than later, but nothing I've said contradicts T running over 10. It's just 10 on average.
I'll admit that my usage of "work" has indeed been lazy. To clarify, confirmed transactions must do additional work (minutes of hashing) to undo found blocks ("work" on the chain). Until a block is found, work (minutes of hashing) isn't tied to TX1 or TX2, it's tied to "the block", which happens to include some set of the transactions.
However, the way you phrase this has me curious. You seem to suggest that there's an associated cost to the work (minutes) done on the 0-conf transaction that is equal to the 20-conf transaction.
My question is this: when I hash an empty block (BLK) for 10 minutes, how do you express the amount of work done? It's 10*W, right? (W is minutes of hashing work). If,you hash on your block which has TX1 in it, then TX1-block has also had 10*W of work done on it.
Now, we're at the 10 minute mark, and expecting a block sooner rather than later, and we're both estimating that block will arrive at time T (T&gt;10, since we haven't found one yet). There's no difference between us, other than you including TX1. Let's say now, TX2 is released. You ignore it, since you believe you've got some sunk cost into hashing TX1, while I pick it up. We hash for another 3 minutes, and a block is found (pretend it's universe A/B (but not including your simulated fast block times) so that all else is equal). It cost both of us 13*W to solve these blocks. However, I got a slightly higher fee for that same work done.
If you had swapped to TX2 as I did, you still would have found the block at T=13, but would have made more in fees, while only spending 13*W in work. There's no cost difference to dropping/swapping a TX, as what TX you mine doesn't influence T. T is always 13 (in this example), regardless of which TX you include.
Why do you think that your initial 10*W is associated with TX1 (and not the BLK) and therefore must be compensated for by TX2?
This is in contrast to (as I've already said that you understand) work (minutes) being spent remining existing blocks. In that case, the work (minutes) spend remining the orphaned block are indeed wasted. Until the block with TX1 is found, there is no work (minutes) wasted that needs to be reaccomplished, and all work (minutes) done is work (minutes) that would have been done regardless. This means that having TX1 or TX2 doesn't accrue any additional work (minutes) cost, and therefore is free to be included or excluded (ignoring the fee income).
@_date: 2019-09-06 22:08:48
That's the pseudo part. I know what addresses it goes to, so it's not "anonymous". It's also not linked to your real identity, so it's not "not anonymous". It falls in the middle by design, therefore, pseudonymous.
Edit: spelling - TIL it's not pseudo+anonymous, but pseudo+nymous
@_date: 2019-09-10 00:43:56
It's simple capital gains (long if held for over a year, short if under). You figure out your cost basis (what you bought the coins for), using whatever method you want (assuming you haven't selected one yet, else you use whatever you've started with - FIFO, specific coins, cost average). When you sell, you take your sale price - cost basis to get capital gains or losses from that sale.
@_date: 2019-09-21 00:33:14
You can restore your seed phrase to any wallet that supports BIP 39 (which is most of them). If you want to use your ledger, just use a wallet bay supports hardware wallets, like electrum. You don't need to upgrade anything, despite whatever ledger live says. (Probably best practice to do so, but it's not necessary)
@_date: 2019-09-10 00:37:22
Lowes, HomeDepot, etc.
@_date: 2019-09-17 01:10:02
I'll agree with what you said, but caution you on "Then still if they did anyway - it's not Bitcoin" part. Bitcoin is what the economic majority defines as Bitcoin, whether that have a 21m cap or 42m cap. Just because you don't agree with it, doesn't mean you get to overrule consensus. Saying "it's not Bitcoin" is exactly how Bitcoin Cash say they are Bitcoin, and that BTC is "some fork of Bitcoin". You can decide for yourself what factors and definitions you agree to go along with and still call Bitcoin, but from the network's perspective, nothing is off limits as long as consensus defines it.
@_date: 2019-09-07 00:40:29
I think it's a combination of governments and banks.
On one hand, governments may institute their own crypto, which the masses will easily flock to over Bitcoin because they don't care about decentralization. The governments can also create laws limiting or outlawing bitcoin's use - to varying degrees, but it's still going to affect Bitcoin.
On the other hand, you'll end up with banks flocking to Bitcoin, embracing it, then doing fractional reserve lending with it just as they do now. The only difference will be when there's a run on the banks, the whole system collapses. This could go one of 2 ways (I think): people immediately hate Bitcoin because "it caused the crash" (propaganda) and it gets outlawed or 2: people are intelligent and learn the value of holding their own keys and those who do are filthy rich when the reality sets in that "virtual" BTC is worthless... But 2 requires intelligence on the part of the masses, so I'm not hopeful there...
@_date: 2019-09-05 04:04:29
That, and each of your keys of the multisig can themselves be usable wallets, and it's only their combination (known only to you) that enables access to the larger fund pot. That way you can keep tabs on if/when your individual wallets are compromised.
@_date: 2019-09-01 15:00:07
Lol, wut? "Valid" means a signed transaction that the network would include in a block and that they would propagate through the network. TX2 being broadcasted does nothing to affect the validity of TX1. Both transactions are perfectly valid until one of them is included into a block. Just because someone initiates a double spend doesn't mean their original transaction becomes invalid somehow.
In your scenario, if a family brought up an apple to me, the father said "your sale price here is $1, so I'll buy this", but the kid grabs the fathers wallet and says "here's $5! I want it now!", I'll go with the higher paying person (I used a family because technically a double spend is the same entity, although that analogy doesn't make much sense when the the same person, so the kid grabs the fathers wallet). You can complete the sale for the $1, or, if you're perfectly greedy, you take the $5 from the kid. You are free to choose either route. I've been focusing on the "perfectly greedy" route, with no long term planning taken into account.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:05:40
Some guesses were legit and on point, but most of what you see now was added later.
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:26:20
What? I don't think you understand what it means to have your keys. Your wallet.dat *is* your keys. You have your keys, just not a convenient way to restore them onto multiple devices. There's no difference between seed words and the data stored in the wallet.dat file, other than the convenience factor. You could print out both and store both securely, but the BIP39 phrase is more convenient.
"Not your keys" means, explicitly, that you *dont* have the private keys in any form, and therefore, no way to spend them.
@_date: 2019-09-18 00:08:54
The fact that we're talking explicitly 0-conf means t must be &lt; T. I'm not addressing anything other than 0-conf, despite you continually going off the rails. I. Specifically addressing your claims that t &lt; T is safe. This is where we get our requirement that t&lt;T. The point of 0-conf is that it's replacing something not confirmed. If a TX already makes it into a block, then too bad for your friend. The requirement was no confirmations.
There is nothing atypical about the next block's timestamp. It'll happen the same random T, such that T&gt;t. The fact it has to wait for t first is irrelevant.
T is still the timestamp of the next block, regardless of TX inclusion or not.
No. The advertisement is wrong. The advertisement is "your highest paying TX will be in the next block." If the customer fails to get you t &lt; T, then that's on them. As long as the customer does (0-conf double spend), meaning t&lt;T, then TX2 is guaranteed. Remember, we're explicitly talking 0-conf, which necessarily means they get it to you on time.
Your understanding of resource commitment is incorrect. Resources are commited to blocks, not the transactions they include (insofar as the block itself remain valid).
"roughly 500 trials TX1-block is not found which you may be happy that the miner, being your like mind, only requires almost zero more fee" yes. That's what I've been saying. Your average fee to double spend a 0-conf transactions is tiny-zero. It's this almost zero amount that you admit you. Obviously you can't take the average across all 1k trials, as you've said that 500 of them will be invalid (not 0-conf). You can only take the 0-conf (no blocks found within 7 minutes) run averages. This is the cost of 0-conf double spends, and it's negligible.
Miners don't care about what TX they include, other than as long as the block (and therefore the TX) are valid, and he fact that including TXs gets them fees they wouldn't otherwise get. Their cost to swap TX1 for TX2 is zero. Their opportunity cost of not including any TX is the fee of the TX, which is also fairly small anyway.
15 minutes of energy that either produces no blocks or produces 15 blocks is not the same. The work that produces no blocks hasn't cemented the energy expenditure yet, but should do so very soon. Double spending from this BLK is perfect, as it gives the receiver very little time to detect &amp; react to the double spend by the attacker. The 15 minutes finding faster blocks (I think you said 15 second blocks, but for ease of math, let's say 1 minute blocks) produces 15 blocks. In order to change a TX already included in a block, you have to recalculate the work already cemented in the block. The block creates a safe point for the energy spend up to it. The first example has no such save points, and swapping TXs is free for miners to do.
Again, you've ignored my question. If I could guarantee you a block is found in 5 minutes, and you've spent the last 5 hashing on TX1, do you switch to TX2 now? Why or why not?
@_date: 2019-09-25 02:34:06
Woah now, that's 6,000 sats for that bottle today. You just hit your bonus multiplier! Congrats!...? =( Now I'm sad...
Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2019-09-02 13:57:32
I already answered your "how much will a businessman charge" multiple times. I'm not bypassing it, but you keep requiring me to state it over and over. I've never skirted around any of your questions, you just don't seem to be listening.
It seems that our key disagreement is in TX1's definition. If you define TX1 as wrong, then your approach to the problem becomes correct. You assume that a miner who mines TX1 has something to lose once TX2 has been broadcast. From that point of view, mining on TX1 does have a cost that miners would want to avoid.
Unfortunately for your math, the network is agnostic to which is TX1 and which is TX2. Perhaps the first seen transaction is TX1 and the later is TX2? Maybe the higher fee is TX2 and it's assumed to be a RBF? Point is, the network can't tell, and both transactions are treated equally valid until a miner decides to include whichever one they want into a block. At that point, and only at that point, does the other TX become invalid and has a cost associated with mining it (because it would produce an invalid block).
If we can't agree on the validity/correctness of TX1 in leu of TX2 being included in a block, then we're not going to come to the same conclusions.
Not sure how a chef or businessman would recommend taking a lower paying payout over the higher one, but maybe you'll find some out there that will...
@_date: 2019-09-26 22:02:40
There's a spot on your taxes for that one... Rip
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:11:43
And now you're blatantly avoiding my delima of "wrong TX" with multiple spenders... Seems like you're silently admitting defeat.
You ask for: "express the random variable of the minute mark at which the TX2-block is found", yet also say "T is the random variable for the time length of the TX1-block", but they're the same block attempt, so I don't know what you're asking for. If the block that I'm attempting to mine has either TX1 or TX2, it still comes out at random variable time T.
My answer is still T, which is the answer you gave me.
@_date: 2019-09-26 22:05:33
You report when the crypto (BTC) is no longer that exact crypto (BTC). If you sell for fiat, sell for Tether, sell for Litecoin, sell for that uber it's all the same to the IRS. (Even if you didn't "sell" but traded it - still a sell to the IRS)
@_date: 2019-09-16 04:21:29
The distribution function is the same. If t is 13, then T is necessarily &gt;13, which is independent of TX1/TX2. You can't have TX1-block happen at 10 minutes because t=13, and t&lt;T.
The time of the next block is T, regardless of which TX are included. There is no other way to define this.
Work isn't wasted because TX1's inclusion is incidental to the actual meaningful work, which is BLK. As long as BLK is valid, adding/removing/switching TX doesn't change the core work done. BLK gets you the block reward, TX1 gets you TX1.fee, but swapping for TX2 gets you a higher fee. You seem to think that changing a TX wastes work, which is simply not the case. This happens all the time (many times per second), yet miners don't consider this wasted work. This is where you fail to understand the consequence of 0-conf. If we were talking about 1-conf+, then yes, you are correct here, but 0-conf (as I've said) has a different cost calculation algorithm. You only lose opportunity cost of the fees for not including transactions. No additional work is done by adding transactions. (Meaning BLK will take the same probability distribution T time as TX1-block, as will TX2-block, as will TX1/2-block (although this one will be invalid and rejected, resulting in wasted work) - ultimately this means adding or removing a TX doesn't change how long until that block is found T-now) As I said before, this seems to be where we differ in opinion. If I thought that work was wasted by swapping TX1 with TX2 (such that the peocess of doing so reset my T - ultimately resulting in a longer resolved T than had I otherwise not swapped the TX), then I would agree with you. The reality is that adding, swapping, dropping transactions cost no energy to do (virtually none), and don't affect work towards T. T will come at the same time regardless of TX inclusion.
I've spoken to others on this, and they're just as confused as I am. They dismissed our conversation and said TX2 fees are higher, QED. I tried to play devils advocate and they just stopped the conversation. I don't know who you've spoken to, but they must not understand 0-conf either.
@_date: 2019-09-23 02:33:38
Whales are officially 10+ BTC confirmed.
@_date: 2019-09-04 21:10:41
I'm not as familiar with the Betamax/VCR back and forth as I wasn't into tech stuff then, but I did hear the porn industry pushed VCRs into the mainstream.
@_date: 2019-09-01 22:27:40
I'm not sure why you would disregard the definition of "valid", I certainly haven't to my knowledge...
TX1 is never the "wrong" transaction, unless you apply that label yourself. The only "wrong" transactions are those that aren't valid. Once TX1 or TX2 is included in a block, the other TX becomes invalid. Until then, both are valid and work can be done on either one without wasting work.
Argument points have been mentioned on both sides here, each of us assuming the other doesn't know what they're talking about. It seems like we aren't really clarifying anything with this discussion. You keep throwing up undefined numbers and equations, I can't understand what you're trying to say, and then you're throwing character attacks. I've conceded a handful of points in the thread, you have continued rambling on about this or that. The biggest thing you come back to is that "when a block is found"... I feel like a broken record having to remind you that that's outside the scope of our argument, but then you say 'well, that doesn't matter, but the math is all the same anyway'. You are the one who's making 1 argument, I tell you that the premise of the argument doesn't apply, and you insist the argument still applies.
Ultimately, it doesn't seem we're going to see eye to eye. I'm happy you've discovered something that no one else has seemingly discovered yet. It's well beyond my comprehension, and I wish you the best of luck going forward.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:18:56
Oof. Got a "didn't wanna sign up for the website so I can't read it" tldr version?
@_date: 2019-09-27 03:30:24
Been a while since I've had time to respond, apologies for the slow reply.
There is quite a bit wrong here, but I'll focus on a singular aspect. First off, I understand your perspective of now()=t=3. In this case, yes, for any given time, the average block time for the current block you're in will be greater than 10 minutes (something closer to 20 I believe). This holds true if you define a now() and approach it from a time perspective, rather than a block perspective. I talk about all blocks, regardless of time, which has a T of 10.
You're mixing perspectives here though. You say that for the TX1-block, you're expecting T of 10, but for TX2-block (with now()=3), you're saying T+3 (13). Lets use this scenario, along with the requirement that TX2 is a 0-conf replacement TX. This means that T&gt;t, by definition. So, at now()=t=3, it's already been 3 minutes, and the miner must make a decision as to wether to keep TX1 or swap to TX2. Regardless of which they choose, now() is still 3, meaning that the "for any given time, block will be longer" yadda yadda happens. This means that TX1-block = TX2-block = T+3 (or whatever the number is, but we can use T+3 to acknowledge that). At this point, T+3 is the same resource committed (energy spent on hashing) away. It costs equally the same for mining on TX1 as it does for TX2, meaning you always choose the higher paying fee, as computation time is exactly the same.
t+10 only applies if you say "what is the blocktime of this current block if I broadcast this transaction now()". It is true that that's the case. I'm not talking about now() though, I'm talking about all blocks such that TX1 is broadcast the instant mining started on the block. It could quite simply be the case that T is 1 minute, at which point TX2 isn't a 0-conf replacement, because TX1 isn't a 0-conf. TX2 is an invalid transaction. The reason I can say "I'll guarantee your TX2 to replace TX1 for a nominal fee" is because (as long as it's valid), it means that we've already mined for t minutes, and swapping TX1 for TX2 is free and adds no additional cost. Obviously I'm not going to accept an invalid transaction, and most clients won't even broadcast them in the first place. I check the fee on TX2 and if it can't cover the expected cost of rewriting TX1-block, I ignore it. As long as it's valid, it makes me more money.
@_date: 2019-09-04 00:18:32
I've stated multiple times that as long as TX2 fee is equal to or greater than TX1, it'll replace TX1 (equal to is up in the air, but greater than guarantees it (edit: for perfectly greedy miners - you won't see this real world)). This "greater than" is literally 1 Satoshi, since you can't currently divide any further.
Your assumptions about TX arrival times is correct. The sender could risk it by propagating TX2 a different route, but as you stated, it's unlikely that TX1/TX2 won't be discovered by the entire network in very short order.
I still stand by "the only 'wrong' TX is the one not included in a block". Even the , wrong feels too subjective for me to use, I'd prefer the term invalid. Until one or the other is included in a block, they're both valid. This does cause an issue where a miner might know that a block just came out, they start mining on TX2 only to later discover that TX1 was already included in a block. If this happens, yes, work *is* wasted mining an invalid block. This is the reasons why you see so many empty blocks that appear seconds after other blocks. All miners (should) mine empty blocks because they are the safest until they can eliminate the invalid transactions out of the mempool and reassemble a valid block template (and thus avoid wasting work).
In your chef scenario, as long as no work ends up in a block (he finishes cooking the meal), the chef can magically wave his fingers and pull out the salt he put in and add cinnamon instead if you so choose. Now, he's not going to do this unless it benefits him, so if you throw him a penny, he'll do it (ignoring the "effort" factor here, because with mining, swapping transactions is just flipping bits and is already done thousands of times per second, so there is virtually no cost associated with that). The cooking example breaks down, since ingredients added to a pot take effort to undo unlike removing a transaction, hence why it's got to be magic. Since it's all magic, the chef may even be willing to swap your salt for cinnamon without any *additonal* fee, since there's virtually no cost.
@_date: 2019-09-16 22:30:13
t only has something to do with T insofar as we've already agreed that t cannot be &gt;= T, but there is no direct influence on T from t. We're explicitly talking about 0-conf, therefore any t &gt;= T is dismissed.
You say "all blocks have the same distribution of block time length" (which is T), but then you make up TX1-block and TX2-block with different T's. Which is it? I've said that all combinations of the next block is 'T'. The distribution is the same, therefore ultimate definitions of T (like your T1, T2, etc) are all equal to T. I'm not discussing absolute values, but functions of probability. The function doesn't change based on which TX is mined in the block, therefore "TX1-block" doesn't make sense. It's BLK that has TX1, or its BLK that has TX2. The TX is incendntal to BLK.
My advertisement is the same as perfectly greedy miners: "more is more". As long as you pay more, your transaction will be mined on. There is no "sometimes" and no "don't commit" - I've never claimed as much, so you're making stuff up here. More is more, end of ad.
Nothing is wasted because all resources are committed to BLK, not TX1. Swapping TX1 to TX2 has a real cost of zero. No work is wasted on BLK, since BLK+TX1 is valid, just as BLK+TX2.
If you're so confident that 0-conf are safe, I encourage you to try experimenting with it yourself, and you'll see that you are precisely incorrect. Send a TX with 1 sat/byte, wait 7 minutes then send one with 5 sat/byte. For a very low fee (compared to the 7 minutes of work "wasted"), your 2nd TX will be included in a block long before your first one will. If you really want, change the 5 to something higher so you get a next block confirm. Start with a TX at 5, then double spend it with 15 or 20, something to guarantee high enough for inclusion, but well below your calculated necessary fee to include such a TX. This is real world.
As a thought example, if I could guarantee you that the next block comes in 5 minutes (say you were hashing on TX1 for 5 already), would you switch to TX2? Why or why not?
@_date: 2019-09-21 01:13:34
Depends on what the purpose is. US taxes can be calculated by denoting specific coins to spend - which could be UTXO based if you so choose. When UTXOs are combined, you just have to keep track of it another way. It's kind of toxic to do (I'd pick a "per wallet" specific coins spending), but is valid.
@_date: 2019-09-05 21:46:12
If you go the multisig route, you could (not just on a Trezor, but with any wallet, hardware or software), but that would require you to constantly plug in the seed phrases into your device. If you don't mind the extra overhead, then that would work. It would work better if you had a seed stored on your computer/phone for daily spending, maybe a hardware wallet as your "savings", and then have a passphrase enabled on the hardware wallet as a 3rd separate wallet. You would partially sign the transaction with each of these to get a 3 of 3 multisig. Leaking any 2 keys would get some funds stolen, but not all stolen. Leaking all 3 keys *could* lead to a compromised multisig, but unless the attacker specifically checks, they may not realize what it lets them do.
@_date: 2019-09-05 21:45:57
If you go the multisig route, you could (not just on a Trezor, but with any wallet, hardware or software), but that would require you to constantly plug in the seed phrases into your device. If you don't mind the extra overhead, then that would work. It would work better if you had a seed stored on your computer/phone for daily spending, maybe a hardware wallet as your "savings", and then have a passphrase enabled on the hardware wallet as a 3rd separate wallet. You would partially sign the transaction with each of these to get a 3 of 3 multisig. Leaking any 2 keys would get some funds stolen, but not all stolen. Leaking all 3 keys *could* lead to a compromised multisig, but unless the attacker specifically checks, they may not realize what it lets them do.
@_date: 2019-09-10 00:31:21
Well, it's relevant in so far as YOU defined "wrong TX", to which I disagreed on the concept of. This delima only exists in your definition of the situation, not mine. It seems we both agree that "to the miners, it's a choice problem between two conflict TXs; they don't mind the composition of these TXs." Because they don't care, there is no "wrong TX" - it doesn't exist. This is my argument.
We'll continue with your definition of "wrong TX" for the time being though to follow through on the example.
Just so we're on the same page:
1) T is the time at which the block is found, right?
2) t is the time at which TX2 is broadcast with the intention of replacing TX1 right?
If both of these are true, then "T&lt;=t, t+T" is incorrect. Firstly, since we're talking explicitly 0-conf, t&lt;T, by definition. You can't have T occur first, since it would mean a block is found before TX2 was broadcast. Second, "t+T" is meaningless. T is the full time of the block to be found. TX1 is in the block template for t, and TX2 is in the template for T-t (assuming you replace). You could describe the block time as t + T-t (Tx1 time + TX2 time), but that simplifies to just T.
There are no if statements necessary, at least not at this stage.
As a side note, could you explain the purpose of | once more? I thought it was a conditional to replace "if", but you're using them together, so obviously I'm wrong in my understanding.
@_date: 2019-09-09 03:56:16
You're not addressing how you define "wrong TX" in my scenario. You seem to be avoiding this now. We can still proceed with your quiz - nothing you say in response to this is going to affect that, but I am genuinely curious how you personally see this scenario.
T is the length of time until the next block (not time remaining, but time from most current block). You already said that, so I thought we were in agreement there. If that's not what you're asking, then you'll have to rephrase the question.
@_date: 2019-09-01 05:03:18
Work isn't wasted because TX1 is still valid, but TX2 is also valid. There's no difference between swapping TXa for TXb or swapping TX1 for TX2, with the exception that TX1 *and* TX2 is not a valid combination. The issue comes from when a new block is found and broadcast out to the network. During the first few seconds of new blocks, miners typically mine empty blocks, while combing though all the transactions to figure out which transactions in their mempool (their template is empty at this point) are now invalid transactions. The pools have to purge the invalid transactions before constructing a new template. When a pool willing switches to mine on TX2, they put TX1 back in the "mempool" (it's probably dumped from memory as there's a conflicting TX floating around already in memory, but the TX isn't technically invalid yet). Once they find a block, they start with an empty template and purge their mempool (deleting TX1 in the process). If instead of switching they find a block with TX1, then they purge TX2. If they swapped TX1 for TX2 at some arbitrary time, T, if they found a block at nlocktime &lt; T, then TX1 would have been in the block, and if it's &gt; T, then TX2 would be in the block. At no point in time could the miners have ever produced an invalid block, therefore nothing is wasted.
@_date: 2019-09-11 05:48:10
So, if you've defined T as the TX1-block length, then T is also the TX2-block length as well. They're interchangeable as T is the random expression for the coming block.
I make a distinction between "instant" and "0-conf" because a TX that was (assuming perfectly immediate network broadcasts) sent &amp; included in a block (but it's only been 1 millisecond since that block was broadcast) is much more secure than a TX that's been in the mempool (with active work committed to mining it) for 15 minutes. That 1ms block represents work that needs to be undone (which'll take on average 10 minutes), where as there's nothing to undo with the 15 minutes of hashing on a TX without a valid block. In this case, the "instant" transaction is safe to accept, but the "0-conf" one is not. The network has no concept of time outside of blocks, so "instant" doesn't mean much. This is why I'm focused on "0-conf".
@_date: 2019-09-16 04:33:01
Technically not true, but close. Hash power alone doesn't do anything other than reduce the hash power on Bitcoin by 51%, while those miners go off on their 42m fork. You need 51% of the network (and probably a lot more to reach general consensus). The main network that most people call Bitcoin is Bitcoin, regardless of which ruleset it uses. When BCH split off, the majority of users regarded the non-split chain as Bitcoin, and thus the community named it Bitcoin. If, instead, the US &amp; China mandated everyone use Bitcoin, but upgrade to their software nodes that raised the cap to 42m, while the majority defines Bitcoin, then Bitcoin would have 42m cap, while "the original Bitcoin" would be the smaller chain, and would lose the claim to "Bitcoin", despite the core fans still believing it. When you would say "Bitcoin", everyone would think of the 42m coin, since that's what was decided by consensus. Sure, you could have an exchange refuse to call 42m Bitcoin, but that's in the same realm as exchanges calling BTC "Bitcoin Core" - it's simply not true according to consensus.
@_date: 2019-09-13 22:53:09
Okay, and the machines that replace these jobs, just appear out of thin air? They manage their own sales? They repair themselves? They perform R&amp;D on future generations of technologies?
Computers made departments of secretaries obsolete. The printing press made departments of writers obsolete. Everywhere you look is technology replacing simple jobs, and yet there's still plenty of work to do. Technology to free up simple labor allows more complex labor to take place - it's cyclical. I don't ever see a complete replacement of all labor with machines (but if we do, it'll be Terminator, not Wall-E).
@_date: 2019-09-26 22:02:18
Actually, anything received in exchange for work counts as income. If it's not USD, then you calculate their worth and use that value as what you got compensation for. Can't get around income tax on that one...
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:16:00
I really don't have a clue what you're asking of me. I'm telling you that the next block has a random variable time of T, whether that's TX1 or TX2 or neither or both (it would produce an invalid block, but it technically could be mined). If you think it's different, then you'll have to define it.
There's nothing special about TX2-block. Nothing special about TX1-block. There would be something special with TX1/2-block, as it would be invalid, but otherwise either TX is just another TX to the eyes of the network &amp; miners. Nothing is different.
Yes, you are correct in that a 20-conf (albeit at 15 second blocks) is more secure than 0-conf. You have to actively spend energy towards undoing work (in the sense that blocks added to the chain requires energy), unlike a 0-conf that doesn't have any work to be undone. If you swap out the TX of a 0-conf, you haven't wasted any energy (even after mining for 15 minutes with no blocks). You were going to consume that energy anyway, the TX inclusion is incidental.
@_date: 2019-09-15 21:39:22
Quantum mechanics (and that particular example) was just an example of what I was talking about. You don't seem to think you can add probability distributions, that it's not even a thing within math, when it clearly is. Literally 2 seconds of googling gets you:  From there, there are plenty of rabbit holes to explore of different variations and whatnot dealing with distributions and their combinations. This is why I can say "T*10" (loosely) and have it still make sense. It's T added to itself 10 times, giving you a distribution of possible answers.
You did deviate in your suggestion that T &gt;= t. That itself is a deviation. t is defined as &lt; T. I've told you time and time again, T is the time for the next block, regardless if it's TX1-block or TX2-block. It's all the same distribution T. If you don't think so, then you'll have to explain why. I've already said that the next block occurrs regardless of what TX are included, but you haven't seem to have addressed this yet, and are stuck on T being TX1-block exclusive.
I've already provided examples of why my reasoning for "higher fees better" is correct (you make more money for finding the block), but you're ignoring these, over complicating your examples, not explaining your examples well, and dismissing every answer I provide you. I don't know what else to tell you. I've given you everything you've asked for (unless you can't explain yourself well - but that's on you, as I've asked for clarification multiple times). On top of all this, you haven't even asked for me to explain my reasoning, you just ask me for answers to your questions. It's really disingenuous to ask "what is 1+1" and then berate me with "you didn't prove your answer", when you didn't ask for one. Even if I said "3" here, you never once asked why...
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:08:04
Publishing the older version of the channel state gives Bob the ability to steal all of Alice's locked up coins. Bob even has 3 days to detect this and act on it. If he fails to do so, then the channel is closed with the older channel state that Alice broadcasted. Alternatively, Bob could say "hey, forget about paying me, don't worry about it" and they both agree to broadcast the same older transaction, immediately closing it. This is risky to both Alice and Bob though, as whoever posts an older state reveals necessarily information that allows the other party to take the broadcasters coins. You'll have to look up the specifics of which pots of money are at risk, meaning it could all be one sided risk (in this scenario, Bob has no funds locked up, only Alice does, so Bob doesn't have anything to risk by trying to steal Alice's money).
@_date: 2019-09-04 00:39:17
No one told you? Yeah man, we all sold then. Bought back in too. Now there's even less BTC circulating. Better buy all you can afford now before we blow the price back up to sell again. We'll let you in on the secret this time though since you missed out.
@_date: 2019-09-04 04:02:08
Initially, the network is self segregating, as you state. If you had a super birds eye view of the network, you'd slowly see it split, each set banning members of the other split due to seemingly malformed transactions. This assumes that the fork was accidental, or didn't intentionally try to split the network. In this case, nodes may periodically try to talk across the split, but they won't make any progress, and eventually will only end up connected to intrasplit nodes.
Forks can also be configured to respond differently, permanently segregating the networks from one another with no need/way for the clients to regulate themselves.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:16:31
Not necessarily true. I certainly can't sign for my first Bitcoin addresses, as I simply don't have the keys anymore, but did at the time. As others have stated, proving ownership of keys doesn't prove identity or that you had the keys back then, it only proves that you have the keys right now.
That said, I think the strongest argument is his contrasting behavior, not his inability/ability to sign.
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:17:33
Why would you think r/btc was a Bitcoin sub? It hasn't been in a very long time...
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:57:45
But those wallets can't tell your Trezor to use a certain passphrase can they? Cuz you don't need any software to change the passphrase on the Ledger.
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:14:53
If you're given Bitcoin, it's counted as income, so you'll have to file and pay taxes for that. For Bitcoin you purchase, you need to remember the purchase date, price &amp; quantity for when you sell (or trade for another crypto as this also counts as a sale in the eyes of the IRS).
You have the choice of either DCA (dollar cost averaging), which I recommend, or a FIFO method (First In Furst Out), which is what I'm stuck with due to "circumstances". Once you choose a method, make sure you stick with it - consistency is king.
Any sales made give you capital gains or capital losses that need to be reported. Thankfully, these can be offset with traditional IRA or 401k contributions, so you can play around with deductions to reduce your tax burden. If you hold longer than a year, it's long term capital gains, which benefit from significantly lower tax brackets (with 0% federal being the lowest one).
Forks of Bitcoin can be questionable... My personal tax accountant dude says that they're counted as income, since it can't be classified as a stock split, mainly because it isn't stock, but also because it becomes a different property after the split. It would be akin to your car suddenly spawning our another car... You just got some property and thus got income. That said, I've seen many others claim a 0 basis (not sure how these are justified), or split the BTC basis across both coins (like a stock split). So far, the IRS hasn't provided any specific guidance on how to proceed, so you proceed at your own risk. This lack of guidance is part of the reason why people aren't reporting...
@_date: 2019-05-11 15:53:45
The accidental reorgs happen because everyone is lookin for a block at the same time. If I find one and you find one simultaneously, it's more profitable for me to mine on mine and you on yours until someone makes one of the chains definitively longer. You'll have to google search for more info on the specifics though, I don't have them.
@_date: 2019-05-09 20:40:08
I'm pretty sure the algorithm on how you use that big number to do the math is defined somewhere, as is BIP 39. If you create a BIP 39 seed, you can restore it onto any BIP 39 wallet. Don't need the same software.
@_date: 2019-05-26 19:04:31
You've been building computers for 20 years, but you have no idea what happens when you don't have enough ram or hard drive space for new programs? With a limited memory set, you have to make space for the code of the new programs you put on the S. These "programs" are the instructions on how to manipulate the private key to perform a proper signing for the given crypto. The S holds some 10 or so, spending on which ones you pick. If you need more, pickup the new X or a Trezor. It's a limitation of the device itself, which sucks (if you bother with alts).
You don't need to add/remove "wallets" from the software, just from the device. If you leave them in the software, you can monitor their balances (but can't get a receive address until you reinstall the coin's all code on to the device again). It's find if you wanna hodl alts long term, not so much for getting them on an ongoing basis.
The ticket you get is instructions on how to redeem your coins off their site, not a cold storage solution in and of itself. You still need to transfer/redeem them to be safe.
You'll find many different opinions on the different hardware devices, but I've always preferred the Nano S. But that's because I don't fuck around with alts. It's simple, and doesn't depend on the developer's software like the Trezor devices do. There are plenty of others, but I haven't been impressed enough to bother checking them out.
You'll have to do research on BIP39 to really figure out how your seed words work. Essentially, it's a really big number from which you can calculate a Bitcoin seed, and a Bitcoin cash seed, and an ethereum seed, etc etc. Each gives you a specific &amp; deterministic set of seeds (from which more seeds can be generated, etc).
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:22:48
Yes, safety between the 2 devices is negligible. If I recall correctly, the trezor had an exploit that allowed the attacker to see your seed words directly from the device without needing a pin or anything, while the ledger tended to be a bit more resilient to that sort of exploit (but had it's fair share of exploits). I also recall the group exploring the devices refusing to disclose a trezor exploit because it was impossible to fix and would be exploitable permanently, but they didn't mention the severity.
As someone who has both devices, I use my ledger nano s almost exclusively. I like it a lot more than my trezor, despite it being closed source.
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:25:32
Long term federal rate is 0 for lowest tax bracket. You can then make IRA contributions to keep you under this bracket as you realize more gains. I've been doing this for a couple years now, selling, paying 0% federal, then rebuying to raise my coat basis. Only downside is you pay state taxes, unless you live in the handful of state tax free states.
@_date: 2019-05-15 06:12:28
And here I thought Bitcoin were actually stored on the blockchain... Silly me...
Seriously though, these types of posts are what confuse new people. Your Trezor stores a password used to access your Bitcoin stored on the blockchain, which can be accessed from any device that also has the password. If you lose your hardware wallet, you don't lose your coins (although someone could, in theory, steal your password off the device).
@_date: 2019-05-17 05:58:21
At that point, why not just direct deposit the USD into the player's account and then have hem buy Bitcoin? This whole thing is stupid. It's like being asked to be paid in packets of gum...
@_date: 2019-05-07 22:58:49
Not quite true. You have some 60 or 90 days to reverse a CC transaction, and at that point, it is actually reversed. Your account will have a negative balance if someone reverses a CC charge to you, and you'll be responsible for squaring up with your bank because of it.
@_date: 2019-05-27 23:00:41
As I said before, I believe the space was intentionally limited as a security measure, and do believe it's somewhere in the region of kilobytes. As has been shown in the X, hey could have added more space, but they chose not to. Wether or not it actually provided any security benefits, who knows, but I can see it annoying for someone who collects as many alts as you do.
The privacy comment was in response to blockchain's recent push to get people to complete some sorta KYC in exchange for some shitcoin, and my assumption was that this was the XLM to which you referred. It sounds like there's another offer from them though, so it's probably not the same coin which each of us are referring to.
Your Amazon comment is survivorship basis. Bitcoin next was a great investment too... Till they went all "BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITCONNEEEEEEEEECT!" Yet you can't make the same argument with that, can you? The Bitcoin investment of $10 is also survivorship basis, as there were thousands of different technologies that one could have invested $10 into then, all of which could of failed.
I wish you luck with your alts, but, personally, I'm not willing to give up any of my BTC position for any copycat shitcoin a that don't provide anything new or solve existing problems in any meaningful way. The only one I suspect might have its uses is Ethereum due to its smart contracts that Bitcoin can't support, but most of the others are copycat ICOs looking to profit the creators.
For the 24 word seed, I'd highly recommend stamping/engraving in steel and storing that in a safe spot. I wouldn't rely on my memory, since it's quite shit, but stamped steel isn't going anywhere anytime soon, and let's my family recover my coins in the event of my death. I highly, HIGHLY, recommend against putting your words on any online computer (no matter how encrypted, etc). That opens up your attack surface area tremendously. Physical storage is the safest way to store your seed.
The problem with Bitcoin as it currently stands is one of user interface. Right now, there's only 1 layer between you and the raw protocol, whereas we have multitudes of layers between us and the Internet system as a whole. It's really easy to go from "the Internet is a way for all computers to connect to each other to exchange data" to "here is how a packet is formatted and interpreted when it travels from your NIC to your OS". There are several layers which each expand upon each other, which can slowly be peeled back bit by bit to understand the Internet protocol as a whole. Bitcoin has, essentially, 1 layer. You're operating with the entire network in its rawest form currently. Over time, additional abstraction layers will be added which'll provide a nice progression from "it lets you send money to someone else" to "here is how scripts work".
While I don't have a favorite channel or anything, continually looking up specific information (such as "what is a Bitcoin memo?") will help you gradually understand Bitcoin better, over time.
I you have any specific questions you'd like clarification on, feel free to DM me.
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:22:42
No scolding here. You proved that economics works. You were willing to pay a hefty premium to get instant gratification. You (and people like you) create the sections of the market that allow for new, experimental services to cater to those willing to pay the first adopter tax. As you pay for the R&amp;D and risks of the new section to the markets, you help pave the way for wider adoption. Thank you sir, for "wasting" your $1,300, so that one day, my grandmother won't have to.
@_date: 2019-05-11 12:47:05
No... You really need to do some more research on mining in general. If the state owned 60% of the hash power, they'd be producing 60% of the blocks. A block is a block is a block, regardless of who produced it. If the state was trying to attack Bitcoin, those blocks would probably be empty, but they're still valid blocks, and they still contribute security to the transactions in earlier blocks.
If you send a transaction in block 10, block 11 provides further evidence that the miner (and network as a whole) believes that your transaction in bock 10 is valid. Block 12 (even if it's empty) further provides evidence of this. And so on and so on.
What happens when you have a massive amount of hash power is that you now have the ability to recreate block 10a (without your transaction), and then work to create block 11a. Meanwhile, the network as a whole ("good" actors) are working on block 13. If you have &gt;50% hash power, you may be able to produce block 15a before the network produces block 15. At that point, you have 2 chains (one of length 14 (normal network) and one of length 15 (state's private blocks)) with differing lengths. Once the state actor publishes the length 15 chain, all nodes will switch to that chain. All nodes always use the longest chain.
What this means for you is that your transaction in block 10 never happened, since the state created block 10a, which everyone now uses. Block 10 through 14 have all been "orphaned".
This happens through the Bitcoin network as a whole, but I believe the largest non-orchestrated reorg was 2 blocks. This is why most people wait for 3 confirms, because historically it's never "accidentally" happened on the network.
My comment about hoping he confirms to 10 or more would be because of how long the state actor would have to be creating this side chain in secret. It's pretty easy to reorg a handful of blocks, but to secretly mine for hours/days while outpacing the entire network as a whole is much more difficult.
There are a couple ways to help mitigate this, but they're a bit reckless, and should be avoided at all costs. Bitcoin cash setup rolling checkpoints, making it impossible to reorg longer than 10 blocks in the past, but this creates the potential of a hardfork situation, where some people see a 9 block reorg, while others start to reject the new 10 block reorg, resulting in a catastrophic network split. Changing the hashing algorithm would also be possible, but the miners would be highly against that as it hurts them greatly too. Ideally, we continue to grow fast enough that state actors don't get a chance to do this.
@_date: 2019-05-07 22:24:39
In an ideal world, sure, but hats not going to happen as you've said, it wouldn't be in the banks best interest. There will be crypto "banks" in the future because people don't want to be responsible for holding their own crypto. You already see this with exchanges, which act as banks in a sense. What you can't see from them, however, is your own balanced as confirmed on the blockchain.
I suspect in the future, we'll see institution pop up purely as custodial institutions for coin control. It may start as a "you pay us to keep your coins safe &amp; insured" system, but then people will approach them and say "hey, can I borrow some coins to start this business and pay you back 10% interest", and then these institutions will start lending and paying interest on depositor's coins to attract deposits. This is the system we have, and it'll adapt to crypto this way. What will change this is when a bank run happens, and there's no way to bail anyone out. That's when people will get scared and either quit crypto all together or start holding their own crypto.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:02:47
You can send 50 (or any for that matter) BTC to someone over lightning without any issues, assuming you have channels capable of transferring this amount. The network itself could handle any volume/transaction, but what you'll find is that there is no practical way to do this. As others have stated, there are software limits in place (a limitation of the implementation, not of the network), and you'll have to find someone with enough receiving volume, but it is theoretically possible.
Anything you can send on the main net can also be sent across lightning (as far as the network is concerned). Lightning is just cryptographically secure IOUs for coins set aside on the main chain.
@_date: 2019-05-05 03:22:16
I've watched a fair number of his videos, and I didn't see anything particularly wrong with what he's said. Not exactly my cup of tea, but for some out there, sure. Perhaps I haven't watched the worst of his videos, but he's a troll. He's there to piss people off in just about any way he can, but from what I've gathered from him, he's pretty anti-indentitarian and focuses on that for the most part. And that's the anti-racist side, since identitarianism is literally the definition of racism... Please feel free to point me to what makes him a white supremacist though, that should be fun to see what kinda mental gymnastics it takes to get there... And even if he has extremely racist or w/e ideas, I still wouldn't be for silencing them. Drown him out with your own ideas.
My proactive comment is with regards to preemptively banning him before anyone knew he was a customer. Sure, if he's posting about how he's being funded through Coinbase, then yes, *reactively* ban him. But to actively deny him as a customer without backlash? I certainly won't be using Coinbase anymore because of this. If they reactively banned him cuz all the SJWs got their panties in a wad, then yeah, it'd still suck in principle, but I'd also realize they were conceding to demands, not acting on their own. Active discrimination speaks to the company directly, where as proactive can be seen as mitigating a tense situation. Same shitty outcome, but the motive behind each is different.
@_date: 2019-05-07 19:51:16
Model T can use 24 words, but my understanding is that the 12 seed word versions use more than 2048 possible words, so it's not a fair comparison.
I believe the threshold for bruteforceable 24-word phrases is somewhere around 10-12 words. Anything beyond that and it'll take years and years to crack, if ever.
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:58:06
No need to smash the trezor, you could just wipe it and restore your seed words to it later if you really want. You also don't move your coin to the trezor. You'd use the trezor (or ledger, my personal favorite) to generate the 24 word seed, which you securely store. You would then send your coins from the exchange to the address associated with that 24 word seed (which you can ask the trezor/ledger software for a receiving address). Once you have a receiving address (and before you send coins) you technically don't need the HW wallet anymore. It's only useful for actively sending coins out without going through a lot of hassle of dealing with your 24 word seed all the time.
If you didn't have a HW wallet, it's at this point hat you'd have to do something with your seed words, like plug them into a different wallet, in order to be able to spend your Bitcoin. If you have a HW wallet, you can easily &amp; securely restore your seed word to the device and have the ability to spend your Bitcoin without additional headache.
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:06:30
Not necessarily true. How often do you go around using gold in the economy? Sure, to used by a select group(s) of people (jewelry, electronics), but Bitcoin also has those "same" groups who wish to use it natively (censorship resistance/anonymity seekers). For most people (especially 1st world people), Bitcoin is just a speculative investment, as is gold. Its the scarcity (with some group that has a native use case) that drives up value.
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:10:21
Spend and replace is cancer for taxes. Better to wait to see if/when the US changes the tax laws...
@_date: 2019-05-12 13:24:09
All included transactions must be verified before the hash function is done. The miner can verify the transaction by looking at the UTXO it references and making sure the signature is correct (it has permission). Once the list of transactions is built, they can be included in a block (or in the case of a bad state actor, they won't be included, since empty blocks are just as valid). It's the miners responsibility to only include valid transactions, else the network will reject the block they produce, and all the other miners will see it as invalid.
You can see this in action by looking at the BCH fork. After the fork "activated", the BTC &amp; BCH chains were actually identical for several blocks until a BCH miner created a block that was rejected by the BTC network. I believe the same thing happened for BSV, although I didn't follow that split as close.
@_date: 2019-05-20 03:31:10
And that's fraud. In many states, you have to report what you paid for the vehicle for sales taxes/registration purposes, so picking $1 (with 2 BTC on the side) could cause you issues. Additionally, if the seller sold you a piece of shit car, there would be no proving that you bought it from him for more than $1 (if you try to undo the sale cuz of issues or w/e), cuz they could just claim ignorant on BTC. There's no way to prove it unless you document everything.
@_date: 2019-05-15 06:33:29
You're not giving her money though, you're giving her an asset. The IRS has said that anytime it's traded/sold, you'd have to calculate capital gains tax. I imagine it being similar to a home. You can't give someone a home you bought for 100k, despite it now being worth 1 million, and calling it a day. Pretty sure you have to gift the "fair market value", which means someone would be responsible for the capital gains. My guess is it would be you.
To avoid (federal) capital gains, offset your income with IRAs/401ks, and get your income into the lowest tax bracket. If that's not possible, then you're stuck paying the capital gains.
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:17:46
Bitcoin as the network/blockchain is a trustless, uncensorable, distributed, timestamped ledger of *data*.
Bitcoin the currency is the first and main application built on top of the blockchain, as a mechanism to provide incentive to miners to participate in the Bitcoin network.
Any application that requires or benefits from a trustless, uncensorable, distributed ledger can benefit from Bitcoin. Many of which have yet to be invented as this is new technology. When the Internet first was developed, it was no more than a fancy mail system between universities, easily able to be done via traditional methods of the mail service. It wasn't until much later in its development that it became vastly useful as more and more technology was built on top of it. Currency is just the first use of Bitcoin, but I suspect over the next 50 years, we'll have some crazy shit that no one ever dreamt was possible because of it.
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:06:58
Buying something out of country could be prohibitively expensive, not to mention it still links you to a purchase made with Bitcoin, which could be traced back to discover you were breaking the law...
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:36:05
This is the best approach. Store a little bit ($20-200) on the seed without a passphrase, then store the rest of your millions on a (or multiple) passphrases.
Also, you don't need a 2nd ledger to facilitate this... Log into the passphrase wallet, generate an address, put it into notepad (after confirming its legit &amp; you're not vulnerable to copy/paste interception), then remove the passphrase &amp; send to that address (again, ensure your copy/pasted address wasn't changed).
You could even do multisig from the same ledger device using multiple passphrases.
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:14:22
Bitcoin is designed to free people from limitations, and you're in here crying about how organizations should put limits on Bitcoin? Do you know how retarded this sounds?
@_date: 2019-05-10 05:19:05
I get that's what it was traditionally called. It's certainly what I was using as my first addresses. No one uses single keys anymore, but the "technology" (recording it onto a physical medium) hasn't changed behind it, just what we're recording.
It would be like arguing that "well technically, what you're driving today isn't a car, because a car refers to specifically the Ford Model T. What you drive *might* be able to be *called* a car, but it isn't really a car because it's got power steering (etc)" Technology evolves and language does too. A paper wallet is a wallet written on paper (and similar variations).
(Not trying to come across as upset at you directly, it's just annoying how many specific instances I've run into within just this past week that get "well technically"... It's absurd.)
@_date: 2019-05-12 13:18:01
I dislike how simple it is, how accounts have to be added, lack of specific coin control, etc. it's a decent interface for complete noobs, but I want full nitty gritty control.
@_date: 2019-05-10 05:21:03
Have you not seen the hundreds of "/btc is the real Bitcoin and /bitcoin is Bitcoin core" posts? That shit was daily last time I peeked over there. A real turn off since I'm genuinely interested in the BCH developments...
@_date: 2019-05-02 19:12:36
To clarify, supply gets cut in half, and demand either remains the same or slightly increases (under the idea that there are even less going to be mined from here on out). The result of the supply/demand shift is what causes the price to shift. In theory, the price wouldn't move until the halvening event, but buyers are well aware of the impending reduction in supply, which drives demand up "prematurely". Then you have speculators on top of all of that, and *insert roller coaster gif*.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:28:41
Fuck dude... You're rude as hell and this wall of text is unmanageable... It seems your biggest argument is that individuals are the ones to monitor and figure out what's going on, and I fee that most people are going to be uninformed, lazy dirtbags (as per my example). I've personally never seen any additional certificates displayed in *any* resturant I've eaten at, and of the ones I've eaten at, there have only been a handful that I've even seen the A+ food inspector rating on. I know they're there somewhere, but that's a fuckload of effort to go looking for for the masses. No body is gonna give a shit.
It would be nice if people did, but you gotta think realistically here... I don't suspect private entities are going to do anything, and I suspect you'll find much more rampant fraud than currently exists. That's all.
@_date: 2019-05-23 13:52:01
Maybe... Kinda leaves a lot of for risk if someone doesn't think you're giving close enough to fair market value though.
@_date: 2019-05-20 03:21:14
What's the benefit of doing this?
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:23:34
Nope, because by definition, those coins aren't in SegWit addresses. The comment I responded to claimed that having your coins in SegWit doesn't I've you access to your forked coins, which is a fundamental misunderstanding of how forks work.
If you have a fork before SegWit, then sending to a SegWit address splits the coins on the chain, and you still have access to coins on both chains.
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:20:50
Sure, but then why have a blockchain at all? The purpose of a blockchain is to eliminate other authorities because the blockchain *is* the final authority. There's no need for the highly inefficient, distributed blockchains if they need to be moderated. Just use a regular database like is currently done.
@_date: 2019-05-08 14:30:12
You don't need a new wallet for every set of addresses, just use a new passphrase with your existing key set. If you're forced to give up your crypto at gun point, you can compromise the seed phrase without compromising your passphrase, keeping most of your coins safe from attackers. Plausible deniability.
The point at which people will split their coins depends on their holdings. Exchanges batch together thousands of coins. Someone who has 1k coins might split into batches of 50/100. Someone with 100 coins might split into 5/10. Someone with 10 coins might split them up by 1s. If you only have 1 coin and can only afford 1 coin, you may rest easier splitting it up into wallets of 0.1, purely from a safety perspective, not even considering the privacy implication.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:35:20
What law are they breaking? As far as I'm aware, there are none, in any country, that determines what blocks miners are allowed to mine.
There is a lot of stigma around what they'd be doing, so it would end up hurting Bitcoin overall, and unless a significant number of miners did this, they'd get nowhere.
@_date: 2019-05-17 05:56:09
It's actually not. You'd still pay income tax on what value you got. And then then you go to sell or spend Bitcoin you're *supposed* to pay capital gains.
@_date: 2019-05-04 04:19:44
Ledger UI on device is meh, but you don't need it for much, so that's not a big deal. The lack of open source here is the biggest downside to the ledger. I dislike the older Trezor's requirement to type in your words on the computer, and the Model T doesn't give a consistent state when you need to emergency unplug it - it remembers your last saved passphrase, unlike the ledger. The ledger is also dirt cheap compared to the Model T.
I have one of just about everything, but the ledger gets the most use cuz it's quick &amp; easy.
@_date: 2019-05-20 03:22:29
Lookup "mcafee dick line" and you'll find websites that plot it out, show the equation, allow you to modify it to your tastes, etc...
@_date: 2019-05-09 15:41:13
A "paper" wallet is the ultimate cold storage, although I'd highly recommend having it on something more durable than paper. Get a sheet of steel, stamp set &amp; hammer ($20, plus an anvil if you need one, though you should be able to find something suitable). Stamp that sucker out a time or two to store in a couple safe locations.
Use a hardware wallet for warm storage (ability to spend like a hot wallet, but the keys are more secure), if you expect to be transferring periodically.
Use a desktop/phone wallet (personally suggest Electrum) if you want a hot wallet for daily spending, but you shouldn't keep a lot of coins here, just what you would in cash in your normal wallet.
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:28:40
Not sure what you'd use PDFs for, but I'm holding you're not using flash drives to store your seed, as that's a terrible idea. As for paper, try using steel - it works a lot better.
Edit: if you wait too long, you'll be another statistic of those who lost Bitcoin in the latest exchange hack... Good luck with that.
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:37:57
The X is so much sexier than the S... The S kinda feels like a toy after playing around with my new X all day for the past couple days. Not sure if I'll use it for main storage, cuz the Bluetooth connection provides a new attack vector, but I'll hold onto it for a while and see what exploits come of it. If I deem it safe enough in a while, maybe I'll start using it...
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:09:12
There is (or was, not sure) an exploit that allowed someone with physical access to your trezor to dump your seed words (and I think the passphrase? But don't quote me on that). If you lose your HW, you should consider the seed compromised and generate a new one.
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:27:13
Not really. It wasn't worth anything, so he didn't lose out on anything. That's like saying its devastating to not have invested $1000 in Bitcoin in 2010... It just wasn't a possibility for most people...
@_date: 2019-05-27 12:42:12
Yes, for Ledgers app installation, you need to connect to their servers, but once setup, you never need to. I don't believe all the functions of the Trezor are available if you don't use their software though, but the same applies (need to update/initialize via their software initially). I haven't used coldcard yet, would you recommend it?
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:51:56
Just be careful whipping out the device to do something, since if you're connected via Bluetooth and plug in your PIN, there's nothing stopping someone from running off with it and spending all your funds right there. The device won't auto lock as long as they mash a button periodically, whereas when it's tethered, pulling the plug will either turn off the S or prompt for pin on the X. This "run away" method only works on a wireless X, and I don't believe pairing requires the pin either (I can't remember the first time I did it, but a subsequent pairing didn't prompt me).
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:30:08
Reeeeeeallly hope you're trollin/playin along... You don't get to choose the words, it generates them when you tell it to, and it spits out 24 random words. You could generate a handful of sets of words and pick the one you like the most (I did this to verify it wasn't repeating in some manner).
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:33:39
Section 3 on CT says "0 balance som" - shouldn't that be "sum"?
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:17:39
Taxes make this a bitch...
@_date: 2019-05-08 14:39:07
This sums it up. You'll be (or your parents will be) paying more in electricity than you'll be making it Bitcoin. It would be more efficient for your parents to just buy you Bitcoin each month.
@_date: 2019-05-08 14:02:27
Pepridge Farm remembers...
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:03:35
There's no real *wrong* method. Just insecure and more secure ones. You can easily generate offline wallets that you can receive coins to, but it sounds like you're just interested in something like a mobile wallet, which is probably fine for the time being.
As you get more involved with crypto, you can slowly learn what each component is (BIP 39 being your seed words, desktop wallets vs mobile wallets, thin clients vs full client). There's no need to rush as long as you don't have a stupid amount of Bitcoin, and at that point, you'll only be doing yourself a disservice by not knowing as much as you can about your own investment. Start small, as let the knowledge grow over time naturally.
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:21:30
I'd highly recommend a BIP 39 address, rather than a single key.
Generate the key from an offline Tails distribution.
Write the key down by hand and don't print it, as many printers maintain memory.
Never stick this info on your computer, you're just asking for trouble. Any modern computer can try millions of variations of your private key in just a few seconds, so you're wasting your time by trying to "hide it in plain sight".
Engrave/stamp the private key (or seed, preferably) onto a metal plate for durable, long term storage.
@_date: 2019-05-14 07:13:32
What? This is retarded...
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:11:40
Pretty sure this is a troll, but for noobs just coming into the space, it's a serious concern. As it currently stands, you can own as little as 0.00000001 Bitcoin. And in the future, we can add additional digits if necessary. Even if Bitcoin went to $1 trillion, it would be possible to change the division to still pay sub penny amounts.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:52:37
It should be pointed out that you aren't sending your Bitcoin anywhere. They're on the blockchain, where they'll remain indefinitely. What you're doing on Tails is generating a password that allows you the ability to move Bitcoin (that's on the blockchain in a certain address) to another address. There is nothing and will never be anything on the Tails instance other than that password.
That said, I consider Tails pretty secure for what it is, although the official distribution of Electrum doesn't work anymore, so you'll have to download the AppImage from electrum.org and keep it in persistent storage.
If you use Tails (properly installed on the USB) to generate an address, properly encrypt the persistent storage &amp; wallet file, there's virtually no way for anyone to get that info and your coins will be safe forever, until your USB stick dies (which is why you should also save the 24 word seed somewhere).
@_date: 2019-05-18 20:02:49
Anyone know how to get hold of the author?
He featured my home made wallet in his first article and would love to send it off to him to destroy using his methods to show how a cheapo DIY solution would fair compared to more expensive, fancier methods. I suspect that the benefits you get from the "professional" solutions would fair much better, but are probably not necessary if you use multiple backups and/or secure low amounts of crypto on them. For a single point of failure, for sure you want something that'll survive a nuke... Or close to that anyway...
@_date: 2019-05-18 06:36:02
Just so you know, you don't send coins (Bitcoin or any alt) *to* a wallet. A wallet merely holds the private keys necessary to spend the coins that sit on the blockchain. You don't need to be "online" to receive anything, because you aren't getting anything. The blockchain has 100% uptime, and that's where the coins are moved from and to. You're just accessing it *via* your wallet. You only need to be online to transmit a transaction, but as soon as you tell 1 other person about it, you could cut your internet and (assuming proper peer propagation &amp; appropriate network fee) it'll go through.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:40:09
Many times these laws get blown out of proportion in these edge cases (lemonade stand, hotdog stand, etc.) but it's written to cover any business that handles food. I don't know about you, burnin don't really want to eat something from a grill that hasn't been cleaned in years, where its rusting through and I'm getting rust chips in my burger, where the buns are stored in moldy shelves, etc... Permits help to curb those dangerous situations by putting restrictions &amp; regulations on what you can &amp; can't do. Making an exception for kids would be just that, an exception, which would probably be abused. As it stands, any establishment that serves food has to meet certain criteria, depending on state, city, etc... I don't think these kind of laws should go away, as they do more good than harm.
@_date: 2019-05-27 06:53:21
Well, was gonna check this out... I'll pass now.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:10:09
Demanding to be paid in Bitcoin is equivalent to be demanding to be paid in chunks of gold. It's not something the employer regularly deals with and becomes more of a hassle for them, when it would be quite easy for the player to just buy w/e their heart desires using the native currency. Additionally, you're legally required to accept USD for payment, so the power is really in the hands of the employer here, the player has no power to push demands.
@_date: 2019-05-20 21:10:14
It's not necessarily about storage costs &amp; internet speeds (but those do play a role). I think it's more about optimizations currently. We aren't as optimized as it could be, and getting a larger audience to accept changes to the protocol would be that much harder than smaller audiences. If we can force smalle blocks for the time being, upgrading them lagging behind, we can not only keep the chain further distributed, but also force optimization improvements &amp; intelligent design along the way. At some point we'll have to bump up the block size, but if like to see further SegWit &amp; lightning usage. Lighting hasn't been added to Bitcoin cash because there's no need for secondary layers, which prevents them from having true 0-conf, instantaneous, trustless transactions. I'd prefer the harder issues get started being worked on now, rather than just increase the block size intimately until its size bites you in the ass years down the road when it's too late to do anything about it.
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:37:34
Brute forcing 8 words is easy. Stupid easy... In fact, with this scheme, you'd actually only need 1 set of words, and you could just bruteforce the missing ones.
Only storing half your words makes your seed 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 times more secure. Just split up which "halves" you store. (1st &amp; 2nd, 2nd &amp; 3rd, 3rd &amp; 4th) this leaves it bruteforceable with 2, and plug &amp; play with all 3. Not quite as neat, but significantly more secure (and no longer bruteforceable).
@_date: 2019-05-09 14:16:51
Fair enough on the offline section... For some reason that last word scrolls off my screen...
Can you elaborate on why you would need the same software when using a HD seed?
@_date: 2019-05-26 18:55:30
Your point is dumb. How many people do you know now that has 1-10m in cash sitting around? No one? Then neither will anyone have 1 BTC sitting on their hardware wallet in the future.
You can't think of BTC as an arbitrarily fixed value when thinking about the future. If fiat collapses (which it won't), BTC will still be measured by its purchasing power. If 1 BTC = 1 "house", then very, very few people will have 1 BTC (note: I'm taking about holding 1 BTC, not having a net asset value of 1 BTC - this is the equivalent of having $200k in cash just sitting around). Everything is relative to the goods you can purchase with it, BTC will be the same. Sure, you'll have easy adopter millionaires, but as they spend, they'll eventually run out of money, unless they're earning faster (or as fast) as they spend. At this point, anyone doing that will eventually amass some savings, proportional to your income/spending ratio. Nothing changes from the current system.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:14:42
The Trezor One default method is computer entry, which is why I didn't buy one (although I'm pretty sure when it first came out, the *only* recovery method was plugging the words into the computer (random order ofcourse). This is the first I've heard that you could do it on the device at all.). The Trezor Model T's default method is on the device.
@_date: 2019-05-12 15:08:35
Yes, fees encourage miners to include fees. It takes no more work to include transactions that it does for an empty block, so the miner would be throwing away free profits by not including transactions.
If the difficulty is low, blocks come out faster than every 10 minutes. It almost never makes sense to mine an empty block because no additional work is required over a full block, with a couple exceptions.
If there's a proposed fork, a miner may decide to not mine a former transaction because they're not sure if the network is going to accept it, so they may leave out the new transaction types (and if there are no normal transactions, that's an empty block. The other case is immediately after a block is found. When you know a new block exists, you'll want to mine on it immediately, so instead of spending time verifying which transactions have or haven't been included, you immediately start trying to mine an empty block because it's safest. Once you have the time to go through all the previous transactions and filter out what hasn't been included yet, then you can add those transactions to the block you're trying to make. You'll see this where a block comes out within seconds or a minute of another block, and the 2nd one is usually empty for safety. The time it takes to verify a legit transaction is fairy small, but large enough for miners to initially ignore it in favor of getting that much more hashing done on an empty block initially. Here, "verification" just means determining if a transaction is legit, not confirming it is correct (which happens when it's included in a block).
The reason the network gets congested is because there are more transactions made than are included in blocks, pure &amp; simple. This might be because a state actor is pushing empty blocks, reducing how many transactions can go through, or there's a lot of natural activity, increasing the demand for block space. This increased demand is what drives the fees up. If you want your transaction confirmed, you gotta be willing to pay more than me when I want mine confirmed.
@_date: 2019-05-17 13:41:02
I understand what a passphrase is, but it seems that you're not aware that on the Trezor, your passphrase is "permanently" applied once you enter it, and you have to manually remove it for it to go back to your base set of words (unlike the Ledger which always resets to the base words). There is some mechanism that Trezor uses to remember that modulation through device power cycles, which is why it's either storing your passphrase, or its storing your modulated keys, I'm just not sure which its storing.
Edit: by "permanently", I mean it remembers through power cycles, not that it can't be changed or removed when you want, just that the device has that information (some information) stored somewhere.
@_date: 2019-05-16 07:58:40
By definition, any coins that fork off Bitcoin must support SegWit addresses (at least up to the time of the fork - technically they could change the rules directly afterwards), else they're not forks.
@_date: 2019-05-03 00:44:13
It's easy when you forget your passwords and it's too much effort to go find the damn things and figure out how to plug them into all the latest software...
@_date: 2019-05-04 04:02:22
Unless you use lighting, where you pay fees of 0.0001 bits... Or 0.01 sats... Also, I suspect we may have to further subdivide Bitcoin, so sats will be divided further at some point, giving us our decimal places.
@_date: 2019-05-17 12:30:18
It's my understanding that they both perform similarly (using the Trezor software), unless the One can be operated from the device itself like the Nano S?
@_date: 2019-05-09 04:36:16
Interesting... Thought it was more, but I also want to say it wasn't BIP39 that I was thinking of... I'll have to look more into this.
@_date: 2019-05-11 13:01:51
It is the default, that much I know. The minimum fee is something like 800 satoshis or so. You can change it, although I'm not sure if by command line, setting or by recompiling.
@_date: 2019-05-09 14:45:43
His response is pretty good, but I will add that having a passphrase works for more than plausible deniability. There are exploits with some of the hardware wallets that allow the attacker to extract your seed phrase from the device. With a passphrase, you're still protected, and with the "honey pot" on the base seed (some bitcoin's stored on the device without a passphrase), you'll be able to monitor your honey pot to see if it gets taken without your permission. If it does, your seed is compromised, but your passphrases won't necessarily be. It's just good security.
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:19:55
Not necessarily. The IRS may claim it's all income if you can't prove where you got it. Saying "I got it a while back, but trust me" doesn't work, and "I found it" just proves to the IRS that it's income. The IRS loves forcing people into this when you can't prove where stuff comes from, especially any significant amounts.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:38:07
A solution: 2) "Sidechain" - capitalized but you don't define any proper noun "Sidechain" elsewhere. It would probably work better as "the sidechain".
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:16:31
First of all, no one is stealing wealth. Those who are into Bitcoin now may make a tidy profit, but if banksters decided that Bitcoin was the way of the future, they'll still be able to afford vastly more than you or I, putting everyone right back into the exact same situation as with fiat. The major difference, however, will be that we're using Bitcoin not fiat. With Bitcoin's first mover advantage and ability to evolve over time, I don't particularly see something completely supplanting it. Augmenting it in various fields, sure, but I don't see people up and deciding to move to Bitcoin 2.0 just cuz "banksters have more money than me".
@_date: 2019-05-07 19:57:56
Which means this isn't a limitation of the Lightning network, but a limitation on a particular implementation of the Lightning network.
@_date: 2019-05-04 14:16:18
Certainly agree with everything here. Can't really go wrong with almost anything, but those that own both popular options and can talk to both sides help out new comers. I certainly was looking for as much info on the devices until I decided to pull the trigger on a couple of everything.
@_date: 2019-05-11 12:31:35
"App wallet... for iPhone" or "cold storage"?
Pick one.
@_date: 2019-05-27 06:52:30
I'd take the X over the S any day*, even if I keep the Bluetooth permanently turned off. It's a lot smoother and easier to work with. But I'd also take either of those over the Trezor. That's the one that sits in my safe and never sees the light of day. I will say though, I didn't have anywhere near the issues OP had with the Bluetooth. Mine worked first time, every time, without any extra "lag". Yes, there's a bit of a delay, but no more than the desktop version.
A big addition to OP's wish list would be the ability to periodically force a PIN reentry at some point. As it stands, you can turn on the device, have it stolen &amp; the attacker pair it with their phone and wipe your accounts cuz it never prompts for PIN entry (unless you plug/unplug). I won't be using this outside a secure environment*.
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:40:44
The Trezor remembering your passphrase is the ultimate turnoff for me. That alone makes me never use my Model T, since I can't reliably know what state the device is in. I choose to never use it so it remains in the default state. Anytime I do pull it out, I have to double &amp; triple check which passphrase is enabled (none - or the lack of one) before putting it away so I'm confident I know where it's at. It's a pain...
@_date: 2018-12-30 08:48:17
Wouldn't that disqualify all day traders' actions? Don't they open and close positions every couple minutes/hours on some assets?
It also depends on how you're setup to report taxes. If you use FIFO, then every time you sell a bitcoin on the exchange, it's selling an older coin, rather than the "physical one" you sent to the exchange. Hard to explain, but fits my situation. Sent 1 BTC to an exchange and bought/sold it repeatedly to spend coins from 3-6 years ago. Though, I was hunting capital gains, not losses...
@_date: 2019-05-23 02:50:26
What, specifically, will a blockchain allow you to do that can't be done without a blockchain? If you don't have a specific reason, you're looking for the flavor-of-the-month tech word to spice up your dumb idea. Very, very few applications actually need/warrant use of a blockchain.
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:26:51
I think of currencies in terms of their purchasing power. I don't care how many Yen, USD or BTC I have. What I care about and want to know is if I have enough to buy that new car today, or what it'll be worth in 10 years. Conversion into other meaningless numbers doesn't matter. Conversion into food, housing &amp; investments do (in so far as you can get more food/stuff in the future). Currencies allow people to trade goods/services for a common item accepted by everyone so that we can get away from a terrible bartering system, and Bitcoin improves on this by removing a lot of the corruption/inflation associated with centralized currencies. What the price is at, or how much of one gets you another is irrelevant. Currency is a means of transacting one good/service for another, which is what actually holds value.
As for OP, I'll never not use BTC until apps stop giving me the option to display all the digitis necessary... It's what I started with years and years ago, and it's what I've gotten used to. The number of "leading zeros" (after the decimal) just periodically increase. I don't forsee me changing anytime soon, unless it's more economical to deal with others in those terms.
@_date: 2019-05-04 23:33:58
Depends on the position of the corporation. Its "no" for almost everyone, except ones that claim to be public forums (Facebook, Twitter, etc). They are either a private company and subject to moderate their content, or they're public forums that is no longer required to police their data, but then shouldn't be policing their data...
Bad ideas are drowned out by good ideas. Forcing bad ideas underground puts them into isolated echo chambers where the ideology thrives. I also want to know who has those bad ideas so I can be aware of them. Silencing ideas is literally the stupidest thing ever, regardless of how retarded/backwards those ideas are.
That all said, Coinbase isn't in a position of a public forum, so it's free to do whatever they want. It woulda made more sense to wait until they faced public outcry, rather than proactively eliminating him. It's typically bad for business to be proactive.
@_date: 2019-05-26 07:55:18
You actually don't have to plug it into a computer. You can power it directly from the wall and generate the seed on the Trezor. The ledger device doesn't do anything without their software though, so you're SOL there.
@_date: 2019-05-17 18:09:10
Yes, fair market value is taken. This applies to any good/service taken as payment. If help you pack, and you repay me with a meal, I'm *technically* supposed to count that $20 meal as income, worth it's market value (what you paid). No one does, cuz it's not worth the hassle, but you're supposed to...
Gettin paid in Bitcoin would be hard to hide, since your employer is going to submit a "here's how much we paid him" form to the IRS (the number escapes me). It'll list the USD amount that the company paid for the BTC, not necessarily the value you got for it, which may cause additional issues, since those could be 2 different values. If the company reports they paid you $12,000, but the value of the BTC at the time you received it was $11,900, then there's an issue, since neither of you are really wrong...
@_date: 2019-05-15 06:16:28
Blockchain.info, not .com!
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:54:23
Harder? Yes. Safer? No.
BIP 39 has a "checksum" feature that allows you to preserve most of the word and still recover the underlying value. For instance, let's say you have the word written down (or it gets distorted) as "wh***as*". Using your method, you may be wondering why you used to the word "whoreass", but that's okay, you're pretty sure you remembered it. However, if you use BIP 39, you can lookup the word list and see that it's actually "whiplash". You've just error corrected a 50% destroyed word.
@_date: 2019-05-25 12:21:13
I don't think any government (especially the US) is going to willingly give up their financial control for Bitcoin, and I suspect they'll do everything in their power to keep that from happening. Like, say, make it illegal to own Bitcoin, and you have to trade in your Bitcoin for their digital USD... You know, like they did with gold in the past.
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:18:52
While I haven't looked extensively into this, I believe the entire board of directors were highly against the idea, but they're having to put it to a shareholder vote, regardless of what those who run the company think it should or should not do. So, in a sense, yes, those who run the company are being forced to ask for their stakeholders' opinions despite their belief it's stupid...
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:33:47
It's more like "reevaluate at that future time about buying one". Certainly the simplest and safest method is to get one (and the method I'd recommend), but I've redeemed old fashioned, single address paper wallets using an unconnected Tails setup without being compromised. It wasn't super easy, but it's still possible. A HW can service 99.9% of all use cases, but there is the 0.1% that might not need it. It's really all situationally dependent.
@_date: 2019-05-17 12:32:15
Glad to know its been fixed. Guess it's time to unbury mine and do the update... I'd still consider any lost hardware wallet pretty much a compromised seed. Better safe than sorry...
@_date: 2019-05-23 03:01:28
The community could decide to do anything to any of Bitcoin's variables that determine how it operates. It would have to be agreed upon by a significant portion of the network else there's a fork (technically a fork *could* be created for many, many upgrades, but people generally upgrade their software to be compatible and go along with the changes, see you end up with BCH).
You can make the rules stricter with a soft fork, or more relaxed with a hard fork. For example, changing the max coinbase payout to something higher than 50/2^(numHalvenings) (this allows higher inflation) requires a hard fork, because you have to break the rule of "coinbase reward can be no more than this". Going the opposite route (lowering inflation - 50/2^(numHalvenings+1)) still satisfies the "coinbase reward can be no more than this", so it doesn't *break* the rule, just changes it.
Anything modifying any of the fore tenants of Bitcoin will be highly contested (10m block time, POW, halvening rewards, 21m total supply, etc).
@_date: 2019-05-23 14:00:35
Blockchains can't create a *fair* system, because the rules always enforce greedy decisions, which is the core of how a blockchain works. It's not attacked because greed makes you behave. Without the financial incentive, there is no greed to govern the blockchain, and your idea can't ensure "fairness" with a blockchain.
Stop persuing blockchains cuz they aren't suitable for your application.
You've fallen into the trap that loads of other business minds have. Slap a blockchain label on it and it's so much better. This retarded thinking is annoying and needs to end. Blockchains are stupidly inefficient but no one uses logic to analyze their application anymore...
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:51:57
Ledger, hands down. Although, I'd pick up an S over the X right now. You save a bit of money and let people poke &amp; prod at the X to find exploits. In several months or so, the X will have been thoroughly tested and will be significantly safer.
My biggest gripe is that Trezor remembers your passphrases when unplugged, making them unreliable, and I don't believe you can even use a passphrase unless using their own software, unlike he Ledger that lets you do everything from the device.
@_date: 2019-05-09 14:22:11
RIP... As a receiver, I'd prefer to take Bitcoin, and as a spender, I'd prefer to use CCs or something else for the ability to charge back should it be necessary. It's only been necessary once though, through years and years of purchases.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:45:25
BIP39 allows for passphrases, not just ledger, not just Trezor, not just (insert another wallet here). What's commonly recommended is to generate a BIP39 seed, store $100 (or whatever you feel comfortable having in your normal fiat wallet, and the rest on a passphrase. This allows you to give up the daily spending wallet, but keep the passphrase/cold storage wallet safe. If you really want, you could have multiple passphrases, but it gets really complicated really quickly, and you're more likely to forget your own passwords than get them stolen at that point.
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:29:17
The PIN unlocks the device, but the passphrase modulates your 24 word seed to derive an entirely "new seed". Even though you're operating with a new seed, it can always be derived with the base 24 word seed + the same modulating passphrase (25th word).
@_date: 2019-05-11 13:01:39
The chrome app is no longer supported. Weird that ledger live isn't supported on w7...
Once you've got your device initialized, you won't need ledger live ever again, unless you want to support the newer coins or periodically update. For that though, you could use a friend's computer or something...
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:00:40
I have a Nano S (4 actually), Nano X &amp; Model T. I'm holdin off on the X cuz of unknown vulnerabilities with Bluetooth, but it's a significantly more solid device than the S. That said, the S is my go-to well before the nicer/more expensive Model T.
I use a lot of passphrases, and the Nano S works exceedingly well in this regard. It's easy to change the passphrase on the device, allowing you to use any wallet software that supports hardware wallets, while the Model T had to be configured from the Trezor software (thankfully the passphrase is entered on the device though), and then rebooted to get it working. The major downside to this is that the Model T remembers your last used passphrase, which can be disastrous if you have to run while logged into your main wallet, rather than your plausible deniability/no-passphrase wallet. The Nano solves this by always forgetting passphrases when unplugged/turned off.
That all said, as others will point out, the Nano does have a closed source chip, but it's been audited and such. Those who don't personally crawl through the Trezor open source code are trusting someone else to review their code, just as I'm trusting someone else to review the Nano code, so there's no real difference to me. I'll give those who argue the scaling difference, where the entire world *could* inspect Trezor, but not Ledger - they win that argument.
It all really depends on your personal preferences. I'd get the Nano S for anyone new to crypto, hands down, but if you have any further questions, let me know and I can share my experience.
@_date: 2018-12-14 10:07:59
Someone no one has mentioned yet is that the block you're trying to solve is constantly changing. If you start the nonce (random number as part of the hash) at 0 and go to its max (let's pretend it's 100), that would be searching the full space of possible solutions... For that specific set of transactions... For that specific time stamp...
Change the transactions, change the order of the transactions, change the timestamp (in theory this would go up every second), and now you're hashing an entirely different problem. You may actually have found 10 valid blocks with a timestamp of 11:07:01, but the potential block was changed to use a timestamp of 11:07:02 before all the nonces could be iterated through. You'll never know, and because the search space is so massive, it doesn't matter.
Essentially, because all of things things are in constant flux, and there's no guarantee that every set of variables will even be capable of producing a valid block at all, there's no way to "make progress". It's all just random guessing with random variables. Eventually someone will make enough random guesses... Or not...
It's quite possible, although not necessarily probable, that 2 completely separate miners will try to hash the exact same set of transactions, ordered exactly the same way, with the exact same timestamp and the exact same nonce... it's unlikely just due to the sheer number of possible combinations. This sheer number doesn't guarantee a valid result, and is always changing on top of everything else.
If a valid result was guaranteed (guess a number from 1 to 50 billion), you could make progress, since there's a limited search space. Bitcoin doesn't have this due to the randomness of hashes. There may not exist a valid hash within the entire search space of the current set of variables.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:47:53
Putting your seed on a USB stick or hard drive is a hot wallet, not a cold wallet. A warm/cool wallet would be a hardware wallet, which lets you safely spend from a seed. A true cold wallet would be just the seed you generate on your own (offline) &amp; record (write it on paper, wngrave it in steel, etc). You can then import the xpub to get receive addresses or monitor your balance.
@_date: 2018-12-18 07:59:29
Yes, it's the unfortunate side effect of not taking the quick fix rout, but that happens, and was expected to happen. The fact that millions got turned off of Bitcoin is perfect, because that pushed out the mass adoption timeline. Bitcoin is very much in its infancy, and I'm not eager to have everyone using Bitcoin at the moment... In 20 years? Sure, but not last year, not now and probably not for the next several years. I really would prefer to crypto space to mature a bit more, have more regulation in place so that when mass adoption comes, it'll be confident and seamless. Right now, Bitcoin can't scale. But it doesn't need to immediately, so long as scaling it's not ignored. There's a lot of cool tech coming into Bitcoin and crypto as a whole, and I'd love for that to get established before everyone floods the network. Until then, we will see more times of congestion and times of empty mempools. As long as we aren't getting sustained flooding (which last year wasn't by any stretch of the imagination), I don't see the quick fix being the one needing to be implemented.
I don't think in weeks and months... I've got my focus on the long game, 5-10 years at a time. Who knows what'll happen during that time, but in my opinion, taking the quick fix creates complacency such that the complicated fix doesn't ever get done. If you've increased the block size once or twice already, why develop the Lightning network when you can just increase the block size again?
That's just my opinion. May not be the popular one, and I doubt you'll agree, but that's okay. The beautiful thing about Bitcoin is we don't have to agree.
@_date: 2019-05-30 17:59:03
Sounds like you're set then! Congradulations. I'm lookin to join you in about 10-15 years or so.
@_date: 2018-12-05 19:48:21
FIFO ftl... Couldn't average cost mine due to poor record keeping. Best I could do was FIFO, which is still better than specific coin spending.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:27:38
I agree with what you're saying, and I don't believe I've misunderstood you. I do think that you *should* get a hardware wallet even if you don't plan on spending a lot, but it's not necessary.
In our scenario, we're planning on a 10-year timeframe, and I doubt that what we have our right now is more perfect (and won't be available) then what comes out in 10 years. If you don't *need* a HW now, then there's no *need* to get one. Just securely generate your seed, record it down, get the xpub, then wait 10 years to get a HW then, when you want to do something with them.
@_date: 2019-05-09 04:43:21
Yes, it's taxable (unfortunately). They'll know about it when you report it. If you never report it, then they'll figure out about it if/when you get audited. What you're avoiding, when you voluntarily pay your taxes, is the detection of tax evasion. If they audit you and find you were actively hiding a bunch of crypto, you're gonna get slapped pretty hard. There are a variety of ways they can track this info in the future if it becomes a problem (such as requiring Amazon to periodically report BTC sales so they can lookup to see if you claim BTC gains/losses on your taxes).
@_date: 2019-05-23 13:50:28
Was just clarifying, as I didn't see your previous post about capital gains, so I had to assume others may not have as well. My apologies.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:28:31
A heavy fee market, while bad for users in the short term, provides incentive to everyone (especially corporate entities who tend to be moving the most around) to further improve their efficiency. The amount of transactions we're supporting now is comparative to back in 2017 during the bubble, and yet fees are still pretty cheap. I'd personally prefer to see a (temporarily) high fee market to encourage the different companies coming into Bitcoin to seriously consider their effect on the blockchain &amp; fee market. If they can be convinced it's worth looking into optimizing before they start, we'll all be better off long term.
That said, an extremely high fee market over a long time can be detrimental. It's a bit of a balancing act.
@_date: 2018-12-25 21:13:06
That's a bit rude and really not on topic. The issue isn't necessarily not having enough money to buy the bitcoin, but not taking the market volatility into account. OP should have purchased $100 worth, and it wouldn't have been an issue. And exchanges also aren't the issue. You pay a fee for their services (same as LBC, same as ATMs) and they make on boarding significantly easier for the average joe - at the cost of anonymity. Though, you could always just wash your coins after your purchase and claim they were stolen.
You did touch on a couple of key points that bitcoin does do well currently - privacy &amp; self ownership. If OP doesn't value these things, then he has no use for bitcoin and probably shouldn't have gotten started unless he was only doing it for educational purposes. Purchasing just enough bitcoin to do this singular transaction seems to counter that idea though.
@_date: 2019-05-07 22:59:53
Banks can undo anything under the right pressure (governmental, laws, etc). Bitcoin can't be undone even under the threat of death. No comparison.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:16:41
I agree. I lean more towards a small increase myself, but I think the smaller blocks causing the higher fees now helps with the optimization developments, and that will be more useful in the future than larger blocks.
@_date: 2018-12-18 19:59:11
To think that we're ready for millions of people to immediately jump onto lighting, let alone Bitcoin, is stupid. If blocks become continuously full (not from clear speculation of a bubble), then upping the size can be done as necessary. I'd rather hold off on that for as long as possible while other work can be done that takes longer to implement.
For instance, when lightning first was implemented, if you wanted to increase the amount in your channel, you had to choice but to close and reopen a channel, creating 2 on chain transactions. Now, we're working on getting batching in place, where participants can group up to create a single on chain transaction between all of them. This combined with other developments on Bitcoin such as privacy features, signature aggregation, etc, means that the combined transactions are more efficient than individual transactions. I don't particularly want millions of people opening lightning channels before it's efficient and easy to do.
@_date: 2019-05-17 12:35:16
Then how does the device remember your last used passphrase? Is it just remembering the modulated seed? You can ask it to just "remove passphrase", so it always needs to have the base seed stored somewhere, and either store the passphrase, or its store the modulated seed generated by the passphrase. My assumption was that it stored the former, rather than the later. If you have any additional info on this, I'd appreciate it.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:33:41
My understanding is the X over Bluetooth behaves in much the same way as the S over USB. Is it possible for an attacker to intercept what gets sent over USB via virus? Sure. But that's why you confirm it on the device. Can it be corrupted over Bluetooth? Sure, but that's why you confirm it on the device.
I think the biggest downside will be if someone does a MiTM attack, where they're just eavesdropping to reduce anonymity. If they know you just used your X to send someone $2000 in BTC and got change back worth $5000, then that makes you a bit of a target. We'll have to see what exploits come of this.
@_date: 2019-05-31 15:37:37
Ledger live can import the public keys ("add account") for as many devices as you want. You can setup the same wallet on both the S and the X, or a different wallet on each, or have each with different wallets &amp; passphrases combined.
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:19:59
What would you call a HD wallet seed on a piece of paper? I've always called these paper wallets... Since they're, you know, wallets on paper... Someone earlier pointed out in another post it's not technically what a "paper wallet" is, but as technology evolves, so should terminology. I'm curious to know what the more technologically advanced paper wallets are (or should be) called.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:16:19
It is if you live in the US. Any spend/exchange of BTC is a taxable event...
Edit: this said, if you earn less than $0.50 in capital gains, it's reported as $0 earned in capital gains, but still takes up a line on your tax forms.
@_date: 2019-05-15 22:04:04
Only their newest Nano X has Bluetooth, but it's probably still secure. Time will tell what exploits come of it.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:45:50
How does it work: ending text) I think it should be "For X deposits, ..." With the comma. Without it, it sounds like a run-on.
@_date: 2019-05-27 18:10:01
Wasn't aware you could do that with the Trezor offline. I only jumped on board with the Model T. I wasn't a fan of having to use the computer to input the seed phrase into the One (which I now understand has an advanced option, but didn't at the time I bought my Model T).
Hmm, I'll have to check out the coldcard  then.
@_date: 2019-05-14 12:36:43
Highly appreciated!
@_date: 2019-05-06 07:30:04
Crypto is taxable anytime it's converted to fiat, which includes exchanging it for anything of value. If you trade your BTC for ETH, the IRS considers it a sale to fiat and a repurchase of ETH. if you buy a sandwich from a shop, the IRS considers it a sale to fiat and then the owner either rebuys BTC or keeps the fiat. Anytime you use your crypto, it's a taxable event. Also, claiming ignorant is difficult when the IRS has already stated it's considered property for tax purposes.
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:51:03
Fair enough. The post made it sound as if it was because of Bitcoin that you could retire, not that it just contributed to that edge crossing.
I am curious though, without Bitcoin, were you plannin on retiring soon or continuing to work to 60-70s? Our situations are somewhat similar, so was wondering what rough targets/thoughts you also considered - no specifics cuz safety and all.
@_date: 2019-05-11 15:52:10
Well... Any hardware wallet you run into is gonna have their fair share of issues. I'll take my nano over my trezor any day of the week. It's simple enough to use and gets the job done. And if ledger goes out of business, I can still use them long into the future.
@_date: 2019-05-15 22:19:31
If you're buying as an investment and not as a money, a stamped steel seed phrase card works well enough. Just import your xpub into something to get receive addresses. The person that does this would have the goal of just buying crypto as purely an investment strategy, and not having easy access to spend may help holding. Down the road (5-10 years), that person might consider buying a hardware wallet to spend regularly, or maybe they decide to just move it all to an exchange and sell it all off. Hardware wallets work for most people, but there are times/situations that they aren't worth the investment.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:41:21
A solution: 4) is there a difference between "liquid users" and "Liquid network"? It seems like you've made the distinction between the "Bitcoin" blockchain and owning "bitcoin" coins, but it seems like it should be "Liquid users" since they're moving liquid on Liquid (and hence using the network).
@_date: 2018-12-28 10:24:50
You lose refund protection from online stores... Exchange fees when purchasing the replacement bitcoin... Transfer fees from those exchanges (typically larger than normal network transaction fees)... And it can be a headache if you have to do a return, depending on how the companies are setup (not all have issues, but some do).
Spending &amp; replacing just pays fees to exchanges on both sides (the shop selling BTC &amp; you buying BTC). We already have better systems than BTC for this... Let it spread adoption slowly over time, solving problems that we don't have good solutions for, and eventually it'll start looking like a decent alternative for what we already have super easy without BTC. Credit/debit cards are dead easy and aren't going anywhere, but in time, may be "backed" by BTC rather than fiat. Don't rush into a market that's not ready for it - you'll just look stupid.
@_date: 2018-12-01 11:10:23
Is this an offer to sell or are you saying you bought one for 1 BTC?
I picked up a 2012 Honda CBR 1000RR for 2 BTC last year, right before the run up, which would have gotten me several 1000RRs, but whatever. I just added a 2000 Kawasaki KLR 650 for 0.33 BTC just a month or two ago. Nice reliable bike.
@_date: 2019-05-30 18:02:59
I believe each word is unique after the first 4 characters, with the rest of the word just bein fluff to help you remember the first couple letters.
@_date: 2019-05-28 06:30:01
You can coinjoin and not give up possession of your keys.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:43:30
How does it work: 5) shouldn't it be "Bitcoin blocks" not "bitcoin blocks"? You're taking about the chain, not the coin itself.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:05:03
No worries - I didn't catch it on my first read through either.
@_date: 2019-05-31 15:39:33
It's not been sent yet, it's just been broadcasted, so this is bad advice...
@_date: 2019-05-27 13:46:01
You express confusion on the symptom, rather than the underlying cause. This typically implies confusion as to what the cause is. You questioned why you had to keep swapping wallets, not why it was a design decision by the development team to intentially include a smaller-than-would-be-desirable amount of memory (to my knowledge, it was to reduce the attack vector of malicious code. If you have fewer bytes to work with, you can't do nearly as much maliciously).
I do him other alts, but don't ever trade then or anything, so I installed their apps once forever ago and deleted it the same day. Haven't had to put it back since. As for XLM, hope that $12 was worth your privacy... I wouldn't give that info to blockchain even for $100, but to each their own. I also don't see any merit in 99% of alt coins, so it's a shitcoin to me right off the bat.
I don't suspect Bitcoin to be the end all be all. But it's by far the best of anything out there currently, and I don't forsee any alt suddenly taken it over without there being a transaction period. I will reevaluate then if necessary.
There are severa stories of people getting those tickets and never redeeming them, only to find that they bought 10 Bitcoin years ago with no way to get them today. Make sure you redeem them and pull them into your own wallet.
The PIn is device specific, to prevent an attacker from accessing the device, and has nothing to do with the BIP39 seed. BIP39 comes in either 12, 18, or 24 word variations, all secure. I, personally, prefer 24 word ones, but that's just me. Many like the 12 words and then memorizing them so they don't have to write them down anywhere. It's pretty much all personal preference, but the S can restore a wallet with 12, 18 or 24 words, so your options are pretty open.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:34:57
How does it work: 1) "adress"
@_date: 2018-12-18 08:05:59
I'll be honest, I'm not sure why we didn't end up with the segwit2x compromise. In my opinion, it would have been more productive to realize a chain split was going to occur and reach a compromise. "Hey, we'll double the block size for now, but let's work on more long term stuff that doesn't just involve editing an integer in the code, yes?" As long as that could be agreed to (to be honest, I wasn't following that closely), then I felt it was a fair compromise. I don't have the whole story, so I'm sure there's things on both sides that is missing, but I think the fork ultimately hurt Bitcoin more than a bit of a compromise from both sides. Blocks eventually need to increase in size... But we also need to keep everything as efficient as possible... I don't see why a little give &amp; take wouldn't hurt...
That said, it's quite possible the "easy way out" of just increasing the block size would have been pushed repeatedly until a fork occurred anyway, which could have taken pressure off optimization. Who knows... I'm just along for the ride.
@_date: 2018-12-25 19:00:05
Were you online back in the days of dial-up? Or... Earlier? When it took entire teams of researchers at universities working for months on end to get a connection between schools so they could send "Hello World" once? Wasn't easy then, but sure is now.
Technology evolves. You've taken a great leap forward of what most people do, which makes you an early adopter in Bitcoin. Sure, you had a bad experience, but you've already used bitcoin, which is a lot more than most people will do for years. If you're not interested in what it can currently do well (which is unfortunately not internet payments), then you don't have a use case for bitcoin. So, leave, keep it in mind, and see where it's at in 20 years. If you do more research into it, you may find that it's other features are what make it worth while... Not it's slow internet payments to companies - we already have that, and they're done fairly well (for the consumer).
Peer to peer transactions? Most people won't take credit cards, but bitcoin hasn't gotten enough recognition to work for that at the moment... But eventually it'll work its way there. Unless you have a use case, you don't need to use bitcoin. Once a significantly number of people start using it, you'll have the use case you're looking for. Curiosity of an early adopter, mentality of a late adopter.
@_date: 2019-05-11 12:30:35
If you've already updated the apps on your Nano S, ditch Ledger Live and use Electrum. Only time I use Ledger Live is once a year to update firmware and such...
When you say "Bitcoin app crashes whenever I try and open it" do you mean it crashes on the Nano S? Or do you mean Ledger Live crashes?
@_date: 2019-05-02 19:05:24
I was just playing the "well, technically" game, but you are correct. I'd also agree that Satoshi probably destroyed his keys. I think there would be too much risk in even having those keys exist, lest they get out in the wild...
@_date: 2019-05-12 13:19:47
Yes. If you have the longer chain, you were the one who found the block reward and it makes you more profit. Same applies for me. It's a constant competition.
@_date: 2019-05-27 06:44:59
Most people do this - having imported it into their favorite wallets for monitoring. Just be mindful of what your "total" is... Wouldn't want someone to look over your shoulder to realize your wallet says you have 100 BTC on it...
@_date: 2019-05-09 04:40:31
And your method used 3rd party sites on an active connection... Which is highly insecure and prone to compromise... (To be fair, you said to use the source code of the 1st site, so that could be assumed to mean to have it done offline.)
Regardless of how you generate the 2-of-3 public address, you don't need to use the exact same software to create a signature for the address. Down the line, the participants can use whatever software/hardware they want to sign their portion of the transaction (provided that software/hardware supports it).
@_date: 2018-12-18 19:53:33
That's quite possible. As I said, I wasn't terribly well researched on the debate - it was kind of a turn off for me. On the surface I didn't mind having both, as long as it could alleviate the pressure to continually jack up block sizes. As you said, it's possible that if we went down the segwit2x path, it wouldn't have alleviated any pressure, and a portion of the community would be crying for a hard fork every month to increase the block size further, and we'd be back to where we are today, only with having already caved in once.
@_date: 2019-05-07 19:40:36
This. Banks aren't going anywhere, get over it.
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:04:59
In theory you would be safe, as it's pretty unlikely that you'll end up with a compromised device that passes the company's verification process and provides you with different seed words every time you generate a new one.
If I bought a used device, I'd update it, verify it (which could include opening it up), then generate 10-20 new seeds (which would be pretty tedious), just to make sure it wasn't preprogrammed to provide the same seed repeatedly. Once confident, I'd move $20-100 onto it and wait. If it's still there after a couple weeks (and maybe a couple of transactions), then I'd feel a lot more confident about it. Add a passphrase and transfer whatever you want onto it at that point.
As others have said though, it's really worth it to buy directly from the companies for maximum ease of mind.
@_date: 2019-05-06 05:43:42
Fair enough. Just letting you know. I've long told people here that many in the general public won't be interested in holding their own coins, and would rather trust it to a 3rd party. The unfortunate part of this is it'll take many of these 3rd parties failing for people to learn that they carry significant risks. There is no bailout for Bitcoin. When "your" coin is gone, it's gone. Sure, the government could print more fiat and give to a custodian "bank" to compensate you your lost Bitcoin, but good luck buying back as much as you had, since demand would just drastically increase from everyone at that "bank" doing the same. That's a significant risk. For anything less than 1-2 BTC, sure, it'll suck if it happens, but it ain't the end of the world. If you manage to accrue more than that, I would seriously consider a hardware wallet and looking into storing your own coins.
@_date: 2019-05-22 03:46:48
1 prefork BTC is worth 1 BTC + 1 BCH + 1 BSV + 1 BTG + nothing else worth sneezing at. I'll leave you to do the math...
@_date: 2019-05-10 00:14:28
You're guessing 12 or 24 words from a list of 2048 possible words.
Plug 2048^12 or 2048^24 into your calculator on your computer and see how big a number you get... Then assume you could do 100 trillion checks a second (you can't get anywhere near this), and then you'll realize it'll still take you millions of years to search any decent amount of the possible search space.
@_date: 2019-05-03 00:41:34
True, and a very important distinction to make.
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:08:38
Hopefully grandmother... Don't want her to kick the bucket quite yet... Maybe within another 10 years, but until then, with adoption starting to go exponential, who knows...
@_date: 2019-05-17 13:33:48
You pay income when you receive income (in whatever form - speaking for the US). If you receive $1000 cash, you pay income tax on $1000 of income. If you receive $1000 worth of BTC, then you pay $1000 worth of income tax. Capital gains only comes when you sell (and an exchange for Monero, for instance, sounds as a sale of BTC &amp; but of Monero, even if you didn't go through fiat).
Sure, you could do a Monero exchange &amp; sale in private, but you still gotta report that, else it's tax evasion if they catch you.
@_date: 2019-05-17 18:13:30
You do bring up a good point that something is also stored on Ledger as the 2ndary PIN, which is a feature I forgot about. Now I wonder how they're storing that...
My biggest concern is how the passphrases are stored, and what that information could potentially give an attacker. I'd much rather them have access to the full modulated wallet, rather than them having the plaintext password that I use, just from a security point. The modified wallet is just a wallet, but if I reuse passwords, that plaintext password may be able to unlock more information about me.
@_date: 2018-12-28 14:27:08
I'd agree that you swap some of the disadvantages if you're paying for goods not priced in your native currency. And I also agree with "this can be better in the future". We'll get there eventually, but we're not here yet. The future is looking amazing with really cool options and ease of payments, and I wouldn't be surprised if we end up replacing many currently existing systems with cryptocurrencies (or at the very least, being side by side). We'll get there eventually, but there's no need to try to push Bitcoin to be what it's not good at. Let it get better first, and then it'll be a natural choice for the masses.
@_date: 2019-05-20 03:36:51
You shouldn't keep the passphrase attached to the Trezor though, as you don't have plausible deniability if forced to unlock it. If you unlock the device and show an attacker $20-50 on the base seed words, or under a fake passphrase, they may just leave you alone as you've "given up all your crypto funds". If you're forced to unlock the device to your actual wallet, it'll all be gone...
@_date: 2019-05-28 13:43:32
Why are you storing your keys digitally? There's a chance you won't have your Bitcoin by the time it "moons" if you insecurely store your keys... You really shouldn't have *any* digital form of your keys anywhere...
@_date: 2019-05-08 14:54:36
Each coin can be traced by which "pot" they come from. The way Bitcoin works is by grouping coins up and spending all the grouped coins, creating new groups.
Let's say you have 10 BTC in your account, put there over 4 different transactions. You got 5 BTC, 2.5 BTC, 1.5 BTC &amp; your latest 1 BTC. If you want to spend 1 BTC, there are a couple ways to do this. You can group all 4 transactions into a single pot and spend from that, creating a 1 BTC transaction to someone and a 9 BTC transaction to yourself. This is known as UTXO consolidation (you combine many UTXO (unspent transaction outputs) into a new, single, larger output (your 9 BTC)). This has the benefit of combining lots of 0.0002 transactions to create a pot large enough to spend a full Bitcoin from.
Alternatively, and what most wallets will do, is they'll find the smallest UTXO that you have that is large enough to cover your transaction. In this case, you're sending 1 BTC (plus a fee), and the smallest UTXO you have is the 1.5 BTC pot. Your wallet will then send 1 BTC from your 1.5 BTC UTXO, creating a new UTXO (change to yourself) of 0.5 BTC.
What this means is that incredibly specific coins are not traced, but rather taint other coins. When you combine your 5, 2.5,1.5 and 1 UTXOs into a single 9 + 1 out, you take your tainted 1 BTC in and tainting all your others. You may be spending 1 BTC or you may be spending 9 BTC, the transaction looks identical, so each "pot" gets a portion of the taint, until it can be combined with other data to clarify taintedness.
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:19:48
Increasing the block size is literally a 2 second fix... Designing and implementing lightning is an ongoing process, and has been in the works for a year or more (can't remember exact date proposed &amp; presented). I want the more complex systems developed first, since they'll take a long time to implement and spread. The simple fixes can be done later, when they're more necessary.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:43:58
That's correct. The only safe block is an empty block when you aren't 100% sure which transactions have cleared and which haven't. Once you get the newest block, you immediately get all your miners working on an empty one to follow it. During the next 20-30 seconds, you go through your mem pool of transactions, deleting the ones included in that newest block you got. Once you double check for the transactions legitimacy, you then start adding them back into the block your attempting to find so you can collect fees. This process is usually quick, which is why you can find blocks 30 seconds apart full of transactions, but varies implementation to implementation, so you'll also find empty blocks a full minute out.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:47:21
Advantages: "each Liquid transaction is bitcoin pegged to the Bitcoin blockchain" - capitalization consistency.
@_date: 2019-05-20 03:33:26
Not income tax, capital gains, for which there is a 0% long term bracket.
@_date: 2018-12-30 09:00:20
Another implementation or two would actually be very welcomed by me for Bitcoin... With different enough code bases, you could avoid having entire network catastrophic failures like is possible with a single implemention, like the inflation bug fairly recently. With a different code base, that could not have been an issue with those clients.
Keep in mind that the protocol of Bitcoin itself must be followed by all implementations of the client code, so multiple clients does absolutely nothing to affect how Bitcoin operates or what's valid, etc. If it doesn't, it'll fork off and not be a Bitcoin client. As long as it's a Bitcoin client, it's guaranteed 100% to be following the Bitcoin protocol properly (else it wouldn't be a Bitcoin client).
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:45:13
They don't make a cable for iOS, so this is the only hardware wallet that works for iOS as it currently stands (that I'm aware of). I'd also say the device itself is much easier to use and feels more sturdy, even if you're still forced to use the 2-button input methods of the S. I'd gladly setup an X over an S any day of the week.
I'm with you on the wireless though, waiting to see what exploits come of it... But even still, you can disable the connection on the device, and (as long as it's truly disconnected), you should be fine. My biggest gripe is that it doesn't have an auto-lockout feature where it forces you to logout (regardless of activity) every so often. It's super easy for one of these to be stolen out of your hands, and as long as the attacker can keep the device awake, they shouldn't need to reenter a PIN. That makes it kinda scary to carry around... If it forced logged you out periodically or over zealously prompted for PINs, then it might not be so bad (logging you out on a failed attempt).
@_date: 2018-12-14 09:44:00
If you bought ETH, then you're clear from any income tax (unless you mined), but when you traded your ETH, it was a taxable event. Imagine you sold the ETH for some set price (you'll have capital gains or losses from this sale) and then immediately used that money for the other coin, giving you your cost basis. Now that you've sold your other coin, you'll owe capital gains or have capital losses from it.
Long term vs short term is decided by 1 full year. And to avoid a potential "wash sale", you need to wait 31 days to rebuy.
Ex: bought $10k ETH, held for 3 months, traded ETH for ALT (was worth $14k at the time), and now ALT is worth $8k, 11 months later. With this example, you'd owe $4k worth of short term capital gains for the ETH, but could claim up to $6k in capital losses to offset the gains. The extra losses can be rolled over if you don't have enough gains to cancel them out.
@_date: 2018-12-18 20:08:45
Except, doesn't fractional reserve lending create artificial supply? Isn't that why the price crashed - because the futures market created a shit ton of fake BTC but didn't actually affect the BTC market via settlement?
Sure, you'll never have more than 21 million physical coins, but not everyone is going to hold onto $50 million worth of bitcoin. They'll keep several ten thousands around, but personally holding $50 million is quite scary. There are going to be institutions built that protect BTC from theft from the majority of people who just want their investment to work. Similarly to gold in the past, and we know where that went.
To say there will never be more than 21 million, you also have to acknowledge that it's 21 million real, redeemable coins, and encourage people to only accept "redeemed" (withdrawn) coins as actual payments. I certainly will, but my grandparents just look at a number in Vanguard or Fidelity. They don't care that it's not real and is only a number that doesn't represent anything. That's what we need to try to encourage from happening.
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:18:34
Unless those nodes don't pass along free transactions, as most nodes don't. As long as you're *willing* to pay for verification, all nodes will verify for free, even if it doesn't clear, but most nodes are configured to ignore fee free transactions.
@_date: 2018-12-27 00:35:17
I use FIFO, which has the side effect that I can I transfer a small amount of BTC to an exchange and repeatedly sell/buy it back to realize capital gains (all of it long term). As long as I keep a record of everything, it'll gradually increase my FIFO cost basis of my coins over time for free, since I'm always spending the oldest/cheapest coins.
The correct method is the one you choose, use consistently and can prove. Unfortunately, there's no way for me to cost average all my coins together since I started with FIFO. Any method works and is up to you. For what it's worth, my stock portfolio is cost averaged, but crypto is FIFO. They don't necessarily need to match (although not matching can raise an eyebrow during an audit), but consistency is key.
@_date: 2019-05-23 13:48:52
It's not all that uncommon for many people here's first purchase to be on a hardware wallet, but you have to put something appropriate according to what you have. If you have a million USD in Bitcoin, put a couple thousand. If you have a couple thousand, put $100. If you only have $100, you aren't going to have a whole lot to put on there as bait... There are many people who take the general advice of the forum and go the hardware wallet route for whatever they got. It's really up to the individual.
@_date: 2019-05-15 22:15:24
I own both, and prefer the Nano S (I have a model T, 3 Nano S and a Nano X that'll be here in a couple days for testing). By far and above, I prefer the Nano S. The biggest downside is the closed source code, as others mentioned.
The Model T is amazing for setting up &amp; recovery due to the touchscreen, but I skipped over the Trezor One because at the time, the only way to recover the seed was by typing into the computer (they now have an advanced mode that allows recover on the device, high should be default, but whatever). The Model T does everything pretty well, but the biggest deal breaker for me (despite the hefty price), is how it handles passphrases. You have to physically disconnect the device every time you change the passphrase, and it remembers your last entered passphrase, meaning if you want to secure your long term storage, you'll need to remember to remove the passphrase each &amp; every time you use the device.
The Nano S, on the other hand, immediately revers to a known (non-passphrase) state the moment it's unplugged (and you can change passphrases on the fly, and use a 2nd pin to unlock the device + enter a preconfigured passphrase, providing further plausible deniability). The biggest downside to the Nano S is how tedious it is to restore your seed words. I can't count how many times I've had to stop when I make a mistake on the 22nd word and realize I have to start over from scratch again. It's highly annoying, but in theory, you'll only have to do this a handful of times anyway. The other big plus is how dirt cheap these are. Dead simple to replace if necessary.
For either wallet, I'd ditch the default wallet software immediately after installing the firmware. The doenside to this (and please correct me if I'm wrong) is that you NEED the Trezor software to plug in a passphrase, as there are no menus/options on the device itself (it's been a while since I've pulled mine out cuz it's so much easier to use my ledger). This is really annoying, but if you don't use passphrases (you really should), it's something to consider. On the upside, if you setup your device with a passphrase by defaul, you'll never have to enter it again to use it, as the device remembers it from then on out... For some, being forced to enter the passphrase helps cement it in their head, but that varies person to person.
Ultimately, the device I'd get my family would be the Nano S, hands down. It's simple, you don't need the Ledger software othe than to periodically update the firmware, and once you have working firmware, you could probably get by without ever using Ledger's stuff again (you'd just not have newer coin support or vulnerability patches).
If you have any specific questions about something using either/both devices, let me know and I'll try to answer it.
@_date: 2019-05-31 15:42:12
You can either:
1) Wait for it to confirm
2) Wait for the mempool to drop it cuz it's too old (~week)
3) Use replace-by-fee (if your wallet supports this, google it)
4) If you were sending money to your own account (either change or main address), you can spend those unconfirmed coins with a high fee, doing a child-pays-for-parent.
@_date: 2019-05-15 06:16:10
I'd personally recommend Electrum. It's pretty damn simple to use, supports camera import of you have a QR code (else you gotta type it). I've used (and still use) blockchain.info (NOT DOT COM), as it's pretty easy as well, but I prefer to keep most my holdings off an online wallet. To be fair though, blockchain.info does only store an encrypted version of your wallet, and doesn't have direct access to your keys, so it's not as bad as something like Coinbase, where you have no keys.
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:02:48
1) You won't know not to eat somewhere because you won't know the condition of the kitchen. The purpose of he licenses/laws is to keep up some standard when it F comes to food services. This is the law that lets you know how good/bad a place is so you can avoid it. Without this, you'd have no idea.
2) I have no idea why a government regulating businesses to preven them from inadvertently killing people is a bad thing, nor what it has to do with Bitcoin. We can't operate without a government (the size of the governments is another debate). The purpose of the government, at the very least/minimal size, is to protect its citizens. This should include inspections to prevent hazardous health concerns.
3) See  on why this *is* the government's job.
4) Id love it if businesses could self regulate, but "sustainable farming", "RSPCA", and "halal certified" are meaningless to me. I, as a consumer, don't have a clue what any of those mean, nor if they're even real. With the current situation, any official business that serves food has to meet some minimum health standard right out of the gate. The food isn't likely to kill me.
@_date: 2019-05-18 12:34:06
Not enough compound interest for me man... I'm targeting somewhere around 2-3m just for my retirement accounts alone, best of luck to you though.
@_date: 2019-05-10 14:13:01
What? No. They won't "gain control of all BTC", they'd just have majority hash power. They'd be able to reorganize the blockchain, making it very difficult to trust transactions. They'd be creating loads of empty blocks, and probably using the rewards to create ahirloads of spam transactions with high fees to clog the network. Majority hash power gives them fuck all over existing coins in wallets, just in how the blockchain builds onwards.
At worst, we'd have to implement the saved states feature of BCH, although you do have to weigh the potential of a hard fork in that scenario. Confirmation requirements would go from 3 confirms up to 10-20 before anyone trusted the network.
The bigger issue is how quickly &amp; efficiently the ASICs can be pumped out. When you can print money, you don't need efficiency for profits, but you will have limitations on total power capacity per site. You'll want to maximize the hash power per new site constructed. Getting these current gen ASICs manufactured and produced on a large enough scale to quietly gather up &gt;50% of the hash power will be incredibly difficult, especially since there is already an existing market that is coming into maturity, most of which come from overseas, which the US won't be able to utilize and silence.
I highly doubt anything of this nature will happen, but what is within the realm of possibility is legislature to ban/discriminate ownership of crypto, as we're starting to see proposed. Yes, crypto will carry on and leave the US in the dust, but that doesn't mean the US can't try...
@_date: 2019-05-20 21:12:29
Look into BIP 39, rather than generating a single key pair. BIP 39 gives you a 12, 18 or 24 word seed from which an infinite number of wallets can be generated, and it's easier to store than a string of random characters that could be written down incorrectly.
Stamp those 24 words into a sheet of steel &amp; keep it safe, and you'll be set for life.
@_date: 2019-05-07 23:02:36
Lul wut? He never claimed to which category you belonged, just that "someone investing 40k gets called a casual investor".
Although yes, I'd say $40k is probably the upper end of any kind of casual investor. There aren't hard/fast divisions, it's more of a spectrum, but I do like your breakdown.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:37:45
Actually, newspapers are a good example. They've adapted to the age of the Internet and survived because of it. Those who failed to adapt went away or were consumed. Actual newspapers are still in print here &amp; there, but their business model has shifted around the new technology.
Smart contracts may be able to do some stuff, but you'll still have banks who are behind most of it. We already have peer to peer lending, but banks still dominate the lending business.
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:20:03
There are many who's first dive into the crypto space is buying a hardware wallet and transferring just a pinch of crypto over to test the waters... If I give up a handful of Bitcoin, and you keep pressing me for more, good luck getting anything else, because I don't have anything else. There's nothing more to give.
It all depends on what you fully hold. If your net worth is millions, you might want to have your fake cold wallet have 2-3 Bitcoin on it, so you can resist and give in to tell them that, while your real cold wallet has 40-50.
Additionally, having coins on your base seed without a passphrase is useful for detecting when your seed is compromised without losing everything.
@_date: 2019-05-28 20:19:57
It's "incentive" - thought you might have just typo'd it the first time, but it seems to just be a misspelling. (Not that I'm judging your argument by the misspelling (nor attacking you), I'm simply pointing it out).
I agree that we could transition to a world where individuals self regulate and such, but I'm not sure it would result in less issues than currently exist.
I'll also agree that chains won't even try to get away from it since each individual business is also represented by the corporation as a whole, so there's no worry there. However, it's the small, mom &amp; pop places that often times have the best, or most interesting, food. Those are the places I seek out when visiting new areas. Those are the restaurants most at risk of faking or not getting certified in the first place. Not saying it'll always happen, but it's more likely in these establishments than any other.
I'll agree with you that killing customers will be bad for business, but I'm not saying that it'll happen. Death is the extreme, but food poisoning or other long term, latent issues can also cause concern. What's to stop that hot dog vendor who sets up shop randomly around the city without any kind of oversight from poisonin people (intentionally or unintentionally). There's not a whole lot of incentive for them to get a returning customer base due to how frequently they can relocate and pull from different customer bases.
@_date: 2019-05-23 02:47:24
I kind of want an ETF that'll inflate Bitcoin, and then then there's a bank run, those of us holding our own keys will watch the price skyrocket as people FOMO trying to avoid the inevitable. Once people lose millions, they'll learn to hold and/or require actual Bitcoin (or press for laws that require 3rd parties to stop fractional reserve systems). With nothing to bail them out, people will finally wake up to how dangerous our current operating system is.
@_date: 2019-05-03 20:50:30
What is doge?
@_date: 2019-05-18 06:41:39
You can retire of just $1.4m (pretax, so that's what, ~$1.1m after?)... Oof, I'd blow through that in just a couple decades...
@_date: 2018-12-30 08:50:10
It has to be realized, but in theory you can buy right back in. To be completely safe, wait 30 days in the event the IRS audits you and yells at you for doing a wash sale. It's technically legal in this case, but tread carefully.
@_date: 2019-05-14 07:13:55
No worries.
@_date: 2019-05-06 01:32:49
The beauty/purpose of Bitcoin is you don't need a company to hold your hand. Bitcoin lets you grow up. If you don't want to, then don't. You take the risk of losing your own keys if you store them yourself, or you risk an exchange getting hacked (1,000,000 times more likely than your random computer), the exchange up and running (probably not likely from someone reputable), or the exchange locking you out of your own funds (happens frequently enough - of course, never to you, until that one time it is your funds being locked, and then you got nothing).
If you store your own keys, you're only at risk of losing your seed phrase, which is easy enough to store securely, and you know you have control over your own financials.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:18:57
Uncle Sam wants their cut... I think it'll eventually change to not be classified as a property, then things will be simple...
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:40:51
it seems he's already familiar with what the words are, just asking about the passphrase feature built into BIP 39.
Edit: I'm not sure you understand what the passphrase (not password, although it is technically a password) is. It's a really neat security feature that prevents full compromise in the event someone manages to pull your keys off the hardware device (among other things).
@_date: 2019-05-27 06:43:14
I'm not familiar with any hardware wallets that come bundled with a full node that doesn't require some type of trust to verify your transactions. Care to elaborate on which those are?
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:49:21
Last one, I swear (and holy crap this is difficult from my phone)...
You're missing an "and" in the bit about the privacy at the bottom.
Otherwise it looks pretty good. Might want to double check capitalization of network vs coin, but otherwise awesome!
@_date: 2019-05-06 08:07:29
Except they'll wonder where you got your lambo from, and then when they figure out it was from bitcoin, you'll be in a world of hurt.
@_date: 2019-05-12 17:08:47
It was always claimed to be 100% backed by fiat... So I'd say not being is the FUD...
@_date: 2019-05-01 20:43:05
Not only bandwidth, but you can also run through VPNs so that if someone can't access US clients (because of IP bans), you can still potentially connect out to them and keep them connected to the network. I have 3 nodes setup this way, so I commonly bridge traffic from the US to overseas and vice versa. (Assuming the core client typically chooses those with solid/fast connections, which tend to be, but aren't exclusively, within your own country)
@_date: 2019-05-25 04:55:47
Governments won't use Bitcoin. If anything, they'll use their own crypto that they control so they don't have to deal with this situation.
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:13:31
Mandatory? I don't know that it's mandatory... But without interest rates, there won't be loans. Without loans, how would people/businesses afford houses? Expansions? Initial stock for startups? Loans drive a lot of development and are well worth the interest paid, which is why people take them out.
The excessive interest rates (15%+) are dumb, but they service a market that's unserviceable by anything lower, else there would be lower rates offered. I ultimately feel that when 2 consenting adults enter into any kind of agreement for any kind of absurd interest rate, that's between them. As long as the borrower isn't illegally forced, I don't particularly see a problem...
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:12:48
I don't believe this was a thing when it first came out, hence why I skipped over it.
@_date: 2018-12-30 08:42:15
Welcome to crypto!
Mycelium will work on android, but you're outta luck if you have iOS. For computers, electrum is amazing and works with all/most hardware wallets.
One thing I want to point out is that you seem to think that bitcoin is stored on your ledger nano, and this isn't the case. Coins aren't stored anywhere physical. What is stored is the passwords used to access the coins.
The nano only stores the passwords, which means you're not completely out of luck if you lose it, it breaks, etc. The 12/24 word seed is also the password, when plugged into software that can recognize it, allowing you to setup a new ledger nano s, or setup the wallet on your computer (although that's not secure).
It's important to make this distinction, since it's very easily for newbies to get confused at how the blockchain operates if they have to be physically stored. "How would you send bitcoin if I were offline, huh?!?"
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:22:46
Wow, that email doesn't look like a scam at all... Unfortunately that would only work to convince me that the crypto community was full of fraud and needed to be shut down for more than just power struggle reasons.
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:48:01
I'm pretty sure you have to line item every trade to calculate capital gain/loss. As long as you record (or can get from the exchange) every transaction, you can lookup the Form for reporting capital gains and convert the trade information into the Form's required format. Once you do that, it's just copy/paste for the accountant. I had an accountant do my taxes the first time with crypto, and after seeing exactly how they're done, I've done them myself ever since. It's pretty easy, just need the data.
@_date: 2019-05-07 19:52:38
Even easier than this is to create 3 different seeds, and use electrum to combine them all into a 2-of-3 address that you can then use. Then you can give each full seed to all 3 people, and on their own, they'd be confused because they have a valid seed with no Bitcoin on it. Only when they bring them all together can your coins be unlocked.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:14:27
I agree. I don't want my 24 words, in any order, to touch my computer. That's why I prefer the ledger, since most of the operations take place directly on the device.
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:15:35
They include whatever transactions (if any) they want. It makes sense, economically, to include the largest fees per size to maximize profits, but I know pools will do payouts on their own blocks so they don't have to pay fees on their own transactions.
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:11:02
Many, many VPNs take crypto... It's pretty much the norm now...
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:53:45
My X doesn't rattle at all - maybe you got something loose in your case that's floatin around.
@_date: 2018-12-25 21:08:42
Yes, I would very much be. But I also realize that new tech always has loads of issues and hurdles to get over, this is just one of them... Can't tell you how many coins I've lost over the years due to my own failures - probably could have retired by now. That doesn't mean I hate BTC. That doesn't mean I think it's worthless. That doesn't mean it wasn't worth the time, risk &amp; loss I've suffered because of it. I've grown from all of that and watched Bitcoin grow into something more spectacular. It's easier than ever, but it's still complicated. I can see that in the future it'll be dead simple, and I can also see that if I don't continue to work and learn in this space, I'll regret it later.
As I said, bitcoin doesn't do online payments to companies well, and PayPal/Visa are a better alternative for the time being. You're trying to use a horse and buggy to go off roading... Will it work? Maybe... To some degree... But wait another 20 years for when we develop cars that have the suspension, engine's that have the power and tires that have the traction. Bitcoin is young, get involved, stay involved, try something new, experiment and see what happens.
That all said, if you're fretting over possibly losing $100 in bitcoin to play around and make mistakes with, then maybe you shouldn't be looking to use bitcoin at all. It's not suited for everyone, so don't force it and subject yourself to all these issues if you're not the target audience at the target time. Mass adoption is still a way off, because people want something that just works. We're very much in the experimental phase... Not everyone should be welcomed here, since they'll only be put off by it.
To answer part of your delima, the best suggestion I have is to just buy more. Due to the volatility, you can't just buy $50 worth to buy a $50 thing... That should be fairly obvious, but what's more is that it doesn't give you any left over to play with, to learn with and to lose. Buy another $50 worth, you'll have what you're missing, and then some extra left over to play around with wallets and such.
@_date: 2018-12-18 08:14:02
But, "monies" is a term you'd use to describe a collection of monitary systems... Because it's literally the plural form of "money".
I pluralize it to "Bitcoins", typically because I often talk about the coin as Bitcoin, and the easiest way for others to understand it is treat it like "quarter". You don't have 4 quarter in a dollar, it's 4 quarters.
@_date: 2019-05-10 00:12:06
Why can't you wait the couple weeks to get full verification?
There are a handful of non KYC options, like Bisq or Local Bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-05-13 05:11:52
Banks aren't going anywhere, stop with this bullshit. People will always need loans. People will want (not need) ways to safeguard their assets. Banks aren't going away just because Bitcoin showed up. Banks will adapt to the new environment and find a way to take advantage of it.
@_date: 2018-12-27 00:30:05
I'm also setup to use FIFO... Not necessarily by choice, since I didn't do good record keeping... I had to manually crawl through the blockchain and mark addresses as "mine" or "not mine". Anything "not mine" that increased the balance was income, and anything that decreased my balance was a spend. Made it easier to calculate with zero starting records, but I would have preferred something else...
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:40:22
He does have a point to some degree though. Unless *everyrhing* goes into a blockchain, which I think would be dumb, the "state" will still require titles and records be owned by someone. It could get really muddy. Now, maybe "states" do go to full open blockchain setups, where all that can be automated, and whoever owns the keys, owns the asset, but that's unlikely. Imagine getting a virus on your computer and losing legal claim over your house...
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:12:02
Honestly doesn't hurt to have a 2nd device anyway, but as long as you verify that the receiving address is correct on the device, correct when you copy/paste it into notepad, and correct when you copy/paste it back into the target address to send the coins to, then you're safe.
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:08:36
Are you expecting these private organizations that certify restaurants to patrol not only their certified restaurants (to perform inspections &amp; keep up standards), but to also patrol all other restaurants to make sure they're not posting fake standards?
Certainly standards are faked on shady restaurants as it is, but they're *all* subject to inspections by the same entity, so they *all* will get hit. If a single entity isn't hitting *all* restaurants, then who is? Cuz there will be plenty of people postin fake ratings from the private Orgs without following the rules, and with no one going around checking someone outside their network, who's ever going to notice?
@_date: 2019-05-07 22:55:21
Safu = Secure Asset Funds for Users
In theory, setting aside some of their profits to be used to make good with their users when they're hacked.
Edit: in theory. I got this from a quote of another quote, and t sounded good enough 
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:25:02
Pickup the Ledger Nano S for a fraction of the Trezor price. The purpose of a hardware wallet isn't to *store* your keys (that's easy), but to be able to *use* your keys to create transactions securely. This is significantly harder, as the keys have to be on the device that's doing he processing (which is typically a computer - potentially compromised). A hardware wallet can be used regardless if you're computer is compromised or not, while a USB stick cannot.
@_date: 2019-05-09 20:37:18
Fair, by that definition. I've never heard it defined as such. For me, "paper wallet" has always been a wallet (not necessarily a single key) on a piece of paper, typically by printing, but it's highly advised against, and just written instead.
What would be a seed written on a piece of paper be called, if not "paper wallet"? "Wallet written on paper"?
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:07:37
I don't know when it was made the default on Bitcoin Core, as I've sent plenty of 0 fee transactions in the past, but it's to prevent spam as the network continues to grow. It's free for me to create thousands/millions of free fee transactions that'll never get confirmed. The attack costs me nothing, and I drive up bandwidth requirements for every node. Requiring a fee, while still small, still could cause an attacker to pay the miners gradually over time.
@_date: 2019-05-16 20:42:55
Use the software (somewhere under security I imagine) to add a passphrase.
@_date: 2019-05-27 18:06:52
IIRC, he spent most, if not all, of them or gave them away to friends and such. He's popped up here and there throughout the years. Pretty sure he did a AMA at some point. What I got out of it was that the 10k BTC weren't held onto.
@_date: 2019-05-07 00:57:02
I'll agree somewhat to this. It's a very complicated relationship though.
As far as price comparisons go, people generally understand what purchasing power $10, $100 or $1000 (or your local currency) carries. Comparing Bitcoin to USD is a quick &amp; easy measure of its purchasing power. At $6,000, I know I can spend 1 BTC to get a new motorcycle to play around with, or well over a year's worth of groceries.
@_date: 2019-05-10 05:11:56
Wut? What message? The email? Or the congressman's remarks?
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:31:58
More importantly: did you create your own seed &amp; passphrase?