@_author: extraterrestrialbit
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:37:28
how does that relate? no one is running to coinbase to get real paper money that they could run out of. what am i missing?
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:26:58
I really resent the fact that everyone seems to forgot that this technology isn't around to make you some extra christmas money. Maybe watch this video  to remind yourself that we aren't here to make a quick buck for some random amateur traders but we are about something much much bigger. Bitcoin is radically disruptive and you are part of the revolution. We are challenging the very notions of what money is and how trust works. Rest assured that bitcoin isn't going away. 
It was blatantly obvious weeks and weeks ago that this correction is coming. Raise your hand if you did not hear at least two hundred times in the last three weeks that this bubble will burst! No one? Exactly.
Unfortunately the people who are really freaking out are the people who jumped on the get rich quick bandwagon without knowing much about bitcoin or crypto. Guys, BTC was around 5k in October. If you were in it before the real hype choo choo, you are still totally ok. Still 100%+ (!!!) up from only just THREE months ago. I won't even talk about years. This is a very expensive lesson for a lot of people and I am sorry the excitement and the promise of quick riches got you into this mess. Maybe you can pivot now, in your head, and let the excitement for the tech carry you forward because really that is what matters here.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:46:48
Can you guys recommend a good live chart? Something I can customize minimally, like time intervals (last month, today, last 6 hrs, last hr ...) and candle time intervals etc. gdax is mess.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:33:38
H, I am not really sure how would that happen. If you have USD in your coinbase account they just keep that in a bank account. If you buy BTC or any other crypto they exchange your money for it and park that. Meanwhile whatever you do they eat you with the fees. But how would any of these activities make them run out of money?