@_author: eyebroo
@_date: 2017-09-25 07:14:29
I was in the same situation back in July, when I decided to get some bitcoin. After testing and research I concluded that the easiest way was to buy  a cloud mining contract. They allow you to pay with credit card, and you will receive coins over several months. This also lower the risk that your timing is not so good. If you are just planning to hold them and not trade from the start, then this is no major issue.
I picked genesis mining although many reviews pointed out that they were expensive. My largest concern was to pick a fraudulent site and they seemed to have a good reputation.
What is my experience so far? After 2 months I have earned back about 25%-30% of the initial cost. Daily bitcoin return has started dropping a bit but it is still ok. Price of bitcoin was USD 3000 when I started, went up to 5000 and then dropped again. I hope to get breakeven within 9 months or so and then maybe a small profit (versus just buying the coins outright).
Anyway, just some thoughts from another beginner, good luck with starting!
@_date: 2017-09-25 15:53:29
Yea it is my first post. Started reading more on Reddit after starting with crypto, some interesting discussions. Did not have anything to add before seeing your topic though.
Regarding Genesis, it is the only cloud mining site I have tried, so the only one I can really say something about. The point I wanted to make was more the option of using the credit card to get started. My approach was also to start with a smaller amount to test it, and then after 1 month I bought a second contract.
Anyway do your research and form your own opinion, it is always the best when investing into new  things.
I can of course provide a signup code etc that gives you a 3% discount and myself a 2.5% bonus, but I deliberately left out that in my first comment since my point was less about own profit and more about how to get started with crypto. Just send me a direct message if you want to have the code or other learning I made around wallet selection, exchanges (Kraken) or ICO (I just got tokens from one I participated in as a test).
I am very happy about starting with crypto and find it very interesting, and hope you have a good start too.
@_date: 2017-09-25 16:22:06
So what return do you think I will have within 12 months?
Did you also try out a cloud mining service? Just wondering given that you question my legitimacy. I am aware that there are many scams in that space which I also mentioned in the first post.