@_author: eyeofpython
@_date: 2019-08-31 22:02:12
Not if nodes would have almost synchonized mempools. Then set reconciliation can be used, which would allow gigabyte sized blocks to be transmitted in tens of kilobytes of data
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:26:51


I couldn't agree more. If you don't want to pay high fees for a secure on-chain transaction, go ahead and switch over to the other network. The roadmap there is completely different from Bitcoin, i.e. trying optimize on-chain scaling vs. building a layer 2 solution. No need to have two coins that do exactly the same thing.
@_date: 2019-09-01 13:52:13
Compact blocks isn't mempool syncronization. It's block transmission, which is something else.
[BUIP-010]( came before [BIP-152]( It's been copied by core developers, not vice versa.
I mean, you can continue to pretend to know things you don't, but that doesn't work with people who know those things.
@_date: 2019-09-01 13:21:48


A node can always reject a block that's too expensive to verify. Which a node can trivially achive by adding like one line of code. It seems you have no idea what you're talking about.


I don't think you know what you're talking about. Currently, there's no mempool synchronisation and set reconciliation built in the Bitcoin Core code.
Maybe it's you who's lying and you're just projecting?
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:55:03


I misspelled Avalance, this is the first result I get when googling [Mempool Avalance](


Just because you're incapable to find a solution doesn't mean the solution doesn't work. Also, saying something is used by bcash doesn't automatically mean the solution doesn't work. That logic is very flawed
@_date: 2019-09-01 03:11:59
Mempool syncronicity is solved by Avelance and Storm
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:35:56


Incredible how you twist this conversation. I laid out how gigabyte blocks can be achieved if we have mempool synchronicity, then you claim we already have mempool synchronicity (Compact Blocks), then I show how that's not true, then you go, gotcha, mempool synchronicity doesn't exist.
It's really simple. Let me explain it to you.
1. Big blocks require fast block transmission.
2. Compact Blocks, Xthin/Xthinner and Graphene provide fast block transmission
3. They only work if the mempool is synchronized
4. Avalanche provides mempool synchronicity
5. Therefore, big blocks work if we have Avalanche and either of Compact Blocks/Xthin/Xthinner/Graphene
This is really simple logic. I don't know how you're not able to get this.


So you didn't make this comment? [


You haven't shown anything doesn't work, you just listed unrelated technologies 


WTF dude. The burden of proof is on you because you made the claim Compact Blocks came before Xthin. "Do you own research on my claims you've just disproven". Pathetic. Literally my only mistake has been the spelling of a word, meanwhile I've proven you wrong on almost all of your points. And you call me a liar. The only explanation I got is cognitive dissonance to the max, so much projection going on. BTC people have no spine.


I already made lots of Schnorr transactions with BCH, how about you? Unless you're willing to redefine the meaning of "being first", BCH absolutely is the first with Schnorr. So I don't get why you would say BCH isn't the first with Schnorr.
I'm starting to think you've just been fed a looot of propaganda. Kinda sad to see.
@_date: 2019-09-01 18:09:10
Compact blocks are about block propagation. It doesn’t work if mempools aren’t synchronized. You yourself said it’s easy to desynchonize mempools as an attack. Neither Erlay nor Compact blocks prevent this kind of attack.
Stop bringing up new technologies that solve a different problem than you raised.
And you brought up those new technologies, not me, so calling me deflecting is obviously just projection again. The fact that you have to be so insulting just shows the insecurity of you and your opinions.
The timestamps are clear and for everyone to verify. Even if I wanted, I couldn’t rewrite history. Xtreme thinblocks have been created before Compact blocks. It’s you who’s rewriting history – just another instance of projection.
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:38:53
Screw them. It should be clear from the whitepaper that Bitcoin is not a peer-to-peer electronic cash system.