@_author: eyeseekin
@_date: 2017-02-11 00:03:02
What if coinbase stopped over night like Circle did? When is bitcoin going to have an easy way for everyone to use a trusting platform that insures they will not pull out of the bitcoin when major decisions of economy and speculation are weighed out?
I trust in digital currencies to a certain extent and use them but when Circle stopped I was shocked and thought wow its just that easy for them. I thought that was going to be very eye opening to a lot of users especially when the CEO of circle said it wouldn't be long until coinbase follows. And when our united States government and our banks clue in more will it be what we proposed in the first place? Sotoshi is pretty smart but is there a certainty the block chain is not a big scam at its peak? We didn't build the software and obviously did not read the fine print. I can see a huge problem when so called hackers take down coinbase especially when the flock is round up. I don't see digital currencies very significant if the common user cannot believe in it. Seriously seems the great bit coin is centered around the black markets still. I like the decentralization and feeling of oppertunity for the broke class to invest but the grave seems to be dug for the Bitcoin ...other digital currencies that are starting out already have the upper hand IMO until the ugly black market starts excepting them and they are used in the wrong intent.  But geez that's inevitable. Simplicity of transfer and promise will bring the new age in, and it should only be done with confident numbers. Colonial fiat and trust seems in order to me. Not running after an out of bounds and helpless end.
@_date: 2017-02-11 01:05:16
Pretty sure China and the United States holds the largest pool of bitcoin users. What happens when the banks and leaders put an end to it out of fear of lack of control? Everyone seems to be trusting a blockchain that has very unpredictable platforms like Circle just out of the blue and over night with no comprises jumping ship. Circumstances can be pretty ugly and the value is not in our reach like our economic global structure. I love the idea of decentralization on a global scale to a confident centralized oppertunity for the whole. Just a matter of time till investment in digital currency is over rated. To many big hands in it already that have me thinking the broke class is still doomed and the black markets intent is one of the issues. So when is Coinbase going to follow in the same path as Circle?
@_date: 2017-02-11 01:49:15
Right as long as that country is supported by consumers that trust in the worth of Bitcoin. I see it as a great oppertunity when used in a global scale but seems the change will take some time before and the black markets and lack of stable platforms hold it from true acceptance. So it has a rep of bad intent but the route to all evil does too. The label just implied only reflects how humanity just doesn't get it. Oh how nice value predicts and how we have the need. False beginning and blind fiats unite ' bitcoins the sotoshi dream. I support. I have too 
@_date: 2017-02-11 04:54:23
Kinda like that but just one bank. I wouldn't stick my head sand ya know. I had just as much faith in Circle before they just pooped out. Circle did not have transfer fees. Coinbase does and that's probably why they stuck around. I think coinbase would be a prime target and its just a matter of when and who's pulling the switches. I believe just by me mentioning hacking makes the hacker who may have read it more anxious. I hope I'm wrong and similar platforms for bitcoin come out and we get options and more security. I have a coinbase account because hell where else can I three days for my bitcoin until oh they think I have escrowed enough confidence in me to have an instant transfer that they should have from the start while supporting THEIR needs. 
@_date: 2017-02-11 05:24:08
The numbers are making it more appealing and that works. The now is real and coinbase has the upper hand which idk makes us kinda helpless. They sure get all the attention don't they. 
@_date: 2017-02-11 05:45:26
Does bitpay use blockchain fees too?
So I trust in coinbase through my bank or credit card then wait till for my pending bit coin while the coin is going up and down all the time unless I've built an escrow to have instant transfer and then transfer to bitpay in a random confirmation to my IP address and then wait in hopes bit coin is always going up and not wasting my time just to make up for my transfer fees. Sounds like that's going to bring so much more users patience and hard earned reality. Merchants are jumping now to accept the bit option. Thank you though for another option. Thats exactly why I put. my opinion on here. Seems like bluntly coin base is the only one out there. 