@_author: ezekielchariot
@_date: 2017-02-08 09:15:18
I don't think a super private crypto as a main player will be allowed frankly. The semi-privacy of Bitcoin sounds like it will be tolerated and allowed to continue.
@_date: 2017-02-08 08:56:10
I think Jorge Stolfi likes to identify anything new and struggling with a determined stomp of his boot. Of course Bitcoin has issues right now. 
To say these things :
"extreme price volatility, that prevents its use as a currency" 
Ummm no Jorge, no I have a web site selling products that constantly adjusts the bitcoin price against the USD and make my customers aware of it, they can see the live calculated changes next to the buy now button and when done they are automatically sold for USD via an API on an exchange, but I can choose not to sell them. I don't have an issue developing that solution while bitcoin settles over the years ahead.
I realize Bitcoin is newish so that's why I give it this allowance of small inconvenience.
"Investment in bitcoin does not contribute to mankind's real wealth or well-being: it does not finance the creation of any material goods or real services. "
Ummm no Jorge, It has in fact allowed me to concentrate on my work instead of trotting off down to the bank to wire money on a regular basis which in turn has improved/reduced my stress levels and I do accept Bitcoin for the items I make from metal and other related services. I'm also enjoying the fact the money goes straight to the recipient which is just "one" huge plus that flys in the face of your "No real advantage" comment.
I am one among the early adopters who are giving it a go as I realize it needs this. I use it for real "small business" purposes and I am not waiting for anybody to fix anything.
Contrary to the frequent news of transaction backlogs, I've never noticed it and yes I do pay a higher fee but it is still "a lot cheaper" than "the cost of my time" with convential methods of payment and money transfer actions. You really have to think properly about the cost of what we have today.
And I could go on and on with what I have read.
The points about criminal usage are laughable, it is as if we should forget what we have put up with for centuries with Fiat and I wonder why bring up these childish points.
Oh look ! Bitcoin just crashed again from $1066 to $1030
Big deal ! My children are also learning how to fit into the world and I am not kicking them before they can run.
Try an experiment Jorge using Bananas to manage your life, start with 1000 Bananas, see how difficult it is, it's a new idea and people aren't used to it but we promise not to criticize you for poor performance.
Jorge has my Mothers support, it's new and scarey and wrong and should be passed by. Does anyone really believe the huge benefits will be scuttled into technologic oblivion.
Shall we let Ethereum or some other coin cover the same ground again to try to prove the way forward, they all have to go the same way and that is to be embraced and encouraged without all the oooky-spooky "full of problems" talk.
Why can't this man try a different approach such as write a letter detailing how his powerful knowledge has some great ideas to ease the way forward.
At least I can send my Bitcoin to that man with his cheap plot of land in the Sahara.
I also have a lot of Silver in my safe, it's pretty useless for the most part no matter who it's backed by.
@_date: 2017-02-08 09:05:24
Well I don't mind the elevated fees, on many occasions if one were to work out the true cost of existing transaction methods be they visits to the bank to wire money, fees, fuel, cost of down time ! or credit card fees or other inherent frustrations including not knowing if the recipient got the money yet . . .
Even the time to do online banking can exceed a bitcoin transaction task. I feel overall Crypto offers a better experience and likely will get even better. I'm sure as things develop the balance of benefits/fees will get a little warped and then there will be a concensus adjustment to something that everyone always believed it should be. Clogged transactions and cost are just growing pains.
Miners are not stupid.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:06:29
Yes, there are technical ways to do it, still luck of the draw if you can get the figures you quoted and no it doesnt always solve the issue.
I have had to dump the chain twice since september and start again after persevering with all the work arounds and variable issues still exist, my fibre connection laughs at it.
Not a very good system if my mother cant just start it up without all the technical "promised" work around methods. This part of it should "just work" and sort itself without intervention.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:45:28
I think it would be a disaster if we end up with more than one version of bitcoin thru a fork.
They should be all one group instead of going off in a big dummy spit and changes should be put to a vote but keeping a single chain no matter what.
@_date: 2017-01-16 20:01:12
China and specifically it's authority are looking to grease the wheels and speed up trade if and where it can both internally and externally and so I would say they are happy to sit back and watch Bitcoin develop into a future tool to do just that, it will be like adding KY gel into what will be looked back on as a frictional abrasive past that had little trust between parties. Also, the members of the Politburo also like good investments so another reason not to kill it when they see the future potential.
I also think that the intervention into activity on Chinese Bitcoin exchange is not because of huge outflows of money (since this is a minuscule amount of the whole situation currently) but this is a recognition of where Bitcoin is going to go and they know it, they are getting in early before it explodes.
@_date: 2017-08-02 07:56:09
Did this twice after the fork but the BCC still followed when I moved my BTC, used seperate computers, one with BCC wallet
@_date: 2017-01-17 23:26:59
Chinese love lucky numbers especially Chinese men in business who like the number 8. So Jan 17 to 18 has been $888 on coinbase for a few hours then up to $898. I watched the trading bots hold the price pretty bang on $888 for several hours on coinbase. Chinese certainly in control of BTC with deep trading pockets and good software to ensure it stays around that figure.
Once Trump gets the keys to the country it will go up to $1293 which is 8888 Yuan and hang around there for a bit.
There is a "certain paid report" out there which tends to mention this but fails to tell the uneducated that it's not creatively deciphered using their tools but in fact quite predictable to anyone if they think about it hard enough given those who are heavily in control and their beliefs.
I predict $11757 by September 2018
@_date: 2017-01-27 04:00:09
and ETH 10x behind with the ability to have a blockchain update finish within the same day or two days, fine for those who are always connected or use a light wallet
@_date: 2017-01-27 04:05:42
Surely everyone understands that this will always be a problem until the scaling is sorted and then may happen again and again in the future as they find new ways to solve it. Great to be at this point in history witnessing the evolution of such technology. If the United Nations has failed the world on every other point perhaps they can be put in charge of Bitcoins direction ?  :)
@_date: 2017-08-02 07:38:15
BCC still disappears on it's own from the address when I shift my BTC to a new address, when the heck will that stop ?