@_author: ezmogee
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:58:06
What's most telling to me (author of the article) is their recent announcement that they will resume transactions with significant withdrawal limits (amount &amp; time).  That would suggest to me their reserves are running far below 100% and they need time to backfill.
In principle, banks also don't operate with 100% liquid reserves (far far fewer)...but part of the point of bitcoin is to be able to transact at will, with minimal fees, and unbounded size.  If Gox resumes with withdrawal limits it will fundamentally undermine a stated principle of bitcoin although it could well save the exchange if depositors play along.
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:45:59
Agreed but it still wouldn't answer the question of fiat deposits.  Presumably there are millions in fiat cash on the sidelines as well.  Digital signatures can help resolve part of the equation but not the entire thing.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:56:09
I know the difference.  I was saying it within the context of MtGox.  It's somewhat contradictory to be a bitcoin exchange yet block certain principles of bitcoin (ie, limitless withdrawals).
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:54:27
This is just plain wrong.  FTP went bankrupt because of a combination of: DOJ Seizures, Processor theft &amp; backlogs, and poor accounting which allowed for "phantom deposits."  The bank run at the end sealed the deal.  FTP had a large marketing budget but were still very profitable in spite of their overhead.  
MtGox has considerable overheard even if it's not apparent to you. Legal and compliance is significant. Security is significant. And it is paying a ton in processor fees which it is heavily subsidizing to the end user.  
@_date: 2014-02-17 21:54:17
Yes, this is correct.  I wrote a later version of the article (which didn't make it) which emphasized this point instead.  Odds are that it started as a fully automated transaction process where the first tx would be marked "failed" and a second would be reissued either automatically or after a low level human interaction.  It's possible that there was some public perceptions issues as well when they realized the error later in the game, and re-sent for a while before freezing transactions.
The same thing happened at Full Tilt.  The processor would mark the transaction as "success" even though they hadn't actually withdrawn funds from the player's bank account - but seeing success FTP would credit the money.  Only later would they see that the money had never been withdrawn.  It was poor accounting procedures that allowed this technical issue to balloon.  However, once they realized the glitch, they continued processing these transactions to avoid any speculation or concern. 