@_author: ezoper8tor
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:55:58


And yet, they are entirely allowed to exist within a capitalist system. Meanwhile if I want to hire somebody to dig a ditch for me, my means of production will be seized. Score one for freedom of capitalist enterprise. 0 for lame socialist policies that stifle progress.


lol, they didn't run out of oil. Oil prices dumped and because of their bad socialist policies, they were so dependent on oil prices remaining astronomically high to pay for all their social programs that the country shit the bed when they didn't.
@_date: 2018-06-09 01:35:49
Capitalist: "Hey, can you dig a hole for me, I'll give you $20."
Communist: "Abuse!!"
@_date: 2018-06-09 16:24:11


Socialism: ideas so great they have to be mandatory.


My shovel.


Meanwhile, other OPEC nations aren't on the verge of societal collapse.
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:29:53
Labor unions and cooperatives are a thing. Stop being jealous that you are unskilled and are only worth 1&amp; In America, if you want to be a millionaire, you have to find a reason for a bunch of other people to give you a million dollars. If you can't handle living in a meritocracy, Venezuela is looking nice this time of year.
@_date: 2018-06-09 19:25:03


You are ignorant. Unions aren't being shut down by the government.


And your solution is to leave me with my shovel and the other guy with nothing. Absolute genius. Capitalism leaves me with a hole dug and the other guy gets $20. Enjoy your bread lines.


I didn't say that. I said, way to cherry pick a handful of nations that are doing worse in a couple of measures. None of those, by the way, are undergoing impending collapse, despite some of them being in or near active war zones. Nice try, snake oil peddler.


The American way has resulted in more people dying from obesity than from starvation or malnourishment. (overabundance vs underabundance) The same is happening in other capitalist nations around the world and other 3rd world countries incorporating capitalism. All socialism got anybody was a one\-way ticket to a bread line or an ice pick to the back of the head.
Ultimately, this whole argument is moot because you are perfectly content living in a capitalist country and reaping the benefits while someone who actually believed that they were \*enslaved\* would take the first opportunity to move to the freedom of Cuba, Venezuela, China, or any other socialist nation. You don't even believe the bullshit you're selling.
@_date: 2018-06-09 22:07:11




LOL so an employer firing workers is the same as telling them they can't create a collective bargaining group. There's two sides to a negotiation, the employer and the employees. Once again you want to make unions mandatory because that's the only way they work. Socialism is enslavement.


Oh noooo. You have to work to survive? What horrors! Are you gonna start railing against the evils of entropy next? The employer is just as subservient to his workers. If I don't provide compensation that is competitive to what you can get elsewhere, then I won't get employees! Who the hell cares that I make $30, the workers agreed to $20. If they don't like it, they can renegotiate or find work elsewhere. That's how life works.


And none are about to collapse. Your dishonesty is breathtaking.


Read The Gulag Archipelago if you want to know what life was like in soviet russia.


Yep, couldn't agree more. And welcome to my ignore list, troll.
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:25:58


That would be a terrible thing, if that were the actual truth. In the land of reality, 80&amp; of American millionaires are self\-made first generation wealth and most families lose their wealth in two or three generations. And for the poor, starvation and malnutrition are basically non\-existent, while eating yourself into an obese ticking time bomb is the norm.
In Seattle, the $15 "living wage" has been passed and what have been the consequences? Rampant homelessness, more expensive products, and slower low\-income job growth. Your problem is that you confuse money with wealth. If you raise the income floor, everything else rises with it. If that weren't the case, then why don't we make the minimum wage $1,000,000/hour and make everyone millionaires?
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:37:47


That's literally socialism, broski. You are so ignorant you don't even understand the ideology you're trying to peddle.


With the power of my shovel, I subjugate billions. Do you have the self\-awareness to realize how loony you sound right now?


Yeah, those are the only other OPEC nations. Also, thanks for proving my point that totalitarian policies like religious fundementalism, socialism, fascism, and others aren't great for lifting people out of poverty.