@_author: ezredd
@_date: 2018-05-15 02:31:39
Very happy to see the beginning of convergence between communities and technical solutions.
iExec is by nature protocol agnostic so it is only natural that it helps contribute to the increased scalability of the bitcoin network by offering to offload smart contract calculation which need not be on\-chain.
Hopefully this is the beginning of beautiful friendship! :\)
@_date: 2014-06-17 05:56:33
oh my ghash, they really don't get it! 
In a decentralized world, it's not rational to require the community to trust Ghash.io on their sole word that their mining power will never be used (with their will or not) to perform a 51% attack on the network. 
In order to convince people you need to show evidence that it's not possible to do so. And to do that it really looks like you need to change your business model somewhat. 
Unfortunately, like gravity where mass attracts mass, mining power attracts more mining power because that's the only way to realize statistics of reward payoff in PoW-land. PoW looks "unstable" as a solution for a decentralized payment network, it naturally "collapses" onto centralized state (to keep the gravity analogy it's similar to how interstellar gas collapses into stars and eventually black holes :) ). If it was not Ghash it would be another.
Therefore it could well be that there's not much Ghash can do without some modification of the protocol itself. After all, if mining power "has to" get concentrated into a single entity eventually, and Ghash is in this position, why would they encourage another player to take their spot ?
It's prisoner's dilemma, altho they know it's worse for the entire community that they are in a dominant position, it's not rational for them neither to give away their position to another entity. What's rational behavior for 2 competing single entities can well be suboptimal for the community of the 2
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:31:41
great idea, looking forward to reading it! +500 RDD
@_date: 2014-06-01 07:48:24
well there's no question that whatever exchange protocol you choose you will have to trust a counterparty in order to perform transactions that involve a non native currency of your network. so no need to attempt to make the risk go away, you simply cannot :)
personally it took me time to realize this and that's one of the reasons i did not like ripple so much in the beginning. However when the question of trust becomes inevitable i realized the advantage of being able to price this trust through a market (the iou/iou pairs i was talking about before) within the protocol itself. 
When you talk about preferring to trust a BTC exchange you still talk about a specific entity, for which you will have no recourse in case it goes bust :) decentralized exchanges otoh (which could include ethereum as well in the future when they're live) remove in part the concentration of that risk.
you are right that trust line is not "open interest". That's why i quoted it and spoke of *maximum* open interest but the term credit line is more appropriate, thanks.
Going forward, if you envision a web of value then like you say all commodities producers would have access to a entirely novel way of selling their products without the need to fit the restrictions of exchange traded contracts. For instance you can now hold arbitrarily small quantities of physically backed gold iou's.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:39:47
i guess i'm a bitcoin fanatic :D
@_date: 2014-06-01 03:16:51
"I think they should trust themselves as a counterparty, and do all of their internal accounting in Bitcoin."
hehe well i guess the whole point is that there are tons of businesses which precisely do *not* have the choice of their accounting currency :) Just to be clear, when i speak of "accounting currency" it's not just a matter of reporting. If my expenses/income/assets are naturally denominated in USD i do not necessarily wish to expose myself to forex risk by using a different currency as vehicle for my transfers. Of course if you remove this constraint then pretty much any crypto would fit the bill because as long as you use the native currency of the network then there is no counterparty risk.
Agreed on using BTC as an iou the way you describe on the ripple protocol, that would work indeed if you have expenses/income in BTC. If your needs are just USD or EUR then you can just transfer them directly through the network without using a bridge currency.
To answer your question about fungibility of iou's the answer is: "iou are never fungible". Any iou is tied to a specific counterparty. Market makers on the network are the entities that create the liquidity between iou's. So you can see a market USD.Bitstamp/USD.Snapswap for instance (which does not involve XRP btw).
Trust lines are just here to define the *maximum* "open interest" that you can have against a given counterparty, that's all.
Regarding creditworthiness of existing major bank, everybody now agrees that's it's not absolute as past experience has shown. However it's still the case that many businesses are happy to bear the risk of exposure to say Chase credit worthiness for their day to day operations. Will take a long time to say the same of any cryptocurrency exchange! :)
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:14:28
interesting analysis!
+100 RDD
@_date: 2014-06-01 15:11:09
first of all, let me say i enjoy this conversation as you raise a lot of interesting points :)
first fact is correct. As long as your holding period with any system is short (exchange, gateway etc...) your exposure to risk is reduced so you might not really care (extreme case being a cash transaction in a starbucks with random dude :) )
now your holding period essentially depends on what instrument your are holding, which again goes back to which currency the OP is willing to have. If you're happy with non-fiat then yes, with BTC you can get instant out. But if you trade BTC on ripple you can also "instant-out" the same way. But being in BTC means that you will incurr fx risk now as we described before. And if you want to get USD out instead of BTC say then you won't be able to "instant out" from any exchange since you will go back to the usual route of withdrawing money from an exchange with its associated delays and fees. If now you trade a lot this way and just want to minimize the cost of transfers then it's probable that as a business you will maintain some kind of permanent balance with that exchange/gateway and only withdraw/deposit on some slower schedule. In that situation the holding period is much longer and so the risk gets increased again.
 
Last let me just point out that just like BTC, Ripple also has a naturally counterparty risk-free currency, which is the native XRP and guaranteed by the protocol itself
All in all i would say it's just a matter of the view on risk and the use-case. If you find yourself in a situation where you're happy to deal with non-fiat holdings, involving separate exchanges and assume counterparty risk for them (or if this risk is minimal) then yes Ripple protocol will not offer a significant added value over BTC. If some of those conditions are not met I believe there's a space for both to coexist.
@_date: 2014-06-22 02:08:40
yeah it's been a while!
@_date: 2014-06-01 22:36:57
agreed about the recent turmoil regarding Ripple Labs founder XRP stash. Although i am personally invested in XRP (and therefore biased) I believed the founders fucked it up with this personal allocation of XRPs. On the other hand at least that now the issue has been opened in public things will hopefully evolve quickly. Jed is expected to sell or giveaway his 9% holdings and Chris Larsen has announced he will give away his ~5% holdings. It will increase significantly the free float in the months to come with downward pressure on XRP with no doubt but hopefully by year end there should be a clear view on what's the free float of XRP. In the meantime I would indeed discard XRP as a store of value. 
That being said this does not reduce the ability of the ripple protocol to  perform its duties along the lines we discussed previously (except for the part where you would like/need to be holding XRP's for a significant period of time).
Realized vol of all cryptos is too high at the present time for any of them to be considered store of value, agreed. BTC enjoys a first mover status which may attract a lot of businesses to adopting it as soon as vol calms down a little bit, only future shall tell :)
@_date: 2014-06-01 00:54:08


Thanks for your answer, it's an interesting question. Well, remember that OP is only willing to use BTC as a mean of exchange since their accounting currency is more likely some form of fiat (EUR, USD ?). Therefore OP will have to expose themselves to the counterparty risk of one ore more bitcoin exchanges. Therefore following your line of thought which one would be able to support OP's requirements with minimal counterparty risk ?
Now suppose we agree that in the current state of cryptoland BTC exchanges or Ripple gateways could be considered equally safe or risky depending your view point :)
IMHO one particular feature of Ripple protocol is that even in the case of a credit event from an exchange/gateway you can never be 100% "goxxed". Since Ripple is a decentralized exchange, whichever gateway has issued your USD iou's you'll always be able to see a market for those iou against those of another, safer, gateway (at a discount of course). In the case of Mt Gox, if you had dollars or btc there and the exchange stopeed withdrawals there was absolutely *nothing* you could do to retrieve even *part* of your assets.
Last, I would just point out that because the ripple protocol supports USD, you could imagine having major banks being natural gateways for USD ious (these are the most natural ones and their counterparty risk is suitable for business purpose). There is actually a recent example of a german bank, called Fidor, which has announced their decision to use Ripple to perform fast transfers. It's not clear wether they will become a ripple gateway as well but that would certainly establish an interesting precedent of a regular financial institution providing its credit worthiness available to the network.
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:11:45
Hi Jimmy,
I apologize in advance to the btc community for mentionning this in their subreddit but reading your message it seems to me that the ripple protocol is well suited to your use-case. Transactions are near instant, virtually free and secure, but on top of this you do not need to use your accounting currency since the ripple protocol supports any currency (USD, EUR are actively traded there and can be sent over through ripple gateways).
I will not spam the bitcoin subreddit further but feel free to pm if you want more details on this!