@_author: f1outsourcing
@_date: 2016-08-05 12:44:04
I guess I don’t know exactly what is going on, but the giveaway is related to the bitfinex hack or not? That would mean that this is stolen, and nobody here seems to have a problem with taking something that is actually someone else’s? To me there is no difference with stealing something tangible of someone.
On the other hand there is lots amateur coding happening at these bitcoin exchanges. (When we were programming the api of some exchange we could do a transaction of 0.00000...0000001 with zero saldo account!). 
I am constantly very much frustrated by the fact how bad these exchanges are handling your privacy and act unprofessional. When I took a coinbase account my data was shared with no less than six other companies!!! Wtf, bitcoin exchanges should start behaving on a professional level.
I also saw that there were already lots of negative postings about bitfinex. So my point of view is that the coins stolen there, were from people that were willing to take this risk when trading a bitfinex. Having said that I actually also don’t mind if you give it a try at coinbase to.
I would like to read more about how you hacked it. We are starting new privacy/security/encryption project, you are welcome to join (i think). 
1HBRHFhoz1KjEbsnUrBDa4xZmtsqWoYA7T 
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:41:45
**“After much thought, analysis, and consultation, we have arrived at the conclusion that losses must be generalized across all accounts and assets. ”**
Does this mean the cold wallets where hacked? If only the hot wallet is hacked, I am not so sure if it is good (read fair) to have the losses spread over accounts that were not even trading during the hack. I was always considering that I would be relatively save with trading when I would convert to currency, transfer to the cold wallet and are not frequently trading. I think this is assumed by many infrequent traders. I can imagine the last word is not spoken about this. 
Furthermore, doing what is **“closest to a liquidation”** (and thus not doing what would be fair) also sends out a the wrong signal that you are working towards nothing else but a liquidation.
“we continue to believe in the possibilities associated with bitcoin ” there is nothing wrong with bitcoin and the possibilities, it is just the amateurs that are trying to make a quick buck who are fucking things up.
