@_author: facemelterlux
@_date: 2013-11-21 21:56:21
I'm still pretty new to bitcoin, so I was rambling about I guess, trying to elucidate what I understand about it.
Based on what I know so far, which isn't much, it looks like the volatility of the currency is inversely related to how much it is used like a normal currency. That is to say, the more people use it to purchase goods and services, the more stable it will become.
I've been fighting off the impulse to sell my measly share of BTC at a 300% profit for a while, and I always decide not to sell because I honestly believe BTC will become a useful currency in the future. My only goal now is to buy some more whenever the price drops down again! 
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:30:11
This is the first digital currency that really has the potential to make it on a global scale. 
America is losing it's place as "Number 1", and has been doing so for a long time. I'd really like it if we were somewhere near the top when it comes to Bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:00:59
I think the main point of confusion comes from thinking about bitcoin in terms of it's value in USD. The fixation on bitcoin price lately has only worsened that tendency.
When you buy a sub with dollars, you engage in a similar risk, with one exception: you aren't planning on moving your USD to some other form of currency, so your USD is not seen in terms of relative value to the other currencies.
USD and other currencies also change value daily, but on a much, much smaller scale. If you wanted to move your money to a different currency, then timing it so that you got maximum return would make sense. The reason bitcoin is confusing in this aspect is because people still have to get rid of the idea of exchanging bitcoin for USD, in order to understand how the market will work.
Right now, I have xBTC. I also have xUSD. When I go to subway, I can choose to pay with either BTC or USD. If the price of BTC is particularly low, I may choose to pay with it. However, USD has a much more stable value, so I'll likely choose to pay with USD because I feel more secure in the transaction. I don't feel like I might be losing more money than I anticipated.
When the global market changes, and everyone accepts BTC, then I'll be able to make decisions about buying with BTC *in relation to other things I can buy with BTC*. This is important, because currencies are evaluated based on what they can purchase. If .01BTC gets me all the ingredients needed to build myself a sub at the grocery store, then the subway merchant must take that into consideration, and begin offering subs for .015BTC, instead of .02BTC like he used to.
BTC has value because it can buy stuff, AND because you can exchange it for USD. However, it's value as a currency comes from buying stuff relative to other stuff in the same marketplace accepting the same currency, NOT because it's worth USD.
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:58:54
Different colored bitcoins?