@_author: fairandsquare
@_date: 2017-11-15 14:26:48
I would guess the automated stealing program or robot is programmed to ignore relatively small amounts like 0.01 BTC because people use those to test deposits to a new address before doing a big transfer. It's not that small now but maybe the limit was set when BTC was worth less, like $1000 so 0.01 would be like $10.  So the robot leaves the small change alone and pounces when it sees a big one.
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:02:37
I think most likely the blockchain.info seed or private key were compromised somehow, either by email or something else. OP still has not answered if this is possible. Or the blockchain account was old and generated when they had bugs with their random number generator logic. 
The thief set up a program to watch the address to see if it ever got significant funds immediately issue a transaction to steal the funds. It ignored the later 0.01 BTC balance as too small to steal.
@_date: 2016-09-14 15:17:36
What? What kills is lack of knowledge and stupid comments like your incorrect "vaccines kill". Vaccines have been amply proven to save millions of lives. Dangerous superstitions like yours might actually lead people to avoid a vaccine that would save them or their children from a terrible preventable disease. 
It is true that clean water and basic sanitation is also needed in Africa, but vaccines are also desperately needed and are a big reason why we have low rates of infectious diseases.
@_date: 2017-09-24 15:35:05
Yes, and to protect against the loss of the private key, generate the private key from a scan of fingerprints / facial recognition / retina, such that each element contributes a small part of the key. If Grandma loses a finger, it is still possible to recover the key via a brute force search with the other fingerprints etc. 
@_date: 2019-05-13 21:11:17
I'm still trying to understand how this would work. If the exchange realize the hack before the transaction was mined and performed a double-spend with a 700BTC fee, I can see that the miners would choose that transaction instead of the hackers'. But if the hacker's transaction was already mined say 3 blocks ago, then if a mining pool decides to re-mine 3 blocks back to get that reward and succeeds, they get the 700 BTC but none of the other mining pools get anything. The other pools have no incentive to mine the shorter chain, and the one who mined the 700 BTC reward doesn't get to keep it because it will never become part of the longest chain.
Only if more then 50% of the miners are incentivized to mine the shorter chain would this work. Maybe with a series of rewards? So Binance could issue a series of time-locked transactions moving the funds every block and paying a large reward. That would give other miners that can see all these future transactions an incentive to mine the short chain until it catches up. Each miner that mines the short chain is taking a risk that the others won't join in. I am not sure if the game theory equilibrium favors the short chain miner.
Of course, the hackers could do the same thing and they have the advantage of being ahead a bunch of blocks. But anyway Binance could force them to waste some of their ill-gotten gains by at least trying to force this reorg.
Does this have wider implications for a future where large entitites are using bitcoin to move huge sums of money? Like if Venezuela is keeping a few billion dollars of national reserves in bitcoin and uses a transaction to make a billion dollar payment to Exxon and a short time later they have a falling out and Venezuela pulls this reorg trick, and Exxon fights it by doing the same thing with their received payment. With a billion dollars at stake I wonder how Exxon could guard against it happening in the first place.