@_author: fairblocker
@_date: 2014-10-30 20:13:35
We are building almost exactly what you describe. It is called FairBlocker and will be released in about 3 weeks. 
Will be at fairblocker.com, though the site is currently in "locked down" mode for our alpha testers.
At launch we actually won't accept BTC, only USD, but will be integrating BTC within the first two months. I wish we could do BTC on day one, but we are a small team with no outside funding, and there are about a million things to build just to launch the basic product. 
The way it works is that you pay a small monthly subscription fee. $5-$10. That subscription gets divvied up amongst the sites where you block ads and paid out to them on a monthly basis. 
We hold the site earnings in escrow for the websites to come and claim (and have already built the site ownership verification that you mentioned). Once the site has been claimed, we pay out on a monthly basis. We also actively engage sites when their earnings cross $500. 
Stay tuned :)
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:50:00
Wow, I am so jealous of your internet. Our connectivity in the US is so incredibly poor compared to many other countries.
Yea, you nailed it regarding Flattr. They are a tipping platform. We are an ad blocker that allows a user to compensate websites for the blocked ads. 
Unclaimed funds are retained indefinitely, such that a site may come and claim their full earnings at any time. We will never keep the money for ourselves and will never use publisher earnings for operational expenses. If we ever cease to exist as a business, we will give the user the choice to either receive a refund for uncollected funds or for the funds to be donated to the charity of their choice from a small list. This is stated explicitly in our terms of service. 
That said, we do have a service fee; it is simply a necessity. At launch, the fee will be 15% of the subscription. Over time, I would like to lower this rate as we reach an economy of scale. The intention is for as much of the subscription as possible to be paid out to publishers, though we must achieve a sustainable business before we can lower our fee. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:51:10
No, thank you! We have been working on it for nearly a year (full time and unpaid) and are just starting to talk about it publicly. I've long believed in the idea myself, but validation from others is hugely encouraging. 
@_date: 2014-10-30 20:57:35
As it stands at launch, we're letting people choose their monthly subscription, with a minimum of $5. "What is the ad free internet worth to you?"
I feel that $5/month is very inexpensive - you probably pay $50+ for your internet connection alone - and is thus a simple starting point for launch. (I could be wrong - thoughts?)
We do have plans for a la carte down the road. Something like a user gets to choose how much they want to pay for their ad free page views. As they browse, their account balance declines accordingly, then has to be topped-off when it hits $1. In the long run, this is likely a better model, and will help with supporting BTC payments anyways.
There are so many things I want to support and wish I could do it all at once, but we are two full timers and two part timers, and as of yet are unpaid. We're very focused on getting a functional product out the door, as opposed to all the bells and whistles. As we get further, feedback from customers will inform what we build next! 
