@_author: faithle55
@_date: 2018-01-09 06:58:07
I recognise that feeling!
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:50:20
There is no 'federal banking system'. 
The banking system is international. 
The National Reserve Banking system is employed in a plethora of countries.
Try to stop thinking as though the world ends at your national boundaries.
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:18:30


Did I not just ask you not to do this?


No, they don't. 
@_date: 2019-07-29 15:15:21
"...over the centuries..."
Is it your case that something, the present form of which is the result of 'change' 'over the centuries' can be accurately called "radical" or "new fangled"?
@_date: 2019-07-29 19:00:43
I read. 
Bills of exchange sometimes come up in legal disputes. It's necessary to know what they are and how they work. A decent law book will tell you something about the origins of things.
I studied English with medieval arts at Uni, learned about how medieval society worked. 
I've read so much - and it's only got worse since the internet - I'd probably struggle to tell you how I originally learned about most things I know.
I remember being curious when I first noticed that English bank notes (there were £1 notes in those days!) said "I promise to buy the bearer on demand..." and so when I first heard about 'bearer bonds' (probably not *Die hard*, but probably some earlier film in which they were a plot device) I put two and two together and figured that there was some relation between bank notes and bearer bonds.
I was reading about Pacioli, the Italian who invented double entry bookkeeping, and that book taught me about early banking practice in Italy. 
I was looking into Islamic banking practices when I was involved in a case where it was an element. I learned that someone in Pakistan would pay money to someone else in Pakistan, and then the second person would communicate with someone in England, and then a second person in England who was owed or being paid the money by the first person in Pakistan could collect it from the first person in England. The second person in Pakistan and the first person in England would settle up somehow - a payment going in the other direction, perhaps.
I was talking to someone involved in the case and that person told me that before telecommunications were existed the second person in Pakistan would have to send a document - a bill of exchange, possibly a bearer bond - to the first person in England. Sometimes the person who wanted the money at the far end of the line would be travelling himself, and he would take the bill with him - an awful lot like carrying a £100 note, or 100 guilder note, or 100 franc note. 
...and so on.
@_date: 2019-07-29 17:18:54
No, there wasn't.
Bills of exchange existed before banks. Banks started issuing bills of exchange as soon as they came into existence. The introduction of what we now know as paper currency was barely noticed.
@_date: 2019-07-29 06:34:12
This is untrue.
Paper money began as a simple system for securely transporting financial assets.
These were 'bills of exchange'. A bill of exchange was (is) a piece of paper on which a person ('the promisor') promised to pay a certain amount to the holder of the piece of paper.
One category of bills of exchange could be 'indorsed', meaning that the last person whose name was indorsed would be the person entitled to the money. Others could not be indorsed, and only the person named on the bill was entitled to be paid.
English bank notes used to say (perhaps still do) 'I promise to pay the bearer on demand the sum of [eg] £5', and they were signed by the Treasurer of the Bank of England.
So essentially a 'bank' 'note' was merely a bill of exchange where the promisor was the Bank of England as opposed to any other person.
Previously other banks followed the same process: people didn't want to have to go around in their country or in other European countries carrying large amounts of cash. If you had a bill of exchange, an unindorsable one, there was no point in people stealing it because it was no use to them.
A promise to pay 'the bearer' without the need to indorse the reverse was not especially new either.
Paper money was a gradual transition required by commerce and international commerce during the middle ages and up to the modern era.
It was never a 'radical, newfangled idea'.
Such a shame that Mr Winklevoss makes such a dumb error about something he ought to know more about.
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:01:24
I find it difficult to believe that there were many, if any, people who bought drugs via the Silk Road who would not have acquired them in some other way if it hadn't been there.
Second, drug laws are stupid anyway. If adults want to waste their lives taking drugs, let them go to it. We don't stop people from wasting their lives being fat, or being Bronys.
@_date: 2017-10-15 10:30:54
She moved to where you are from Newcastle-upon-Tyne? 
Curses, she never tells me anything.
@_date: 2017-10-16 05:55:51
No, it wasn't.
What happened is that *some people on the DNC staff* and who supported Clinton were trying to tilt the field in Clinton's favour. It was not the DNC proper, and Clinton wasn't involved at all.
There's simply no excuse for being so ill-informed about this. Go do some reading, all of you.
@_date: 2017-10-16 05:53:27


No, it hasn't.
And don't confuse Wikileaks' credibility with Assange's - much as he does that himself. I haven't said word one about *Wikileaks'* credibility; and the fact that you describe my posts as an *ad hominem* argument goes to show how confused you all are about this.
An *ad hominem* argument is where you seek to challenge an opponents arguments by attacking his character. When I criticise Assange's character it's not because I'm challenging some argument he's making; I'm simply pointing out that he is a slimy git.
And rather than suppose that everyone who went bail for him is OK about having to pay £tens of thousands, why don't you research it? (They aren't.)
And finally: Sweden hasn't 'dropped the investigation'. 
You fanbois are so badly informed. 
@_date: 2017-10-15 20:30:05
No, he didn't. 
Check the documents again. If you can find anything that constitutes evidence of collusion between Hillary Clinton and *anybody*, I'll buy you a cream cake.
@_date: 2017-10-15 20:29:14


No, he wouldn't. Neither the UK nor Sweden will extradite him to the US. He sucked you in, just like he did many others.
 
And he has no credibility, except with teenage boys and conspiracy theorists.
@_date: 2017-10-15 14:19:42


LOL, right.
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:18:23
I'm a moron *and* I'm uninformed? Wow, man, harsh.
1. Sweden hasn't 'ended' the investigation. Limitation period has run out on some of the allegations (and therefore he cannot be charged) but not on others. Those others are still live.
2. What Swedish extradition order was illegal? Are you referring to the European arrest warrant? If so, i) it's none of the UN's business, and ii) the UN has proved no such thing.
3. America cannot make an extradition 'order' in respect of Assange. It may be the country with the most expensive war machine in history, but currently only the UK could conceivably make an extradition *order* with regard to Assange. (Even then, arguably, such an order could not be enforced and therefore almost every judge would refuse to make it, because judges don't like to make orders which make the legal system seem helpless when they can't be carried out.)
**An** email, is all I've seen, from someone at Stratfor claimed there was a sealed indictment. There are a lot of problems with this. 
i. What would Assange be charged with? He's not a US citizen so he has no duty to protect US secrets, and can't be charged with espionage or any such stuff.
ii. How would anyone from Statfor find out? Grand Jury proceedings are not an intelligence operation, they are a law enforcement operation; anyone from inside the GJ process who shared the information would be guilty of all sorts of crimes, not least being treason. 
The process is this. 
If and when Assange leaves the Embassy, he will be remanded to custody pending trial for breaches of the Bail Act. He will then be tried and, of course, convicted - there can be no doubt he committed those breaches, otherwise he would not still be in the Embassy.
Then he'll serve a sentence. Not long, but he'll almost certainly get the maximum sentence because of all the aggravating factors. 
During that time, if the US government so wishes, it must *ask* the UK to ship Assange to the US. It does this by a) making a request in a legally proscribed manner to the Secretary of State (could be either for Ministry of Justice but probably for Home Office) and b) issuing proceedings within the High Court in London as provided for in the Extradition Act 2003. In order to succeed, an extradition request must be accompanied with a certificate from a prosecuting authority in the US that Assange has committed or is suspected of a crime within the US. 
Which brings us back to the original question: of what crime could Assange - an Australian citizen - be accused in the US?
*This* is how these questions are dealt with, not with hand-wavy "Wooo! it's all a plot to get him to the US wooo!" bollocks that you're peddling.
Us morons know these things.
@_date: 2017-10-15 13:20:48
Can't say the thought appeals to me. 
Apart from anything else, I'm a heterosexual male.
Also, what happened two years ago?
@_date: 2017-10-15 12:17:51
Oh, *special needs*. We had those when I was a kid.
We used to call them 'the mongs'. Terribly un-PC, but it was a long time ago and we were kids.
@_date: 2017-10-15 08:24:30
Assange: 
So you have enough now to pay back the people who went bail for you in London.
Once you've done that you can surrender to the authorities, take your punishment for jumping bail, and then go to Sweden to allow it to complete the investigation into the allegations against you.
If you don't do that, you have no credibility as a human being nor as a critic of any other person or institution in this entire planet.
@_date: 2017-10-16 18:27:14
Well, thank you for the reference. I must have missed the revelations back in May. Of course, that has absolutely no bearing on his motives and the character flaws he displayed when secretly running from Sweden to avoid being convicted.
My attack on him is not *baseless*: he deceitfully ran away from allegations of sexual misconduct, and jumped bail although many of his supporters then had to pay substantial sums of money; it's not *subjective*: he deceitfully ran away from allegations of sexual misconduct, and jumped bail although many of his supporters then had to pay substantial sums of money; and it's not *irrelevant*: he deceitfully ran away from allegations of sexual misconduct, and jumped bail although many of his supporters then had to pay substantial sums of money. 
His schtick is that Wikipedia holds the powerful to account; and yet he has done everything he could to avoid being held to account.
As for the bail sureties: 
I bet you haven't read that before, have you? Ask me if I have, go on, ask me.
If Assange had not acted like a total creep, then I would still be supporting him and what Wikileaks tried to do. (Well, *probably*, because some of the decisions and timing in the last 18 months has been decidedly questionable.) But he did act like a creep.
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, I'm going to call it a duck even if it is a thorn in the side of authority.
@_date: 2017-10-15 10:05:55
Hi, kid. How's school coming along?
@_date: 2017-10-15 10:18:06
That's nice. Don't forget to eat your lunch, and concentrate in class.
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:35:22
Presumably he was convicted under RICO, and this is exactly what it was designed for - to convict people of criminal activity without charging each offence.
Let me know if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:12:43
Upvote for asinine!