@_author: fakelaughter
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:01:44
Out of curiosity, how do you ensure your paper wallets aren't compromised by spyware/screenscrapers, etc? 
Or, for the ultra-paranoid, instead of 'how do you?' maybe just 'do you?'
(I know how I do it, just curious how/if others do it).
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:54:00
Yeah, part of my thought was almost beyond that...that the depositor doesn't even create or touch the private key.  The 'bank' creates the paper wallet completely offline, and sends the depositor the public key.  the depositor then funds the account with whatever he chooses, along with a secondary fee deposit to the banker (could be a percentage or flat fee).  
The depositor can monitor the account online with no worry that anyone can do anything with his deposits because the private key has never been transmitted or stored online.
If the depositor wants his funds, he tells the banker to send the private key by whatever method he feels comfortable (mail, email, phone, etc) and does what he wishes with the funds.  Or he never sees the private key, he simply requests the funds be deposited to another address, etc.
This is obviously more like a savings account than checking.  Checking, or more advanced features like transferring 'some' funds would obviously be more complex.
The main issue (beside the obvious trust) is that the depositor has to be able to prove to the banker he is who he says he is.  To some extent this is less secure than the private key system itself, but one major benefit it has is that it couldn't be compromise at a large scale (a user could be compromised by someone with enough access to the depositors details, but this is unlikely on multiple users, and the process would be too slow to be executed suddenly and unexpectedly).
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:03:33
Thanks.  Will look into that bot.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:25:01
I think the part of the 'bank' solution that would make it more secure than keeping your own paper wallet would be that you, yourself, *don't* have the private key.  
If you have you're own private key, then the bank is basically only serving as a backup location in case your copy is legitimately lost or destroyed (not stolen). 
Probably not a bad idea as a service in itself, but should be differentiated from a 'bank' actually holding your funds in safekeeping.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:17:00
That would certainly be a good solution for the backup situation.  A lawyer would definitely be a better option for that, as the bank would have to go through some method of verifying the family was entitled to their half of the key, where the lawyer would already be getting paid for their part of the verification (he would obviously know his client had died, etc). 
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:00:45
I replied already, but kind of using your example to clarify some things (the conversation back and forth idea is helpful).
bank: (Has many paper wallets printed from an offline system stored in a secure location and the public keys copied to an online machine available for distribution)
1. depositor: hey, i'd like to use your service
2. bank: okay, great. For your initial transaction, use the same bitcoin address to send .01 bitcoins to our fee address (x0x0x0x0x0x0x0x0x0) and at least .01 bitcoins this public address (xxxxxxxxxxxxxx).  From that point forward the public address (xxxxxxxxxxxxxx) is yours to fund as you wish as the private key is completely secure (It's never been stored or used on any online device).
3. depositor: great!  (sends .01 bitcoins to the bank fee address and at least .01 bitcoins to his new public address from the same address.) (From then on he can deposit coins to this address, knowing (trusting) that no one can, or ever could, intercept the key)
From that point forward, the only way for funds to be retrieved from the new public address is for the bank to physically open the secured location and send the depositor the private key associated with that public key.
But how do we know it's the depositor sending the request.  If he sent some type of password at the time of deposit, it could have been registered by spyware, and if that's the case, we could assume the spyware also has the public key, so the person controlling the spyware could monitor the public key and when it gets large enough, he could request we send the private key to him (or the depositors mailbox, which would could assume is compromised as well).  Then, when the depositor later asks for the private key, or realizes his public key no longer contains any bitcoin, our records would show the private key was already sent.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:19:46
The only question with that method of verification (from a paranoid point of view) is that creating/transmitting the signed message has the same point of compromise that the initial private key would have had.  
In any event, something of that nature would have to be decided on for the method to work at all on more than the smallest of scales.
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:43:51
Yeah, I actually thought of the bank idea after coming up with a similar solution.  After process I went through of coming up with paper wallets I feel comfortable couldn't have been compromised, I realized most people aren't going to go through with that and will either go through with their purchases with their fingers crossed that nothing on their computers or phones or the web service they use has been compromised.  
Or, they could put their trust in a person or group where they are assured no online/computer hack can affect their money (so no 'oh crap, someone hacked us and now all 'your' money is gone) and only one person or group to blame if something goes wrong.  With the right system, literally something like a physical, real person, bank robbery would have to be committed for their funds to be lost.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:39:26
I think I follow, but I'm not really concerned that they verify they own the address they're sending from (the fact that they're sending at all does that part).
The part I want to verify is when they ask for the private key for the paper wallet i created for them, how do I verify they are the intended recipient.
One of the main point of compromise I'm trying to ensure against is spyware on their system compromising their bitcoins. If they send some type of confirmation as part of their transaction with a signed message, the spyware could have simply noted their confirmation details and could request a withdrawl after they make a deposit.
Not knocking your process, just trying to get a handle weak points of the system.
