@_author: fakienosegrob00
@_date: 2017-08-17 03:45:14
Jesus, dude. Didn't mean to strike a nerve. Just expressing my perspective. 
As a newb myself, I personally learn better from these anecdotal situations because there's context involved and it's not just a barrage of dense information about a complex subject. 
It's obtuse of you to suggest I'm putting in zero effort, expecting everything on a silver platter. Like I don't have eight other tabs open and a growing bookmarks folder of resources to digest that I found in this sub. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 03:19:11
The downside of a subreddit just for newb questions is that it is mainly frequented by only newbs with questions. 
The only answers are provided by knowledgeable folk who are both confident and generous enough to visit the subreddit soley for the purpose of answering newb questions.
I think the advantage of a single Newb Question Thread nested in a main subreddit is that it's more likely for a passerby user of average experience to see a problem in the thread and think "Oh shit, I just answered that for myself recently. I'll share my helpful anecdote!" Thus netting more frequent and varied answers for the newbs.
Plus, the users of average experience have the opportunity to read other helpful anecdotes to add to their knowledge bank, even if they weren't particularly seeking it in the first place.
@_date: 2017-08-17 12:00:40
You need to relax. 
I'm the giant asshole?? 
The post that got your panties in a twist is literally my first post to this sub. 
So all this newb spamming and questions that are apparently ruining your fucking life are not me and have never been me. 
I was merely explaining the value I found in questions that were already posted and answered. 
This isn't a country club, it's a just forum. 
Assholes like you are literally who the title of this thread is talking to. You are being a toxic dick that makes newbs think that Bitcoiners are pretentious Assholes. How ironic. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 05:09:17
I've been looking to trade with GDAX, but hit a snag today.. 
What's the minimum amount of BTC you can trade on Gemini? 
I'm just now learning about crypto, so I wanted to buy some BTC on GDAX and start trading around and continue learning. 
Deposited $100 into my Coinbase/GDAX account and planned to buy/trade little $10 chunks or so, about .001 BTC, I think, but then GDAX informed me that my Buy wouldn't go through because I had to buy greater than .01 BTC. 
So it looks like the minimum buy amount on GDAX is more than my total $100 account right now and I'm looking for a different exchange to use for now that allows smaller trades. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:13:40
"alerts set for &lt;8000"
How do you set alerts? 
Can you do that in GDAX? 