@_author: fakkkkkit
@_date: 2014-04-20 12:45:24
Silkroad is minor compared to the 6 assassin hits he paid for. That is what will put his ass in jail for life, not silkroad.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:13:33
Charges being dropped = could be a ton of reasons for.
For instance that they baited him.
@_date: 2014-04-20 18:14:48
Like I said: I am not stating that he did, but I do not find it hard to believe that this sort of fella could do that at all.
Let's not kid ourselves. Silkroad was not some sort of altruistic ideologically driven project. It was profit, profit and more profit.
When you start talking about tens of millions of dollars and more then people do crazy shit.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:25:13
I don't like governments overreaching powers either, but I just don't believe this conspiracy theory.
We *know* for a fact he made Silkroad and operated it. He was also very sloppy about it. 
This is a guy who set up a site for people to deal all sorts of illegal shit PURPOSEFULLY. He didn't just want to give people a open market place to trade without boundaries, he ENCOURAGED ILLEGAL SALES on it. He even setup shop before setting up silkroad to have initial products.
This guy isn't some sort of hero. He wanted profits and more profits.
It's not at all unlikely that such a dude would turn to murder for hire.
They had more than enough evidence on this guy to nail him for decades, so I *really* doubt they would make up the murder for hire story to get it blasted all over the news for then to be questioned publically about it afterwards.
Most likely they just do not have any evidence for it so they drop it. This happens in most cases. Usually they drop several actual murder cases from serial killers, just to make sure they nail the guy for some other shit instead. They don't really care *what* he is charged and convicted of, as long as he is convicted.
The other plausible alternative is that they went a little too far with "baiting" him to do this.
The absolutel least likely option is that they made it up. They didn't have to, at all.
@_date: 2014-04-20 18:08:02
I just say LOOK AT THE EVIDENCE.
You are a aquiantance of him, it's usually they who know the least.
Case in point: most serial killers have their friends going on campaigns just like this. "oh he could never do that, because that would mean that *I* associate with such people and THAT is impossible"
@_date: 2014-04-20 17:12:37
You are clearly incapable of discussing based on reasoned arguments.
We all *know* he ran Silkroad. Hell his lawyer is going to try to say that Bitcoin isn't money, so he can't be charged :)
Hell he was even caught with a laptop logged in. He used the same username to ask random technical questions on stackexchange. He was sloppy as hell. Sloppy criminals end up in jail. It's that simple.