@_author: fall4free
@_date: 2016-08-03 13:48:12
This is more like some dude stole your wallet witch you had millions of dollars in took the cash and tossed you back the empty wallet as they ran off.
If you did not setup the bitcoin account but use a online web based account the money is theres and they have a iou agreement with you. This goes the same with banks the money is theres and each month they send you a piece of paper saying what they owe you. Bitcoin means you own the money and you can do what ever you want with it but if someone gets your account they can too.
@_date: 2014-07-13 13:12:31
Do tell about your bad experience. Hopefully a solution or improving can be found
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:57:33
this may be a VERY stupid question 
but what stops the same paper wallet being made twice and accidentally sending coins to the both wallets?
@_date: 2016-03-08 02:09:46
That's what they want us to think
@_date: 2016-12-14 16:40:51
The problem is if you can't trust/use bitcoin to get/buy common items why should people spend time on it. The concept of only being used for large purchase is crazy and is costing us user's.
I can pay for things with my phone(pay wave with a credit card) bitcoins need to remove the barriers that are holding it back like the idea that its not for small purchase and buying it is just a few Wikipedia pages of reading away. 
Bitcoin value is only worth what people think it's worth so don't tell people what they can't do with it tell them what they can do.
@_date: 2016-12-02 02:06:02
A fair chance alot of that is caused but having to stand in que for hours at a time. In western civilization everyone would have a big Mac and coke and throw that on the ground if moving ment you lost your spot 
@_date: 2015-09-09 14:28:26
From my semi understanding.
Someone sent alot of money to a wallet that exists but due to the way the maths works the private key will nearly never be produced. Think of it like you need to work out how to get the value 4 when multiplying by 3 you will get dam close but almost a true 4.
@_date: 2015-09-09 15:46:55
All the possible wallets exist  but the private keys for them have not been figured out as of yet. The odds of people using the same account are like having 2 people pick up the same single grain of sand at the beach. (There are some flaws by not making a true random key that leads to shared accounts but reputable wallets don't have this problem)
 Paper wallets use this by having a isolated computer create a private key for a random wallet and then printing out the 2 pieces of info and removing all records. You then use a computer with a internet connection to send money to it. This is done to prevent any kind of virus getting a copy of your new account and only when you need that money do you type in the information on the printed page.
@_date: 2015-09-09 14:46:22
Better maths but from what I have read this particular key is a true pain in the ass to obtain. I'm still trying to figure out a better method but I think the 4 from 3 kinda works as its a simple concept 4/3, but due to the recurring nature of thirds a fixed printable answer is unreachable.
@_date: 2015-04-08 15:09:43
In my humble opinion this is created out of poor service and over priced meds but this is not the best solution. Medication is like the ultimate middle man item its made in India or in a country with cheap ingredients its then sent off and to the drug company they sell it to a supplier and there are some times multiple hops and then you get to your hospitals/pharmacy's. If it costs $1 to make and everyone wants ℅30 markup you are looking at arround $3 so if you want cheap cut the middle man and buy direct but good luck with that. 
Drug information can be purchased as a subscription hospitals and pharmacy's buy these resources for continual training, bulk distribution of this copyrighted material will lose your subscription and end up in court not because they want to keep it a secret but the research if sold cheaply would mean doctors can buy from separate sources and that company loses money to continue testing. For individual information on any prescription meds ask a local pharmacy for a print out they want you to come back.
Now the tough one doctors(gp) these guys need a kick up the butt. In my experience getting news like change your diet and do some activities or get some bed rest feel like cheap copouts by someone who can't do there job. On the other hand getting a script basically tells me that I was right and the doctor is on the ball. A better solution would be a cheap low level doctor for easy consolations and regular doctors for harder consulting. online doctors would be ripe with scammers and poor diagnosis.
I hate to be so negative but this is a problem caused by greed and lack of efficient resources. In Australia twice a year they renegotiate prices of medication but doctors(gp) are overworked and seen as tax income not public service. Its heartbreaking to hear the horror stories that come with the cost of treatment but a website like "Medsroad" would be quick fixes that are focused on making the customer happy and buying a product rather than the best quality of care
@_date: 2015-11-01 14:48:59
You buy there product with bitcoin 
Say $1 gets you 100 points and every month they give you %10 of your points as long as you have the points.
The problem is that the points have no limit on creation or cost to create. So the scam works by just creating the interest and the original points out of the air. This means you can only sell to other people who are getting scammed or drag others in.
This will effect bitcoin as it already struggles with a poor image and this scam works by confusing bitcoin credibility with there system
Interestingly the scam can be compared to a standard currency where a central authority can create limitless amounts of currency and interest means that people keep there money there as apposed to in physical goods. you can also only trade with others who use the printed currency. So the scam is basically a suped up version of every thing bitcoin is against.