@_author: falloutrip
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:55:51
Bravo, sir.
I studied Econ in undergrad and loved it to bits, but whenever someone prefaces with "I'm an economist" my skepticism levels go through the roof. Also when OP didn't even list 'commonly accepted medium of exchange' as a characteristic of money I knew he was full of shit. That characteristic alone makes bitcoin not money in the current market - sure, someone somewhere will accept it in exchange for goods and services (flashback to Silkroad), but you're never going to be able to go down to your local shops and buy your groceries with it, or buy a car at a run of the mill dealership with it.
I think bitcoin and blockchain technology in general is awesome and I can't wait to see where it goes, but bitcoin isn't replacing the dollar anytime soon. Anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional.
OP, go re-read your Econ 101 and Money and Banking textbooks, you've clearly missed a few important parts of each.
@_date: 2017-12-17 14:11:28
If the department of labor fiduciary rule would ever actually go into effect, all FAs will be held to the fiduciary standard. Most of the smart ones currently willingly join a fiduciary professional organization as a selling point. My company required all current advisors and staff to undergo fiduciary training and begin acting as though the DoL rule is already in effect.
It’s not a good look if you actively advertise that you’re not legally required to act with the client’s best financial interests in mind.
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:39:58
All I'm saying is that those economics ought to be focused on blockchain and distributed financial networks in general, rather than Bitcoin specifically. Using it as an example is fine, but Bitcoin will never take over as a major currency.


No shit. My undergrad had a healthy smattering of traditional micro/ macro, as well as plenty of Austrian so that I could learn both sides. I think there is a lot of logical truth in Austrian, but there is also a lot to be learned from dissecting a problem mathematically.
The point I made is that currently transaction costs and the knowledge barrier to entry is very high with Bitcoin right now, and while many wallets and exchanges simplify the process it's still not usable as a currency in day-to-day life. If you want to use Bitcoin for anything major, you still have to exchange it to dollars. As-is, its primary use is as an investment vessel, and we're very likely looking at a price bubble. If it pops good luck getting the general public to buy into it as a viable currency again.