@_author: falsum2
@_date: 2018-01-12 10:30:25
You may notice that after that revolution they made sure to establish a government, which was funded by taxes. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 12:36:29


Okay, but in asking for that, you're essentially asking to be given something for free. Sovereignty over your land is not something that you have some natural right to and that was taken away from you; it's something that was *actively created and maintained* by the state. Why should the state (or your neighbours, for that matter), be willing to just hand that over to you because you think you should have it?


No, it relies on *neutral* enforcement. I know a lot of libertarians who think they can just defend their own property. But that doesn't lead to any system of property ownership that remotely resembles what you have under state protection, because essentially it means that the owner of the land is whoever is most able to marshall violence in support of their claim. I have no doubt that you'll get an AR-15 or something and be ready to defend your property. But if 30 heavily-armed guys show up who think that actually they should be the ones to own that property, you don't really have any meaningful way of asserting those ownership rights. The reason why we have a sensible system of property rights under the state is because the police can wield overwhelming force, and the courts direct that force in a way that is in accordance with consistent rules about who owns what.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:26:22


Can you name any specific ones? And can you suggest ways that future hypothetical stateless societies could avoid being simply absorbed by neighbouring states?


What exactly do you mean, "our land"? Do you mean it as in "Land to which I have a deed of ownership?" Because that's going to be a problem. Private ownership of land only gives you some rights with respect to what happens on that land. Depending on local laws, you most likely have the right to build on it, to decide who can access it, and to sell those rights to somebody else. 
But there is no system of property ownership I know of in which *private ownership* overrules *state sovereignty*. Just because you own the land doesn't mean the state doesn't retain certain rights over it, for example the right to police it and defend it from foreign aggression using military force. And it's not just the state that has an interest in maintaining those rights over it. Your non-libertarian neighbours, for example, would probably prefer that your land remain subject to the same system of laws and protections that theirs is.
You might say that this is all wrong, and the state and your neighbours should simply respect your ownership of the land and butt out. But that ignores the facts that land ownership, even more than most other forms of property ownership, relies on state enforcement. You didn't *make* the land, after all. You just purchased a piece of paper that says armed agents of the state will come and forcefully remove anyone on it who you don't want there, or that they will take your side you when you do so yourself. But both of these actions depend on the concept of state sovereignty that I mentioned above. Without it, private ownership doesn't really make any sense.
tl;dr "Our land, of course!" isn't as simple an idea as you think.
@_date: 2017-12-10 13:57:15


Well I guess we'd have to ask the Somalis about that. It's possible (though doubtful IMHO) that's correct. But even if it is, it doesn't do anything to disprove my point. 


I never said that *every single conceivable state* is better than living without one. I said that modern democratic states, for all their glaring, obvious flaws, are still much, much better places to live than places with no state at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:29:32
This is bad advice that will get people sent to prison.
@_date: 2017-12-10 13:34:46


That's demonstrably false. Look at any country where the state has collapsed. Somalia. Syria. Libya. If you think inflating money and forbidding free trade is even in the same universe of evil as what those gangs do, then you badly need some perspective. There's a reason why refugees flow from those countries to countries with modern democratic states, and not the other way around.
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:47:11


That actually kind of supports my point. Anywhere the government collapses, some other kind of governing entity quickly emerges to replace it. In many cases this is, as I pointed out earlier, simply the most powerful gang, and the assume control so that they can rob the rest of the population.


On whose land?
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:19:48
...Which would mean that all the money you're not paying in taxes would instead be stolen by the most powerful local gang.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:39:53
I tried that, and when I put in the specifics it said there were no trades available. hm...
@_date: 2017-12-10 12:51:24
Well yeah, you can see it that way. But it's a gang that uses at least some of the money it takes from you to maintain a stable and functional society, that is subject to rules about how it is allowed to treat you, and whose actions you can influence through voting. As gangs go, that's a pretty good deal.
@_date: 2017-12-03 12:08:48
Except that there's no charity to operate food inspection agencies, or ambulance services, or unemployment insurance, or enforcement of environmental regulations, etc.
Charities are great for helping people (or sometimes animals, ecosystems, etc.) in specific circumstances, so long as they are publicly visible, photogenic, and solvable by an injection of cash. But not all public goods work well with a charity-based funding model. Charities can't build infrastructure; they can't enforce standards; and they can't operate universal social programs. Those things are best funded by taxes.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:12:26
Why New Year's Eve specifically?
@_date: 2017-12-03 12:09:18
So then vote for anti-war politicians.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:47:10
Ah, okay. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-08 11:03:42
You might be right. Arguments about "human nature" are slippery things that are always hard to either confirm or disprove. But either way, we should aspire to be better than that.
Pay your taxes, people. It's the right thing to do.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:22:22


What if I can't afford the protection of either of those things? Am I fair game at that point?
What if I hire security firm A to protect me, and you hire security firm B to protect your stuff. Can I then call in security firm A to protect me when I go to rob you?
The problem with private security substituting for the state is that it is, by definition, not *netural*. That means that you wind up with the exact same problems that come with people using their own firepower to secure/obtain property.


You do control it. That's what elections are for. These things should be controlled by society *as a whole*. The idea of individuals controlling their own private security forces is one that I find quite frightening.
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:58:59
Or if you run a business that accepts bitcoin as payment, or if you work for a business that pays its workers in bitcoin. Eventually, the tax agencies are going to start paying attention to bitcoin transactions for the purposes of income tax, corporation tax, etc.
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:23:39
True, but the fact that every fiat currency is mandatory for paying taxes *somewhere* gives it an intrinsic value that Bitcoin lacks.
Just to be clear: I don’t think this undermines the value proposition for Bitcoin. But let’s be honest about the differences between how it gets its value versus how fiat currency gets its value.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:12:32
Far from perfect, yes. But they can be improved incrementally. And I'll take even the worst democratic state over a world ruled purely in the self interest of the richest and most violent.
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:06:24
Yeah, I realise that. I'm a bit of a glutton for punishment sometimes.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:06:19


This is a good thing. Rich people would never willingly pay for poor people's health care, law enforcement, education, etc.
I mean, geez. I like breaking the power of the banks, but the anarcho-libertarianism of the Bitcoin community really puts me off sometimes.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:32:29
Well, yeah. But it would still happen. Anarchy as a system (or lack thereof) is fundamentally unstable. All it takes is for one person to decide to use force to amass power over others, and suddenly your anarchy has transformed into a dictatorship.
This is not a theoretical point. We have many examples of places where the state has collapsed, and people have been left to fend for themselves. The result is almost always that violent dictators emerge, either locally or nationally.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:14:26
Fair point. But they can't unilaterally influence the money supply the way they do with fiat currency. That'll be the most important issue. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:44:31
Unfortunately I think it's unlikely that the governments of any major countries start accepting bitcoin for tax payments any time soon. It's just not in their political interests to do so.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:18:47
Bitcoin will not overthrow any governments.
It might overthrow some aspects of the financial industry. I hope it does. It certainly shows promise in allowing people to avoid exorbitant charges on bank accounts, international transfers, etc. I'm rooting for that.
But as soon as any appreciable number of people start using bitcoin, governments will come up with a system to tax and trace bitcoin transactions. For example, they could require all cryptocurrency users to get a crypto license, which will, among other things, register your public key with the state so that they can trace back from transactions to your name. They could make it a serious crime, warranting significant jail time, to get caught with an unregistered bitcoin wallet, and they could easily devote some police resources to tracking a few unregistered wallets down to make examples of people. Then, once most bitcoin wallets are registered, the blockchain gives them a nice convenient ledger of everyone's transactions, which would actually facilitate the collection of tax, and the regulation of the economy.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:17:23


I figured you'd say something like that, but if that's the "system" we're going with, then the only thing that determines who properly owns anything is who is the best at enacting violence. And that is indeed exactly what we see in countries or regions where the state has collapsed. 
The only way the very *idea* of property can exist in any meaningful sense is if there is a neutral party (i.e. the state) capable of adjudicating competing claims (i.e. through the courts) and backing up its decisions with force (i.e. the police). Otherwise, anyone can lay claim to anything so long as they have a big enough gun.
Sure, the state does not fulfill this function perfectly. The police are not good at stopping theft, and the courts are often biased. But they do it well enough for the whole thing to hold together. I'd rather live in a corrupt Western democracy than in Somalia.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:35:31


That sounds an awful lot like taxation.


Who gets to decide what laws are bullshit? 
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:45:33
Gee, if only we had some kind of institution that we could use to help distribute resources in a fair and equitable way. Some kind of...state?
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:31:50
Say we both live in a country where it is nominally illegal to buy or sell bitcoin. I want to sell bitcoin. You want to buy it. It would be trivially easy for us to find each other (using Tor if necessary). Then you send me a direct bank transfer of fiat currency and I send you some bitcoins. 
It wouldn't be impossible for government authorities to find this transaction and put some kind of legal sanction on us, but it would be pretty difficult and resource-intensive.
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:05:49


That's a fair point that I hadn't thought of. Although the concept of legal tender means that in practice, the government could probably force people to accept fiat. Actually, come to think of it, legal tender is another big intrinsic source of fiat currency's value.
But I think generally, the government has a very strong incentive to maintain fiat as a standard means of exchange, because they can control its value much more easily than they can control the value of crypto. They can also print more of it (in moderation, obviously, lest they become like Weimar Germany), to make up funding shortfalls. This isn't conspiracy thinking: I *want* the government to play some role in managing the value of money, to help smooth over the impacts of financial crises, and I like that money printing exists as a fiscal policy option, so long as it isn't overused. Even if you don't agree with me on those points, you can look at it more cynically: governments don't like giving up power over things, and they will use all the means at their disposal to avoid doing so. And it turns out that the government has a lot of quite powerful means at their disposal to maintain the value of fiat.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:57:19
You missed the part where I said this has already happened several times. Look at any African, Asian, or Middle Eastern failed state. Look at inner cities in first word countries where the police don't often go. Look at Christiana, the Anarchist Republic in Copenhagen that was quickly taken over by organised criminals.
Hell, look at the early history of any European country: The earliest people in any place lived basically in anarchy, but inevitably,  whenever agriculture appeared, violent people took control, assumed powers of taxation, and their descendents became an entrenched aristocracy who got to make all the laws. Only in the last 200 years or so have some countries managed to assert some level of popular control over these structures of power, and then them to public benefit rather than private privilege. And you want to scrap all that and send us back to square one?
Anarchy begets tyranny. Every time. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:18:22
I guess maybe we define "intrinsic value" differently. For me, the fact that the government uses its power to enforce certain uses of fiat currency qualifies as intrinsic value, because people will always need it for those things. But obviously you're right that that rests on a certain political situation that could conceivably change.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:29:21
I find it interesting that your primary metric of whether or not democracy has failed is wars and taxation. Even if your analysis is correct on both of those points, you haven't at all addressed the economic well-being of people in feudalism vs. democracy. This is an important point, as the vast majority of people in pre-democratic societies were impoverished peasants or slaves.


Okay, but who, in the absence of a state, gets to decide whose property is legitimate? 
Also, what about the huge masses of people (that still exist in the present day) without much property? Do they just get screwed in your anarchist society? And, if so, why do you think they would respect the property rights that are so important to it?
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:42:04
How would you pay for your private police force?
What if you ask someone to leave because they ran with ice cream, and they refuse?
What if the neighbouring town, which has a bigger private police force than yours, decide that they want some of your stuff?
What if *your private police force* decides it wants some of your stuff?
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:32:02
Honestly I think there's a pretty strong chance that at least one major government will try, for the reasons you've described. Whether they succeed is another question. It's pretty hard to enforce against.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:58:39
The very concept of robbery is meaningless without a state to enforce property rights. That can't happen unless the state has some source of funding. I.e. Taxes.
Edit: Also, I'm not really interested in semantic arguments about what is theft versus what is not. A poor person's food is self-evidently more important than a rich person's yacht. So depriving that rich person of the yacht to pay for the poor person's food is just. Call it theft if you want, but that doesn't change the basic moral calculus.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:52:28


All things should be voluntary.
Okay, so then what if I choose not to pay for the security service? Or if I can't afford to? Am I then fair game for muggers, rapists, and serial killers? 


So just so we're clear: you're advocating an oligarchy where the rich get to make the rules. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:39:01
It would certainly impede the market. But there's a good precedent for people buying and selling bitcoin despite it being a bit of a pain in the ass. All the various anti money laundering provisions in national financial regulations has in many times and places meant that it takes at least an hour in front of a computer to buy bitcoins. That doesn't seem to have impeded things.
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:41:19
I think your misconception here is that taxes on bitcoin transactions have to be paid in bitcoin. There's no reason why this would be the case, however. The government has every ability to demand that you pay a percentage of the value of the bitcoins you earn, *in fiat currency*. It would then be legally incumbent upon you to sell your bitcoins for fiat currency in order to pay what you owe.
This means that regardless of how powerful crypto becomes, there will be a need for at least enough fiat currency to account for the total value of all government taxation. This means that fiat currency will always be valuable, even if only for that one specific purpose.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:08:04
You don't have to believe in anarcho-libertarianism to see a decentralised form of exchange as a good thing.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:10:49
Okay, then since nobody is telling me how to live at the point of a gun, I'm going to come over to your house with *my gun*, and force you to give me your private key.
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:28:57
I agree with the general point here, but devil's advocate point:
The pretty paper and data backed by paper are are the only way to pay the taxes we owe to the government. That gives them intrinsic value. The data not backed by paper doesn't have that benefit.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:26:57
I've already conceded that the state isn't perfect in its functions. But it's neutral enough to allow us to live reasonably stable and secure lives.
What makes you think you'd have liberty in a world without the state? The guy with the biggest gun (or the guy with deep enough pockets to pay for the best personal security service) could show up and make you do whatever he wants.