@_author: familiarfix
@_date: 2014-08-02 00:26:18
Thanks for the comments guys. As a response, I'll try to answer everything. I do have a bank account but I don't have any money in it right now. I'm recently out of a job and living with my parents until I'm back on my feet. I'm earning some money online plus selling a few things on eBay which goes into my paypal.
I'm relatively new to the bitcoin scene and I want to know all my options when it comes to purchasing/selling so I can be smart about it. The more you know about a subject, the better decisions you'll make right?
I'll take a look at the sites you guys linked me to in here. I'm sure this will all be easier once I have a stable chunk of money in my account and can afford a credit card to build some credit. I'm learning a lot about finances as of late, I'm just glad I don't have any debt from being careless in my ignorance.
Thanks again.
@_date: 2014-08-02 01:37:44
I have a bank account, but no funds to draw off of.
@_date: 2014-08-12 12:36:00
I would love to see the sources you're gathering your opinions from. Because, at least according to this study  , all of the data goes against what you're saying. The majority of the homeless population are either too young to work, too sick to work, or too old to get hired anywhere or learn a new trade.
There will always be people that try to leach off of the system (sadly it looks like the fattest leaches are the ones on top of the game) and we'll have to wait and see if that changes. In the mean time, to not help these people is one thing, but to criticize and damn their character is just kicking the dog when it's down. These people need empathy, compassion, and motivation. Not this skewed world view of yours that benefits no one save your own ego.
So go ahead. Make those lazy scum feel like the dirt they are. When it's all said and done. The legislation passed, the applause sounded and the confetti flown. You'll be nestled down with your comfort. Sure, you'll have problems come around. But nowhere near what the majority of the homeless population are faced with. Depression, extreme conditions, poor health, social stigma up the ass, lack of education, PTSD, the list goes on for days.
I just hope that I can look back at it all and see which side of the line my footsteps were on with a smile on my face.
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:23:25
I wonder if Caesar's Legion will start accepting Bitcoin as well...
@_date: 2014-08-12 13:18:22
Did I even imply that I wanted taxes to raise for the working class? I don't recall seeing that in my previous post.
All smarminess aside, I think it's up to the owners, founders, and shareholders of businesses to make sure the people doing all the hard work for them get their paid dues. This encompasses both government and private entities. If they don't invest in the very foundation that lifts humanity up, they'll see it all wash away in a flood of greed and corruption.
At least that's my opinion in the matter.
@_date: 2014-08-02 01:36:53
This place looks really great. Thanks for the help.