@_author: familyoptical
@_date: 2014-05-10 20:31:23
ITT: people bashing banks for applying sound keynesian principles.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:43:25
Return to after 2 months
Crazy people like op are still here
@_date: 2014-05-11 19:16:10
ITT: people bashing banks for applying sound keynesian principles.
@_date: 2014-02-17 02:16:24
no. what you just said is the dumbest fucking thing anyone can say. it completely undermines the rotation philosophy of a contrarian.
before the equalization of information through viral technologies, it was significantly more tedious (not difficult) to identify bearish retractions and their wave strength. if you actively paid attention to the  information that crops up concerning bitcoin, each one has a polarity towards a bearish or bullish behavior. 
how do you determine the severity of the influence? use your fucking head. it's not rocket science that "malleability" and liquidity lockouts such as being unable to withdraw are stronger influences than "random economist talks shit about xbt on CNN".
if a trader with decades of trading experience is unable to detect a dip with such all the natural tools of 6 hour spreads and a newsfeed, that trader should just short the fuck out and never return. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:28:50
why is this on the frontpage
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:33:13
i read your post 
actual arbitrage isn't just putting price differences together and raking in the profits. 
arbitrage is quickly exploiting price differences through ready to trade channels. 
why do soybeans often have significant pip differences on tse and tsx at any time of the day? why doesn't everyone arbitrage their way to fortune? 
you stated that the research you did fell through in the end. you acknowledge your oversight and learned from it. great. 
you still failed. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 20:24:18
despite the lack of substance in all of your threads, they always make it to the front page. 
op are you upvote botting your threads?
@_date: 2014-04-29 08:36:02
op you obviously haven't the slightest clue of the very short history of chinese financial economics outside of what you read on start from the plaza accord and work your way forward, you might just answer your own questions.
your post is so blindly optimistic, childish, and retarded that it discourages me from writing anymore. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:07:59
how do you manage to extrapolate my message to the point where you get the idea that using advanced technology is equivalent to anarchism? is a pretty accurate demonstration of the entire bitcoin community. invite your parents, or someone who knows nothing about bitcoin, to read with you. everyday non-stop circle jerk, conspiracy theories, and near-anarchist level political dissident. would they not think these people are insane? 
i don't know what you think marketing is, but marketing is delivering a message or product at the correct place, time, and needs of the customer all coincide. putting an movie trailer during a movie, high-margin sticks of gum by the checkout register, toy commercials on children's television networks is marketing done correct. scribbling on a circulating $20 bill is not. it's not even guerrilla marketing because it actively goes to disturb the customer to the point where they could potentially develop a stigma towards the message. 
assume you didn't know anything about bitcoin. if you received one of these $20 bills as change, would you honestly not be annoyed? you received currency that may or may not be accepted by merchants because it's been very visibly defiled. furthering your cause on the discomfort of others is a backwards concept. you don't make friends by telling them their friends are shitheads. 
and don't forget, normal people don't view fractional banking as the plague. and why would they? we can explain with confidence that it minimizes the blow of demand pull recessionary and inflationary gaps. 
a picture like this might fly in but no where else in the world. 
and lastly, anarcho capitalism. it's literally linked in the communities list. if that doesn't set off your crazy-alarm, i don't know what will. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 00:38:20
another thread where everyone has forgotten the purpose of fractional banking and further fuels the circlejerk bonfire of cryptocurrency.
heaven forbid that this community one day remembers that we can mathematically explain why debt financing through the overnight rate is the only reason why we haven't been hit by depression after depression. 
congratulations you never cease to degrade yourself. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 04:04:22
you need to do more than read investopedia and reddit. if you want an example of information equalization and how it differs today and from before viral communication (the internet, if you still can't understand) was the norm; get someone to show you what manual terminal trading was like at the TSE was like at the bursting of the property bubble. 
you don't even seem interested in trading. you sound more like a virgin investor whose only experience with capital and multipliers is limited to a crash course in macroeconomics and business calculus.
trading has nothing to do with worrying about cul-de-sac behavior. trading is a perpetual cycle of trying to rotate between long and short positions. the different between contrarians and their more conservative bullish counterparts is the rigidness of the bearish pips they're willing to take before entering or exiting. 


are you always this hostile? taking my words way out their intended purpose and extrapolating. you can accurately predict the trends of btc the same way you can accurately predict the trend of any other asset. post 9/11, negative media exposure on air travel, the value of aerospace manufacturers shares dramatically dropped. lehman brothers bankruptcy news breaks, dramatic confidence loss in usd throughout all pairs. google announces partnership with kitkat on naming the android platform, minor increase in share price. a recent bitcoin example: at the break of the senate's announcement that there were no plans to regulate bitcoin. the rise to $1,200. i made winning bets on all of these trades. 
the aptitude of a trader is their ability to understand the share/asset holders of their market and grade the intensity of the information released to them. 
edit: in the interest of your financial future, whether it be trading or investing; this may be the internet, but you need to chill out when people give you advice. 
i'm not an avant-garde savant trading multi-billionaire, but i've managed enough portfolios to think i know what i'm doing. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 17:56:23
patrons of see themselves as pioneers
outsiders looking in see as anarcho capitalists
you wonder why there's stigma around crypto when you do shit like this.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:16:31
so you failed at arbitrage?
@_date: 2014-02-18 23:02:41
in a nutshell, that's how every trader on the planet trades. the success/failure disparities between them are determined by their ability to gauge the importance of news release (and their input speeds of course). markets are not organic, living, breathing, self-conscious phenomenons; they don't just rally for no reason. Rallies are always caused by new information being introduced to the market participants. 
if you imagine trading styles like a number line. 1 indicating contrarianism and 100 indicating some bullish rally favoring behavior (there's hundreds of them). i'd say i'm right in the middle at 50.  
beginner traders tends to heavily gravitate towards one side of the spectrum. but with successive and failed trades, everyone tends to become a reductionist. it's not that being on one side is unhealthy for trading, but it limits the bets at your disposal. bullish traders will short when they see bearish trend formation, and bearish traders will short when they see bullish trend formation. (it's not actually that clean-cut, but for the sake of the example)
statistically, markets are in consolidation state 75%~80% of the time. the rest of the time, they're rallying. even then, the strength of the rally could be practically sideways or an extreme expansion/retraction. a really common, and absurdly effective, trading practice is sniping breakouts: the longer a consolidation goes on for, the more jittery the that specific market spread becomes. the more jittery the market becomes, the more sensitive to new information it becomes. being able to gauge the importance of news is critical for sniping breakouts. with that being said, rallies are far and far between, so it's much better to have a whole slew of strategies rather than just one. 
i personally started with rsi, when rsi was actually considered hot and relevant. today, it's an outdated and pretty terrible relative to all the others. i currently trade ichimoku kinko hyo (also known as clouds) because of its prediction accuracy in long saturated markets such as soybeans, sugarcane, and wheats. as for btc, there's no TA on the planet that can accurately predict btc or any cryptocurrency for that matter. it simply doesn't fit very well for a variety of reasons. but even with that, i still believe in the long term bullish prospects because of scarcity principle and how the world seems to really be josening it for some anarcho capitalism. which is a really scary thing actually.  
i just keep up to date with the news and try to overlay some clouds on my charts. while taking into account to take my indicator with a grain of salt. it's not difficult to tell what information being released is going to have an impact. as long as you don't try to scrape the bottom of the bag, or climb to the top of the rallies. you'll do fine as a trader. set pre-determined exit positions for yourself and take them when they come by. don't get greedy and overstay your welcome.  
and probably the most important trading advice anyone will ever give you: the only way to win at trading is to make winning bets while spending close to no time and effort in making it. once your bet is in, leave it. subscribe to an RSS feed which is relevant to your market and read the headlines. don't stare at charts all day like a corpse. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:36:45
read your investopedia definition to yourself and tell yourself you won this semantics argument. 
i couldn't care less whether or not we properly categorized this under [experience gained] or [lost in translation] labels. 
i'd stop myself from commenting on this thread if i knew i was going to be talking with such an anal character. 
you win, i lose. you're right, i'm wrong. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 10:43:24
if you're just starting off, it's more important to make sure you know what modern market environment is rather than actually learning market theory. "Boomerang" by Michael Lewis is an excellent introduction into the current state of usd spreads for example, "Play Money" by Julian Dibbel is useful for ludological markets. Avoid theology/sociology-touched text like spirit of capitalism like the plague. it just confuses people.
after that, it's difficult to make a specific recommendation without knowing what style you trade. bullish trading behaviors like scalping are by far the most popular, contrarian on the other end of the spectrum is considered the most dejected. depending on your threshold for loss aversion, finding a trading style that suits you is the first step. 
many contrarian texts are actually suitable for other styles. the nature of the style has to deal with inverse-importance of the fear principle (human nature is innately loss adversive compared to gain optimistic, bearish behavior key concept). "Art of Contrarian" by Carl Futia is a good introduction. 
there's also a whole series of books which goes through beta value importance and euphoria reversals. its name escapes me but it's a trilogy. 
after that, you can worry about the TA. 
I always recommend people who want to get into TA. Learn an indicator, trade with it, fall in love with it, never explore any other options. as for TA literature, I suggest not reading any at all. all books on any indicator always turns into a "TA for dummies" type of book. they give you tips and tricks, show you some clean example signals, and all the other comforts you expect from an indicator. learn the trading indicators from a text, but then leave immediately after. don't stay for tips and tricks. 
TA in a nutshell is the study of time, price level, volume, and rarely frequency and their relations with eachother. all TA looks parabollic and if you don't have a strong math background, understanding how all these factors interact with each other is actually so intuitive it becomes counter-intuitive.  the only way you can truly understand an indicator is to get a degree in econophysics and understand the actual mathematics behind the inputs. 
having a superficial understanding of TA is not a bad thing however. in fact, studying an indicator too hard will often cloud your judgment. mathematics is black and white, you can provide a correct answer to literally any question if you understand enough. asset exchange is grey, you cannot be correct 100% on human behavior. therefore, you cannot apply mathematically perfect models to project imperfect and, random by nature, human behavior. 
TA is fantastic as a confidence supplement, but rely too heavily on signals and you're in for a very bumpy ride. 
edit: this is just conjecture but; don't draw fibonacci everywhere on your charts.  i know ever since bitcoinwisdom added that feature, people want to do what the fancy career traders do and use all those fancy drawing tools. but for your own good, just don't do it. seeing price breaks generates stress of anticapation and just puts butterflies in your stomach.
other than that, fibonacci just makes your charts look cluttered and messy. don't use it. set specific exit positions for yourself and take them when they come.
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:32:46
again i've attempted the impossible task of trying to make someone see bitcoin and for what it is. 
i give up, you win.
@_date: 2013-11-10 21:36:25
what's your definition of 'professional'? Wall-street professionals don't care about the relative price.
'professionals' only care about the bear/bull period percentage change. 
people who long precious metals are not professionals.
@_date: 2013-11-10 18:57:33
how many times are people going to post comparisons before they realize people don't give a shit about crypto relative to alternatives. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 08:14:47
i don't think you understand what centralization is because centralization has nothing to do with individuals holding a large portion of an asset. 
centralization is when an organization performs the duty of an oversight or regulatory group which creates, records, and disseminates something.
a hydro electric company which has contracts with all of the local producers and municipalities is centralized on a territory level. the key element is that the local actors must go through the main firm in order move/purchase product. this perceived feeling of monopolistic ownership through exclusive distribution channel rights is centralization. 
the people who got in early and hoarded coin are just early adopters. they do not have an agenda and most do not provide any sort of service which could fit them into the same category. whether walls are real or not is irrelevant. no manipulated bid or ask will survive in the long run. correction through confidence testing will always prevail. 
for those of you who actually trade below 1h periods  by reading walls, even when no exchange ticker reports real time, you're fucking retarded. you're all obviously new to securities and assets or have no talent for this at all. 
stop trading in 1h periods and trend seek rather than rattle your head over the legitimacy of an ask wall.  
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:55:16
Agreed. 