@_author: fancyparking
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:07:20
the trial was unfair on multiple instances.  First, the prosecution only gave their discovery documents to the defense 5 weeks prior to the start of the trial which is ridiculous considering how many months they had to do this.  Secondly, the defense was barred from presenting much of its evidence because of the seal indictment against the DEA and SS agents.  The defense asked to postpone the trial until after the indictment came out, and the judge said no based on the belief that the New York and Baltimore investigations were kept separate.  This goes against what the prosecutions own witness stated (Yersomething) on stand during the defense cross.  The judge mentioned the murders in the sentencing (even though they were not proven and are to be charged in maryland).  Should I continue?  The matter is not whether or not Ross is guilty as we may never know that.  The matter is that he was not awarded a fair trial.  If he was and was still found guilty, that would be a separate issue.  The fairness of the trial is the biggest point of contention of most people  
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:31:45
Already happened
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:54:08
@_date: 2015-06-04 21:18:51
That's a very unfair statement. With all of the evidence the prosecution asked the judge to bar, and everything dismissed by the judge, they DID try.  The judge even refused to take into admission evidence the prosecution gave the defense in discovery because it might have jeopardized the investigation of Force and Bridges.  
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:27:53
With all due respect, please read more about the case.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:54:01
with all due respect, I understand the charge will be brought up in Maryland.  However, it was dropped from New York, and as the dropped charge was not proven beyond a reasonable doubt (unless the prosecutors are super-lawyers who are so good they can prove items they didn't set out to Prove), the judge deemed him guilty before Ross's due process.  I'm not saying Ross is innocent, and I'm not saying he's guilty.  What I am saying is that being charged in part for items which have yet to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt by his peers is an abomination of the legal system.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:53:18
You should watch Deep Web as well.  It presents a very good overview of what happened.  Frankly, I'd hope the average person with a modicum amount of sense would realize the sham this trial was... but who knows.  Most are too used at taking things at face value instead of using rational sense.
Really, whether Ross was guilty or innocent, we still have no idea.  I wouldn't go as far as saying he was innocent (since not all evidence was provided), but the spectacle that went on at the trial makes me more outraged for him than against him.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:40:27
They are appealing on multiple grounds.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:22:51
From what I hear, life in Federal court means the rest of your life.  Also, since it's federal, there's no chance of parole.  Hence, he will never see the world outside of bars except for metamirror's explanation.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:22:45
The problem with this is that the data presented by the prosecution could not be verified.  The fact of the matter is the judge blocked the defense from bringing in security experts to testify for the validity of those documents.  It is easy to change time stamps on a document.  The fact that there was no evidence permitted to validate or invalidate these time stamps, and that they are taken at face value, is a very bad precedent.  We're talking about information online that can be modified, yet was taken as absolute truth, which is very dangerous.  Also, the RAM of the laptop at the time of seizure was wiped out, so we really have no idea what was running.  Whether the government did that intentionally or not, we have no way of knowing.  That's the problem.  There's so many gray areas that we either don't know or the defense was barred from presenting that to say with certainty that Ross is guilty is very... wrong.
It's one thing if the data is stored on a public website like youtube or facebook where a third party's data can be used to validate your time stamp.  It's a whole different ballgame when you yourself are the only one with the data and the time of when you have it can make or break your case.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:34:58
For the intent of the New York trial and sentencing, they were dropped.  The fact that the judge did not seem to care or disassociate from the actual charges laid out is a different matter.   
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:01:08
Hi, have you read this?   It's Dratel's statement once the indictment came for Force and Bridges.  Tell me exactly how not being able to present all of your evidence equates to not challenging... how do you know they weren't going to challenge and then got barred because of the two rogue agents?  They could have, or they couldn't have.  We have no way of knowing until/if the appeals paperwork gets released.  Also, are you completely serious with this?  The charges WERE DROPPED (for this case) AND NOT PROVEN.  Please, use this argument once/if Ross is found guilty in Maryland.  By your arguments, I would assume gossip in high school is always true because it doesn't get denied.
Just to make it clear. I'm not stating Ross is or is not DPR.  I'm not saying that he did or did not do everything he is accused of.  He may be guilty, or he may be innocent.  What I am stating is that based on how the trial went, the defense did their best with both hands behind their back.  We will never know what a fair trial would have been.  Also, to base one's decision on the mockery of the trial may be legal, but it is not in the fairness of what the legal system is supposed to stand for.
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:54:56
You'd be surprised.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:21:11
It's a Catch 22: Does he claim ownership of the servers and thus claim himself as guilty (contrary to his plead of not guilty), or does he claim no ownership of the servers, and thus cannot evoke his 4th Amendment right of unreasonable searches and seizures?  Notice, we still have no plausible explanation on how the government got access to the servers.  Frankly, if they were legal about it, how would it be in their best interest to lie and keep this information hidden?
@_date: 2015-06-05 14:41:38
The evidence wasn't in the trial because the prosecution kept objecting to it and stating it would jeopardize the Force &amp; Bridges investigation.  The prosecution doesn't have to bring up the same evidence as the defense.  However, not letting the defense use it sounds super shady, especially as Force and Bridges by that point had already been interviewed regarding their alleged (since not yet found guilty) misconduct.  Also, the evidence is not necessarily part of the Maryland indictment (at this point we have no idea).  We don't know if the government is ever going to follow up on Maryland since that's been sitting there since 2013, plus that's only an indictment, and there are no charges that were brought up yet.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:42:03
Yea, the "not convinced they're experts" thing is just... ridiculous.  Not going to go there.  I'd have liked to know where the defense was going as well.
What I'm wondering on is that while the information was on his laptop, if there's a way to trace the document from it's inception, to see if it was really created by Ulbricht or not.  I'm not debating the blockchain as the transactions really did take place.  What I'm wondering is whether DRP at that time was Ulbricht.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:25:30
Thank you.  I'm sick and tired of the murder charges being brought up again and again and again and stated as fact.  They were not charged, and not proven.  Two of them were for fictitious people.  The only one that may have some merit is the Maryland indictment, but even that's been standing for more than a year now, and is tainted by rogue agents of whom Dratel could claim entrapment.  It's interesting how people just take this court case at face value and don't realize the amount of the prosecution's own information that the defense could not bring up at trial, for example cirrus's ability as an admin to work behind the scenes,
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:41:25
The point he was trying to make is that much more dangerous criminals, rapists, murderers and such, get a much lesser sentence that Ulbricht, who was only accused of non-violent crimes.  It seems ridiculous that someone who causes intentional harm to others is treated much more lenient than someone who allows people to make their own free choice as to their own actions regarding the law.
Personally, I'm disgusted.  I just talked to a coworkers today.  She was beat by an ex-boyfriend almost to the point of death.  She was in a coma for 6 weeks, and was only able to leave the hospital after 8 months (she didn't have insurance, so as soon as her life was no longer threatened, she was told to leave regardless of whether she still needed medical attention).  She had to relearn how to talk and walk.  She no longer has the mental capacity she had as a child.  Memories of 6 years of her life vanished because of brain swelling.  The guy got 3 years based on a lie he told the judge that she was unable to dispute because... well... she was unconscious.  He was let out in 6 months.  He is now in prison for felonious homicide of 3 people while evading police custody.  Compare that sentencing with Ulbricht's charges, and form your own opinion.
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:56:43
If that's the case, how do you explain the judge barring the defense from questioning the prosecution's witnesses on anything that the prosecution did not ask them, and also dismissing the part of Der-Yeghiayan's testimony which was helpful to the defense?
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:40:02
Spats, calm down.  You're assuming a lot of things in that statement.  Yes, he was caught in the library with his computer un-encrypted on the SR website.  No, I don't know that the information was faked.  I have no idea.  I can't have an idea because the defense wasn't allowed to bring forth information regarding that, so really, there's nothing to speak on.  That's one of the contention points for the appeal.  Also, you're assuming that Ross was the only DPR.  Yes, from the trial, I understand why you may think that.  However, the defense was barred from bringing forth information on the multiple DRPs, and even Der-Yeghiayan's testimony on how he suspected Karpeles was thrown out by the judge as opinion instead of fact (he even said he got a warrant for Karpeles).  
Should Ross be dismissed?  I have no idea.  Maybe not, because he did start something illegal.  Should he have a lifetime behind bars?  No.  Should the prosecution bar much of the defense's evidence from court due to an investigation which revealed rogue agents who had more access to the admin of SR than anyone knew?  Should the judge bar technical experts to speak on digital data since the entire case was based on digital data?  Is it ok for the government to use whatever means necessary to obtain evidence in the digital world?  Those are the problems with this case.  
Regarding your comment of Who Cares?  That's a pretty slippery slope you're going down.  Let's say this.  If an ex of yours hacks into your facebook and threatens someone to kill them, would you care that it wasn't you?  Would you care while the police is investigating you and ruining your reputation as the suspect and holding you in a cell?  Would you care that you couldn't bring in experts to show that the login was from an IP address that you've never used and you could not have geographically been at?  Nah, you wouldn't.  Who cares?  Your chat says all the evidence the Prosecution needs.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:50:49
Could you explain this?  I'm curious as to why you say that.
@_date: 2015-06-02 19:00:43
The blockchain doesn't lie, the payments were made.  The question is, did Ulbricht make the payments?  Did he order the hits?
My concern is that the prosecution dropped the charges.  If they were so solid, why were they dropped?  Verified chats that DPR ordered them, blockchain transactions, and tying DPR to Ulbricht (considering this last part was monumental during the trial) would have made this a pretty clear slam dunk in my mind.  Why were they not made?  I don't think anyone's arguing the transactions were not made.  The questions are whether it was Ulbricht and whether or not the chats were falsified.
As it was, the prosecution mentioned the charges to paint a picture of DPR / Ulbricht, but the charges in themselves were not proven beyond a reasonable doubt.  That would be like saying a chat with your username is the only thing that's needed to show you made it and are guilty of whatever it says.  You want to bring in experts to contest the chat?  No can do.  Your user name and chat history = you did it.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:29:39
What is your response then to the judge not allowing the defense to bring in technical experts that would speak to the authenticity of those documents?  Considering how online information can easily be manipulated, wouldn't that be an important aspect to present?
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:54:32
Maybe.  The judge's actions in the entire case makes me seriously doubt any of that would have actually happened.
@_date: 2014-09-04 14:09:13
Small correction on   Companies are allowed to keep profits in bitcoin, but the capital reserve must be held in a liquid USD asset.
@_date: 2014-06-18 17:19:15
Coming from a less economic and cyptographic standpoint than the rest of you, I think this is a HORRIBLE idea.  Bitcoin is attractive in part because of its decentralized system.  The whole point of this is for no one business or entity to control it.  If the US were to regulate, wouldn't this no longer be a decentralized system?  Kind of goes against everything Bitcoin stood for initially.  Additionally, part of what makes this so attractive to many new users is the anonymity.  I understand that it's not fully anonymous, but it's pretty close from my standpoint (again, not an expert on the code or terminology).  I use Bitcoin in part to be anonymous, and the regulation would just kill that.  Plus, seriously, Bitcoin is a FU to the current monetary system in which the government is heavily entrenched.  Regulation would take the bark AND bite out of the dog, and we still expect it to be threatening?
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:40:52
Let's face it, that (very generously) rounds up to $6 per year.  Even a very conservative, beginning bitcoin trader can make more than that per year with very little time spent trading..
@_date: 2014-06-29 03:57:53
Why would anyone want to purchase bitcoin from an ATM?  I read an article where to purchase bitcoin from a Robocoin ATM, you had to scan your driver's license, get your fingerprints done and get a picture taken.  That seems awfully intrusive.  Plus, who would go around with enough cash to purchase a bitcoin?  And why not just pay with cash if you're carrying that much around? 
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:45:40
lmao.  i'm trying not to rofl at work.... though the laughter is hard to contain
@_date: 2014-09-30 21:01:40
I agree with the OP.  All large corporations have their cash management done in house (treasury departments) or outsourced.  Hedging is a LARGE part of their cash management strategy.  If you understand hedging, or if you do not, it does not change from the fact of the matter that this is a LARGE game changer.  Bitcoin just became more viable for large corporations.  Now, instead of just potentially using it for transferring large amounts of money over borders, they can use it as part of their cash management strategies.  THIS IS HUGE
@_date: 2014-10-03 22:07:39
OMG... I almost peed my pants at the "Trustworthy Businessman" when I saw the Gox frame behind him.  And the doge guy.... LOL... Great job.  This is hilarious.
@_date: 2014-06-18 20:07:51
Wow... *humbly bows*
@_date: 2014-09-09 21:31:27
I'm sure.  I misread it just like you, and had to re-read it.
@_date: 2014-10-09 12:29:45
No it doesn't. We're still early adopters, meaning lots of fluctuation.  What's important is the technology behind it.  That's the crux of btc.  Those who are freaking out about the price invested for profit.  Those who are not freaking out about the price invested in the future of finance.
@_date: 2014-09-11 15:45:33
LOL... Yea, I was thinking just the same thing.  Obviously he would be for it, since he's an early investor in BitPay.  Funny how the reporter never brings up his bitcoin investments.
@_date: 2014-10-03 22:46:11
Yet another problem to be solved by bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-18 17:45:10
I'm actually willing to take this a step a further step out.  Bitcoin will adapt because it has to.  Even if there's a bug and it flunks, even if an Alt coin takes over as the primary cryptocurrency, the point is we've taken a step in the correct direction.  We're that much closer to losing the loser currencies of the world right now.
Btw, we're right, everyone else is wrong.  Reminds me of a youtube TEDx talk of how to create a movement.  When you're crazy dancing by yourself, everyone thinks you're crazy.  First person who joins, gives some validity, but it's still crazy people. Third person starts a movement.
@_date: 2014-08-24 02:28:26
Fully freakin agree.  I applaud them  for taking the initiative at such a crucial time.  The bitcoin community, whether it likes it or not, will face legislation.  Perianne and her team should be applauded for taking the initiative and becoming leaders in this area.  If you are untrustworthy and don't believe they are giving their all, why don't you start your own initiative?  It's easier to shoot someone down than offering a better alternative.
Perianne, please continue to operate with integrity and sincerity and keep doing great work.
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:23:30
Jason, do you know of any last minute cancellations, or of anyone willing to share a room?  Is there a way to send an email to the conference attendees to see if anyone is willing to share?  My husband and I (both late 20s) want to attend but found out about the conference after the hotel closed its conference registrations.  Please and thank you.
@_date: 2014-10-06 15:46:07
Boys and girls, please note the wall was only on BitStamp.  I was looking at OKCoin's international platform last night, and they were showing $ 312, a huge arbitrage opportunity for those who could take advantage of it.
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:11:26
Completely agree.  The underlying message I got about reporters from the Bitcoin in the Beltway conference is that you should always assume that:
a) they come with their own agenda
b) their agenda is against yours
Never assume you're going to be quoted properly, never assume your message will come across, and watch your every word.
@_date: 2014-09-09 21:34:02
@_date: 2014-10-07 16:02:56
Let's go at this from a scarcity point of view.  If we assume bitcoin to take on the same function as gold (even though bitcoin has way more functionality than gold), and using today's numbers of gold price, total gold mined, global population and total bitcoin mined, the price would be about 460K USD per bitcoin.  This assumes that the price of gold per person will equal the amount of bitcoin per person.
@_date: 2014-06-26 15:30:02
As the old commercials used to say Yahooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:59:06
If they can kill bitcoin, so be it.  Let something stronger be born from the ashes if we can't solve the problem today.
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:45:25
Wait wait... You were talking about bitcoin?  In reading your post, I missed the "bitcoin" in "bitcoin economy", and thought you were yelling at the mass media telling you to spend money to help the US economy.  Your argument is very sound that way too.  
Kind of creepy how your argument is exactly what the news reporters and economists and "experts" are saying on TV.
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:36:01
To be completely fair, he has to either be a) trolling us, or b) have interests which are contradictory to the use of bitcoin.  If you pay attention to the interview, the spin he puts on the uses of bitcoin is nothing short of ingenious.  Frankly, if I tried, I doubt I'd come up with better hate-bitcoin ideas.  Here are a few examples:
1) Saying there's a minuscule number of transactions, not many people transact in bitcoins, and there's 63,000 places around the world where you can use it.  Firstly, 63,000 is a very small number.  It's tough to make many transactions when these 63K places are ALL OVER THE GLOBE.  To place this in comparison, the U.S. Dept. of Commerce, Census Bureau states there's 60,271 business in Utah in 2008 (no including biz made up of only owners)   Regarding the number of transactions, blockchain.info shows the number of transactions is not minuscule (may be small compared to Visa and Mastercard, but not minuscule).  Also, if he really did as much research as he claims (which he probably did because the more information you have, the better the spin), he'd know the transaction cap per second, and that its one of the limitations of bitcoin.  He'd also know that the core developers are working on this.  
2) When using Expedia or Dell, you get routed to Coinbase and BitPay, pay them in bitcoin, and they then pay Dell and Expedia in fiat.  This is just a plain ol' spin.  Firstly, how do you think the credit card system works?  Also, does he know that these companies chose to be paid 100% in fiat? Coinbase and Bitpay allow a merchant to receive the funds in 100% btc, 100% fiat, or any mix in between.  Notice how he makes this sound as fraudulent as he can make it.  The mass zombies will accept this.  The thinking brains won't.
3) Notice how he keeps saying it's phony, and nobody wants bitcoin.  Um... yea... has he looked at the market statistics lately?  And the state of the market report CoinDesk publishes every quarter?  He also takes little cheap shots through out the video.  For example "if you could even get that amount of money into bitcoin without raising suspicions" when speaking about converting $5M fiat into btc.
4)  It's tax evasion.  Let's not get started on this.  Bitcoin has not invented, nor can it even propose to say it was there at the beginnings of tax evasion.  Tax evasion was here before bitcoin, and if bitcoin has a major flaw that it crashes, tax evasion will still be here.  Saying bitcoin is tax evasion is a nice spin to make you think in a negative way about it until you step back and analyze the situation.
5) Notice how he doesn't answer how bitcoin is bad for money laundering.  He states bitcoin isn't money laundering because it does not transform money (merely exchanging currencies), but he doesn't say why bitcoin is bad for money laundering.  The only indication of an answer is from the reporter, that bitcoin serves as a kind of audit.
6) He spins the bitcoin ecosystem by saying businesses and Silicon Valley are creating businesses on top of the blockchain, not on bitcoin.  This serves to, in the mindless brain of the watcher, to disassociate bitcoin from the blockchain and Silicon Valley.  He does not go on and state that so far, most companies are built for bitcoin, and bitcoin itself is built on the blockchain.  He may be excited about Blockchain 2.0, but that in no way de-legitimizes bitcoin.
AND I've reached the halfway point of the video. I can't help but laugh at most of what he says.  You have to admit, his spins are so good, the person watching doesn't even think of what he says, but rather takes the words as truth because at face value, they make sense.  This is the problem with TV nowadays.  Most people watch, listen, and absorb instead of analyzing the material.
This is in no way is intended as a rant or a negative comment.  If my words rub you the wrong way, it is simply because I'm passionate about bitcoin, and am trying to explain the mind games the guy is playing with the viewers.  Please do not take offense.
@_date: 2014-09-10 18:41:01
The debatable part is because although it refers to retained earnings, it is under the capital requirements section.  Capital requirements does not refer to all profit the company has after expenses and dividends.  It only refers to a percentage of that amount that it must hold liquid for depositor withdrawal.
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:13:43
It says pre-order, but it comes in approx 2 weeks.  I had to ship mine to Canada since they don't deliver within the US.  Cost?  Nothing.  There's a $15 monthly fee they cover for you.  Now, if you use it like a normal debit card, to get cash out or what not, it will cost you a few bucks.  If you just use it as a credit card, only for payments, it's free.  It's linked to your Xapo wallet, so it pulls the bitcoin only from there.  You can have it denominate in USD, EUR or GBP (I think GBP is the third option).
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:15:49
They have fees, but if you just use it only for purchases, it's free.  I've looked at their entire fee list freaking out, but really, they cover the monthly fee, and you pay for all other fees (which if you only use for purchases, are $0).  If you want to take out cash at an ATM, or travel abroad, or get a new card, that'll cost you, but that's it.
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:17:17
You might want to re-order.  I've signed up as pre-order a ton of months ago, and never heard a peep.  Then, since they teamed up with Bitwage, I got an email marketing their card.  Once I signed up that time, it took less than a month to get it.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:23:43
Partially agree and disagree.  There is the potential for Satoshi to act as a central bank (though it won't really be central because of the decentralization), but considering his stance on the financial system, that's not likely.  Simply because he has not moved coins nor instituted taxes, doesn't mean that he can't.  He's the largest player in the ecosystem, and there's the potential he could control/sway it however he wants, aka act as a decentralized central bank (freakin oxymoron of the century).
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:26:25
You forget that the cost of goods within Switzerland did not change.  So, temporarily, some costs get smaller, some costs stay the same, and MOST revenue goes down.  Net, it's a sink hole.  Also, consider Switzerland's tourism where prices spiked overnight.
Then, we take this coupled with the negative interest rates the country is now sporting, and everyone is having a party.  The only ones who benefit are those who are paid in CHF and go across the border to shop.  Everyone else either remains the same or is worse off.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:04:30
That's why I said that Satoshi can act in certain regards like a central bank.  He won't be able to act in such regard as to 100% of the functions of a central bank, and we can all recognize that.  In price manipulation though, due to his large amount of bitcoins, he COULD act as a central bank.  Money printing, interest rate fixing, etc, yes, he is not 100% an actual Central Bank.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:48:40
The Swiss Central Bank decided yesterday about lunch time to do two things: 
1.  Lower their interest rates on deposit balances (in the US you get about 1% on checking accounts, in Switzerland, you'll start getting -.75%, aka you'll pay money to have your money held at a bank).
2.  Eliminate their 1.20 EURCHF floor from back in September 2011.
What does all of this mean?
1.  All government bills and bonds less than 7 years have negative yields.  Congratulations.  You will now pay for the opportunity to invest in bonds and gov bills.
2.  Corporations with international sales will see less revenue than before.  For example, before yesterday, 1 EUR in sales meant 1.2 CHF.  Today, 1 EUR = 1.03 (approx) CHF, meaning their CHF revenue just took a steeper dive than the Titanic.
3.  With lower profits, Switzerland is staring recession in the face.
4.  Because of such a huge swing, players are seeing major losses in EURCHF trades, causing panic selling and deleveraging across the board (effectively reducing the liquidity of the markets).
5.  Volatility/instability in the FX markets (which are bigger than the stock or the money markets) just went up.  
6.  The Swiss stock market has been blasted, the currency is now nearly 20% higher than it was a day before.  Think of everyone who put in trades thinking the exchange rate won't go down below 1.2.  In a cryptocurrency equivalent, think of all of the people who lost money by buying PayCoin and were told the price won't drop from $20, and now it's under/around $5.  
6.  We now have more reasons on why Central Banks suck.  The SCB kept saying they'll keep the floor, they'll keep the floor, they'll keep the floor, HEY WE'RE DROPPING THE FLOOR! and thus exposing the fallacy of man run operations.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:12:55
I don't know about BitPagos, but with BitPay, they sell the bitcoins on the market instantly, so there's no volatility involved as the transfer is made to the local currency ridiculously fast.
@_date: 2015-01-16 22:46:12
They could have.  Here's a few ideas floating around as to why they didn't though.
1.  The European Central Bank will give out some direction over Quantitative Easing next week, and thus people would most likely want to pick up more stable assets, such as the Swiss franc.  If this happened, the buying power would increase the strength of the Swiss franc, meaning the SNB would have to purchase even more EUR to add to its ginormous balance sheet balance of EUR.    Then, it's an arms race: people buy the franc, and the SNB buys EUR to counteract that effect.  It's going to blow up eventually.  The more you accumulate, the worse it gets.
2.  If it didn't drop the floor, it would be even more intertwined with the European Central Bank (ECB), even though it may not want to.  It'd be such a large holder of EUR notes, that by default it would be very influenced by policy it may not agree with.
3.  Since the ECB will most likely be buying up EUR bonds (of which the SNB holds a lot), why not unload at a time when you can get rid of a bunch instead of little by little?
Just some ideas.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:19:35
Agreed.  To maintain the 1.2 EURCHF floor, the SNB had to buy a lot of EUR.  Now, that the price took a nose dive, the EUR they hold is worth a lot less.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:15:53
Agreed.  Considering the purpose for which he started bitcoin, the likelihood of him trying to do damage is significantly small.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:07:26
Not at all.  Simply because I don't travel outside of the US to see just how my purchasing power has changed, doesn't mean that the US dollar is stable.  The few times I go to Canada, I see how the Canadian dollar has strengthened or weakened against the USD, but unless we have massive inflationary or deflationary pressure, the average person is not likely to be largely impacted.  Yes, milk goes up by $1.  It affects me, but I'm not likely to change my lifestyle based on it, or not pay my mortgage because I can't afford to.  You want to talk stability?  Look at the oz of gold when we were still on the gold standard.  Look at the price of gold now.  Gold didn't massively get its supply cut.  Instead, the dollar depreciated like hell.  Just because a piece of candy didn't go from $0.05 to $1.00 during my lifetime, doesn't mean that the dollar is stable.
@_date: 2015-01-16 15:53:48
Damn, that should be a movie.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:17:11
Please, have some class.  Don't call people idiots who are merely trying to prove a point.  If you truly want to argue, we can, but you calling me a rude name merely proves your lack of decency.
Regarding your definition of stability, I cannot find it anywhere.  Could you please post it?  I find one definition as "A term used to describe the financial system of a nation that displays only minor fluctuations in output growth and exhibits a consistently low inflation rate. Economic stability is usually seen as a desirable state for a developed country that is often encouraged by the policies and actions of its central bank."  Another is "the quality or state of something that is not easily changed or likely to change".  Here's what things cost in 1950:
House: $14,500
Average income: $3,216
Ford car: $1339-$2262
Milk: $.82
Gas: $.20 
Bread $.14 
Postage stamp: $.03 
By these measures, are you still saying the dollar is stable?  What about the Great Depression?  The Oil Crisis of the 70s?  The high interest rates of the 80s?  Is the dollar still stable considering all of these factors?  Many people make  the mistake that since the dollar has not wildly fluctuated during our lifetimes, it has not fluctuated before, and that is simply untrue.  
If we take the Swiss franc in that context, the price for goods and earning power for the Swiss citizen who lives in Switzerland did not change.  According to your argument, this means that it is stable?  How did this "stability" affect others around the globe?  
For the rest of your argument...  I simply shake my head.  Please re-read it as it is full of errors such as if the dollar depreciates, it costs MORE to purchase goods, therefore we'd need to make MORE money to maintain the same standard of living, not less.
@_date: 2015-01-03 03:36:03
If this is the case, he should make a public post regarding this, transparency and all.  He has yet to do that, which for all intents and purposes, places him in the Josh camp.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:47:34
Disagree.  Circle offers instant deposits so you can use your btc right away, AND after you figure in the 1% Coinbase transaction fee, overall Circle comes out at slightly less.  Coinbase's USD exchange amount is better but the 1% fee makes it worse than Circle.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:21:34
Wow... So these are the repercussions I keep hearing about.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:01:36
Congratulations on your raise!
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:16:10
quite eloquent... too bad you don't know who my employer is to adequately respond
@_date: 2015-01-03 03:33:46
Respectfully disagree.  Even if he received the money and spent it before he realized the scam, he still issued a public statement allowing Josh to speak at a Q&amp;A session.  In effect, Josh is getting free publicity and a press conference.  If anyone new would go to the conference, they would see a witch hunt/scam/not sure what to believe, actually hurting bitcoin as a whole because of a psychopathic a**hole (referring to Josh).
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:26:22
The problem is the "stable" is relative to the USD.  If you look at the USD printed for the last few decades, the USD has been anything but stable.  Simply because we use it and transact in it, and most of us are unaware or unaffected enough to feel pain by its fluctuation, doesn't mean that it is stable.  I would not go for nubits simply because that's like going for the dollar... which is not a viable proposition.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:07:18
Happy?  They just got a instantaneous 16% decrease in revenue!  Now, if we assume they make the product in Switzerland (just roll with me here), their costs did not change, but their revenue went down, meaning their profit dropped by more than just 16%.  This is NOT a happy day.  Plus, you're forgetting they hedge their foreign exchange risk.  And they may have lost money on forward contracts and futures.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:30:41
Btw, they mention "no cyberattack".  Who calls bullshit on this?
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:24:54
I haven't read the paper yet, but technically, the "money" is not created out of thin air.  I'm going into sheer technicality here, but I want to make sure the difference between money aka cash and the accounting methodology of these transactions is clear.  Once the money has been moved out by the person who borrowed the money from the bank, the bank is sitting on $0 cash, yet an asset and a liability of equal amounts.  The initial deposit of 200K into the bank (by a poor schmo) gives the bank 200k cash (money) and 200k liability (to pay back said schmo).  The loan gives the bank -200k cash (money) and 200k asset (accounts receivable).  Thus, once the money is transferred out of the bank, the bank is left with $0 cash, a 200k asset and a 200k liability.  Where the bank creates money out of thin air is interest.  It loans out 200k but expects more than that in return.  If everyone wanted to pay back their debts today, there would not be enough money to go around.  Simple example.  You and your dad live in a country with an money reserve of $1.  Your father gives you a loan of $1 with 5%.  The 5% interest... where does it come from?  That's the creation of money.  In the 200k example, the 200k exists, it's just not yours or the bank's, it belong to the original depositor.  The bank takes advantage by the fact that not everyone takes their money out at the same time, and loans money it has.  It doesn't create the loan (hypothetically.  today, all the bank needs is one code change and it can loan out however much it wants).