@_author: fap_my_fapraptor
@_date: 2018-01-16 16:52:35
Not from a Jedi.
@_date: 2018-06-16 01:32:48
It's old hats man. I grew up in the days of dial up. I've worked with people who were around before the first computer came to light. It's comparable to those who went from horse and buggy to the automobile. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 22:56:53
As a resident, let me just say, that's not very nice bud. Read the article from the local paper, the Missoula County officials are actually doing their due diligence in attempting to understand a new technology. They want to make the region carbon neutral and ensure these facilities operate using only green energy. The lack of knowledge on the subject of cryptocurrency is nation-wide, especially in our government, not just here in Montana. To you we may seem like a bunch of sister-fucking rednecks who don't know how to computer. The reality is most farmers here incorporate more technology in their business than you do in your cheetoh infested basement. The fact they didn't take the, "We don't understand it, ban it" stance most would, shows an attempt at progression. I'm glad that this is getting attention and researched as it should be. If we blindly accepted new technology without research we may wind up with another asbestos crisis. As for the noise being generated, that's a local zoning issue that needs to be handled. At least Plant didn't flip the residents the bird and tell them to deal with it, which he easily could. Instead he's attempting to install quieter cooling systems. I hope the officials choose not to ban mining and implement green energy requirements for these and future facilities. Hopefully this becomes standard practice for other counties to follow. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 01:16:49
It's all good, I know plenty of folk here who mine, I've gotten several of my coworkers into it (not super happy with me due the current state of the market right now lol) However, Bonner is a very small community and cryptomining doesn't produce anything physical, it's not easy explaining how something digital holds value based on its immutability and unreplicatability. For those that grew up without a home pc or smartphone in their hands from the moment they were born it's hard to grasp. Christ, it's hard to grasp even if you were. The only holdout I see by the county officials is taxation.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:15:54
 He's got an out. There's  no such thing as "Bircoin"... yet...