@_author: farfetchedchild
@_date: 2017-05-29 23:56:45
I'm not arguing that he wasn't doing illegal things. The response above is a good example of what bothers me. It simply does not matter if he was guilty or not on the murder-for-hire allegations for the purposes of this case. By allowing those allegations to become the focal point of the debate, attention is taken away from the blatant issues of the trial. 
Further, there should be no excuse for a trial not to follow the constitutional chain of justice. In this case, Ulbricht's guilt is assumed regarding the murder-for-hire. However likely or unlikely his guilt is isn't the point, so much as the issues that are caused by the assumption of guilt without a trial. His sentencing reflects this assumption of guilt, which creates a precedent. Just because it is inconvenient to have a trial to determine punishment, does not mean that a trial shouldn't be had... which is essentially what your argument entails. The sentencing needs to reflect that which was actually tried, and the trial needs to follow the laws it represents. 
For the record... though it is unrelated to my main point... I don't think that the main issue with the murder-for-hire's legitimacy is that no-one was killed. Obviously, the first problem is that there is a right to a trial, as mentioned above. Beyond that is the evidence of multiple people using the DPR account, including, but not limited to, it having been logged into after he was incarcerated. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:01:32
Anyone mentioning murder for hire is ignoring the important parts here. Those accusation to were not tried in court, and thus essentially a red herring to the point. Even when not considering the plethora of bias, misinformation, and propaganda surrounding the accusation, the trial that did take place raises blatant questions about the credibility of the judicial system. Do we really want to give up caring about constitutional rights and proper chains of justice because things may seem a certain way regarding a separate, untried, case? 
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:02:02
Thanks for the reply :). I'll check out the site.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:20:40
