@_author: fart_prospector
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:56:39
Don’t tell anyone this but.............
I actually made up the quote myself. I really love it for a few reasons, but I am not famous enough for anyone to care what I think. I decided to attach it to a picture of someone already associated with money and significant cultural change. 
I am now considering attaching the quote to pictures of many different famous people just to see how far I can get the idea to spread. What do you think. 
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:50:22
If by investing you mean purchasing and operating computers to help with transactions that is one thing. If you mean buying currency with the hope of selling at a higher price, that is nothing but a gambling habit
If everyone received the same amount of basic income to spend as they please, that would be more fair than only designated groups receiving the handouts...although it would take away people’s ability to hate on the ones receiving it. 
Although the relative value of everybody receiving X amount is the same as everybody receiving 0, that would make the minimum standard of living “fed with a roof” instead of “hungry in the streets” and YES there are enough resources to make that happen. 
Hard workers deserve to live better than lazies, but the minimum standard needs to be higher 
@_date: 2018-07-20 19:20:26
It’s funny how many people in her scoff at the idea of what they call “free money” yet they either invested in bitcoin hoping to earn capital gains or invested in computer equipment to mine “free money”
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:40:35
I agree that mined coins are earned. 
The concept of taxes paying for UBI is required because of the limitations current economic systems. 
I envision a new economic system built from the ground up with UBI and an extreme level of automation in mind from the beginning. 
*note my use of the word government in the following paragraph does not imply support for every wrong law that has ever been enforced 
An idea for an economy could be a crypto currency issued by a government with the total amount in circulation tied to the population. Annually, half would be issued as UBI in an equal amount to everyone regardless of how much other money or other circumstances they had. The amount would be enough to live acceptably if spent wisely. The other half would be used to pay for labor based on how well you contribute to society.  In order to stimulate the economy, there would be limits on how much you could save annually and how much you could inherit. Any amount above that would disappear on a designated date.
Private ownership of natural resources such as oil or metal would end, but the labor of discovering, extracting, and processing would be appropriately compensated 
@_date: 2018-07-20 11:17:32
Instead of limiting bitcoin to whatever arbitrary number it is supposed stop at, base that number on the population. 
Or maybe start a new crypto just for that purpose where everyone gets a certain amount each year, but limit the amount they can save each year to that year’s amount. Anything above that would disappear. Also, when you die, you can transfer no more than 1 year’s salary to each inheritor, the rest would disappear. I think that would discourage or prevent income inequality but still allow and encourage business. If you could earn enough to live off, you would be able to save an entire year’s salary every year, but if you chose to just spend spend the free money, you wouldn’t fall too far behind society and nobody would have to worry about having enough money to survive retirement, only saving to have a better quality of life. 
As a country we could take pride in our minimum standard of living instead of individuals taking pride in how much wealth they could squeeze from their fellow man(person or whatever)
@_date: 2018-07-21 17:36:45
We are not limited to capitalism and communism. We could design a new economic system from the ground up that is compatible with the impending automated future that allows motivated and productive people to live better while increasing the minimum quality of life and being less rewarding of immoral business practices 
@_date: 2018-07-20 18:41:36
Within 50 years many of the jobs we have today will be taken over by computers or machines. That is a good thing. With the right economic system, people could be more free to do what interests them rather than what they can find to earn a paycheck. We CAN do better than capitalism or socialism. Obviously the people who already have a lot of wealth and power won’t want to give it up. 
Despite what most people believe, capitalism does not necessarily ensure that the hardest or most valuable workers gain the most wealth. It also allows selfish people who are smart enough to manipulate the system to earn as much or more money than those who work hard for it. 
Whoever contributes the most to society deserves the best standard of living. There should be no systemic reward for manipulating, misleading, or taking advantage of people. 
Earning money for labor- good system ... earning money from “owning” natural resources- not a good system. 
With the technology and resources we have, the minimum standard of living could be much higher.
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:55:38
Taxation being theft is only true in our current economic systems. Being the only person to act unselfishly in a system that encourages selfishness is not sustainable, of course you know that, that is why you challenged me to do so. 
We are smart enough, and enough has changed in the past 100+ years to creat a new system from the bottom up that allows the motivated to live better than the lazy while still providing a better minimum quality of life to the disadvantaged. 
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:07:54
I am a capitalist by default because I live in a capitalist economy so I have little other choice for survival. I believe we can and MUST do better to keep up with technology. We are not limited to existing economic systems. The same ingenuity that created crypto currencies can come up with a system that allows people to work as hard as they choose without fear of automation while contuously raising the minimum standard of living 
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:51:42
As disruptive as crypto stands to be to the current banking system, I am surprised that more people don’t realize that technology will do the same thing to every industry 
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:23:55
Investing money into equipment that helps compute transactions is worthy of a certain amount of compensation. Especially in this early stage of the development of crypto currency. 
Buying crypto and holding it in the hope that the price will rise so you can sell it is as useful to society as gambling in a casino or playing the stock market and deserves little if any reward. That is why I fully support and willingly pay capital gains tax. 
