@_author: fasterfind
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:23:43
Once spoke with Brock about security. He had so much confidence in mtGox. I told him they needed to have their code audited, and they needed to hire whitehats to test security by trying every possible way to break it.
Gox didn't take security seriously, and they paid the ultimate price. Now Brock fairly owns his own exchange, and it's becoming 
I came here to repeat myself. Let's make sure there's a red team that tests security, let's make sure all code is audited by credible and reliable teams that specialize in finding problems and fixing them before they become problems.
NSA guidelines top to bottom, on all nodes.
Hardware, firmware, software, be prepped to audit all of it.
Gox went down. Bitfinex took a hard hit. These companies were acting like banks but they weren't securing like banks. They should have hired the right professionals instead of entrusting everything to a team of coders to whom security was something new and different.
The time to be serious about security was ten years ago. He had so much faith in mtGox, he wasn't much for hearing my warnings about taking security seriously.
My BTC holdings are in GDAX/Coinbase now. Please just take your security seriously. Feeling that something is secure doesn't protect you. You gotta know that you're secure, and know it on every level. That's going to cost money that you don't want to spend and you're going to have to convince people like Brock to take it seriously when they think they already know all the answers and there's no credible threat.
In repeating myself, I say again. Make sure to hire from the same knowledge pool that secures banks and military assets. Knowing how to code and knowing how to secure are very different things and you need to hire the right people to get reliable results.
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:09:09
Elastic hosting for the win.
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:08:27
I remember MtGox said that every time they were under DDOS. It's hard to imagine that a server would be held at something like 90% of capacity and then one day there's extra customers and then it suddenly can't take the load.
@_date: 2014-02-24 15:08:57
So long as they return to solvency, I don't think anyone will complain too much.
@_date: 2016-12-14 05:57:38
Yup, you can buy fiat with it. You can go right back to where you started. How about that?