@_author: fastfinge
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:14:53
TLDR version: a bunch of accessibility tips only useful if you yourself are blind.  If you can see this, feel free to skip.
I'm a completely blind user who owns bitcoin.  You have lots of options.  You could use the terminal as a previous poster said; that works just fine, so long as you know how to use your screen reading software of choice to review a terminal window.  If you need a GUI, you could use coinbase, virtex, blockchain.info, cointrader, Bitstamp, or vault of satoshi.  All of these services are more or less accessible, I've tested with NVDA ( and Firefox/Chrome, as well as with voiceover/Safari on OS X.  Some of these services are exchanges rather than wallets, but they'll store your bitcoins for you, and allow you to move them in and out never the less.  The only niggling problems you will find are that you must always use cointrader with chrome, because Firefox refuses to allow the screen reader to click on some of the links, Vault of Satoshi has some Captchas that can be a problem, though I did get them to go away somehow (not sure exactly how), and when you are setting up two factor authentication via the Google Authenticator, finding the barcode you need to scan can be a bit of an issue.  If you just wave your phone randomly at the screen, you'll get it after a few minutes of trying.  The other thing to remember is that all your GUI options do involve storing your bitcoin online, so you do need to take basic security into account. Don't store all of your bitcoins with one service. Always enable two factor authentication. The Google Authentication app is perfectly accessible on IOS and Android, so while this is kind of a pain, it's something you absolutely must do.  
As for reddit, it's fine, with a few tricks. First off, learn your screen reader's navigate to next landmark and navigate to next button commands. On NVDA, these are d and b respectively.  The posting is always the main landmark, and you can always skip to the next comment by jumping to the next upvote button.  It isn't as nice as headings, but it does the job. As for the CAPTCHAs, webvisum ( can solve them just fine for you.  While the service is free, you must be invited by another blind person, in order to try and keep the spammers out.  If you don't know anyone with an account who knows you're blind, you can use captchamonster ( to help you solve the CAPTCHAs.  The price is reasonable, and a free trial is available. I don't use this one myself, but I know other people who do and say it works.  Lastly, if you haven't already noticed, reddit offers lots and lots of RSS feeds.  You can put them into something like QFeed ( and get new posts to your subscribed subreddits, private messages, replies to your comments, and so on, without ever having to deal with the Actual reddit website.  
@_date: 2015-03-03 21:31:18
I assume for the same reason I submitted it: it's coverage from a source that doesn't specialize in Bitcoin, and has some  original reporting, rather than just quoting other blogs that quote other blogs that quote rumours on Facebook and Twitter that came from a press release.  Also, it's more of a personal angle on the story, rather than just info about the company moving.  
@_date: 2015-03-03 23:23:13
I'm so used to other subs I'm in having rules against editing or editorializing headlines, that I just don't do it.  If the original website picks a headline that I hate, I don't submit.  