@_author: fat_banker
@_date: 2017-03-16 17:48:08
You "terrorBrits" need to stop messing around with this silly bitcoin stuff.
Let us privately owned banks handle all your country's transactions because that's way safer... just ignore that very distant tiny 2008 blip, everyone knows it was a one off we've clearly fixed now.
@_date: 2017-03-16 18:18:26
I believe you only need to pay tax if you're profiting more than £11,500 in the year. (Source:  )
If you are about to get more money than this you may like to pay an accountant to do the honours for you.  Selling bitcoin should be no different than selling gold (apart from the banks potentially being awkward about it)
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:37:06
Anyone able to give insight why IG might be unable to offer long positions to their clients soon?  
Surely when their client buys bitcoin they buy the underlying asset immediately?  It seems bizarre they would have to stop simply because the value is now higher...
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:04:11
No he doesn't, it was a good grown up discussion.
I think Richard held his ground well and handled most of the contentious arguments elegantly to have a sensible discussion with Ver.  Ver equally explained his viewpoint on why he wants to support BCash, namely tx fees.  
Now I don't agree with Ver's view on BCash and I think the lack of segwit in BCash is just very odd (he supports a lack of segwit since it wasn't part of the original vision rubbish, but this is daft on so many levels) so I'm still a pro BTC and the market speaks volumes.  If I had to pick a side I know I'd be in the BTC group but luckily we don't! 
Also let's keep this in perspective...  Ver has done a massive amount for bitcoin, early adopter, very vocal about it's potential and educating people, he was/is pro bitcoin.  He is viewing an alt coin now as his longer term focus, as much as I may believe this is misguided the guy is entitled to his own opinion, just like mine on ethereum for instance.  
This lynch mob mentality of BTC vs BCH is orchestrated to divide and conquer, be aware not to fuel it.
We can have both BTC and BCash happily co-exist because it has replay protection (although again lack of segwit is screwing bch pretty badly by user error at the moment).
For this reason I see BCash probably nose diving eventually but that's not to say there is any harm in their existence.
TLDR; remember people are entitled to have their own views and keep conversations positive