@_author: fatalglory
@_date: 2019-03-31 01:33:03
Thank you for that, it was a helpful snippet.  But I still don't think it fundamentally answers the question: how can the nodes force the miners to follow their rules?
Let me put it another way.  Let's say there are 100 miners and 10,000 validating nodes in the network today.  I have buckets of money and I want to create chaos, so I decide to try and ruin the network.  Mwa ha ha.
I buy up a bunch of data centres and I create a million dishonest nodes.  Those dishonest nodes listen to the 100 miners and 10,000 honest nodes, but they reject every block that comes in.  They consider every transaction and block to be invalid, they don't propagate a single thing!  Ha ha, the network is doomed!
But of course... it's not.  The network wouldn't even be interrupted by that.  The 100 miners and 10,000 honest nodes would go on talking to each other, doing exactly what they were doing the day before.  They don't have to trust my majority validating nodes, they do their own validation and decide for themselves what data they will propagate.  In effect, my huge, overwhelming army of dishonest validating nodes didn't change a thing.
Now switch the situation.  What if the 100 miners and 10,000 nodes are the *evil* ones, broadcasting blocks with higher block rewards.  I decide to swoop in and save the day.  I buy up a bunch of data centres, and create a million honest, validating nodes.  And again... nothing happens.  The "evil" miners and nodes keep right on doing what they were doing.  My overwhelming army of honestly-validating saviour nodes didn't change a thing.  And if they don't change anything, why bother?
Maybe I'm still missing something.
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:55:45
I have to ask, what do you do if you're running your full node and you discover foul play?  Like if your full node alerts you that a miner has broadcast a block with a bit of extra block reward in it for themselves.
Does your full node give you any recourse?  You could decide "screw this, the network is compromised, I'm leaving."  But you'd be leaving all of your valuable coins behind if you did that, so it seems unlikely.
You could alert the community, but what can they do about it?
It seems like the only people who can do anything real to respond to a bad-faith miner are... other miners.  They can reject the bad miner by refusing to mine on top of the dishonest block.  But this community of other miners all do their own validation anyway, so what did you running your full node add to the overall situation?
@_date: 2019-06-05 05:40:02
Not sure whether or not this is accurate (the screenshot might just be warning the user that their transaction will include a network fee).  But even if Bitpay is charging a fee for BTC *on top of* the network fee for the present transaction, that still seems fair, right?  After all, they too will eventually have to pay a network fee to to move the BTC somewhere else after they have received it.  They would just be passing that cost along to the customer.
@_date: 2019-04-01 04:23:39
That actually does make it a bit clearer.  The miners have a strong economic incentive to follow whichever consensus rules will keep them on the chain where their block rewards can be most readily spent and traded with the community.
So whichever chain their preferred merchants are accepting payments on, that's the chain the miner wants to get paid on so that they can use their block rewards at that merchant (keeping in mind that a "merchant" can also just be someone who sells them USD on an exchange).
But then... You don't have to run a full node yourself to be a merchant.  So if a million new businesses start accepting payments tomorrow on chain X with a given set of rules, but don't run any new full nodes (e.g. if they start taking payments via bitpay), the value of coins mined on chain X would still go up hugely.  So again, it seems like the full nodes aren't what makes the difference in that scenario.  Whether the merchant runs a full node or not, they still increase mining incentive just by accepting the coins on that chain for payments.