@_author: fatdee7
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:12:22
Plz explain
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:57:34
with bitcoin even if the transaction is unconfirmed the vendor can still see that it has been put thru. thus he can wait.
but the question is, i have read that it is possible to "unstuck" a transaction that is stuck unconfirmed.
Can the buyer take the product, leave the store and than unstuck their unconfirmed transaction leaving the seller with nothing?
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:49:01
again as explain above. Futures invited the serious institutional bears. Megabux that makes mega money up, down and sideways. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:16:44
First time investor need to read up on futures and what it is. 
Without writing a book, futures were originally introduce to keep commodities from skyrocketing and putting everybody that depends on the commodity out of business 
By its nature futures  is a pessimistic instrument. 
@_date: 2016-12-24 02:28:12
No one at CNBC does any actually trading noob
@_date: 2017-11-15 17:05:13
antminer still make the most profitable miner in terms of cost, eletricity requirement and hashrate.
I stuck to to jihan by buying alot of his miner at the bch pump near ath. Jihan can have his shitty coins. I will have his miner at a massive discount
@_date: 2017-11-15 07:37:59
The odds are no good for the hobbyist computer. How long till the owner of the hobbyist computer realize they brought a music player with a headphone amp thinking it’s a computer capable of mining?
@_date: 2017-11-14 21:38:57
adding to the conspiracy. Bitmain release a batch of miner few days ago. Havn't sold out, as of yesterday you would of been unable to complete the transaction.
As of today bitmain.com webiste is down with a 502 gateway error
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:16:59
Please share story how it was stolen so other won’t have the same fate
@_date: 2019-12-31 01:27:43
Stock trader is such a general term. 
Those that seriously trade for a living have a strategy and halving really doesn’t concern them. They have made their money between the daily movement. 
They don’t wait for a lower entry point. They look for an entry point that works for their strategy.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:29:51
yay missing the point he is trying to say he has 8411 bitcoins. 
boys kidnap him
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:25:23
I live in a city with a hot real estate market. I have also seen listing that claim they accept bitcoin. 
Whether anybody actually pay in bitcoin is a mystery. 
Real estate is a very big purchase with much paperwork and paper trail and a lot of associated taxes and fees. 
The only advantage to paying in bitcoin vs fiat is to fly under the radar/ avoid taxes / money laundering. None of that is possible anymore due to tightly regulation. 
There is also multiple parties that needs to be pay in a real estate transaction. ALL party needs to agree to payment in crypto. I simply don’t see that happen unless this is a private one on one transaction (in a hot market this is very rare). Even on the rare occasion that all the party accept payment in crypto (listing company, the agent and the seller etc) I still don’t see the government accepting tax and fee payment in crypto. 
There is also the problem of exchange rate. None of the properties accepting bitcoin list their price on bitcoin. The prices are listed in fiat and they will accept the equivalent in btc. 
This is a major problem in using btc for real estate because fund are usually not transfer between parties right away. There is escrow involved during the deal. During this time should the fund be held in btc by the escrow or in fiat? Value of btc could raise or drop significantly during this period which could screw over either party depending on the direction of price change. 
The easy answer would be to hold the fund in fiat right? But not all real estate deals make it to the final step. Sometimes for whatever reason deal is not completed and fund is return to the buyer. Does the buyer get btc back or fiat? He/she might have different answer depending on the amount that has change since the fund was deposited. Who is responsible for the lost on monetary value while this whole fiasco is taking place?
Now let say they deal goes through. How will the governmental body determine the actual price on the property for tax purposes? Say the sale price is agree at 1 million dollar. The equivalent amount of btc is transfer to escrow and kept in btc by the escrow. During the period bitcoin raise by 20%. The buyer just lost 20% on the deal. It gets even more complicated for the seller. The seller gain 20% compare to their agreed price when he convert the btc back to fiat. So is this 20% gain calculated as capital gain? On top of the taxes he has to pay on however much he gain from selling the house? 
What if it’s the other way around? Btc drops 20%?
Just thinking about all these is enough to give any sane person a headache. There is zero advantage to buying real estate in btc unless you are in a place with loose regulation and you are so crypto rich you whole life is in crypto. I can see a deal like this happening is some Third world country. 
Not anywhere we a sane governmental body. 
This is also why bitcoin will not replace fiat that are issued by a first world country with a stable government. 
@_date: 2018-11-11 20:38:21
If only you rediscover the password couple months warlier
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:48:00
Please entertain me how transfer 6 million dollar of btc in USD anonymously. Walk me thru the actually step. 
No legitimate exchange will let you do a 6 million dollar transaction without verifying your identity. Actually anytime you do transaction 4 digit and up it get harder and harder to do anonymously. 
Do you would have to find someone underground to do this? I assume this guy would have to bring cash to remain anonymous? You cannot transfer 6 million dollar between bank account without being flagged. If you can there would be no need for all this anyways 
So do you met up with said guy at a back alley. He comes with a 5 tons truck with cash and you show up with your ledger and a computer and you do the transaction this way? How do you pay the goons you will need to count all these cash to make sure the 5 tons trucks is not just holding bunch of toilet with couple stack of cash visible. Oh and what about fake bills? 
How do you ensure these goons that count and transfer your cash also keep your identity anonymous. Don’t forget the truck driver. There is a lot of people you have to off to keep your anonymous
Where do you keep said cash once you have it? In the wall? You certainly can’t put that back in the bank. 
So realistically NOBODY transfer btc in the millions into fiat anonymously unless you are a drug dealer. If you are shady character of this magnitude don’t need help transfering money anonymously.  
If you do have 6 million you would like to move around anonymously and you are not Pablo Escobar 2.0. It is Probabaly better to keep that amount in btc and just convert small amount to cash when necessary. 
This mean you have to trust that your 6 million will still be worth 6 million is years of time and that people are still interested in bitcoin in years of time. 
This is not too different from gold. Gold is pretty anonymous albeit a hard method to store value. But gold has been establish its stability in times of hardship and bonus of it being a recognize of form of asset storage by governmental bodies. 
Bitcoin establish nothing but that it is got violent price movement and bunch of infidel believers that come and goes according to its price swings   
 
@_date: 2017-10-18 05:17:01
Jihan Wu 