@_author: fateav
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:11:55
Not quite. Direct democracy does not mean simple majority has total control. Technocopianism for example implements a two tier system to address this, where a general vote is taken of the population of a local cell where every member participates by which the priority of legislation is decided, while a second tier for "interested" voters would only be voted from people involved in the field, where every vote would be accompanied by commentary on the reasoning for the vote, and could be nullified by child votechains of the same type. The Bill is ranked based on the priority vote whereas it is amended and discussed in the interested tier, while it must be approved by both to be made Legislation.
It's explained in a bit more detail here through [a case study of a low-level cell's hypothetical process of approving a bill]( 
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:33:41
Not Quite. Communist against Leadership and hierarchy. It's my own position and that of a few other groups that it is possible to have a very strong, expansive government which serves and respects the poplation without actually having a distinction between the population and the leadership [IE direct democratic rule], and without centralising things in one place or group of people. up to this point, it's essentially textbook idealised communism, a self-organising population that shares in ownership of the means of production and the surplus. 
More specifically though I would Identify with the folks over at [The Technocopia plan]( , who advocate not only eliminating elected/appointed offices of power, but also automating and decentralising the process of government, along with all economic activity, to the greatest degree possible. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:02:00
In the real world we have countless currency exchanges, each with their own niche and region of popularity or demographic of popularity. This is why you don't see this type of a crash-and-lag in the real currencies.
It's more than just phasing out Mt Gox, but distributing the load among more exchanges and setting up new exchanges is a HUGE part of the solution to prevent another problem like this. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:06:51
Anarcho cybercommunist reporting. 
I really like Bitcoin because it established a precedent for the use of Cryptography and Decentralised redundancy which is very practical and could be extended to other purposes, like the use of distributed computer systems to fully automate economic planning of automated production, distribution, and extraction of resources and commodities. 
It's only one third of the equation, but it's one that I really like to see improving over time and identifying flaws as they emerge that might not be obvious from a theoretical standpoint. 