@_author: fatfugu
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:33:15
No problem. Thanks for being open towards the input you're receiving.
Okay, the name change seems to not be an issue. I would advise you to keep your eyes on the EBR as well, as that's the guideline to a lot of Europeans, and different names aren't very reliable. Check  for that. 
Now as I've stated, especially when it comes down to the GDPR, there are other ways to verify an age, without having to deal with all the (private) documents. But I need to verify if that still works.
Aside from the verification and name change. How are you dealing with the (physical or non physical) borders? Is it possible for people in the USA to participate as well? Or do you keep it limited to the EU only? 
If you have questions regarding law and or privacy, feel free to message me, as I could be able to help.
For the application itself: I've tried it, looks decent. You might want to expand the FAQ a bit, and make the Terms of Use / privacy statement easier accessable (somewhere on the main page would be better), and perhaps make an index page in the beginning (highlight privacy).
@_date: 2018-05-04 11:30:46
You're referring to the data protection act of 6 January 1978 amended in 2004 in your ToA. How will you be implementing the GDPR? That'll be enforced starting 25 may 2018.
Your privacy statement/ToA states that whenever I win, I need to provide you with copy of identity document or passport, proof of adress less than three months old and a adress of an wallet.
Can you give me an example of how to send it? Are the laws of verification the same in my country as in yours? You're asking something here..
Is BTC or any cryptocurrency considered to be an actual currency in your country? I'm assuming the identity verification is based upon some sort of "gambling" law in your country, wouldn't it be easier to double check this? Storing highly personalized data is quite something nowadays.
You claim to have a capital of 24k. So you're unable to give a BTC away everyday (shown winnings aren't that exciting either). How does the lottery work? Is it a 'random' draw, where any combination can come up? Or is there a sophisticated process where the chance to win is even smaller than random?
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:15:14
As soon as I send an email back with my identification documents and proof of adress, you're holding documents which are very private. How long do you hold on to them? 
Why do you require those documents to verify? As I have stated in my first post, in my country BTC isn't considered to be a currency. I would only pay taxes if I'd cash out. So, basically it would give you a reason to avoid the identification part. 
Besides, if you 'only' need to verify my age, what does my adress have to do with it? You have to understand that, with all those documents, identity theft is so incredibly easy.
According to infogreffe.fr you seem to be registered, which is a good start. You seem to be running another app service (Soundr, I'm 98% sure it's yours as the layout is exactly the same). When I'm tracking your registration number in the EBR (Europian Business Register), everything adds up but the name. 'Appchemists SAS' doesn't seem to exist. Can you explain this?
And I'm still curious how you handle the 'borders'. My country has a different law than yours, and even though the EU covers something, it doesn't cover everything. Have you thought about this?
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:50:11
There are dozens of Age Verification Systems (AVS) you can use. Since, technically (according to the law in my country) you're offering a game and NOT a "Lottery", this might be good enough to work with. You could implement it on a form on your website which the winner needs to fill in (Another way to bypass the GDPR).
But you have to verify this COUNTRY WISE. As some countries might consider it to be "gambling/Lottery"
@_date: 2018-03-09 11:05:13
I'm not sure what you mean. If you mean to use your own IBAN for trasta, then the answer is no. As an IBAN is a personal/individual adress. 
If you mean use any IBAN, then yes. Verify your account (if you haven't yet) and get an IBAN from trasta.
Of course you can both IBAN's (your own and trasta) to wire money between accounts. You should also be able to wire directly from your trasta IBAN to other accounts, but I wouldn't rely too much on that.