@_author: fatoshi
@_date: 2015-06-01 09:45:03
I think their rationale, or discussion of it, is very much on topic.
Such as, why would you need "smart contracts" when you can just execute programs that comply with legal contracts?
I guess the ultimate question is, what is the problem with having an all-powerful operator?
@_date: 2015-06-08 10:04:46
And it works.
If it doesn't, a community/team/culture that doesn't suffer from this defect can easily take over with the added efficiency.
@_date: 2015-06-01 09:45:03
I think their rationale, or discussion of it, is very much on topic.
Such as, why would you need "smart contracts" when you can just execute programs that comply with legal contracts?
I guess the ultimate question is, what is the problem with having an all-powerful operator?
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:34:22
Probably. I don't think it is difficult to come up with a "good enough" heuristic, but since the number of these are infinite, it's almost impossible to agree on one. I guess it's a social limitation (imagine we were discussing the issuing rate, it is practically impossible to decide). For instance, I would go with something that includes miner vote, transaction volume and days destroyed.
@_date: 2015-06-08 08:24:12
This stuff is being discussed for years and a couple of months after it is exposed to the "public opinion", the debates are suddenly a failure?
All I see is people not understanding how open source works and attempts of using fictional drama to advance social agenda. A couple of months on a typical mailing list and most people here would think nothing can be done about anything ever.
I remember this "debate isn't taking us anywhere" stuff happening with P2SH as well. Other than people bringing it up on periodic luke-jr themed pitchfork ceremonies, nobody even remembers the crisis.
It isn't about conservatism, it is about merit. If you have a problem with the debate, get off your ass and either find a better solution or gather some evidence that one of the proposed ones are better than the others.
@_date: 2015-06-12 20:06:48


So it's almost 4% for a $25 donation. Good to know.
Does BitPay charge any fees?
@_date: 2015-06-08 11:36:48
You're right. If the community in general (and not only core developers) is too afraid/conservative, it will translate into lack of progress. I'm not convinced that it is the case as of yet, though.
@_date: 2015-06-12 20:37:12
I don't know, but you should always assume they do.
Running your own personal Electrum server gives you a lot of flexibility without sacrificing privacy or security. It could be a decent reason to run a Bitcoin node, although I think it is quite a bit of an additional hassle for now.
@_date: 2015-06-08 09:02:24
I don't know the answer really, but it's a very good question.
In this context, I was referring to the mechanisms of power. While politics or personality defects are inevitable in any social circumstance, the fact that the product is open to be controlled by anyone willing (i.e. the fact that no degree of consensus is required) limits their ultimate effect on an open source project. As I said, it's about merit, so most of the drama here can be dismissed with little consequence.


By having a damn good idea or generating damn good evidence for an idea.
@_date: 2015-06-01 11:37:03
How does transparency work for either interbank transfers or client accounts? Both have strict privacy requirements.


I don't understand what centralized mining means. What is the difference between an all-powerful operator and a centralized miner?
@_date: 2015-06-09 12:11:08


The trivial thing to do is, putting the change into effect a certain number of blocks (say, 4000) after the criterion is met. Plenty of time for the remaining to make up their minds.


It should be possible for the mechanism to support a vote on that as well, but I doubt that it will be done.
However, I would rather this be only an indicator, not an automated action. It is important for the miners to show their support this way, since it affects them the most, but I think we also need the dialogue to evolve, since this is far from being a binary choice.
@_date: 2014-11-19 19:14:00
Would have worked better over a beer. private :-)
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:22:00
About half of it only. ;-)
Considering the title has the words "professor" and "Ivy League", decorum is out of the question anyway.
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:44:10
It can rely on Namecoin, etc. for security and scarcity, but you need a DHT for storage (better controlled replication) and some form of distributed computing with quotas instead of using "free online services". The result can in theory be cheaper and as reliable, but the selling point would probably be decentralization.
@_date: 2014-12-02 06:33:51
Apples and oranges. I'm not sure I agree with the "theft" angle of either forms of money creation, but the extent of control Satoshi has is his own coins, quite symmetrical to me, even though different in scale.
He can't threaten me by selling his coins to me at a 1/400 discounted rate, that's absurd. This is essentially what you are proposing.
@_date: 2014-12-13 20:57:34
Plausible, but it still makes sense to prefer easily identifiable norms like non-interference over more intricate and opaque forms of moderation. Not unlike Bitcoin.
It's a tricky situation. Can anyone really be so passionate about hating Bitcoin to camp at new posts and try to make the first comment in order to create doubt? The Internet is full of weirdos, so yes. Would it make sense for an all-responsible-and-benevolent entity with deep pockets to assign one or two agents to infiltrate Bitcoin forums or try out spreading misinformation, just in case? Also yes.
So what are we going to do? Begin suspecting our neighbors? Bring out pitchforks whenever a moderator is blamed about some random thing? Stop tipping online because the guy might be a dedicated troll?
I'd say Stoicism is the key.
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:17:00
Sure. For instance, BitPay says double spends have never been a problem for them. On the consumer side, I use Bitcoin daily for years, and never had a transaction get stuck.
However this doesn't mean innovation on this front is not needed. Open source tools and maybe protocol improvements that help nodes assess the risk of double-spends? A green address 2.0 system (using multi-sig?) that is easy to integrate to, say, public transport? We need these tools to make "professional" intermediaries more optional.
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:17:44
If there is a good enough algorithm, I think yes. However, naive averaging would result in attempts at denial of service through spamming.
@_date: 2014-12-16 10:56:32
You don't need to not use Gentoo. This is probably the main thing people don't understand. It's natural for Gentoo packages to have optional patches enabled, and all Gentoo users that I know of configure the USE flags, or at least check them out, while installing new packages. It's done only once (until you run into build issues that is).
I'm not using Gentoo for the last 2 years, and I still remember the ljr USE flag. It's not hidden or anything.
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:58:18
The most insightful comment in this thread so far. 10000 bits private
It may be a problem with how put it though.
So, if you don't spend Bitcoin, what do you spend? In order to spend fiat, you need to have a spendable^* amount of it. This involves the decision of not having the coins to spend in the first place. The coins you are not spending were never yours. I don't see how this matters.
(\*) "All things being equal." As in, you have *some* expenses you can either pay in Bitcoin or fiat, and you are choosing *that amount of* fiat in order to be able to pay in fiat in order not to spend your Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-27 23:36:24
Do you really need a bank account to buy things that are not available in Bitcoin? I had used some of those cards you can fill up using Bitcoin and they worked everywhere I've tried. Haven't been following more recent products though.
@_date: 2014-11-22 23:38:42
Block reward decreases exponentially without limit, but bitcoins' value certainly has a limit. Energy consumption will likely increase, but has to end up in an equilibrium of sorts. Hard to know.
There is the "typical" conflict between concerns there, since according to another scenario Bitcoin's security will go to nil as block reward decreases. Actually, maybe even both could be true, but I'm pretty sure the argument would be easier to engage with if someone came up with numbers or other work that you can base a discussion on. The fact that people become dulled by the repetition of "this is all bad" is not interesting, even if some of the reactions we see is not desirable.
So basically there is a spectrum between calling PoW stupid and raising legitimate concerns. I have seen many proposals for alternatives to PoW hitting the front page. Actually I think there is good chance that it will be replaced at one point. But you can't expect it to continuously be a topic unless there is progress.
@_date: 2014-11-27 13:07:57


Believable, but [citation needed].


Very unlikely. The only relevant hitman story I've heard was the SR case, but the alleged transaction to the fake hitman was a bank wire ([yes, really]( so it's off-topic.
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:36:39
Is it "humor" or "criticism"? I'm confused. Some very insightful tweets there...
@_date: 2014-12-07 10:12:52
Four days? I've paid with Bitcoin and it was in the account within hours. In comparison, they seem to ask for a lot of verification stuff for credit cards, which would indeed take days. Plus, you get a very decent discount with Bitcoin.
I'd say this is a combination of a rare issue and shitty customer support. Maybe I'm biased because my experience with them has been quite good so far.
@_date: 2014-12-04 09:24:02
Am I alone in not being able to understand the meaning of anything he is saying?
@_date: 2014-11-19 19:54:02
Greatest returns, maybe, but it is harder to reason about the benefits of low variance, which is what pools essentially offer. I don't know of formal studies, so I dug this up:
It would have been nice if Kevin Dowd provided some numbers to better understand when pooling purely out of risk aversion is justified. I'm guessing there is a certain limit where practical benefits would become insignificant compared to the risk of causing a failure. At that point, you can argue whether the tragedy of the commons would really hold.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:54:31


Not really. The system is quite flexible.
To get you started, you can think of a Bitcoin address as a sort of program. The simplest transaction is actually not processed as a program at the technical level, but conceptually it still implies one. It basically signifies how one can authorize a transaction to be used as an input to another one.
A m-of-n multi-sig address is a sort of program that requires m of the n pre-defined signatures to run successfully. In my example (2-of-3), one of the keypairs is held by the buyer, one by the seller, and one by the notary. Any two keys is enough to complete the transaction, so you don't need to ask for an arbiter if there are no disputes, which is the overwhelming majority of transactions. 


You can use a banker or a real notary for this task (last time I checked there were "real" lawyers that offered arbitration on Bitrated.com). You just don't need to entrust them your money. They aren't responsible for its safekeeping, they can't run off with it, get it stolen or get it confiscated by government. They can, however, side with either the buyer or the seller.
So the difference is, you don't need to give the "sole" control of your money to a single entity. If, for instance, you think there is a chance that the arbiter can conspire with the other party (assuming the arbiter is a licensed lawyer or a reputable company like eBay, it's not a great concern for ordinary transactions), you can increase the number of required signatures.
Automation is not a huge problem for simple transactions, as you don't need explicit permission from a notary in order to assign them.
It can be cheap, secure and censorship resistant, but also reversible.
@_date: 2014-12-10 05:54:30
Your EV calculation is applicable to all volatile asset types, regardless of the magnitude of volatility, so in practice you should be able to make an infinite amount of money with it.
Calculate the EV at 15//6000 and it is 1002.5, 902.5 more than you own today. Better strategy?
The problem in the assumption that the value is linear from here on.
@_date: 2014-12-25 11:35:27
Why just early adopters? Is Tim Draper an early adopter?
All adopters benefit, really. That's the idea of a network effect. More people -&gt; More utility -&gt; More people.
As for miners, it's a competitive market. If it is beneficial, you can become a miner. That's in line with the idea of OP.
@_date: 2014-12-16 09:59:20
You don't need to switch anything. Gentoo is a source based distro, so you can disable the patch forever by disabling the USE flag. I don't like that it's on by default either, but no one is being tricked or "fucked".
@_date: 2014-11-22 20:08:17
Sure, Bitcoin is not even close to being perfect, and there are some properties it will never have. I don't think this conflicts with what is meant within context, however. Bitcoin's potential shortcomings are being tirelessly discussed by many people for a long time, so it would be a better idea to go out and read some more if you think you have discovered a flaw within minutes of reading about Bitcoin. If it is indeed something that hasn't been brought up tens of times before, it is very unlikely that it will be ignored.
Another thing; "XYZ will never work this sub is delusional" people also should come up with convincing arguments, because the raw claims are pretty much impossible to respond to. If you don't think something can work but don't know why, at least be open to constructive argumentation.
@_date: 2014-11-27 08:23:59
Even if it doesn't come with your distro, it's python so you can just [download]( and run it from within your local user.
It can connect to any Electrum server, so better reliability than web wallets in this aspect as well. You can use the same wallet on multiple computers (with optional label sync), and it can be used as an offline wallet.
@_date: 2014-12-16 14:53:08
Well, assuming "terrorism" is one of the few things keeping people from wondering why we have borders to begin with, I'd say ANA/TER exchange rate is convergent to negative zero.
@_date: 2014-11-25 10:40:55
You realize the article is satire, right?
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:03:57
Of course; and there are many variations of Bitcoin (we call altcoins) that have different limits (including having none) and systems of issuance.
When we say it is "impossible" to change such rules of Bitcoin, we mean that those who like the rules will never agree to run your modified version of the software.
However, there is nothing keeping you from changing the rules yourself. You will then be using sir_lanka_BTC, which would be a different currency, sharing the same history of transactions with Bitcoin. It would exist in parallel with Bitcoin we use.
Then the question is, will people prefer that one over Bitcoin? Since it doesn't make much sense for Bitcoin holders to want to increase the limit, I guess not. Also, since you will be running a different currency, you might want to start from scratch, which is the whole idea behind altcoins.
@_date: 2014-12-01 18:45:48
Apparently I'm a bit naive, but I was at first puzzled by the fact that Wikipedia didn't embrace Bitcoin without hesitation because of their supposed political neutrality. And it disturbs me that they were suddenly OK with it after the establishment gave it a green light.
Nevertheless, biased or not (what/who isn't?) it's an important tool for all of us, and I continue to donate, luckily now with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-06 12:18:55
You can't "admit" something that is already well known.
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:32:18
"I spent tulip bulbs today!"
See, interesting. You can't have your cake and eat it too.
@_date: 2014-12-09 08:52:16
That makes sense. Downside of having plenty of people that could write the same comment with no intention of humor. :-)
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:59:40
No, it is true either way. Actually if Bitcoin didn't take off (IMHO it already did), stronger hands would be holding even more of it proportionally.
Bottom line is, people who have pronounced Bitcoin dead when the price hit $2 are now complaining about unfair distribution.
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:13:35


Not really. If you focus on things it doesn't have an affect on or has no intention to change, you will see nothing new. This is trivial.


The unpleasant description aside (I will attempt to use your term to help communicate), what you point at is true. It all boils down to how a shared resource can be made to work. Bitcoin is different in the sense that no one tells you to use it or how to use it. If you own bitcoins, you have an incentive to make it more valuable by adding value to the system. In this "flat" scheme, there will be leeches at every level. In the hierarchical system, leeches are grouped on the top.
Other than that, it is trying to replicate some of the properties of other financial tools. So it pretty much depends on where you want your leeches to be, or the kind of leeches you prefer. To me, the choice is just too obvious (maybe because of my personal experiences).
Bitcoin will not fix human nature, if it is your concern. But it does remove top-down control, and it does remove barriers of entry *in a very limited context*. I got interested in it a while ago while looking at ways to decentralize justice and "democratize" intelligence-gathering. I am currently a "leech", but at the same time hope to transition into working for these goals full-time, and I am convinced that Bitcoin solves many problems involved with that.
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:53:16
It depends on the strategy Bitcoin adopts for a growing block size limit. If it's deterministic (e.g. constant rate of increase), then the risk of reducing blocktime decreases. If the orphan risk is low, faster blocks slightly increases security.
Even then, to me, it is not worth the risk or effort. We need instant confirmations, micro-transactions and off-chain transactions. Better focus on those. We don't need "on average 2 minutes" transactions.
Maybe one day someone will discover a method to properly do instant on-chain transactions. Then it would be worth it.
@_date: 2014-12-02 06:28:21
The purpose of having money is essentially power to make people do things according to your will. With state socialism, privileged class has it through other means than money, and their reach is extended. Not saying can't be done, but it's hard in the short run and risky in the long. 
True communism is a utopia, though it could be more easily experimented with if small city states were the norm throughout the world.
@_date: 2014-12-03 06:52:45
These would be equivalent decades ago, but no so much now. Only a small fraction of my transactions (by volume) are local transactions and most of my fiat money transactions don't even involve the country I live in. Even my parents deal with international transfers regularly and use electronic "local" payments out of necessity even though they are technologically disabled.
So the difference is, you can't use cash to do much of anything without putting it in a custodial account. At best, you could use a network of brokers instead of a bank-like thing. You could argue that this depends on your lifestyle I guess, but it would be severely limiting.
If the world solves its energy crisis, in a few decades where you make money and what you use it on would be mostly decoupled from where you actually reside. Probably aside from basic sustenance and lodging expenses.
@_date: 2014-11-19 10:36:39
Anti-fragility is an alternative concept to robustness, so I don't know how you can use a particular vulnerability as a negative. One could, with equal validity, speculate that the development of sidechains is proof that Bitcoin is anti-fragile, as it solves other potential vulnerabilities.
But ultimately, neither Bitcoin the protocol nor Bitcoin the node software is anti-fragile. Anti-fragility requires dynamism and complexity. It is a property of "Bitcoin" as a generic structure, including both the network and the community that runs it.
Bitcoin will need to increase in complexity in order to survive, and I think it is almost a given from the beginning. Discussing these issues at so abstract levels is useless.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:28:52


That isn't what a mining pool does in the context of Bitcoin. It's not a pooling of funds to purchase mining equipment. That is, oddly enough, called "Cloud Mining".


Same mistake the whole article, which makes the whole analysis questionable to say the least.


Which makes it apparent that the finance guy doesn't know the subject at all, or intentionally misleading the readers.
Wonder who voted down...
@_date: 2014-12-04 08:26:18
Please don't call for downvotes. If you think there is a better explanation, make it, then let the proper community to decide. If you think they are deluded, then it is their problem.
@_date: 2014-12-24 17:15:07
I see your point. It's probably about my personal expectations. I think things will get easier if people begin having more options to earn in Bitcoin.
Hope you like veggieburger private
@_date: 2014-11-18 20:25:55
Separation of currency and state would certainly help, but wars will continue to happen as long as the human mind continues to come up with childish cop-outs like the God and the State.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:42:12
I'm pretty sure he doesn't think the world is a libertarian utopia.
@_date: 2014-11-20 14:22:40
Aha! Thanks for helping me discover my false assumption.
@_date: 2014-12-06 18:42:52
Interesting. Out of curiosity, how does one's name get deleted from an article?
@_date: 2014-11-27 10:45:52
I know you're trolling, but if you could send the gold in your possession to "goldpay" to instantly settle, it would beat anything out there. So much so that at one point the "goldpay" step would become mostly redundant.
Actually, if you could pay with gold somewhere, I'm pretty sure you wouldn't care the least about what they do with it.
@_date: 2014-11-16 14:38:53


No, that is not the case at all.
I was there, and decided not to donate for the advancement of the forum, because I thought it was pointless. Some others donated for various reasons, mostly for the additional perks.
Now, I wasn't suggesting that only donators have a say -- my response was directed at the claim that the donators are a part of the people here complaining.
But your response makes the psychology here very clear to me. Thanks, I guess. Yet, no, it isn't your money.
@_date: 2014-11-14 17:00:28
Looks like you are buried for being a communist, but thank you for sharing your opinions.
Here are some digital tokens you can use to add records to our community database: 10000 bits private
@_date: 2014-11-14 08:18:51
This can never happen with "Bitcoin the payment network", which is what Yoghurt meant. Also not possible with decentralized services built on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:15:15
Smaller entities doing it first. Both testing out systems that help with this process, and the PR effect is important.
[Internet Archive]( has been doing it for some time now.
What *we* can do is, utilize Bitcoin in our professional work even more. Get some freelancers to do some of the work you need done. Work with people from regions you wouldn't normally have connected with. So on and so forth...
@_date: 2014-12-24 20:53:27
Hehe, just trying out changetip as a substitute for intensive upvoting. :\^)
@_date: 2014-11-17 23:29:59
AFAIK Expedia only accepts it for hotel bookings.
I have good experiences with Destinia.com so far (10+ bookings), though they might not be as reliable as I thought:
@_date: 2014-12-20 08:13:22


Spartacus did pretty much it, and mostly regarded as a hero for it. Not to disagree with your original point, but your analogy doesn't seem internally consistent. Killing slave owners *is* a way to fight against slavery, even though it might not be the most practical or moral.
Don't know much about American history, but Wikipedia tells me that a bloody civil war happened where slave owners were a faction, so it appears (at least superficially) that your analogy is also in conflict your second paragraph.
@_date: 2014-11-17 01:13:39
Interesting, almost exactly 60% of maximum, but I probably spent many times the maximum over the years.
@_date: 2014-12-28 06:14:27
Yes, I was talking about debit cards, sorry. Used them in 3 different continents actually, to purchase goods (0% commission) and withdraw money (small commission, but don't remember). Obviously it is the success of VISA that it worked so well, but I don't know if such deals still exist. Heard about Xapo, but never had a chance to check it out.
@_date: 2014-12-06 16:26:16
Was that submitted by the same person?
@_date: 2014-12-08 01:15:27
They are trying to infect you with a disease. Always be skeptical of a cynic's motives.
Obviously, losing money to scammers encourages other scammers, we shouldn't trust people blindly, etc. Then again, obviously wouldn't have to actively scam people in order to prove a point if this was an unsurmountable problem actively injuring the community.
On the contrary, their problem seems to be that the community is continuing to be "naive" and enthusiastic. Ask yourself why they do have to trick you into seeing the world like they do instead of letting the customs grow organically.
@_date: 2014-12-21 19:12:15
Since the mechanism that you "exempt" a popular person with a popular idea is through revealing the unfair law, how can it be bad?
From the article:


@_date: 2014-12-02 10:50:12
The snarky remark is uncalled for. Of course they are in it to make money.
The mistake is assuming mining pools are cloud mining companies, i.e. monolithic mining operations.
I'm not saying big mining pools don't pose a risk, but it is a completely different profile.
@_date: 2014-12-02 09:42:08
You see, ChangeTip is a middleman. But it's not lobbying against Bitcoin. Or Mastercard to my knowledge. I assumed the "outburst" was about resort to indirect coercion, so I didn't detect any hypocrisy.
Will it be better if ChangeTip is replaced by something with less powers over custodial funds? Absolutely. If ChangeTip begins lobbying against something like that (to what authority I can't imagine) it would be in a similar position, in which case yours wouldn't be trolling. Sorry, I meant "surprisingly insightful" criticism.
@_date: 2014-12-06 07:34:38
I'm trying to interpret there. So, instead of injecting all this data into the blockchain, you could create a hash tree of every separate thing you need to notarize and place a single hash in the blockchain? Makes perfect sense.
Regarding users being able to block such transactions, I don't think it's possible as long as transactions don't have meaning, which would in turn make the network susceptible to all sorts of outside influence.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:29:02
"All addresses" doesn't mean much. You will likely end up sending most of the money to Coinbase.
If you can find a sensible way to distribute tokens in a "fair" fashion (definition is up to you), I'd be interested in reading it though. It may be a worthy altcoin experiment. I'd expect it to utterly fail, but it would still be a good reference. Even better if it doesn't fail.
@_date: 2014-12-21 12:28:40
* Ask for confirmation for the first request from a website.
* Have a limit where explicit confirmation is required no matter what.
If the site can specify a behavior mode, it could be a part of the initial confirmation. That way you can also warn the user about unusual requests.
@_date: 2014-12-10 07:33:51


Things trolls "also" say may become conventional wisdom, but it's incorrect to say they are things that get called trolling.


If memory serves (didn't follow this sub closely), plenty of people said it might be a bubble, some agreed that it was, and mostly people who tried to affirm themselves by using snide remarks, calling others naive retard bag holders, etc. got called trolls. I'm sure you could cherry pick instances where innocent bystanders were called trolls too, but it is natural Internet behavior.
There is a group with libertarian orientation here which are very aggressive with their votes (I'd probably be called a libertarian too, but trying to bury "commies" is not even childish). Other than that, I think the troll label is usually applied properly.
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:55:31
Sorry for the late reply. Much kids, such holidays...


Don't you still have to rollback the sidechain by the contest period (or work amount) after each successful unlock?
@_date: 2014-12-02 06:16:36
Somebody irrevocably selling me their coins for $1 so that I can buy thousands of them instantly == Ability to arbitrarily print currency?
I somehow never thought of that when I got into Bitcoin, thank you for this.
What if everyone sold their coins all at once? We're doomed I say. Or, you know, maths.
@_date: 2014-12-05 08:01:42
I had encountered some info about Bitcoin use in Nepal here and there, but I don't know about their authenticity. Did you have any contact with local traders or know anywhere to spend them directly?
Thanks for what you've been doing, by the way. 40000 bits private
@_date: 2014-12-25 15:35:18
It seems to me as an oversimplified example. In its heart, what he thinks of is Ripple vs. Bitcoin. I'm talking about the originating ideas, not specific implementations.
He thinks a completely independent token of value is not necessary in order to transmit value without enforced hierarchy.
I think many of us also went through this phase (convinced decentralized value transmission can be made to work with debt relations through webs of trust, heard of Bitcoin but thought we should be able to do without creating a new currency), so it really doesn't sound all that weird to me.
Of course, having a fully abstract unit allows you to get rid of the requirement of trust (in a manner that is not really intuitive, which is why Buffet isn't getting it yet). It also makes decentralization so much easier and resilient. It might seem like a trade-off until you begin thinking about how to implement the alternative.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:49:23


Depends, really. If the core developers want to change how Bitcoin works, and people don't want the change, then it will be the core developers who will have the new coin (by forking the blockchain), even if the rest "forks" the code.
In other words, switching the de facto standard implementation doesn't necessarily change the nature of Bitcoin, or make it a new coin. It's the rules that matter, and the ultimate decision is made by those who actually run the software. For instance I run btcd, which makes Conformal's motives more relevant to me than the developers of Bitcoin Core.
Regarding the threat; there isn't a single layer between the node operators and the repository that core developers commit to (which I'm not sure what the affiliation is with the Bitcoin Foundation, except Gavin). For instance, there are all sorts of maintainers who have a say in which sources they build the binaries from. Radical changes would need some degree of consensus on that front.
The thinnest, most direct connection is the bitcoin.org website where mostly Windows users download the binaries, but last time I checked it wasn't controlled by the Foundation. Would love an update on that. Either way, there is no way to cause an update on the copies people run, so you can't change the rules without making sure most people already agree to it.
So it is basically a community awareness thing. Since even minute changes result in all hell breaking loose, I'm not worried about something going unnoticed. On top of that, the BF doesn't seem to have a lot of political influence even among the core developers.
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:47:53
Here is some more to try out using them. 20000 bits I'd move to a local wallet when it feels convenient enough.
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:09:38
"It's going to collapse any day now" is my default answer to family and friends, regardless of the price movement. They think I want to keep it all for myself, so many of them got involved in various degrees. Reverse psychology, baby.
@_date: 2014-11-26 12:34:03
Well if it is not exempt, they should be able to make Ars take down the image as well.
@_date: 2014-12-10 12:06:25


That applies to everything that doesn't completely degrade with use. Stocks, precious metals, antiques, land, etc.


Since Bitcoin "miner"s operate on a profit margin, the situation isn't very different than any produce. They do work and spend energy to create the coins in a very competitive market. So not only like gold, but also apples (electronic or otherwise).


That is the function of the entire financial industry. I would definitely go for something that would make money obsolete, but Bitcoin is the next best at this moment.
@_date: 2014-11-24 21:42:48
Not sure about the accuracy but the Poll text linked in the post talks about a 30-35% out of each donation (likely calculated using 1$ as standard).
@_date: 2014-12-10 19:00:50
The username is `CoinCadence.com`.
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:27:05
With colored coins, they can control the issuing and (up to a degree) redemption of notes while giving complete control over transactions to users, and have it secured by the Bitcoin network, and make instant+decentralized exchange to bitcoins possible. Am I correct?
@_date: 2014-12-03 21:16:57


But how does an expanding universe explain localized pockets of increased complexity? If anything, wouldn't it by itself add to ease of energy dissipation and make order even harder?
I think the hypothesis that more complex structures dissipate energy more efficiently is a much better explanation, but it's still a bit of a mystical leap in the context of global finance. To go along with it anyway, assuming this theory, complex structures that scale in order to consume more energy are preferred.
However, since Bitcoin is a part of humanity, I don't think its energy expenditure by itself is relevant. Also it's quite likely that it is still way more efficient (i.e. requires less energy) than the financial system it is supposed to replace.
So what we're left with is whether Bitcoin will make humanity consume more energy. On the minus side, we have deflation, which may lead to more efficient use of resources (less waste). On the plus side, there may be increased activity as a result of a better connected economy and technological progress.
If we are to take these assumptions seriously, the Bitcoin optimist needs to believe that it will cause humanity to progress economically (which I assume directly means more energy consumption) with less power being allocated to temporary desires. It could fit well to a humanity that actively works to transcend the boundaries of this planet, among other similar sci-fi scenarios. 
Regardless, the scale is so tiny in the grand scheme that all this speculation is probably pointless.
@_date: 2014-11-18 21:14:33
I'd call them potentially noble virtues, as the ultimate intention has negative value. If you consider the vastness of the unknown, certainly humanity can find better reasons for self-sacrifice.
Also, the current state of endless war is one of the most important distractions that steer people into the swamp of materialism. Actually, organized religion itself is a culprit, since it pretty much destroyed the diversity of metaphysical investigation.
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:55:01
You could integrate this to physical services though. For instance, a city-wide ticket machine system could have its own public key.
You install a plug-in to your ordinary wallet software, which creates a fancy multi-sig address. You can top it up whenever you like. Your mobile device transfers your half of the transaction with NFC to the ticket machine (potentially can be handled without Internet access), the system signs and broadcasts it. There is no way for you to double-spend.
Furthermore, since you can't spend without their authorization, they could ask you to sign a cumulative amount at each contact, and broadcast once a month. This would reduce bloat a lot.
There is still a trust requirement, but it is very generic.
@_date: 2014-12-18 12:57:46


Good post otherwise, but why squeeze all this into an investment perspective? Everyone will make it there whether they hold Bitcoin or not, it's an open technology.
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:05:26
Thanks a bunch. 10000 bits private
@_date: 2014-11-18 20:46:11
It certainly makes sense, but the misanthrope in me says when faced with questioning their allegiances, people might choose to take refuge in their hate of the enemy du jour. Regardless, it is clearly an essential step towards world peace.
@_date: 2014-11-25 23:05:40
Reddit is just not a suitable forum for Bitcoin. Votes, the front page, hot/best lists all lead to groupthink. It is good for stuff with limited focus, not so much for a multifaceted movement that needs nuanced discourse to stay healthy.
We are all here, because there is a lot of people here already. It is useful to have many people, but this site can't deliver what you desire.
@_date: 2014-12-11 19:19:47
They pay a portion of their employees' salaries in Bitcoin for starters. In theory they could also cover some hardware and maybe hosting costs, but I'm guessing they don't have that much Bitcoin income.
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:13:54
Yes, that's definitely a problem.
@_date: 2014-12-04 07:51:06


Yes, sorry, that seems to be my anti-forum-troll reflex. They lash out to anything enthusiastic so I tried to tone it down. :-)
@_date: 2014-11-19 13:53:34
Thanks. Blockstream guys consistently claim that merged mining is not an integral part of the side-chains proposal (i.e. it will be optional), so I'm a bit confused. Need so see some working code to wrap my head around it I suppose. 10000 bits private
@_date: 2014-12-23 07:42:40
Even if we assume that 51% of mining power means 51% of Bitcoin (which isn't true for various reasons, can explain if you are interested), the 51% attack doesn't allow "unlimited free money".
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:47:39
Well, they didn't move gold into USD, just moved it from one wallet to another.
@_date: 2014-11-28 14:09:45
Make the local hacker community more interested in Bitcoin. As part of an event, a competition of sorts might be fun (the less uptight the better, seeing the first Bitcoin transaction generated on a Commodore 64 would be more interesting than yet another wallet software, but I'm sure young blood can come up with better ideas). Sponsoring such events is also an idea.
@_date: 2014-11-16 20:28:03
Thanks for the laugh. 5000 bits @_date: 2014-11-27 13:17:41
The desire to bid might not sound credible, since you need to be a multi-millionaire to begin with. But keep in mind that smaller investors can join forces (e.g. through SecondMarket), and the concern still applies.
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:38:51


Certainly, and IMHO that is the whole point. Most wallets out there ( let you do that, and they are usually easy to use. I use Electrum on desktop (and for cold storage) and Mycelium on mobile.
You may want to check out BitGo, Coinkite and GreenAddress for some interesting approaches to trust using multi-sig.


Coinbase can exchange in and out of BTC for you, and can let you withdraw to a brick and mortar bank. Similarly, BitReserve and Coinapult can let you peg the value of your BTC account to other assets like Gold or USD. These situations obviously require trust though.
There are a vast number of tools out there, so I'd suggest going with a simple mobile wallet secured with a password and backed up, and move on from there when necessary.
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:04:34
Well, it happens. But not in the USA I suppose. Maybe it wasn't US dollars they were talking about. :-)
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:34:02
There is no such thing as *the* colored coin currency, other than Bitcoin if you consider it such. And calling all digital assets defined there "altcoins" would be redundant and confusing.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:55:47
Skepticism is a good default reaction to have. Dedicated hatred on the other hand is a more difficult question. There are some interesting explanations for that in this thread.
My humble opinion is, most people think cynicism is a shortcut for being street smart (which has much to do with the asymmetry between social consequences of looking like a fool and being too distrustful, even though both are equally wrong).
Gathering from the Bitcoin forums, some even seem to think being cynical somehow helps prevent other people getting fooled. Of course the only consequence of this spreading infection is the perpetuation of uncreative argumentation and blurring of core issues, unsurprisingly in the form of cynics distrusting other cynics.
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:17:49


Colored coins are not an alternative to altcoins, they are a way of managing digital assets by assigning "external" meaning to transactions.


Colored coins are direct Bitcoin transactions. As such, they increase the "strain".
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:37:01
Apparently governments are not a magical solution to market failures, as special-interest groups control key positions that make it up. When push comes to shove, they always have enough influence to ensure a beneficial outcome for themselves.
Breaking up the giants doesn't solve the problem one bit though, since cartel behavior is almost guaranteed.
She knows that nothing will change, but her political persona has to play the role nonetheless. The debt hierarchy is beneficial for the State, and it will do whatever is necessary to keep the structure intact. Everything else is just noise.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:08:36
Yes, pretty much. And it is to be expected.
But you see, these systems were not intended to be measures against "terrorism" or such. They were technological advancements which people readily embraced because they were solving practical problems. Instead of becoming more efficient over time (remember, centralized solutions are far more efficient at the technical level, which is a point over-abundantly raised by Bitcoin's critics), they remained costly and cumbersome. Now, another solution emerges, which is factually less efficient at the technical level, and it is somehow magnitudes more efficient at the practical level because of the absence of costs which have questionable benefits to the consumer.
And they are working to take away that option from the consumer. Why?
So, the conflict of interest is still there. Their system is dependent on the "rules" themselves. Most of their profits, and the fact that they have so few competitors, are a result of those rules.
@_date: 2014-11-19 15:21:05
While these are all true, I don't think it makes any sense to use the current state of some tools (which specifically lack decent maintainers) to determine the path of long term technological evolution. All this says to me is, sidechain developers  who take care to provide more polished tools will make their chain more appealing.
@_date: 2014-12-03 06:59:06
Didn't you notice? Terrorism is a thing of the past now, exactly because of these controls put in place. You see, without government oversight, money could pour into unstable regions causing them to become militarized!
Oh, wait...
@_date: 2014-12-12 19:54:33
I don't know about your experience with Bitcoin related companies, and I don't want to vote you down, but you are not talking about [smart contracts]( at all.
Regarding arbitration/chargebacks, you can have them with Bitcoin much better and cheaper than USD, since with USD you have to use a custodial system. Check out Bitrated (fully functional for a long time) and Openbazaar (not feature complete) for different approaches.
My recommendation is, instead of focusing on Internet people's investment advice, educate yourself about the thing you are investing in. May seem scary at first, but learning is also fun.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:48:21
I've read a bit of Marx, but I'm not sure this applies to the passive Bitcoin investment. The only mechanism I see it applicable to is manipulation of markets using capital, but it is very risky in itself.
Moreover, IMHO:
*  The richest addresses mostly do not "belong" to individuals, therefore are useless for making such a judgment. Individuals may have accumulated even greater amounts of coins, but it makes no sense to store them in singular addresses. We just don't know. So all this sensationalism is at most concern trolling.
* Strong hands doesn't imply controlling means of production or ability to make money through control of capital. You have access to buying bitcoins whether you have capital or not (there may be exceptions like the FBI auction though). In the end, if Bitcoin's value appreciates, the rich and poor will be affected at an equal rate.
So while Bitcoin doesn't change the concerns about capital accumulation itself, it doesn't by itself create any additional benefits.
One interesting thing is, it opens up access to all sorts of investments to everyone, partially removing one of the concerns. Unfortunately the "poor" isn't ready to be exposed to the same investment opportunities with the rich, so all hell broke loose. I don't want to be unfair though, the rich still have access to higher quality information (culture, social connections, etc.), which is something we also need to solve before claiming Marx was wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:35:01
Well, my niece and brother combo do things like this for me all the time. The handwriting is definitely of the parent. ;)
@_date: 2014-12-25 06:52:50
There were multiple cryptocurrency donation channels (you probably only counted direct Bitcoin transfers), so the final numbers of the day were a bit above 20%. Quite good actually, but I hope we can do better next time.
@_date: 2014-12-10 13:37:14
Interesting, thanks.
I would rather see Namecoin become standardized with lightweight protocols and whatnot. Having different environments for the same purpose makes all of them a tad harder to adopt.
1 answer private
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:09:11
I've booked flights and hotel rooms with Destinia many times without problems too, so I guess you never know until you get burned. What they did with the booking is unacceptable. Thanks for describing your experience in detail.
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:35:17


I wish that were the case, since it would put all the talk about early adopter advantage to rest. Alas, neither I nor any one around me "cashed out".
Damned if you do, damned if you don't, as long as you think Bitcoin is a good idea, it seems.


In the end, it boils down to whether your subject wants to be helped.
This is going pretty similar to the 2011 crash (though it was closer to 90% loss of value). Those who believed in Bitcoin's value (think it will succeed) or wanted to support the movement for whatever reason (think it should succeed) saw it as an opportunity to buy more of it.
@_date: 2014-12-23 11:57:51


This is an important point. Bitcoin has to be irreversible, because you can build all these features on a secure immutable system (if you want to remove trust requirement from the core transaction), but not the other way round.
What's lacking is a generic arbitration standard that is widely accepted. A 2-of-3 system where the arbitrator (or notary in the OpenBazaar model) holds one of the keys, no work has to be done on the arbitrator's part, so you can implement it without additional fees unless disputes arise. Of course multiple competing models are possible, so if people prefer a flat fee, then it can be offered as well.
@_date: 2014-12-22 16:50:23
is saying that people claim it is safe to give your bitcoins away to total strangers because Bitcoin doesn't depend on trust.
In reality, no one claimed that. Bitcoin doesn't "cure" counterparty risk. It provides a range of solutions so that you don't *have* to expose yourself to this risk, or choose your amount of exposure.
For instance, while you can preserve your bitcoins in a Trezor wallet, you can also send them to Coinbase. In the latter case, you *will* have to trust Coinbase. No one has ever claimed that you don't have to.
Multi-sig wallets or arbitration is an example of different risk models that are not possible with traditional money. Basically, the "logic" itself is invented centuries ago, and Bitcoin is making the use of it possible without the requirement of trust to custodians.
In summary, you can enter a situation where you have to explicitly trust another party, and Bitcoin doesn't disallow this.
@_date: 2014-11-17 01:27:29
Maybe, maybe not. Either way, talking about it feeds the trolls.
Just correct mistakes, avoid unconstructive battles, don't respond to flamebait, don't confuse sincere criticism with trolling and don't fall into community dividing traps.
@_date: 2014-12-14 10:39:34
Hey, there were 4 comments there. Evidently "Moderator" deleted his comment. Unfortunate, since it was an intelligent speculation.
@_date: 2014-11-16 07:57:06
The person I responded to claims some people complaining here are donors. Evidence suggests there may be a couple of them doing so, and even that is not apparent. If you check out the list, the donors aren't some random naive bystanders either.
How donors view the situation is important. Say, if they saw it as a bounty at the time, one could even claim that theymos has to give all the donations to the devs.
Suggesting alternatives and criticizing fund allocation is important, but there is a thread every two weeks talking about embezzlement and jail time, dominated by (and potentially entirely composed of) people who are not affected one bit. I just find it suspicious. Don't you?
@_date: 2014-12-25 14:57:21
And terrorism!
Or, you know, parties work this way too.
@_date: 2014-12-18 10:52:54


This may be an illusion. You will always find people giving bad advice and faulty information on the Internet, and they will always be the most vocal in their own domain, but it's a bit of a leap to think that they lead anything. I'd say their reach is limited to those who purposefully expose themselves. 
Whenever I engage myself in stuff that isn't pure opinion/politics, I almost always receive well thought responses from smart people. Bitcoin community has been one of the most rewarding ones I've been in so far. Is *this* group leading the way? Don't know either.
On the side, you should adjust your psychology to Reddit's voting system though. Every now and then you will get voted down by callow fellows who just don't get what you mean, but that doesn't mean you won't find people to debate with. Which I assume is the actual purpose, right? 


So, there are a few dozen Bitcoin pumpers in the forums that spoil the experience for the thousands who attend. How does joining another group of people who constantly engage with them help? makes this forum immensely unpleasant because of their cynical and insulting tone. SA goons pretty much started this reactionary atmosphere in the Bitcoin realm.
EDIT: grammar/clarification
@_date: 2014-12-18 13:06:26
It's not worth discussing things that couldn't happen otherwise. Bitcoin could be doomed to oblivion, or might have a very bright future, but you can't tell this by the percentage of bitcoins merchants prefer to hold right after they begin accepting it as a payment mechanism. No one expected the world to suddenly begin operating on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-28 15:01:28
So, Bitcoin will become one of the most efficient and widely used systems in its domain, only to be replaced with something better decades later because of the discovery of a yet unknown technology? An application of quantum entanglement maybe? Good enough for me.
I don't believe using the "Bitcoin rich list" is very convincing (beside the fact that you are counting exchanges as Bitcoin hoarders), since these are the same people who are likely to have a stake in the new thing anyway. I think it's a bit mystical to believe that they can somehow stop new developments and also somehow predict their baseless hype will hold. It is more realistic to think that they would exit right away if they didn't believe in the currency's future.
Finally, written message or the letter form didn't disappear because someone invented e-mail. They are just faster and less expensive now. In the same manner, Bitcoin the unit of account doesn't have to disappear because current technology is "clunky". There is nothing I can see that prevents the same currency from being used as technology advances. On the flipside, there is nothing that prevents the replacement of Bitcoin with the same clunky technology either; for instance, a coin promoted by an entity with PR advantages and reach.
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:45:43
If those who want Bitcoin to succeed do the right things, I believe so. I know that I'm not doing enough to have the luxury of rightful confidence though. :-)
@_date: 2014-12-06 11:40:39


The way I understood that comment, he meant he doesn't care about the lost coins, and likely as a joke. Saw no hint of blaming Bitcoin anywhere.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:57:36


It's a "naturally" dominant pressure though, isn't it? Salesmen and tradesmen have to do nothing else but try to influence others, and this is the end result. All I'm saying is, most of these people don't do much else but talk, so I don't in any way see them "leading the way".
This is of course if we are talking about the same sort of situations, but I'll assume that we are at least converging. While I barely even notice the salesmen and pumpers, a newcomer would have a hard time distinguishing fact from fiction.
Pretty much like a bazaar that is clumsily put together, rather than a "culture" I would say. I'm of the mind that the forums we have been using are not adequate for what we are trying to do.


While I have no idea what the exchange rate will be in 5 years, let alone whether Bitcoin will exist (though I'm pretty hopeful), I also remember people calling other people delusional (or equivalent) for suggesting bitcoins will have parity with the dollar. So, no, I don't think $1000+ is an exaggeration, and doesn't make someone a pumper. However, talking about certainties (on either direction) might.


It's a mitigating measure, but from what I see from it doesn't have any effects other than causing unpleasant and redundant conversations. It has much to do with the tone being used rather than what is being said.


Makes perfect sense if you are using it that way. But creating threads to fool people into donating you and then making fun about it is ugly in every way. Or trying to enter first comments to all new posts, mostly off-topic to post in question. Or making copy-paste "criticism" and only responding to weakest answers. So on and so forth...
Regarding paid-shill accusations, I think it's a reaction to the behavior I mentioned above. You are caught in the crossfire by associating yourself with people who have been at it for years. I'm not criticizing you for it (or rather retracting my previous criticism), but it doesn't seem all that ridiculous to me.
All in all, I think I mildly agree with you in general. There is a lack of "sound of reason" on the forums. Ideological quarrels surrounding the whole movement doesn't help either.
@_date: 2014-11-26 19:09:45
Looks like he's putting words in the mouth of a senator to further his agenda. The response he got is clearly saying Bitcoin is not legal tender and not saying that it is "illegal". Maybe U.S. Bitcoiners here could send the article to the senator and ask for a comment.
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:53:23
Why tip in US dollars though? This makes Bitcoin look like an American company. :-)
1 TRY @_date: 2014-12-26 19:50:23
I think you are a bit over-simplifying the situation.
At first glance, you could for instance talk about how free market practices resulted in more prosperity than planned economies. Or how the whole ordeal of centralized decision making resulted in human misery until advancements in separation of powers.
Were these also against human progress? Is there any evidence to say that it would have been worse if we could have more of it?
On a lower level, semantics begin to come into play. For instance, are ant colonies centralized? Technically, certainly not. There is no central management, just global shared goals. They are anarcho-communists, yet incredibly efficient.
Of course, this doesn't work with humans, because we have different goals (individual humans are analogous to different ant colonies). Efficiency of centralization in human society works in two different levels.
First is communication and data processing. With limited access to information, collection and processing had to be centralized, there was no other way. While we finally have it now, we still can't individually know enough nor dedicate time to think enough to make informed judgments about everything. But with immensely increased reach, we can organize far better.
Second is the normative level. If you bow down to a single will, the resulting focus of power will be superior. The more willing you are, the better, so I'm mostly talking about indoctrination here. This is also obviously orthogonal to what's "good", since your privilege translates into someone else's misery.
To me, the aim is to reduce the second level using the advances in the first one by making anything that can possibly be voluntary, voluntary.
Which, going back to the semantics debate, doesn't in itself absolutely require a decentralized solution like Bitcoin. What Bitcoin and similar technologies do is, create a naturally voluntary environment. You can enforce contracts securely, but only up to the degree that parties involved have agreed to. Censorship-resistance and anonymity are mere measures against outside coercive elements.
So, why will this be better? Will it result in better mobile devices and latrines?
Our understanding of good is already constructed out of the norms of what brought us here. This is almost impossible to grasp in its full extent really, and I don't think I can do it myself either. But I accept that a person from a completely different culture could easily see me as an empty carcass of a life form compared to how it should have been.
We can't do this without compromise obviously. If my idea of a better world is total obedience to the orders of God or the wisdom of majority decision, I wouldn't worry about how to make different ideologies work in superposition.
The only argument I can make is, by creating spaces for free experimentation, we have a better chance to see the consequences of different ways of thinking. Freedom of speech, free trade and ultimately the Internet have been great successes by some measures, so if you did like them, I think you might like Bitcoin too.
@_date: 2014-12-03 08:38:40
Instead of one-sided chargebacks, the ability of which you supposedly pay for by default, I would prefer more costly arbitration that I only pay for when I need it. Which is quite possible with 2-of-3 notarization. On top of that, I don't need to entrust the money itself to the notary for the duration, and the arbiter doesn't need to be involved at all during any part of the process unless disputes arise.
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:55:00
It may or may not be necessary, but that doesn't change the meaning of communism.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:19:43
This is also interesting because Ukraine became relevant recently with the confusion about whether Bitcoin is "banned" there. If I recall correctly, some folks were saying it's a good thing because capital controls are necessary when there is a threat of hyperinflation. Not expecting increased use of Bitcoin, but observing how this unfolds can be important.
@_date: 2014-11-25 09:11:23
I don't think they say otherwise, to me obvious by the fact that they use the word "pegging". You can't get Bitcoin out of the blockchain, and you can't secure the blockchain without the incentive of Bitcoin. They are inseparable. Haven't seen any comment from Blockstream conflicting with this viewpoint.
Say, you created a multi-sig address scheme controlled by a few people, and through that created a separate transaction mechanism using units pegged to the value of bitcoins. It could be something like a more secure ChangeTip, or a federated side-chain. Now, the coins are "locked" in the Bitcoin blockchain, and the unit-of-account is being freely traded. Is it really Bitcoin though? Looks to me like IOU's.
Their current proposal is considering proof-of-work as a sort of multi-sig that has dynamic members, thereby doing away with trust in pre-determined entities. It is similar in nature to what we call trustless in the context of Bitcoin, in that you trust in the incentives, not people. I don't claim it will work (have debated this and saw the missing pieces), but I don't see how they make grandiose claims about the nature of bitcoins either.
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:14:23


I don't think so, parent is an ordinary victim of the misinformation campaign. If people don't write about these misconceptions, we can't correct them.
@_date: 2014-11-13 20:24:44


I don't think anyone thinks that propagating and verifying each transaction through a worldwide network and storing them in a massively "replicated" database which requires huge computational power to achieve satisfactory consensus is cheaper or faster than merely recording them in a central database.
They just have other considerations when making judgments about efficiency. It seems you also agree with it, so it's probably a matter of context.
In an ideal world, centralized systems would be far more efficient, but we wouldn't have any need for censorship-resistant technologies to begin with. In practice, they tend to become as inefficient as they can afford to be, even if you ignore the political cost.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:10:34
I see Bitcoin as an anti-thesis of the idea that masses can't do shit collectively. So if that thesis is correct, we will screw this up eventually. We are very well protected from many things that can happen, but success is far from being automatic.
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:15:21
The extent of danger I can see for the time being is some fat nerd falling off a building while trying to position a 3D printed plastic rifle. We can revisit this in 20 years. In the meantime "Bitcoin is used for hitmen" will continue to be "common knowledge" without being true.
@_date: 2014-12-02 11:05:04
You are quite right. If they operate honestly, they can become a centralization risk. If they operate dishonestly, they are a risk to the buyer. It's a good idea to stay away from cloud mining in general (and pre-order scams, as an off-topic plug).
@_date: 2014-12-07 09:51:51
You don't need spidey senses, mundane security practices will do.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:08:46
We need a business directory which people actually actively use to rate and check out ratings. This would also be helpful for businesses that may be erroneously listed.
I don't know what is preventing this currently. There are too many directories, none of which are maintained well enough. Popular ones don't have a decent rating system, probably because it won't work without having some credibility measure for those who do the evaluation.
It all boils down to not having a decent, easy to use, multi-platform web of trust system. Plus, the community would be more eager to adopt a decentralized open source one, which doesn't really exist. Even better would be a system that separates identity knowledge and trust in integrity (i.e. unlike PGP).
OpenBazaar's take on the issue looks very promising, 
@_date: 2014-11-25 16:00:49
But can it be *far* better? WU's costs are mostly made up, if not by WU, then the regulators of respective jurisdictions. The fundamental work done is shifting numbers in a centralized database (some finance people would dispute this, but plenty of others won't), which is far less costly than blockchain transactions.
The advantages of Bitcoin as a transaction mechanism for fiat are very few. It is good for settlement, which makes it easier for different exchange companies to interoperate. Which may give it an edge, but optimal costs of a monolithic setup should still be lower.
All in all, I think Bitcoin based solutions for fiat transfer will always have some limited advantages, if only because it lets competitive entities enter the market easily, but companies like WU can likely retaliate with lower prices and more convenience if threatened.
What they can never match is pure Bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2014-12-04 10:35:27
Thank you, that's the term I was looking for! 10000 bits @_date: 2014-11-19 12:39:17
Not talking about alternatives to sidechains, but alternatives to merged mining. Sorry about the wording, if it wasn't obvious.
Regardless, I was more interested in your answer to the first question, as I agree that the paper does not reveal much to reason about sidechain security.
@_date: 2014-11-19 10:24:00
Why do you think merged mining favors pools? Is it merely because of the additional software the miner needs to install?
@_date: 2014-11-27 13:10:26
DPR's fake hitman was allegedly paid via wire transfer, even if the whole story isn't a lie.
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:47:26
Why do you say people don't want to hear about it? Time and again I see it brought up, and no one seems to be offended. I saw this thread on the front page of the Bitcoin subreddit.
Also, if you have an idea about how to recover the funds, or achieve any progress in finding the guy, I am pretty sure the community would want to hear about it. They probably couldn't care less about people whining to each other though.
@_date: 2014-12-29 12:14:05
The comment is deleted, but I suspect the relevance comes from the fact that some Bitcoin exchanges operate as Ripple gateways, so I'll put my response here.
Ripple is a system for transferring things of value through a trust network. My knowledge is a bit rusty, but gateways are trust nodes that do extra stuff, like running exchanges between assets. I've tried out using it to transfer coins, but at one point they got stuck (a couple BTC) and I wasn't able to recover them.
All in all, better ask one of the Ripple subreddits.
@_date: 2014-12-01 22:35:25
This wasn't about voting at all.
Opt out of the game.
@_date: 2014-12-09 08:08:54
Hey, your post was interesting, but with this answer you put yourself in the "personal insults are a great way to do this" category.
By appearing like a Bitcoin supporter and getting everyone's upvotes, you pretended to represent bitcoiners, and then began willingly giving excuses to otherwise trolls to look like victims. /s
You see, we need to stay calm and unbiased, otherwise they will take over. Go and say something in the political sections of Reddit that is orthogonal to the American rhetoric and you'll understand what I mean.
@_date: 2014-11-19 11:19:16
I think the recent concerns raised were about Bitcoin becoming vulnerable (apparently because of concerns about merged mining). Do you also think it is a real possibility?


The whitepaper feels more like a draft, but I don't think it is completely fixated on merged mining. If it would make a sidechain so blatantly vulnerable, then other experiments would attract more users. Some might decide to experiment with building up computing power the way Bitcoin would have if there was no distribution problem, or come up with more complicated schemes. Worst case, sidechains will have niche use cases and Bitcoin will have another little-utilized opcode.
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:45:22


So you answered your own question.
10 transactions with 1 fee and 1 transaction with 10 fee are equivalent for the miners as a whole, so there cannot be a "natural" push towards a low transaction count (which would make the network less useful, which is their entire business). It doesn't make sense even if there is a cartel or conspiracy.
We assume that no one will take an action which is guaranteed to be bad for them and worse for everyone else.


Why would they do that? Most transfers are fire and forget instant transactions. For others, 10 minutes is already long enough, so it really doesn't matter if it turns out to be longer. I'm sure there are plenty of cases that require more strict timing, but it's a minority, not ALL.
You also miss the fact that this 20% miner actually loses money until this plan prevails.
@_date: 2014-11-17 12:21:44
You could build a distributed off-chain tipping service using multi-sig deposit and some standard protocol to communicate &amp; authenticate transactions (AFAIK OpenTransactions "voting pools" do exactly this).
@_date: 2015-05-04 15:14:08


You are unnecessarily generalizing. If one makes an argument solely on what Bitcoin was "meant for", Satoshi's intentions are relevant.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:08:23
So how much did you donate? For what purpose did you donate? In what manner were you left out of the decision process?
I mean no offense, but I'm quite skeptical about the correlation between donors and accusers, as people haven't been directly referring to their personal donation and relevant exchanges about the issue.
@_date: 2015-05-04 19:26:30
Why do you care? I went to that sub the first time because of your post, has less users than this one even though it's a generic topic.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:46:34
If by telling no one you mean announcing it to the only visible group interested in the tech, and by quickly you mean years, then I'd say it doesn't fit the description of a "premine".
@_date: 2015-05-21 10:00:02
There are just too many unknowns, so collective emotional state plays a large part in this. Some would call it irrationality, but I think it is completely orthogonal (not rational or irrational, more like large scale noise).


Maybe during a very narrow frame of time.
From a wider perspective where the exchange rate is thousands of times higher than when it was first priced, even an order of magnitude can be considered noise.
Bitcoin has scaling issues waiting to be solved, and what ends up as the solutions (and the manner they are attained) will determine a lot about its future.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:56:31
Is there any evidence showing devs could work faster on this? I wouldn't want to see concerned programmers give up the debate just because a bunch of users are wreaking havoc.
In principle, the proper way to help an open-source project move towards a particular goal is to contribute to the effort directly or indirectly.
@_date: 2014-11-19 12:40:36
How did you derive that from my comment? You need to make a case about why they are flawed, otherwise I don't know how to respond.
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:24:15
That would be too complicated.
What I'm talking about is atomic transactions which exchange colored coins (in this case Reddit notes) with BTC. No escrow needed and the exchange rate doesn't need to be fixed. AFAIK existing colored coin marketplaces already support this, and Reddit will only have to integrate the system.
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:23:47
Thanks for taking the time to respond.


It is. Although, I wonder what sort of world you think you are living in. Anyone who don't understand the context won't have any money to invest to begin with. Distasteful, yes, but if this is going to be defined as scamming, the biggest ones are not the finance industry but the consumer electronics sector.


This is a more legitimate concern, IMO. I think it's fair game to shout from the rooftops (e.g. blog posts, news sites, etc.), but using personal relationships or confidence games is a big no. On the other hand, my previous question about efficiency stands.


You mean a slow transition to a situation where fees are dominant? Trauma is probably not an adequate description, but I agree with the worry.
But how do you derive a "no viable roadmap" from this? A viable roadmap is increasing the blocksize while working on Layer 2 protocols. Will it happen? I don't know, but it is there.
@_date: 2015-05-08 08:06:13
I think the last point falls into the "no good enough way to scale up" category. They think it's not worth the risk.


How many of these were readily implementable solutions? He didn't say "we can raise the limit every time we come close to hit it by developer consensus". I'm not saying he didn't have a vision, just that he didn't come up with a solution.
@_date: 2015-05-16 20:46:29
Can they do permanent port forwarding with a dynamic/shared IP?
@_date: 2015-05-27 12:05:44
Monero has very nice features. But I can't help but realize that technical features and economic features are conceptually unrelated.
The way I see it, having many different units for all these different implementations is a problem waiting to be solved. I should be able to move bitcoins to different protocols that satisfy my needs. These protocols should be able to compete without permission from the main Bitcoin protocol.
I understand that this is a huge challenge, but it is the design we need.
This could even support some modifications of economic properties, like demurrage. Fully incompatible economic models would have to have their own coin of course.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:21:15
Looks as if they are describing a meritocracy.


Quite fair I say. The conclusion is also very accurate:


@_date: 2015-05-05 14:57:53
FWIW, the guy didn't say that he wasn't Iranian, just that he doesn't reside in Iran and did not log into the site from Iran. And that he has a Turkish name.
The only interesting part of the story is, they *do* look you up.
It is *not* the fault of Coinbase though, it's a US company and they have to comply.
Maybe it's also important to mention here that all countries have weird policies, but U.S. is the only one that is super anal about this sort of stuff.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:07:13
While the graph is accurate, your question assumes addresses correspond to people. Are there 70 million Bitcoin users with a balance worldwide?
I suspect that those who come up with this sort of evidence think they are justified because they imagine that one person corresponding to many addresses would make the distribution even worse. Of course it is completely the opposite.
I don't think they ignore the fact that richest addresses are the most likely to belong to many people, but they think the above compensates for it.
Not the mention that known Bitcoin rich folk, like Satoshi, fall into the not-so-rich group on the pie chart. He is many many ordinary people.
So your conclusion is double plus wrong, one minus wrong. No one knows how the coins are distributed among individuals, even if it did matter.
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:29:48
There have been times these Buttcoin guys got me thinking, but recently they've gone full retard.
@_date: 2015-05-24 11:52:00


Depends on how you "recognize" it. The ultimate thing that makes a blockchain is a sequence of proofs of work.
A sequence of proofs and relevant meta-data are a requirement for SPV proofs. Therefore side-chains have to be block chains (in the sense described).


Ah, I sort of get what you mean now.
Do we call one-way peg and federated peg "side-chains"? My answer is no and no.
The paper simply says "it is not sufficient for our purposes" for one-way peg.
I think federation is discussed in the paper as a way to provide a testing ground before any changes are made to the Bitcoin protocol, rather than an actual result. It doesn't satisfy the stated primary criterion, trustlessness, since you need real meatspace humans you trust to do the actual pegging.


Two-way trustless pegging. Without nodes individually understanding these proofs, you can't do automated decentralization.
The idea brings about many challenges, and I'm still not perfectly convinced that sidechains will work as expected. However, none of what we talked about is among the actual problems.
As a caveat, I'm just a casual observer. Blockstream developers are very accessible and you can ask them directly if you need an authoritative response.
@_date: 2014-11-27 08:28:52
Sounds too entitled.
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:20:26
In other words, it's always improving.
@_date: 2015-05-23 21:43:48


My definition should be accurate enough to derive the complement.


Yes. From the paper:
"One of the challenges in deploying pegged sidechains is that Bitcoin script is currently not expressive enough to encode the verification rules for an SPV proof. The required expressiveness could be added in a safe, compatible, and highly compartmentalised way(e.g., by converting a no-op instruction into an OP_SIDECHAINPROOFVERIFY in a soft-fork)."


I don't have to but I can, because all of it is written in the paper. It's just not an easy read.


Is this the gist of your scenario? If some miners start rejecting low fee transactions, opportunistic miners will include them for extra money. The more these conspiring miners reject, the higher the incentive is for the remaining miners.


Obviously they will do what gives them the highest amount, which is including as many transactions as they can, sorted by the fees.
What you are describing as the problem (assuming you understand the above), is yet again, cartel behavior. But it is not something new that the fee economy introduces. Actually a plan of monopolizing early block rewards is a better one than trying to fix rates, because the latter can be completely negated even by a minority miner.


The **hashrate** would shrink because of the lack of mining revenue.


You don't gain anything by suppressing transactions. The number of transactions you include has zero relation to your mining expenses.
What are you talking about even? I can give you a more detailed explanation but that sentence makes me think you don't understand the basics.


Or will the hashrate collapse?
What will happen depends on many factors, but *because* of the free market dynamic, you can't end up with high fees that people would not want to pay.
A high fee scenario is probably only possible as a result of the backbone scenario. A low block size limit and many Layer 2 users.
There is no reason for the fees to rise if users are not competing to get into the block, so a low transaction count Bitcoin would not end up with high fees, but instead with low hashrate.
In summary; if there are a lot of users and transactions on the main Bitcoin blockchain and/or merged mined chains, the fees would be low while having a decent hashrate (the amount of which is a discussion worth having, but not at this level).
If there are very few transactions in general, the hashrate and fees would be low.
If there are a lot of transactions on Layer 2 networks that don't include a mechanism to pay miners per transaction, then the fees would be high.
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:10:57
You don't reuse addresses so that people who trade with you can't observe your incoming transactions in real time. You also do it in order to increase the privacy of people who are trading with you.
It is not bullshit, but it doesn't do what you want it to.
I don't doubt that it should be standard behavior. The question is, is it a burden on the user? If so, *something like* stealth addresses should probably be more widely used.
@_date: 2014-12-22 18:15:41


I agree; and also because Bitcoin itself is newsworthy. Although, wasn't responding to this part.


It is still a big selling point of Bitcoin. The narrative was kind of broken, but it has changed after MyBitcoin.com. MtGox collapse came years after that.
As I explained, no one ever claimed that Bitcoin protects you from theft if you give it to someone else.
What has changed is, mainstream media reprogramming allowed masses to retort with "but MtGox", so you can't go very far in explaining the concept of trustless transactions. Maybe it's for the best, if people weren't getting it anyway.
I'm not saying there isn't a problem though. There are too many people promoting Bitcoin for the wrong reasons and think they are helping. There are also too many people who choose to address the brittle rhetoric of these people because it is easy. It's a loud idiots vs. louder idiots thing, quite like what dominates the mainstream on every other subject.
@_date: 2015-05-14 20:37:25


There is a nuance I feel that your sentence is missing, even though the paper is not.
There are as many possible Bitcoin's as there are user preferences. However, having a common one is optimal. Therefore everyone is inclined to find consensus, which, I think the paper is speculating, will result in an open-source style governance. Ultimately, no one can push changes onto anyone who doesn't want to accept the trade-offs.
I honestly think it is a rather weak resemblence of "governance", but maybe it is a lingual constraint. Basically, we would likely let developers do their job, and that's fine because anyone can become a developer. If a group of developers lose that property, they are likely going to be abandoned.
@_date: 2015-05-16 19:18:58


Maybe a bit tangential but, why are you creating multiple accounts and pretending to be different people?
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:29:52
Item 1 is a bit weird. ToS would only give a false sense of security and privacy. Personal integrity and competence of company officers are pretty much the only thing that's relevant.
I went to the article hoping to read something about multi-sig voting pools or some such to ensure safe off-chain transactions and enable transparent public audits, and what I saw is a suggestion to make "strong guarantees" using better articulated promises.
@_date: 2015-05-05 09:15:52
Do you think unbanked people in Uganda are all peasants, or are you only talking about peasants?
I remember reading some intelligent comments from you some time ago, but now it's all complete shit. What gives?
@_date: 2015-05-09 13:08:20
You're right, my criticism boils down to what's already known.
The "sweet spot" starts off with high fees and small blocks and accelerates towards low fees and large blocks.
@_date: 2015-05-22 07:53:23


Umm, the fact that the exchange rate can go to zero at a future point is an accepted common ground for "bitcoiners", including It is far from a consensus, but you just can't have missed the continuous warnings.
It was "realized" far before the professor even heard about it.
Consider the below two statements:
* Bitcoin's exchange rate has the potential to go down to zero.
* One bitcoin will trade for $2000 by the end of this year.
See the difference?
Bottomline is, professor did try to assert his confidence in order to steer people into some investment behavior and failed. Claiming to be able to make extrapolations without an x coordinate just to save his ass makes you look equally dishonest.
You could say that the guesses some Bitcoin advocates made were just as misleading. Which I would agree actually.
Anyway, I don't understand why you guys obsess about the exchange rate so much. I don't see any reason why it won't be all over the place, even if it will end up zero or a bazillion space bucks a piece.
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:47:53
Can you spend USD in the third world country you live in?
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:03:59
Why wouldn't I do something for the good of all? I'm sincerely interested. Even if I try to restrict libertarianism to the group of (false) dichotomies I see here (which apparently is a requirement for Americans to categorize something), I still don't get it.
There are thousands of Bitcoin nodes, and it never takes more than a couple of seconds for my transactions to propagate, so I'm interested in sources of your second claim as well.
@_date: 2015-05-18 09:36:00
As I attempted to describe (half-asleep) in the parallel comment, many addresses corresponding to one person also makes the distribution more balanced (by dramadically reducing the number of "poor" people).
Since that list has 150 times more Bitcoin users than there really are, it is impossible to derive what the actual distribution is from it. I'm not saying the distribution is more homogenous, but this is not even guesswork.
@_date: 2015-05-25 12:18:46


That is what Script is. Although very limited, transactions contain programs that can be executed.
As far as I can recall, Script was about to be turned into a Turing complete programming language, which would make it more "programmable", but "better safe than sorry" was the decision at that time. Ethereum is pursuing that goal now.
What Script can do will increase in time, but I think they will be more like Bitcoin features than programmability features.


I can imagine use cases for this, but they are better handled by a different layer.
@_date: 2015-05-06 12:25:35


Why don't you ask for a receipt when you send Bitcoin? What's the difference in your mind?
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:02:28


My accountant told me "Euro" is the correct plural. Weird.
Oh my god Wikipedia has a whole article dedicated to this:
@_date: 2014-11-14 20:52:31
Sorry I deleted my comment (it was basically criticizing the solution for being "custodial") to move it below your other response, but apparently there is no need. Thanks for the explanation, will read in more detail.
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:37:10
Same goes for drug dealers though. Difference is, they tend to be amateurish and they scam when convenient. SR may have fixed these problems to *some* degree.
However, I don't think any of this (neither war on drugs nor those against it) is based on the overall harm done (although I'm pretty sure war on drugs wins).
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:14:59
I never said sidechain meant merged mined blockchain. Here is the definition I made:


You can merge mine sidechains, but it's not a requirement.
@_date: 2015-05-23 07:36:26
For starters, I don't think yours is a proper attitude towards engineering problems.


If there is a better network to move micro-transactions to, it means transactions on the backbone will become more expensive. It seems natural to me. You still do the final settlements on Bitcoin, so there still needs to be a lot of traffic there as well.
For sidechains specifically, miners will still charge fees (correct me if I'm missing a detail here). You can put all merged mined sidechains and Bitcoin fees in one pool while matching against mining expenses. We are yet to see if merge mined sidechains will work, but if they do, they operate against your concern.


No. If there is, it is going to turn out ridiculously wrong.


If there is always a multitude of other buses where the passenger can ride, what is the problem? This is THE trivial property, you should have addressed this while asking the question.
@_date: 2014-12-10 12:46:45
Shouldn't it be the contrary? Since it is not blockchain-based, it *would* need a block-chain based solution to help on that front.
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:39:19
It's rather complex.
To maybe over-simplify, you could say that Bitcoin users decide which tools and services (e.g. exchanges, payment gateways, wallet software, etc.) to use.
For instance, if Mycelium Wallet all of a sudden decided to run a sir_lanka node, effectively changing my currency to one with limitless issuance and separating me from the rest of the Bitcoin network, I would just stop using them.
Same goes for even the core Bitcoin nodes. There are multiple competing node implementations. But even without them, if the core developers went nuts, it is quite certain that node operators would immediately consider other program repositories as authoritative.
To go a bit deeper, ultimately those who run Bitcoin nodes decide whether to adopt new rules. Some of these nodes are also miners, who dedicate computing power to the network, and their incentives are a bit different.
None of these *have* to correlate with "holding" Bitcoin of course, but since Bitcoin holders have a stake in the game, they are more inclined to be involved with all this (running nodes, programming, funding developers, funding companies, etc.). Plus, services have more incentive to attract Bitcoin holders. Again, if some Bitcoin exchange switches to sir_lanka_BTC, it's fairly certain that they would immediately collapse.
This isn't to say that some rule changes can't survive without consensus. For instance, someone proposed a version of Ethereum which would boot up with Bitcoin's blockchain history, giving those who already hold Bitcoin a stake in the new chain. With enough user support, such a werebeast can live alongside both Bitcoin and Ethereum.
@_date: 2015-05-02 11:12:48
Sorry for the late reply, but this got me thinking.
Even if you don't need to censor high priority transactions, you still need to compete against the cumulative priority of ordinary transactions. Even with a large stash, your censorship powers would be severely limited.
I think it's a decent solution for what it is for (avoid total annihilation while working against the attack), but of course it does not *prevent* the attack.
edit: Come to think of it, it also gives large players a one-shot ability to counter the attack.
@_date: 2015-05-10 19:47:55


It is improbable in the short run, but why *irrational*? It is perfectly rational to take into account what might happen with the men with guns.
I'm a tiny little guy, and even I try to invest in politically divergent jurisdictions, because, who knows? I can even bet that at least one of them will completely collapse within the lifetime of my children, and USA does not have a special place in this reasoning.
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:37:18
Not a good idea.
* Most things open source are ready when they are. This is one of the reasons it works.
* The timings will never coincide, so if you want to change many things at once, some will be delayed more than necessary, and some things will be rushed.
* None of these will coincide with a pre-set interval. In all likelihood, *most* hard forks that will ever happen will be in emergency circumstances.
* Effects interact, feedback is very difficult to analyze, etc. Changing more than one thing at once is very, very dangerous for the system.
Alternative proposal:
* Change a single thing at a time, after rigorous testing.
* Put things in effect only when they are necessary and sufficient. Not later, not sooner.
* Accept that this process will be painful and move on from there.
@_date: 2015-05-04 19:35:14
Of course it is discrimination, but it is pretty much the norm at this point. Half of what I saw on their front page was about Warren Buffet. I don't know what you're expecting, but I'm surprised that you think what they think is remotely important.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:55:59
No, he does address your question. It's a multifaceted debate, not only about how much you pay the miners. It's better to just RTFA and ask questions in proper perspective. It's impossible to start the debate from scratch every time.
Regarding Satoshi, as Mr. Mari0 said, the limit was a stop gap measure against spam.
As for the generic question, I like the Lightning network proposal and reducing the custodial risk using something like OpenTransactions for off-chain transactions. But they are not already functional and widespread, it will take years for them to be good enough for the casual end user, and even then the block size of 1M will have to be raised.
@_date: 2014-11-19 11:37:06
Merged mining doesn't cause anything even close to such an overhead. Do you have an excerpt?
Actually, if you assume the sidechains idea will be successful, you will only run the ones you are interested in, reducing the amount of data you need to preserve (compared to all transactions happening on the main chain).
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:28:46
The thing is, an external chain doesn't decrease the overall amount of data stored or transmitted, and has other issues like having to deal with a different money supply (e.g. risk of centralized conversion if a better method isn't implemented), other software, a separate network, etc. Increasing the Bitcoin block size in an uninspired manner (e.g. by a constant factor every year) is still better than all that.
However, while having different chains don't reduce the overall amount of data, node operators can focus on the ones they are interested in, dividing the load. This is quite similar to tree chain and side chain proposals I suppose, with the downside of dilution of supply and upside of being readily available.
@_date: 2015-05-05 11:10:15
I was wondering about that as well. As far as I can recall, there was a competitor using a dot matrix solution instead. Whatever happened to it?
@_date: 2015-05-21 20:12:42
I guess the sheer amount of concern trolling here put everyone a bit on edge.
Yes, I have made thousands of Bitcoin transactions just fine. I also continue relying on instant transactions on a daily basis.
Bitcoin *will* change, though. Maybe tomorrow a good enough adaptive algorithm for block size will emerge, but it will change the fee dynamic. Maybe it will be a very good trade-off and we all will accept the change. Maybe Lightning networks will not work as expected. Maybe something else will come up. So on and so forth... These are all scaling issues that need to be solved in order for us to move on.
As always, the number of "maybe"s that are behind us will increase, which will determine what Bitcoin will be like, and the new questions. We share the conviction, but it is not synonymous with solution.
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:48:22
What sort of heuristic do you propose for retargeting?
@_date: 2015-05-29 15:25:36
By far the biggest threat for my children is totalitarianism.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:30:27
Check out my comment. Mining pools and cloud mining have different dynamics, and deserve separate treatment.
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:37:36
You should admire the honesty, though.
There is so much FUD around that makes me believe most of these people are just misinformed and would change their minds when introduced properly.
For instance, I didn't know Bitcoin was bad because Varoufakis supported it ([article]( linked in comments):


@_date: 2014-12-26 21:46:33
Only Platonically. ;)
@_date: 2015-05-02 19:59:35
Since you actually spent the time to write that wall of text, I'd like to share a couple of thoughts.
We have a large spectrum of hate here. From philosophically ignorant libertarians to normalcy fetishists, the subject matter attracts repressed types of all flavor. Add to that, there are no barriers of entry to this forum, populism is rewarded by votes and the shittiest personalities are more likely to have multiple accounts.
Given this, I think the most sane move is to decide who you engage in. That's pretty much it.
The most insane move would be completely limiting your involvement to the things you don't like, spend hours on end on it every day and claim that you get rewarded by comedy gold. Especially because this pattern is what sustains the things you don't like.


So which came first? Pumpers? Trolls? Scammers? I began following Bitcoin forums about 5 years ago; in my perception these are all the same sort of people and they gradually moved into dominance. They reflect each other, see each other as equals, therefore almost exclusively engage with each other. I guess I'm partial towards trolls appearing first though.






The first one is more scientific obviously. However, that doesn't mean that your question is not a demagogy.


I would think that it is 163,000 people interested in the tech AND politics who are driven away by retards quarreling around a handful of uninteresting points for years.
In summary, yes I sense the duty to respond when someone writes something clueless towards the defense of a stupid idea just because it's pro-bitcoin, but then I back away from the computer when an equal number of even more clueless people move in for the purpose of extracting comedy gold.
And then there is concern trolling, but I already used up all my ranting time.
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:28:01
Quite right. Then again, I don't see people crying because they invested in scams. More like others using their failures as an argument against freedom of access.
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:08:19
The limit itself is a measure against DoS. Elastic algorithms can be stretched using the same spamming techniques that would be used for DoS. 
There may be orthogonal benefits or mitigating factors though, so it's better to come up with an algorithm first and discuss its merits later.
@_date: 2015-05-08 00:13:29
If there were an apparent solution in Satoshi's mind, he would have implemented it.
It's not a belief or vision thing. The debate is not about whether Bitcoin *should* scale up, but rather the best way to do it (or whether there is a good enough way). There are just too many unknowns, *most* of which are social in nature.


I could choose between arguments (preferably formalized as code), and I have that opportunity with Bitcoin. If I were inclined to blindly trust particular people, I probably would not favor Bitcoin over other systems to begin with. I hope it makes sense.
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:14:35
There is also a lot of talk about "blockchains" in the finance circles, so it's not just a facade. While puzzled at first, I came to realize that the motivation is political. I don't think they know how they are going to leverage the technology, but what they do know for sure is that they will need to distance whatever they do with it from the fact that it came from outside their ideological structure.
Of course, all of these potential use cases were already talking points way back when, for everyone to read on the public forums. Another important fact is, Satoshi did want to avoid blockchain pollution and came up with the idea of merged mining. Probably accidentally, because he never envisagated.
I think these developments are mostly harmless though. Bitcoin won't change how these people think. As long as I can transact without a trusted intermediary, they can use whatever system they like.
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:06:26
I don't think this knowledge/argument alone can save us.
There is enough inertia to maintain a decent welfare situation for quite a while (and an international political landscape which is getting very uniform). During this era, people will ridicule the argument, point out perversions of the terrorist sympathizers' logic, praise merits of rational decision making, etc. While spiraling down to hell, the meaning of words would have changed so much that they won't be able to figure out what's wrong even if they have access to historical records.


It's at least something you can be a part of while watching all this unfold. Bitcoin is the foremost thing in my "could be of use" list, which admittedly doesn't contain many items.
*(Although, totalitarianism and communism are orthogonal concepts. Equating them might also mislead people into following reactionary leaders into the same fate. Fascists did exactly this.)*
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:13:07


I don't think it matters. Miners' *total income* determines the hashrate, not the *average fee*.


True, but is it rational for the 20% miner?
Let's say the users will pay higher fees because their transactions may coincide with the greedy miner. 80% of these high fees and ALL the low fee transactions go to other miners. You get the idea.
So, the conclusion in your last paragraph is wrong.
@_date: 2015-05-10 23:33:17
Most coins spent on airline tickets and hotel bookings. Second place is electronics (and similar "import" stuff) shopping online.
Looking at my wallet, most frequent are small stuff, like Reddit gold, mobile top-ups or donations/tips. Second place is person to person payments (between friends, services of people I know, etc.).
Also the occasional online "impulse shopping", like foodstuffs, etc. If Bitcoin is offered as an option, I do use it.
Surprising to me, digital services seem to be a minute portion of all of this, even though I pay all of them in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:41:16
Maybe you were too optimistic to begin with?
The most positive thing I'm observing is, it doesn't look like we can advance without coming close to consensus. This is the most important assumption we should be able to make, even if no one can manage to change anything (which would be bad, but not as bad as politics taking over).
It is going to be good to have orders of magnitude more transactions on the Bitcoin network, but I don't think the project will just die if it's not rushed. At worst, we shall suffer some extra mainstream media and buttcoin FUD.
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:02:07
They *are* long-time Bitcoin core developers.
Changes required is not something that affects Bitcoin, but rather allow anyone to create a sidechain.
The biggest concern people are having is the sidechains might not be secure enough. That is something we will have to wait and see I suppose.
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:47:00
Yes, the wallets will independently be in synchronization without any configuration whatsoever.
You can sync labels by activating the label sync plug-in.
@_date: 2015-05-10 10:48:27
I'm all for increasing the limits, but it's important not to be dismissive. I agree with all your points except 4.


We may be living in a world where power is very consolidated. In that case there won't be several different attackers on the way up, but only great ones. Maybe Bitcoin is not even on their radar yet. Maybe it's a better political strategy to engineer a colossal failure out of it.


If we can rely on fees, why have a size limit at all? But the attacker can also be a miner, in which case they won't pay fees. Also, some changes in the protocol (e.g. a badly thought of dynamic limit) might increase the efficiency of such attacks.
@_date: 2015-05-28 06:18:26
Sorry, I fell asleep.
Primary problem that can't be fixed by one-size-fits-all solutions is about normativity. The survival of values depend on perpetuation, and regardless of what sort of democracy you have, you must have a facility to have values enforced, which will be used by the majority against the minorities. To survive (as opposed to assimilate), minorities need to become hidden rulers, the "elite".
The more technical problem is, to have a wise crowd, you need diversity and a way to convert the diversity of opinion into a common decision. The majority "vote" is the biggest group that is not too diverse, and the process of voting itself does not determine or even add anything to the decision. Representative democracy exacerbates this by causing even more homogeneity.
One could suggest direct democracy (majority per decision) as a solution to homogenization, which in turn lacks impulse control and coherence representative democracy brings. You can easily observe a range of techniques used to steer majority opinion here in and would observe nothing else if the majority opinion had any authority.
Admittedly, I can't say it won't work in any circumstances since there aren't many examples, so I concede that direct democracy could work in groups that can deliberate with discipline ("handful of countries", is my guess).
I guess it is also possible to imagine systems that combine opinions into decisions, but these are sci-fi for now and won't fix the primary issue.
I'll get back to my conclusion after a short break.
@_date: 2015-05-02 23:12:19


According to the video, they were able to confiscate the money without due process and potentially even without the person's knowledge.
This technically can't happen with Bitcoin. They can ask for the money, and you could ask for a court order. IANAL, but am I missing something?
@_date: 2015-05-09 17:20:39




I'm sure these "Bitcoiners" are pretty stupid if they think the protocol is perfect. The Bitcoin protocol has changed quite a bit since its inception, and it will continue to change.
I however read this sub and other forums all the time, but don't come across *this sort of* stupidity very often. (Not to say that most of the things uttered here are not silly.)


What you are reading is why Bitcoin doesn't have "problems". No one is forcing changes onto the network through authority or force, arguments are not drowned by political rhetoric and users are spending an effort to join in the debate (even though most of us are a bit misinformed/misguided).
What would you consider healthy? Serious question.


Are you talking about block time or block size?
If you heard people say block size is not an issue, that probably means they think it can be made to scale.
If you heard people say block time is not an issue, that probably means they think lowering it will cause more problems than it solves AND there are better solutions.
@_date: 2015-05-04 09:46:24
Yes, I think we are using "hard fork" to mean "a change that can potentially cause a hard fork".
Otherwise it's not really clear when the hard fork happens. Certainly not when the patch is applied, but also not when the change is activated. Somebody needs to produce an incompatible block for us to call it a hard fork, even conceptually. So it seems event based after all. Then I'd really wait for an actual fork to call it a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:16:19
It is one of the reasons, and you are fully aware of that. You also know that it is not the reason the person you responded to got voted up. Claiming some companies that have failed are the governance of Bitcoin doesn't even make enough sense to be absurd.
Regarding price, Bitcoin is more volatile than any fiat currency, I think everyone accepts this. However, its value started from absolute 0 (which is why the previous sentence is true). So it's not surprising that fewer timeframes correspond to a decline in price.
Although I also find it unfortunate that there are far too many people here who downvote anything they disagree with, since we are already off-topic, can you also tell me what is the purpose of creating a new account every few days or per topic for trolling Bitcoin? Is there a negative karma limit that makes people invisible? How many Reddit accounts do you have? Do you also subscribe/unsubscribe? How many people do you think is doing the same? Serious questions.
@_date: 2014-12-05 08:57:27
It is supposed to be a better solution but I honestly don't know much about Nepal. You will likely be one of the first people doing this, so I'd work on it only if the donated amount is enough to justify your efforts.
@_date: 2015-05-05 09:10:03
If there are no transactions, what do they even know about you? Do you think they discriminate based on your name?
Either way I suspect they get this sort of info from some government "service".
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:58:59
It's a series of blog posts to help with the debate. You can formulate your own arguments for or against it.
@_date: 2015-05-07 09:57:51
Yes. If it's the best choice, why not?
@_date: 2015-05-09 13:10:10
Yes, it's the same situation, but you will get the extra benefit of a decreased difficulty.
@_date: 2014-11-14 20:07:21
That reflects my perception of the issue. Also, the efficiency of doing things your way is just too attractive if you consider yourself an honest person and it might feel unfair to be scrutinized. Of course it is also an indefensible position if you are receiving donations from others.
The failure here is, not making use of the tools that are at least seemingly in disposal from the very beginning. It shouldn't be that hard to arrange treasurers, collect the money in a multi-sig address and keep a signed log of all expenses. Although, I wouldn't know whether that sort of transparency itself would cause unforeseen regulatory troubles.
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:10:18


I only dream of a world where critics don't finish their reasonably stated opinions with an ugly boner to ruin it all, and then go on to complain about others not tolerating skepticism.
@_date: 2015-05-21 08:01:58


You. ;) It's still a prediction, not an actuality.
Not too long ago, BTC was the best thing ever. Now the blockchain (which is actually a very dumb sort of database). These "new and exciting" revelations will reoccur as Bitcoin is better understood.
@_date: 2014-12-02 11:20:38
The chart shown and percentages mentioned in the article are mining pools. Cloud mining operations can join those pools, mine solo or run their own pools.
Last time I checked the total "claimed" hashing power of cloud mining operations weren't at dangerous levels, but I'm not an active miner, so it's best to maybe ask Would love to see a decent analysis.
Found this regarding their legitimacy though: 
@_date: 2015-01-31 13:37:21


But Bitcoin is not a closed economic simulation. Early Bitcoin adopters getting rich does not conform with the rule of rich getting richer, it is in direct conflict with it.
It is either an exception to the rule, a redistribution so to speak, or bitcoins will inevitably flow into the hands of already rich who can take the risk of holding them.
The former case is intriguing and the consequences would be very different than the "same old". Even the fact that it is possible makes many other things possible, and I'm not talking as things as unimaginative as altcoins.
Being a pessimist, the latter case (actual rich getting richer) is what I think is happening or will happen anyways, but then it's not worth focusing on. Early adopters gaining some wealth will be an interesting but insignificant part of history.
@_date: 2015-05-08 19:21:27
I bet no one really claimed it was impossible.


Difficulty is based on the average time to produce a block in order to statistically converge to a constant. So there *is* a constant limit that determines difficulty. Mapping the same algorithm to transactions would result in something based on average fees to converge to a constant block size. Otherwise, I don't see how the two are similar.
Ultimately, the heuristics you use will have to define some norms that are currently not determined.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:29:18
That would further confuse honestly interested people. Plus, trolls crave that sort of attention. I can't propose any other solution than letting it be though. Some people will see past the FUD, so it functions like a filter. :-)
@_date: 2015-01-28 14:30:24
Not if they are nearly exact clones. There are hundreds of blockchains, and if you think it's healthy to have a handful of big ones, it is desirable to have the most diverse feature set and codebase as possible.
@_date: 2015-01-30 09:53:59


For me, certainly not. I have tried chargebacks twice in my life, one with PayPal ($10) and one with Visa ($200). The Visa one didn't work, Paypal did. So overall, I saved my $10, for the cost of thousands of dollars so far.
Still, the option is desirable when dealing with someone you don't trust. Reversible transactions are easy and cheap to implement with Bitcoin. The problem is, you need to keep the funds stationary for some period, and volatility doesn't help. Another chicken and egg problem.
@_date: 2015-01-15 08:59:08
There is no difference in terms of network security. The so-called 51% attack is equally applicable.
Whether there will be a smaller number of miners is not really clear. In a few decades if there is still justification for Bitcoin to exist, it will either carry a small number of important transactions (i.e. higher fees per transaction) or several orders of magnitude higher number of transactions (i.e. higher total fees).
Then again, who's to say what will happen in decades? My bet would be the invention of hybrid systems that will gradually replace proof-of-work.
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:28:52
Raising children is ridiculously expensive, especially if you don't want to shut yourself off to the outside world until they are grown up. "A decent environment" can cost you changing your life entirely and sometimes uncanny amounts of money for schooling depending on where you are.
Inheritance is a nice touch, but I agree that it's not essential.
@_date: 2015-01-12 07:52:03
Yet, this won't make people complain about fiat being dangerous. The situation is mostly political (and judging by how votes worked in this thread, emotional).
Bitcoin increases people's access, so they will do things they are normally unable to while being nannied. It is as if everyone got rich all of a sudden and lost their money because they don't know how to be rich. Then, even if they face their losses maturely, others will use their case to argue against Bitcoin, even though the problem is underdeveloped common sense and lack of tradition.
Telling people to stay away does not sound like the worst tactic, but unfortunately it will not help with sensationalist headlines nor opportunistic behavior of pro-control "critics". The best you can do is get what you can out of Bitcoin in terms of functionality and stop worrying about politics.
@_date: 2015-01-08 14:55:03
Don't know why you are voted down, but this is similar to what Wales had said about introducing Bitcoin on the donation page. Too many payment options lead to less donations.
@_date: 2015-01-18 15:46:10
You created a brand new Reddit account solely to talk about Bitcoin, and you have more activity than most of the active members of this subreddit. Assuming this is your only account created for this purpose.
And those who think positively about Bitcoin are "excessive". Right...
@_date: 2015-01-26 21:31:53


I don't get the connection between the Bitstamp theft and POS systems. Isn't this analogous to not using Paypal because a bank got robbed?


It usually takes half a second or so for the transactions to propagate. However I agree that it's a different logic than other payment systems.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:06:12
No, I'm talking about fees, assuming the cost is ultimately reflected to me and estimating around a couple hundred thousand spent overall (not very fond of credit cards). Correct me if I'm misjudging the situation.
@_date: 2015-01-20 08:58:00
No I actually saw people complain about using "large numbers" for daily purchases. I'd say it's a first world thing, but then you'd have to exclude parts of it that has been exposed to fantastic amounts of inflation as well.
@_date: 2015-01-29 10:17:37


Yeah, this is not acceptable. Security risk or not, modified alternatives should be allowed. That is supposed to be why we were paying "extra" for the development.
@_date: 2015-01-29 11:03:22
It's not all black and white you know. I think they can stay with a less restrictive license, e.g. allow non-commercial distributions. Neither will stop Chinese knock-offs anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-29 18:53:33
Most of my income is in bitcoins and fortunately I can pay a considerable portion of my expenses directly with Bitcoin. Traveling, electronics, hosting, etc. I wish I could pay, say school bills, in Bitcoin but it's not currently an option (though haven't checked bitwa.la yet).
However, I'm not sure how helpful it is for me to personally spend them this way. I think a better way to help the economy grow is to join in and help shape the social experiment. Without that, we are missing most of the utility.
@_date: 2015-01-23 10:14:42










-- Rumi
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:18:05
This is in the gambling forum and calling itself a Ponzi, so I don't think it qualifies as a scam (nor a real Ponzi scheme) as long as it functions as advertised.
As always, depositing money to an entity you have no reason to trust is a bad idea by itself.
Gambling doesn't make sense to me, but some people like its thrill. If you are gambling in order to make money, it proves that you are not qualified to handle money to begin with.
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:03:35
I think the logic is that they *could*. The payment protocol should automate most of these, but integration and adoption is quite low for some reason (probably because too few people are working on building useful stuff).
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:46:36
Maybe not. But I find that people are exaggerating the extent it matters.
You are either solving a problem in a way that users would like, or not. If you achieve that, and the "maintainers" can't shift the opinion with sensible arguments, users will switch to other "maintainers". Of course there are political hierarchies that I'm ignoring here (e.g. the opinion of a big payment processor or a popular mining pool can be more important than a mere consumer), but I hope you get the point.
This is not a deflection of blame though. You can blame any group of developers for their lack of merit, and *this may help* to a degree. Competition, on the other hand, is the actual solution.
@_date: 2015-01-29 11:10:10
I don't think so. Let's say I don't like the UI flow of Trezor, and modified a few lines (ask PIN differently, etc.). I can't share the modified version now. Am I missing something?
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:02:55
I think you misunderstand my target of criticism.
Responding and correcting bad investment advice is a good thing to do.
Posting walls of nonsensical text to ridicule a group of people in an obscure way is a bad thing to do.
Brigading is bad as well, regardless of how right you think you are.
You just add to the hostility and overwhelm sane discourse.
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:14:54
For the lazy: 
How come is this topic on the front page within minutes? Why does it have so many question marks?
@_date: 2015-01-25 10:14:44
You already said it. It's a trade-off between additional exposure through bitcoin.org and having to conform with some set of rules. I'm sure if they didn't have to follow government regulations either, they wouldn't.
There is also the possibility of a future clash between demands of the government and guidance of security experts, which would result badly for Circle. Better cut ties with independent experts sooner rather than later. Which also means I wouldn't touch them with a ten-foot pole.
@_date: 2015-01-18 10:33:03
* Yeah, I find online Bitcoin payments many times easier than any other method. Payment effort/time is comparable to Paypal, but some sites I use introduce additional delays for Paypal to fight fraud. If it is not time delay, then you have to fill in personal information, etc. which is a waste of time. No need for any of it when chargeback fraud is not an issue.
* Volatility doesn't bother me, but let's not ignore that it is a major problem for the consumer. I don't expect sensible levels of consumer adoption before it is deemed stable enough, which will take years.
* Optional multi-sig arbitration is definitely a far better and cheaper dispute resolution mechanism, but volatility is preventing its widespread adoption. You can't do the same for fiat (currently commonly used to counteract Bitcoin volatility), which naturally depends on single points of failure.
* I agree that there are inherent incentives. Not having to ask for anyone's permission is a bliss and *you can't buy it with money*.
* I agree that the risk of theft is not a huge problem by itself, but it adds to people being cautious about beginning to use it, which is smart.
@_date: 2015-01-22 20:10:42
I don't think so. I don't know where you are basing that information on, but I have been asked several times by various governments to prove ownership of money through bank statements, and no other option was present. In some places, you are required by law to make transfers above a certain amount through banks. You are not allowed to carry physical wealth across borders above a certain amount. In some places, some sort of contracts (e.g. rental) requires bank transfers even if contracts themselves don't require it. So on and so forth...
You could in theory live without storing your wealth in entities that have bestowed authority over it, but what you can do with your life will be limited (of course, it all depends on where and how you live).
No such thing is currently true for Coinbase, and Bitcoin's design makes it quite unlikely. You may gain some perks for using it, but it's not really the same thing.
@_date: 2015-01-17 20:40:31
No different than making opensource a lifestyle. I think what's common is the fact that these are usually hypothetical imperatives. You need to experiment/use/support the model/technology if you want it to succeed, but success itself serves a different ideal for everyone.
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:33:04
Judging by OP's comment history, this looks more like a buttcoiner troll bait.
@_date: 2015-01-22 09:03:49
What a good incentive to find solutions that benefit everyone.
@_date: 2015-01-19 14:04:59
The simplest answer is, the issued coins should not devalue the existing coins "in theory", since their issue is already pre-determined. Even if the market somehow doesn't take this fact into account (maybe because some people think miners won't exchange?), it doesn't make block reward a subsidy.
However, the mechanism itself has to do with the fact that we want coin distribution to be immutable and predictable. We also don't know how adoption will happen.
Considering these, the best way to achieve high security soon is to distribute the coins the earlier miners. But it's also desirable to achieve some degree of diversity. So Satoshi came up with the curve that halves block reward every 4 years.
The idea is to have sufficient security with a low number of transactions, and slowly replace the cost of security paid through issuance with transaction fees. We are currently watching this in action. It's hard to tell, but it seems to be going as planned, even though I suspect that the price bubble affected the process negatively (i.e. the network became "too secure").
@_date: 2015-01-18 11:51:39


Trezor is a secure computer that can sign transactions. I think you're comparing apples and oranges there.
If you want to securely spend your paper wallets, you still need something analogous to Trezor.
If you don't need that sort of security (environment already secure, amounts are always small, etc.) then you might not need that solution. But it is something completely different.
As for BIP32 / BIP38, it is yet another level of apples and oranges. As far as I can tell, you can even use both. It makes a lot of sense even, since change is problematic for singular keys.
Maybe on a deeper level, you might compare Trezor's encryption with BIP38, or whether generating different wallets from the same seed using different passwords constitute putting your eggs in one basket. :-)
P.S. It's important to note here that a Trezor seed is useless if you don't have the password, unlike an Electrum seed.
@_date: 2015-01-16 14:33:48
Not to be pedantic, but ECDSA is a signature algorithm. Wallets use symmetric encryption (such as AES).
@_date: 2015-01-15 11:42:55
But how can I be among the "select few" if I can select myself?
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:05:06
Well, Trezor is not American. :-)
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:21:35
FWIW, I'm using [ssss]( under Linux which comes with most distros, so never checked for other platforms. There are some listed in the [Wikipedia page]( As mentioned earlier, one needs to run these on a computer that will never go online (I use a Raspberry Pi with a read only setup).
With `ssss-split` / `ssss-combine` you can process any binary data, but you need to convert it to hex first (e.g. using `xxd -p`).
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:22:34
Why not 100%? What makes you doubt?
@_date: 2015-01-12 08:55:56


I share the same issues with the same crazy minority here.


It's not so funny if a considerable portion of a discussion I'm interested in is satire towards something I find completely uninteresting. Before I got involved in forums with heavy American bias, libertarian meant something quite equivalent to communism to me. Your definitions of these concepts and the axes of discourse you obsess about are very dull, and your wording is usually offensive ("bitcoiners this, bitcoinists that, ...").


Group of people dedicating a considerable amount of their time to "electronically lauging at" other people who are a less smart minority. Wouldn't it make more sense to instead correct mistakes, overwhelm empty rhetoric with decent information and actually "run things", instead of reinforcing the positions of these supposed "select few" by spending all your effort into creating your own cave?
@_date: 2015-01-19 10:27:09


It is there, but hard to see under the pile of superficial nonsense.


You need to conform in order to take office. You won't change anything that way.
@_date: 2015-01-27 12:49:16


In what way does the DPR case involve surveillance through the blockchain?
Also, you are wrong about the "easier than ever" thing, if we are talking about mass surveillance by the State. They already have proven names attached to every single transaction, so I don't think you can get better than that. Bitcoin transactions are pseudonymous. While you can gather some general statistics and can control some end points (like regulated exchanges), most of what's out there will always remain opaque.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:48:25


Depends on what you mean by efficiency.
In the fiat ("trust") world, a trusted third party has to be a custodian. This brings in additional risks, which can only be reduced by additional regulation, which is costly. And not only users bear that cost.
On top of that, it can be censored, which empowers incumbent political establishment. Which makes the solution even worse if we are talking about already unstable regions. The fact that these technologies are partly controlled by the rich West is not good either (to say the least).
Bitcoin 2-of-3 transactions with an arbiter who is an optional requirement solves every one of those problems.
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:40:40
"Deserve to be trolled". Like you are punishing an individual. No sir, you are reciprocally feeding each other. Both attitudes are cancerous to this forum.
@_date: 2015-01-18 23:43:49
What means is, exchange value is not established through the work done to produce an item. This is quite obvious, and LTV doesn't deny this fact, but tries to rather negate it.
You are right in that you won't be able to find a mention of electricity in there, but since labour theories of value traditionally attempted to throw metaphysics out the window, they fail miserably at what constitutes labour anyway.
However the core principle is still there. If there is no demand, your coins will be worthless regardless of how much effort/time/electricity you spent to produce them.
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:22:33
How so?


Can you give me a link to something *else* they are saying?
@_date: 2015-01-24 12:40:14
In some countries, you can hear the elected politicians explicitly say that they want to make it harder to deal with cash (to hinder tax evasion, terrorism funding, etc.). In other countries it doesn't sound politically pleasant, so they sell it differently. It seems anglophones here tend to live in the latter type of echo chamber, so you have been voted down for being a conspiracy theorist. :-)
@_date: 2015-01-14 14:14:08
Of course, but it is not currently automated. Since it can't be done with pen and paper, you would need to place the secret in its complete form on a general purpose computer, which arguably defeats the purpose of a "fool-proof" dedicated computer.
AFAIK Mycelium Entropy will support ssss. Maybe having Entropy generate the Trezor seed might be possible.
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:41:11
Not in all cases, for sure. Then again, beyond a certain threshold, the need for foreign exchange might begin to diminish.
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:17:59
Don't count on my searching skills, but it does seem open source.
@_date: 2015-01-15 08:30:09
To further the analogy, if the cars are able to travel with higher velocity, you'll need a lower number of lanes to transfer the same amount of load.
So the unit value is a function of velocity of circulation, total transacted real value and number of units in circulation.
@_date: 2015-01-27 11:00:22
Last time I seriously checked out Litecoin, it was "GPU resistant".
@_date: 2015-05-18 11:27:22
Good analogy.
Although, there are roughly 10^19 grains of sand on Earth. If every star in the observable universe had one thousand Earth-like planets revolving around each of them, the total number of sand grains would be closer to the number of possible Bitcoin addresses.
@_date: 2015-01-25 08:36:11
ATM and fake mustache?
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:59:37
Sure, but we are talking about "mass surveillance". Bitcoin is, for instance, more susceptible to privacy intrusions by a merchant than credit cards are. However, the information is volunteered at specific points and is not part of the transaction mechanism. Wallets have a long way to go in terms of privacy for sure, especially to protect the ordinary user, but there are plenty of options out there for the specifically privacy conscious user.
@_date: 2015-05-06 10:01:35
Thanks for the perspective. Establishing themselves in the U.S. gives them exposure to their capital, and the normativity that comes with it, making them an extension of the same "will". Interesting; I guess you are right.
@_date: 2015-05-06 14:46:20
One of the good things that happened to me because of Bitcoin is, I now fully understand how news media works. All biased factoids out of someone with half-assed understanding of the domain, worded to make as sensational as possible. How silly I have been all these years, not realizing it all was devoid of any connection with what was actually going on.
@_date: 2015-05-19 11:29:23
I guess it's a matter of perspective. The list this guy made betrays the fact that he sees Bitcoin as a marketed product.
One wonders why he is interested in the first place, though.
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:38:37


Check out OP's comment history and make a judgment about who these "you people" are. Are you genuinely being gamed by concern trolls, or is this a concerted effort?
@_date: 2015-01-28 08:49:11
Well, the basic assumption of statist socialists is that the state can function as a programmable machine, with various reliable oracles at its disposal. Not only that, but the government is a benevolent group of programmers who represent the will of "the nation", and actual competition of implementations is not necessary since they are also ultimately competent.
If such were the facts, "the nation" actually wouldn't need Bitcoin at all. Instead of an abstract unit with built in immutable scarcity, you could perfectly calculate the needs of everyone, adjust corresponding economic parameters and let the machine do its job. Then again, why deal with money at all? I'm not even being sarcastic here.
Of course, the worst of all these is the presumption that nations or countries are anywhere near the right grouping of human beings. The whole domain of thought is shit.
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:52:11
The third (far less likely) scenario is a high market cap with a low number of high value transactions, in which case fees would be high.
@_date: 2015-01-14 13:01:38
I use 12 words, but there are cases where 24 might prove to add more security, like wallet recovery on a compromised computer. Another instance I can think of is, someone dividing the seed into several pieces and some of them getting stolen.
These cases are probably not that much of a concern for the tech savvy user, but I think Trezor's aim is being "fool-proof".
@_date: 2015-05-04 14:49:14


Yes, we all follow what's happening in the Bitcoin world, but come on.
Bitcoin is "good" because it's one of those things that alleviate the dependencies to others to pursue your goals.
Also, there won't be a one special post. There will be thousands of stuff, most of which will turn out to be destined to fail.
The brilliant and important stuff will be ignored by most at first.
@_date: 2015-01-16 13:06:27
Dishonest in what way? I don't think anyone is pretending Bitcoin didn't decline.
Currently Bitcoin's value is mostly based on speculation about its future. Comparing Euro with a market that is currently tens of thousands of times smaller doesn't make sense one way or the other (e.g. if Bitcoin was extremely more stable, that wouldn't prove anything either).
So I think if we absolutely have to judge "honesty" of opinions, we need to make it through honest projections.
As such, is presenting a false dichotomy. No, having invested in an asset at its peak will never be better, unless you are at the absolute peak, *by definition*. Yet the post is perfectly on topic.
My question to you is, if Bitcoin served a market comparable to Euro, would its fluctuations become comparable to Euro? Would it be better or worse?
IMO, OP provides some evidence that this is worth discussing.
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:09:52
Not that I doubt it, but can you link me to where you have asked this before?
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:25:15
I fully understand your emotional response, but in the end this makes the forums even more unpleasant and helps no one. If you were trying to be constructive, this is more of a defeat than just letting it be.
(btw. I'm voted down either for saying "communism" out loud or criticizing Both camps are quite ridiculous.)
@_date: 2015-01-10 11:31:25
I don't think there is enough information out there to give a satisfactory answer.
An address which requires multiple signatures makes it possible to distribute control of funds to multiple entities in flexible ways. The nice thing about them is, signing parties keep their secrets to themselves, which can help with getting rid of some central points of vulnerability.
Bitstamp switched all their deposit addresses to multi-sig, which presumably means that they authenticate transactions through two completely independent entities. This would allow sanity checks to be performed by a secondary authority, and make it impossible for the "hot wallet" to be stolen (e.g. you'd have to steal two wallets from two locations). Given the privacy issues, I'm guessing the sanity checks would have to be rudimentary.
If properly implemented (I have no reason to suspect the contrary), this will especially help against some physical attacks (e.g. employee running away with the wallet). However it's important to keep in mind that there are all sorts of other things that can go wrong and there is no magic bullet for security.
I'd recommend waiting for them to publish audits if you have doubts. Also, don't keep funds in addresses you yourself do not control, which still includes Bitstamp even if they use multi-sig with BitGo.
@_date: 2015-01-18 20:34:44
Nice, but I think it's my duty as a father to support decentralization as well, at least to be able to tell my kids with a straight face that I was involved in some of the efforts.
That doesn't mean I won't support my kids or help communal causes.
I think you buttcoiners and the ancaps you so love to hate should get your own subreddit and leave us with our sanity.
@_date: 2015-05-07 20:00:44
I'm not saying people who make risky investments do not suffer when their investments fail, or that others should not warn inexperienced people about the risks.
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:54:21


There is no such mechanism in Bitcoin. Difficulty is expected to naturally follow Bitcoin's value, among other things like technological advancements and cost of electricity.


Any change in the ecosystem may affect the exchange value, but it's unclear to me what mechanism this claim refers to and why big fluctuations?
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:25:20
Until the contract is fulfilled (i.e. target amount is reached), the project has no control of the funds and you can revoke your pledge at will without need for any authorization from the project. However, once the goal is reached, the project can move the money without authorization from donors.
To accomplish this, you need a specifically designed Bitcoin wallet that can publish and *safely* preserve pledged transactions. That wallet is Lighthouse. By the way, it seems to have quite a few limitations currently; let's see how it will evolve.
@_date: 2015-05-25 21:45:55
He collected a few thousand bitcoins, worth thousands of dollars at the time, in exchange for forum perks, to be used for a forum upgrade. Instead of "cashing out", he (actually not he, AFAIK it is a transparent multi-sig address with other signatories) kept the unspent amount as bitcoins, but also apparently did not do much with them. Fast forward, bitcoins' exchange rate rises 100x, thousands are now millions. Then drama.
@_date: 2015-05-05 09:41:13
Very informative, thanks.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:44:04
The sad truth is, if the states around the world truly represented their majority subjects, things would be much worse. Except maybe a handful of countries.
You can't fix this without making centralized governance obsolete. If you think sovereign states are a good idea, then accept the fact that some elite group has to rule.
@_date: 2015-01-20 19:23:26
Thank you, this is one of the most hilarious things I've ever heard. 10 GBP private
@_date: 2015-01-30 11:09:55
If you are an unestablished merchant, you would want to offer the option if you want new customers to try you out.
@_date: 2015-05-03 19:19:57
I'll give it a try if you don't mind. Before everything though, mining is a bad analogy for what's happening but unfortunately the name stuck.
To understand it in a fundamental level, you need to know a bit about how Bitcoin works and what problem it solves.
Now, we have a network of computers telling each other what transactions they are making. X goes to Y, Z goes to A, etc. Obviously transactions are much more complex, but it doesn't matter.
While broadcasting everything like that on the Internet is sufficient for everyone to know about these transactions, we still need a mechanism to order them. Furthermore, what if someone sends two conflicting transactions to two different parts of the network?
We don't really care *that* much about which transactions are better or more authentic, and we can't really tell that much without getting involved with meatspace. We just want there to be a consistent record of transactions so that we can move on.
Now, if we make a bundle of all transactions we have heard about recently, check for internal consistency, call it a **block** of transactions, and put them in a database, would it work? It would be a consistent database in itself, but it wouldn't be coherent with the rest of the network. Not only ordering will be different everywhere, conflicting transactions will be recorded differently everywhere. If I tell one part of the network that I send A to B, and the other part that I send the same A to C, there can't be a consensus on what there is in A, B or C.
If only there was something DIGITAL that could NOT be replicated. Everything digital can be copied, right?
Not exactly. There is a process we call **proof of work** that lets one make a *statistically* convincing claim that they have spent some level of computing power on a computation.
So if we can start with different parameters, each of these parameters will give different results showing the respective work that is spent on them. These proofs of work can't be copied from one parameter to another.
In Bitcoin, these parameters are the blocks themselves (remember the bundle of transactions I mentioned above). If you have a block and the proof of work that fits the network's criterion (which is called the **difficulty**), you have "mined a block". This proof is obviously calculated by a group of computers.
Competing to replace a proven (or "mined") block of transactions requires someone to make their own proof. Since blocks themselves have a reference to the blocks that come before them (for the purpose of ordering), the required computational power to invalidate a chain of blocks becomes harder as new blocks are mined.
In the end, we have a chain of blocks (the **blockchain**) that contain an internally consistent list of transactions and proof of work that would require an immense amount of computing power to forge.
But, why the word "mining"? Now, this system requires some sort of "reward" in order for people to spend all that computing power. Hence the transaction fees, which go to the entity which comes up with the valid block.
Also, since we are booting this system from scratch, we need to get these tokens distributed somehow. What better way than rewarding them to early miners to get it going? This part is what resembles mining the most.
There are other intricacies about mining that fit together well to form Bitcoin, but I guess this is already long enough.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:40:17
Leather wallets work with money too, but I can design and share one both as commercial and non-commercial activity.
Basically, if you allow the code to be modified and distributed for non-commercial purposes, at least parties that are doing it with no monetary compensation would be cleared. Not unlike any other open source project really.
More generally though, monetary transactions don't imply commercial activity. You could for instance donate to an opensource project, and this still wouldn't make it commercial. Besides, me giving an allowance to my boy isn't commercial activity either.
@_date: 2015-01-18 14:49:42
How does log scale help here?
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:06:12
Doesn't change the fact that he's right about this one. You guys will only trigger known bugs, which need to get fixed for the maximum block size to be increased anyway. Doing this without dialogue and coordination with the developers is simply pointless.
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:01:42
It's a pledge, not a donation.
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:16:45
One year is the least amount of time I would consider safe enough for such changes.
@_date: 2015-01-28 15:17:21
The word "harm" may not be politically correct here, but having a second secure blockchain doesn't come free, so there is certainly some loss there if we are comparing to alternative situations to be in. Why not pour all that effort into a radically different approach and help it mature faster? Or, why not establish Bitcoin as a standard protocol and build on it? Among the things that need to be done, maintaining a clone seems really insignificant.
I do agree that experimentation in itself has been a positive, but one could have come up with a more worthy experiment nonetheless.
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:09:06
Governance is the wrong way to look at it. All opensource projects are different in structure but have similar limitations. They are there for you to be able to affect things directly instead of pleading to others. This makes them very resilient to top-down political influence (coercive politics might work within individual groups, but can not outside), but also takes away some potential incentives. It makes sense to prefer this model for security or privacy intensive work such as operating systems, currencies or encryption software.
This is why complaining about some specific group of developers doesn't make as much sense as questioning what you personally have done towards the advancement you seek.
@_date: 2015-05-13 13:15:16
Never trust an algorithm to do a man's job.
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:53:18
I guess the difference is, no one has to use it. It's not a hypocritical situation like "if you don't like it, leave". You can perfectly ignore the existence of Coinbase.
If we also ignore the incomputable social effects of their existence, we can assume that they are nothing but beneficial for Bitcoin, a movement which just bypasses these unjust barriers.
"Pick your battles", basically.
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:34:56
As I said, there is no sense in discussing this without an algorithm. FWIW, I was thinking this was doable many years ago, discussed with friends, etc. but couldn't come up with one that I would be proud enough to post.


Assuming it's not a miner doing the attack (at no cost, mind you).
Besides, currently there is no reason for not accepting zero fee transactions other than lowering the risk of getting orphaned during broadcast, but we don't really know the numbers. If the risk is low enough, then there is very little incentive for miners to not include transactions with even a minuscule fee. That means the attacker doesn't need to collude with a miner, and can sustain the attack for a long time.
Also, keep in mind that if you average by included transaction count, a big miner can do double damage by mining empty blocks.
@_date: 2015-05-27 11:15:42
Outside the English-speaking world, it's just how they talk in the movies, not a taboo. :-)
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:01:20
At first glance, it seems to increase the incentive to mine empty blocks. You not only avoid losing time with computation and broadcast, but also have to work less.
And a slightly different problem: why would anyone produce anything above the absolute minimum and risk not getting any rewards? This would not be a problem if time was not a concern (e.g. decreasing block reward instead of increasing difficulty might work there).
@_date: 2015-05-02 22:27:50
OK, didn't mean to offend. It's mostly what comes to my mind when the troll questions are raised.
Developer forums are more mature in this sense, but then these apolitical questions really need to be devoid of hidden political bias. Otherwise you either don't attract attention of people or attract the sort of people you don't want. Most things we accept as normal have political baggage.
@_date: 2015-05-22 11:16:29


Hmm, some of that made sense until you started speaking like an amateur day trader yourself. Which is the problem I was pointing out.
It's like a fable of the greedy and the envious.


Well, if you don't want me to say it... All Internet users are bombarded with fabulous investments 24/7, and I've seen many people who have lost a fortune in Forex markets or plain old gambling. These are all mainstream, fully legal, ad campaigns. I get weekly calls from random finance people trying to sell me shit.
Sure, trying to convince a wanna be investor that Bitcoin's exchange rate will certainly rise is pretty much evil, but you are talking as if it is a boiler room situation. Luring in uninterested naive people with news and blog articles? What next, forum comments?
In reality, if you haven't intentionally immersed yourself in it, in all likelihood you wouldn't see anyone trying to sell you a bitcoin.
Actually, I wonder why you think "Bitcoin salespeople" could be efficient while at the same thinking Bitcoin is vulnerable to problems of the commons, such as:




Which of course would be non-issues if you thought people would act individually for a common benefit without top-down enforcement. Just like how you imagine Bitcoin evangelists work.


Instead of re-iterating these speculations in rhetoric, why don't you put up a formal list of assumptions that lead to them and link? Maybe it would even lead to new ideas?
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:22:33


I don't know if smartphones are the target, but mine is plugged in with full battery most of the time and I wouldn't mind having it mine on the side.
@_date: 2015-05-23 17:36:45


What I said should be true for all *merged mined* side-chains. They could have other methods to compensate miners, but it would be an additional feature, not a replacement.






I don't understand what exchanges have anything to do with it. Off-chain transactions are by definition a completely different topic.
Blockstream's so called side-chain is any block chain that can communicate (or interoperate) with Bitcoin through SPV proofs. (They also mention "federated" sidechains, but I would categorize it as an emulation of the former.)
Exchanges may play a role in this by helping with *atomic swap*s, but I don't know of any that support it yet.
Also, assuming the idea works (yet to be seen), mining fees don't have to be settled in the main chain immediately. A miner can accumulate coins on the sidechain and convert/move-back at any point in the future, just like the rest of the economy.
Anyway, this is only one idea. I think side-chains are promising for doing stuff like Namecoin without the introduction of a new currency, but we need stuff like Lightning networks and even OpenTransactions in order to make Bitcoin scale.


I'm against stuff like the economic projections we are asked to believe year after year. What's the point? It's all lies presented for those who want to imagine a world without risk, which does not exist.
If a person or company doesn't understand the challenges and risks, **they should not invest**. I occasionally meet with start-ups seeking angel investment. When they start talking about projections, I can't help but giggle, and they do too. It's meaningless.


One wonders how you get out of your house with all this worry. Although the technology itself can be considered "cutting-edge", most of these are merely engineering challenges which require time and effort.


Um, no.


Is there a definition of "free market" that says it can't work if the buyer doesn't have perfect information?
It is similar to not knowing how much an egg would cost you today in your village, whether there is enough to buy and whether they would even sell to you.
We know it works for the village, if you are not a socially unacceptable person. We also know it works for Bitcoin because, *why would they not accept your money?*. We also know it because it currently works (remember, the miners don't even have to include transactions, but they do, even for a minuscule fee).
There is the issue of censorship by miners (the socially unacceptable villager), but it is orthogonal to the topic of mining fees.


It won't happen. The "priority service" will be an even more useful feature in the future. Also, the only part of the "problem" that is interesting is the calculation of the *passable* fee, which is too mundane to worry about now (worst case would be a historical average, which is good enough). No, just kidding, it requires nothing short of a miracle!!! :-)
@_date: 2015-01-24 16:05:24
My comment was a criticism of people who have voted down your comment. :-/ "idiot"
@_date: 2015-05-28 09:20:22
A sovereign state is an entity that claims exclusive control over all resources, including people, on a piece of land, some control over its people regardless of where they are and right to defend its existence without limits.
A hypothetical true democracy where no merit other than mere existence counts is a poor mix with hypothetical true sovereignty because there is nothing anyone can do against tyranny of the majority, nor explore viability of different ideas through experimentation.
Of course there are always grounds for those who can or have to compete for power, an in this setting it is either influence over the gullible majority or influence over the state machine itself. This is not only essential for the State to operate with an intelligent agenda, it is the only way minorities can perpetuate their values in the long run (I don't mean their "identity").
I didn't use the word "democracy" in my original comment, since I believe this should apply to any sort of majority rule. A theocratic state with majority support still needs an elite segment which don't believe in any of that shit to operate properly.
@_date: 2015-08-20 12:17:31


Certainly. But people have been calling Core+BIP101 XT for most of this debate.


Many people who are told to be running XT are running Core+BIP101. For instance, it is available in Arch Linux user repositories with the name "bitcoinxt-only-bigblocks-git".


It doesn't. Where did you get this from?


I don't know about malicious code (I will examine if you give me a pointer), but certainly you should not run XT if you don't like XT's features. There can be no doubt about that. I won't link to Core+BIP101 as it is probably against the rules here. You can also merge at home.
@_date: 2015-08-22 23:59:19


This, I think is accurate. Two different widely used currencies would have different names.
I think you mean "BIP 101 as implemented in BitcoinXT" in your illustration, since the referred fork is the potential result of Gavin's implementation, and would still work even if nobody ran XT.
In that case, we don't know whether it will have economic consensus or not, before it forks. So I don't think calling it an altcoin is justified at the moment.
@_date: 2015-08-25 10:10:40
Depends on the environment really. There can be multiple repositories (of maybe many different implementations) which advertise the consensus rules they support. This is a practical possibility, and other than "bug to bug compatibility" concern, the only reason this is not already the case is our laziness.
In the end, people controlling standard binary distribution channels decide what people actually get. That is bitcoin.org, various package maintainers, etc. Having a well-known central git repository with a hierarchy of developers allows a more easily comprehensible/conventional governance model, but that's the only (dis-)advantage.
@_date: 2015-08-25 09:01:39
The rate of transition from instant on-chain (insecure) transactions to alternative methods is also an important question. Ideally, alternative secure methods need to be developed (LN, etc.) *before* any action is taken to discourage these. If it needs to happen urgently, than we need LN urgently, not the other way round.
@_date: 2015-08-29 12:58:19
All I know is, they did not exist in any effective form before the recent western involvement in the region. The problems that caused them to get involved recently did not exist before their previous military involvement. So on and so forth, going back to way before WWI.
@_date: 2015-08-22 11:07:26
I am more interested in what minimum block size means.
Since miners can generate as many transactions as they like out of thin air, and attach any random value of fees, it seems unenforceable to me. If it is so, then why have a rule?
(Also, I don't think this sub is the best place to discuss these issues freely.)
@_date: 2015-08-23 09:21:48
Premature categorizations introduce mental blocks. I don't see any other reasons for forcing a label at this stage, it is what it is.
@_date: 2015-08-20 14:02:02
There is an only-bigblocks branch on the relevant github. For ease of install, I see it as an AUR package on Arch Linux, but not Gentoo (it has "xt" though, but haven't tested myself).
@_date: 2015-08-29 13:55:06
That's a tangential discussion, but if you want to talk about it, I think all myths would be equally to blame, including Islam. All of these are tools engineered to mobilize masses.
@_date: 2015-07-03 12:14:17
Most of what you are talking about boil down to normative stances or things we don't have any deep understanding about. You are claiming your arguments are not opinions but science, without the ability to back it up. It is an insult to the climate change debate.


Ever since I first encountered Bitcoin, I thought it will some day become the settlement layer for lighter protocols. *(Although, I still think it is a mistake to force the "hand" of the market.)*
But do I have any proof that Bitcoin as it is now can't be made to scale? Hardly. I just don't think it is likely, given all the data I have. We are yet to see a properly formalized argument for any side of the debate, and IMO working on it would be a waste of time.
@_date: 2015-08-22 11:48:53
Uh, I was being lazy and dumb, sorry about that. In my defense, you probably don't need to calculate "a limit to a limit" at every block.
Something like this seems to be a reasonable amendment to BIP 100. A lower limit makes sense for adaptive algorithms, since these limits are solely there as a protection against DoS, and small blocks can do it just as successfully as big blocks.
@_date: 2015-07-22 13:56:50


I often find the cultural output about what kids want a bit synthetic.
Mine is very fond of saving since he was 4, and is interested in the exchange value of things. He's not a tight-fisted obsessive type either, gives the money he saves to whoever asks for it (if the expense makes sense of course). Puts me in tight spots by asking about our wealth in comparison to those in need.
We try not to steer them into particular traits, but we also don't translate realities into child-speak and don't limit their access much. It's not that un-childish to save a bit of money to buy a Kindle rather than spend it on chocolate eggs with cheap plastic toys inside.
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:51:58
I skimmed through the video, and it seems to store only the metadata. So while blockchain growth would be manageable, it doesn't seem all that useful.
My question would be, if you are going to have to look for the data elsewhere, why store so much metadata? Just store the hash and be done with it. Then again, you can also do that with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-15 16:20:03
Only in Europe.
@_date: 2015-04-26 13:05:32
They were one of the first big ones that have added the Bitcoin option. I assume it is not used frequently, so probably not enough incentive to do the integration better.
@_date: 2015-04-16 09:58:23
Miners are not "trusted intermediaries". Nor are nodes.
None of these have any control at any point over the transported data or value.
@_date: 2015-04-18 17:33:14


I don't think the incidents you are talking about are different from any orphan situation in terms of blockchain logic. It happened many times more than "twice already". They only differ in scale.
For completeness' sake, it is important to note that transactions from orphan blocks are automatically included in new blocks. So while long chains of orphan blocks increase the danger double spends pose, such forks are not equivalent to rollbacks or a "rewind".
@_date: 2015-04-14 12:46:42
I don't have a google account, but "clean browser" should indicate that there are no cookies to begin with anyway. If in doubt, create a new user.
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:15:16
I hope you understand that it could be any secret and doesn't have to be my home.
Actually I was wrong when I said it was for no reason. The reason is the difficulty in making modifications that require behavioral change after a technology is established.
Considering there are actual people who not only put up with it, but go out and make fun of people who are troubled by the system's shortcomings, this is not really all that surprising.
@_date: 2015-04-06 13:46:36
Got posted a few days ago: 
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:20:54
Freenet has had many different types of decentralized forums which go back more than a decade, and it's not the only network capable of supporting them. It's a matter of making these options more accessible for non-technical users and getting them on board.
@_date: 2015-04-26 12:24:18
I don't think it is that complicated, as the context is clearly stated by shortbitcoin. Real life events would be more complicated, since there are no such a clearly defined divides.
Nodes/users always have the final say.
Can miners create a situation where they influence them? Absolutely. Miners supply the hashing power that the network relies on.
Can miners decide to change the rules independently? No.
It seems clear to me.
Your example is a type of attack on the network. It would satisfy the operative phrase in my previous comment; "enough reason".
So I think it would result in a change of rules, but not the rules you want. You see, when there is a miner that has the active will to do that, cutting them off and annihilating their investment is the only option.
IMHO such discussions deserve examples with an actual trade-off.
@_date: 2015-04-06 12:15:06
The requirement of fungibility removes the possibility of physical scarcity. Bitcoin is not different than your examples in that aspect. It is just far better suited as a currency because it is secure and non-local. So are all its clones.
You are actually close to understanding what Bitcoin really is.
Humans not only adapt to their environment, they shape it, and when they lack the ability to do so they imagine all powerful entities enforcing the change. Some show of violence is enough, but the rules are mostly in the mind. So the problem is not everyday violence, but the fact that we can't know what the actualization of imaginary boundaries really entail. For instance, was USD fine on its own, or was the tremendous amounts of terror unleashed in the Middle East really necessary for the ordinary function of the currency?
But what happens when you don't use violence? Can't there be any sort of coherence at all?
Bitcoin is one of those ideas that fit in this category. It requires a voluntary abandonment of violence as a solution. Therefore its tokens can only have value because people decide to use and support the system voluntarily. I'd say "just like beanie babies" if it wasn't such a retarded example.
It is imperative that we develop and switch to such systems; there is a lot to do, a lot to learn and think about, which is what fuels the cynicism of buttcoin people.
Another important aspect is, these systems, unlike God's commands or government decrees, can exist in superposition. This is what got the hacker news guy confused.
@_date: 2015-04-09 08:51:31
Therefore, this type of solutions are issued by some company which buy the coins on behalf of the user at the time of redemption.
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:01:53
You use Trezor in order to separate your keys from a computer that can go online. If you are going to make yourself vulnerable to the same sort of attack, why use Trezor?
@_date: 2015-04-19 15:16:55
I don't have anything to complain about on the user experience side. The "Bitcoin" layer is excellent, and processors function really well.
If you have negative experiences regarding the payment side, please do share.
People are having problems with Bitcoin because they put themselves in situations they are not accustomed to. If you don't have a reason to trust the person you're dealing with, just don't deal with them. At least use an escrow. Depositing your money in an institution you have no control over? Maybe it's a good idea to avoid it.
@_date: 2015-04-16 21:04:19


This is certainly not true.
There are whole realms of thought dedicated to how people can organize without using coercion. Some of these fall into the definition of socialism.
Actually your perspective (or lack thereof) is almost a mirror image of how socialist anarchists treat alternative views. For instance, most think that if you are a capitalist, you *have* to use coercive methods to bring your beliefs into existence, so technically "voluntary capitalism is an oxymoron".
These black and white world views and petty quarrels over details have been tremendously helpful to statists.
Now, we have a chance to come up with solutions that can allow us to bypass these points of disagreement. Let's not ruin it with useless antagonism.
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:00:23
They would still have to compete with each other and all other miners, so I doubt that it will be more attractive for banks compared to anyone else. Interestingly enough, the fact that mining power can be pooled would be beneficial for decentralization in that scenario.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:45:00
The negative is, you have to spend energy (produce more heat) to get rid of the heat.
Coincidentally (?) you use heat pumps in order to do that, too, but in the other direction. :-)
@_date: 2015-04-12 09:43:29
You could at least share your opinion about which idea they should borrow though. Otherwise, this criticism is just a part of the debate.
@_date: 2015-04-24 16:12:23
Interesting. So it would be about 28% in Bitcoin, since the exchange rate declined after that. Either way, those who bought goxcoin from others during the collapse will have made a good profit, right?
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:11:34
The most trivial (and worst) solution is to just change the mining algorithm, which in worst case results in centralization. So it's a lose/lose. Any other solution, which are plenty, would be win/lose. I don't see a lose/win or win/win.


You are contradicting yourself here. As you said, centralization would defeat the only goal of Bitcoin, so the 300 PH/s of MinerCartelCoin which we have already assumed that users would reject are worth nil.
@_date: 2015-04-19 17:46:16
There is no need to encrypt the transaction because the service will have to decrypt it anyway. If we are talking about a web service, just don't forget to use https, or use an onion address.
@_date: 2015-04-11 01:35:33
I haven't lost a single satoshi since 2010, using either method.
HD wallets are superior though, I fail to comprehend what you are objecting to. If you need to keep ALL your private keys secure and intact, that surely implies that you can do it for a SINGLE key.
Not having to update backups has many advantages, not the least of which is being able to "practically" use SSSS to secure an actively used wallet.
@_date: 2015-04-22 01:13:34
Quite right.
This specific situation is rather similar to what you would have with any payment processor, whether credit cards or PayPal, other than the fact that the cryptographic signature guarantees that the receipt with the order number couldn't have been forged (i.e. BitPay can't lie even if forced).
Your question was whether the customer could prove to the police that he paid for the order. If there is an intermediary like BitPay (it's not a requirement at all), then it in turn depends on whether BitPay can prove that the merchant requested the payment (since we can prove without doubt how much we paid to BitPay and what for).
Judging by their [gateway API]( they seem to be able to do that easily, but frankly I haven't used it myself to know the details. Failing that, we fall back to the legacy system's paper trail. Contract details between the processor and the merchant, bank transactions, etc. I don't expect it would come to that, but would be an interesting case.
Ideally though, the customer should get something that is signed by all parties involved. It is definitely a required layer if we want automated consumer protection with arbitration through m-of-n transactions.
@_date: 2015-04-23 08:48:56
I'd speculate that if banks forbid these transactions since the beginning, it would result in more healthier growth for Bitcoin. Sure it wouldn't be where it is price-wise at this moment, but the ecosystem would be far less fragile.
It won't be the same situation when banks start actively working against it after this point, since there is no developed bitcoin-only core economy to speak of.
@_date: 2015-04-20 10:00:05


This way they can stay unbanked but be able to send/receive money internationally. That is the point, isn't it?
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:21:26
You created a brand new account just to bash Bitcoin a few hours ago, what do you expect?
I use both SEPA and Bitcoin to shop online, and in one case my SEPA transfer took 10 days to reach the destination. It was during the holidays, but still quite a bit worse than 10 minutes any day and time.
If you consider CC's are "instant", then Bitcoin is "instant" in a similar manner (i.e. from the consumer's perspective). Never had to wait more than two seconds when I'm buying something with Bitcoin online. I just click at the link, enter my wallet pin/password and it's done. If you have had a different experience, please share it with the community.
When you are "depositing money" with CC, it is usually (but not always) slower than Bitcoin, since they need to do all sorts of background checks and verifications before they let you use the money. Actually, that's the reason buying Bitcoin with CC is and will always be problematic.
In the end though, it's apples and oranges. Bitcoin's payment network is a fast settlement system. It doesn't resemble credit cards, Paypal or even SWIFT. It is also a currency. You can implement something like a CC on Bitcoin, but not he other way round.
Check out [Bitrated]( if you are interested in how instant confirmation and consumer protection do work with Bitcoin. Can it be more user friendly? Sure, and it will be as more people use it.
@_date: 2015-04-18 23:30:43


I guess you meant Satoshi.
So... No one forced anyone but they were also not freely deciding? Miners were somehow able to come up with a "conspiracy" using completely open channels? When the entire community was still a tiny group?
The argument feels a bit forced to me. There is no way Satoshi would have been able to get people to actually use the updated client if the fix was not deemed fit by others who were involved in the process.
By the way, the initial patch seems to be an overflow check. I vaguely remember that the opcodes were disabled (wasn't really very interested in Bitcoin back then), but I'd re-validate the sequence of events, since your argument depends on it.
A more mature discussion would be about how people can better organize in times of crises. While I don't think your examples are a good demonstration of the dangers of collusion in open source development, that doesn't mean it will always work perfectly.
@_date: 2015-04-07 18:47:54
Keeping the funds secure until they are worth a fortune.
@_date: 2015-04-10 21:09:58
You can have Electrum generate the recipients too.
But the more important question is the end goal.
@_date: 2015-04-19 15:38:21
No, it really is an advantage. I like how cash works and I am comfortable with it. Being digital makes it easier to secure and carry around.
In the above examples, the credit card company is trying to protect the merchant, since they pay the price of frauds. Bitcoin makes that part irrelevant.
There is a lack of "convenient" consumer protection for Bitcoin, although there are plenty of not-so-convenient-yet solutions (bitrated, openbazaar, etc.). It is up to you to utilize them.
If you don't like this flexibility, don't have time or a reason to care, just don't use Bitcoin. *It is perfectly fine.* That, however, doesn't make having these options less of an advantage.
@_date: 2015-04-21 20:26:17
Have you considered that was voted down simply because the comment was a non sequitur?
A: Bitcoin is just a technology and it has its own cons.
M: Face it, it improves the way criminals operate. 
L: seems to have a problem with the truth.
@_date: 2015-04-20 09:47:43
It's all about what you got used to. It's normal for you to send these companies your address and phone number, everyone does it, so you do it too and make fun of me. If they required a webcam picture of you, you would find it invasive. But if everyone was doing it, you would still make fun of me for finding it eerie. There are no limits as long as it is "considered" normal.
The point is, there absolutely no necessity of Steam or the Playstation Network having my home address in their servers. But you don't want to think about it that way because your peers won't pat you on the back for it.
@_date: 2015-04-14 08:46:55
Tried with new IPs (TOR and otherwise), clean browsers, I get it as the 5th link.
Filter bubbles are a thing, but it might also be the other way round for you. For instance I don't see the link on google.pl, but it is still on google.com.
@_date: 2015-04-06 10:47:09
The issues on the surface are almost never the real problem. Some people thought the brand name wasn't good, it's the only thing that is apparent, so you think that it must be it.
@_date: 2015-04-17 20:00:17
No, when you do it with your personal initiative, there is no apparent benefit to you. Everyone else needs to do it with you. Then again they would be doing it anyway even if you weren't. The whole deal breaks the tragedy of the commons. Which makes you a cult.
With them it is direct self interest, so it's OK.
@_date: 2015-04-25 17:31:43


You mean VP**S**, right?
On an unrelated note, one can also run a full node over a VPN connection, but care needs to be taken about forwarding port 8333 and getting the correct external IP.
@_date: 2015-04-21 19:01:47
Regardless, all vendors (through their payment processor or directly) and wallets should support the payment protocol, which makes it possible to prove the contract you made with the domain operator.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:26:35
Ignoring the cost of production, their efficiency is the same as any other resistance heater, and less than heat pumps.
Heating a house with a resistance heater is probably a waste of energy, but there is still widespread usage in tank type hot water units, direct electric floor heating, etc.
The economics of mining would not allow ordinary users profiting from it. The better way to look at it is the average amount people are willing to lose. I imagine such heating units would cost more than regular ones, and then slowly recover the extra cost.
@_date: 2015-04-05 19:01:24
Anyone who doesn't think Bitcoin is good for them is free without limit to not use it at all, clone it, tune it, develop an alternative, with zero need to ask for permission.
How can someone compare a voluntary system with an involuntary one and come to the conclusion that the former would be more controlling? This is insanity.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:39:26
That's a pretty bold statement, since the reaction depends on the nature of the attack. For instance, how do you rule out a defense mechanism based on transacted coin age (e.g. orphaning requires more than more work as Gavin had proposed)? How to you rule out a switch to a mixed PoW/PoS system? How do you rule out a switch to a different PoW algorithm?
@_date: 2015-04-04 11:57:19
He was complaining about the gene pool, so it is racism.
IMO his apology is good enough though.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:41:45
I don't know how you are going to sell it to people. I'm just saying that it doesn't have to be altruism (potentially a sum of zero), but it won't be an "investment" either.
@_date: 2015-04-18 18:32:31
Playing down the importance of these incidents or possibility of similar future troubles would of course be stupid. I just wanted to point out that actual rewinds are highly unlikely.


IIRC, during the more recent incident, miners agreed to choose the buggy version's chain, because the older (buggy) clients, which were numerous at the time, would reject the actually agreed upon standard.


Methinks this is as close to a collective mind as it gets at this point in human wisdom. The idea itself had merit, and as I said above, it was actually a bit counterintuitive (i.e. smart). I don't see any indication of "it is right because Gavin said so" here.
@_date: 2015-04-18 17:13:57
PKC can be used to prove ownership. What OP is talking about is made possible with proof-of-work, which is the part that makes replication difficult.
@_date: 2015-04-19 15:50:29


If we are talking about the total risk, then yes, Bitcoin is more secure. It is not shouldered by the user, that's why the perception is skewed.




I don't need most of the support I would otherwise. But I guess it is correct to a degree.


Incorrect. I never waited for more than a second, the merchant didn't wait for more than half an hour. This is magnitudes better than anything out there.


Depends on how you use Bitcoin. You can actually get worse privacy than credit cards.


Correct. ~~I thought you covered this in the "security" item.~~
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:32:41
This assumes considerable difficulty of moving between fiat and Bitcoin.
In other words, why would you keep the fiat to spend in the first place?
There are only two possibilities.
* You need the money in the form of fiat immediately.
* As protection against something happening to your other assets (e.g. Bitcoin collapsing). In this case, you wouldn't be spending it anyway.


If the situation doesn't fit the items above, than you would convert the fiat into Bitcoin right away.
So, basically, not spending Bitcoin doesn't make any real sense. Why would I keep fiat on the side when I could have easily kept it as Bitcoin until I need to spend?
@_date: 2015-04-13 08:05:32
Why use peer-to-peer with unnecessary data redundancies and cryptographic overhead that doesn't even provide security without mining power?
Unless you use it as an immutable ledger that can provide automated notarization, which would give the tech what it really needs. But it comes with mining and incentives, so you still need the unit of account. 
Having said that, no one is going to trick everyone into mining. It's just PR stuff. Media and politically motivated individuals shat on Bitcoin for so long that we need to tolerate this "underlying tech" bullshit for some time.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:52:46
Not having kids likely helped.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:28:55
It makes sense to order anything that is consumed in relatively low quantities locally and comes from Germany anyway; it will be fresher and likely more energy efficient this way. "Bio" stuff is obvious, but quite a few things we normally buy are produced in Germany.
@_date: 2015-04-21 21:43:09
Non sequitur is usually perceived as a badly formed or insincere counter-argument. Judging by the commenter's follow-up, that perception was false. The downvotes are not because of not being able to handle the truth, but strong emotions against counter points.


It was relevant and true. It was also in no disagreement with the person who was supposed to "face it".
@_date: 2015-04-21 08:46:27
You can open bank accounts in other countries over mail (Europe included), but you will want to give power of attorney to a good lawyer to make it easier, which is more expensive than going there.
@_date: 2015-04-20 12:21:20
Well, that's the only explanation I have for you "laughing your ass off" because I am disturbed by my son being asked to give out our home address for no reason.
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:30:32
Yeah, I was guessing there were some mismatched underlying assumptions. I don't understand why you came here to discuss if you were assuming the agents involved are irrational though. All arguments based on this would be tautological.


In my view, there are resourceful people who give a shit about this all, there are serious service providers and active users, and then there is fluff. IMO, you assign an unjustifiable amount of importance to to the fluff. I won't speculate as to why.
But it also appears as if you think the protocol is flawed because it allows takeover by miners because people irrationally give value to the system because it is flawed because it allows takeover by miners because people irrationally....
@_date: 2015-04-14 08:41:55
Google does a lot more than mere cookies to identify you.
Either way, I get Bitcoin as the 5th link under TOR or with a new VPN IP, both using clean browsers. As long as it is google.*com*.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:19:11


You make it more complicated than it sounds. This part of the business is not challenging at all (a rudimentary database, a single API call and occasional bank transfer). Regulatory compliance and distribution is what this business is all about.


bitUSD is more like facebook credits, that's for sure. Selling Bitcoin vouchers is just a method of buying bitcoins. It assumes the buyer wants bitcoins as they are. Kinda like fiat vs. gold.
@_date: 2015-04-24 08:05:50
I read one negative incident here, but it wasn't a show stopper. They have great customer service, and the buying process quite smooth and fast. I bought Flight+Hotel several times, no complaints.
@_date: 2015-04-19 12:42:44
Maybe US banks are more inclined to accept chargeback requests, hence the vigilance.
@_date: 2015-04-06 21:41:10
It comes with Electrum by default. You can find it under Tools/Plugins.
@_date: 2015-04-03 18:18:49
As others have said, I'd go with installing a wallet such as Mycelium on your smartphone and move from there.
Depends on how you operate, but one advantage of using Bitcoin here would be the ability to request some part of the payment in advance as a measure against no show.
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:53:13
We are all insignificant in the grand scheme of things. With this perspective, can you explain why ANYTHING you ever do makes slightly more sense than cryonics? Having children? God worship?
It is good research, and these people are funding it. The tech is especially useful if we will ever dream of reaching the other stars in the flesh form.
It is also ethically sound. Whatever you do, you do to change the world according to your values. If not ceasing to exist will help it, then it is almost a duty to seek that option.
@_date: 2015-04-20 00:42:17
While "votes as scarce tokens" would be useful to eliminate brutal trolling and vote brigading, it would also make populism more lucrative, especially if the reward is actual money.
As a workaround, in Reddit terms, the revenue from the up/down votes could go to the site operator and "gold" could go to the content creator. Keep the karma whoring and tips separate.
Integrate it with something like [Hourglass]( so that you won't be looking after anyone's money.
@_date: 2015-09-05 08:57:01
I think it is quite the opposite. It's just that people who are capable of changing their views tend to be less loud.
Debates here convinced me that there is plenty of time before block size becomes a problem. Also, we need better scaling solutions (this was always obvious), and we will get good enough ones in the coming years. So a forever increasing limit is probably not necessary. Something like Lightning has a good chance of replacing day to day transactions. Sidechains probably will not be secure enough for all uses, but I can foresee similar approaches achieving what it set out for. Haven't changed my views since.
Then all of a sudden censorship, the arrogant rhetoric, manipulation, DoS attacks and an overall attitude that sinked this community below what it is supposed to be fighting against, began. Which led me to go back to github and mailing list archives to better understand the origin of the problem. Evidently, it doesn't have much to do with the block size limit. Now, I am probably one of the few who support the alternative development approach without supporting BIP 101.
@_date: 2015-09-05 09:01:41
It reflects what the silent majority is thinking. :-)
@_date: 2015-04-21 18:58:12


I didn't shop from this particular store before, but they seem to be using Bitpay.
When I pay to a BitPay vendor with Electrum, I get a cryptographically signed receipt in my Invoices tab. It, without a doubt, proves that I have made a payment to the signing party.
This is different than Bitcoin signatures since it is based on domain certification authorities and contains information about the purchase details.
Of course it is not the proprietary protocol of BitPay, any vendor or payment processor supporting the payment protocol, and any wallet that does the same should work.
@_date: 2015-04-21 10:11:40


Why did they agree to such terms in the first place?
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:01:10
*(As a disclaimer, even though I acknowledge the grouping, I'm not sure "Keynesian" is the right tag.)*
I think it's internally consistent.
* You get people to work like slaves
* There is very little tolerance for systemic fluctuations, so individuals are wary of political diversity
* Above item also guarantees that even people with heterodox opinions try not to confuse their kids, and instead support centralized indoctrination in order for them to have the best position to continue to be fed and entertained
* Resource depletion is not a measurable concern as none of this hinders technological development
I think the bigger question is, why object to this? As metrics outside this belief system get eroded, the understanding of well being might get stuck in a feedback loop and result in the deterioration of quality of life. But maybe not, who knows? Same with worries about privacy.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:33:08


It's important to note that while specialization and scale is important in mining, scaling up brings additional costs. Instead of reusing heat, you spend considerable additional energy to get rid of it. Space costs and business overhead add to that as well, but I'm sure everyday devices will have similar problems of their own.
In an ideal world, at least some type of heating units in some sort of working conditions would be a more ideal environment than a mining farm.
Of course these are all a bit premature, since at this point you probably wouldn't be able to sell this sort of equipment in enough quantities to even make them affordable, let alone profitable. 
@_date: 2015-04-19 09:54:01
I'm using exclusively Bitcoin for all online purchases for almost two years now.
A couple weeks ago, after my son's insistence, I decided to pay for a Steam game with my brand new credit card. It was an eerie experience. Enter my home address. My phone number. "Accept" that I live in this country (even though I live in multiple).
For a fully digital purchase.
I don't enter any of these details even when I'm buying a plane ticket with Bitcoin. Click on "Pay", enter your password (or just push the button on my Trezor), and done.
@_date: 2015-04-21 12:10:34
As others have said, "Bitcoin" is not a client. There have been many different implementations from scratch, some of which are more actively used than others.
On the other hand, the "Core" implementation is authoritative in many ways. We shouldn't consider the technology well understood until it breaks plenty of times, and it hasn't happened quite enough. Since it's hard to predict potential compatibility issues, it's safer for alternative implementations to follow some de facto standard implementation to some degree. *(I'm not a Bitcoin developer, this is merely my personal take on the issue.)*
Which means that all re-implementations have had to go through all intricacies of the Core many times.
Also, unlike TrueCrypt, exploiting Bitcoin is equally lucrative for everyone. Not to mention that the topic is also interesting to [white hats](
I think, for a project like Bitcoin, having more eyes on the supporting environment is much more important. And even more important are the proposed changes in the protocol.
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:20:37
I am talking about the clear mechanism of the situation. You are talking about how a group of miners can force the hand of the users of the network.
I don't think we need to be in conflict. Of course there can be attacks on the network by miners. In turn, the network always has the option to change the rules and get rid of that lot.
@_date: 2015-04-12 17:41:40
Or, you know, just back up your wallet file.
@_date: 2015-04-28 12:10:38
I understand and support your critical way of thinking, but just two weeks ago I spent more than two hours walking around in a foreign country because banks for some reason could not process WU, but post offices could. Last christmas my SEPA transfer took more than 10 days to clear, which cost me time and money to compensate. So, it's not all black and white.
@_date: 2015-04-03 09:21:47
You don't need to speak German in order to shop online from a German website. Actually it's so hard to find what you want online in Europe that one usually learns at least some of each major language during online shopping quests.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:04:06
I think that is stretching what liability means in this context.
Miners are incentivized by fees, but you don't have a contract with them. They are free to process whatever they like, and your transaction is not bound to any predetermined group of miners.


I think Bitcoin solves this part very elegantly. If miners can't make money, they quit and difficulty drops. Concerns of particular miners is not a concern for the user. The overall resilience of the network is a concern, but I don't see the relevance to this topic.
edit: Maybe it is important to distinguish the fact that your asset is never transferred to a node or a miner. The transaction is a message which is broadcast everywhere. Bitcoin mining is a collective machine that converts this message into a standardized form with proof-of-work attached.
@_date: 2015-04-24 09:58:08
In my experience, chargebacks are not a clear solution either. I never succeeded in making one, there was always a term somewhere in the contract that made my side of the dispute moot.
FWIW, I do purchases in thousands of Euros regularly with Bitcoin. My problems have been resolved very proficiently so far, although as you said, some standard way of including consumer protection in the mix would help us try out companies we don't know much about.
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:24:50
While it is certainly not "massive" in any way or form, it's good to know that there are bitcoiners in the mix.
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:04:57
Well I've been actively using Bitcoin for more than 4 years now and also followed the debates about granularity and terminology. The voice of the most vocal people in the forums may give the impression of a majority opinion on a subject, but it's usually far from it.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:06:29
Sorry to barge in, but my response to your comment a few hours ago was removed, and I assumed by you. Judging by your tone here, it doesn't seem so, but even in that case the pot is being stirred "automatically". Accusations just make it visible. Below is the removed comment with redactions:
Other BIP101 supporting pools might be under attack [link removed] as well. Given that the attack on [redacted] nodes have stepped up from invalid transaction flood to the more expensive (and generic) UDP flood very recently, I'd say it is a part of the same effort. It is hard to be sure though. Maybe slush can provide some analytical comparison.
edit: Case in point: 
@_date: 2015-04-05 11:41:45
Why would you put the month first, it's ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-04-20 11:05:40
I remember speaking to some illegals (I guess from Congo) about the difficulties of sending money home, but I agree, vanilla Bitcoin can't be of help without Bitcoin becoming established beforehand.
@_date: 2015-09-06 14:43:03
Other than being dumbed down so that even a 3 year old can understand, there is nothing wrong with what he is saying.
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:59:22
It's like censorship. You may be glad that it worked on your opponents. It takes some intellectual maturity to realize that it not only can, but will, work on you, too.
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:18:43


Isn't that the exact action he is criticizing? I mildly remember you calling people to "fork off", too. So why is it a bad thing now?
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:10:18
In the Bitcoin network, nodes call the shots.
I see people periodically come up with this idea that miners can force protocol change onto the users. I have yet to understand how miners will remotely change the software other nodes run. If people have enough reason to reject the blocks miners come up with, there is no way they can find their way into the blockchain.
The opposite is true, however. For instance if users "collectively" wanted to change the hash function (assuming there is a need for it, like a vulnerability, even to the miners), there is no way miners can stop that.
It's probably important to note that all nodes are not equal in practice. Trusted service providers in the ecosystem would have more voice in such cases.
@_date: 2015-04-17 19:42:26
Thanks. It seems like a reasonable trade-off.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:51:19


Haven't ordered yet, but Bitcoin option seems to also appear for other countries they deliver to.
@_date: 2015-04-26 18:10:16
Wow, there are so many assumptions I can't wrap my head around.
So what all this non-purist majority is doing is operating a pyramid scheme. Actual censorship resistant nature of Bitcoin is completely useless (or has negligible utilization) and can be switched to a centralized system with no effect on the pyramid operation. Dark markets, payment processors and the like will naturally be on board. However, this centralized system can't be anything other than "much petahash" thing, because suckers like large numbers.
Ah, also gathering from my ignored points here and our earlier discussion, the available defenses are off topic since development is already centralized.
Anyway, I have to prepare for the flight I booked with the ponzi tokens I earned by collecting unicorn dust. Nice talking to you... ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-30 12:08:19
They can, but they're structurally motivated to be positive.
@_date: 2015-04-08 15:54:54
Not sure if they ran into trouble. It seemed like an excellent service to me, but no one was using it.
@_date: 2015-04-15 18:39:14
Depends on who does the participating.
Most here would like to see all barriers lifted, a space where everyone and their toaster have equal reach without permission.
Now, maybe most people don't want/need that. In that case, the old participants will continue to become the "new participants". That wouldn't be great boon to Bitcoin, as it is all about permissionless participation.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:36:57
You forget that in one case heat production is a positive, and in the other case it is a negative.
@_date: 2015-04-02 09:24:54
My point was, you can't be both on the demanding side, and complain about wrong people making the decisions. "Bits" people risked looking like a fool and others just passively criticized, and this is the end result.
And I think it's still good enough. Average people don't know what bits mean in the context of computing, so while the confusion of terms will happen, it's well within the limits we deal with in daily language. Yesterday, I had a bit of a problem communicating with tech support because of the word "before".
@_date: 2015-04-02 07:54:21


Or maybe you are not experienced enough to consider all facets of this? We can't know either way, so let's not get angry about it.
Bottom line is, critics should have come up with an easily digestible alternative that works better. I'm sure there are much much better ideas out there that could have captured everyone's attention. But if you think this is being pushed from "high above", you are imagining things.
@_date: 2015-04-12 19:01:18
I suspect the majority of Bitcoin users use deterministic wallets nowadays. These do not require you to update backups, nor prevent your usage of the wallet while it is also backed up.
@_date: 2015-04-19 12:19:19
Nah, I also had similar problems. It doesn't happen when you are in a routine, but problems arise when you travel abroad, change addresses, etc. And resolving can take a lot of time and effort.
You just know these things can happen and take precautions. Many people I know have multiple cards for this very reason.
Not to say that you can't have problems with Bitcoin, but I think this particular area is where it has advantages. I don't understand the need for calling people liars (not criticizing you specifically) when they point out a positive thing about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-30 07:53:35
This pretty much admits that media will always be biased towards the economic and political system they are established in. We have a better chance of extracting the truth by averaging out transparently biased radicals.
@_date: 2015-09-04 16:28:50
I can read your comment just fine, it is not censored. :-) Let's not confuse concepts.
I suppose people think the block size acting as an accidental (final?) defense against mining centralization is not a good position to be in. There isn't much new to be said. You may be right, in which case I suspect the lack of upvotes indirectly reflect the frustration. Or you may be missing the point entirely (i.e. we are focusing on the wrong problem).
@_date: 2015-09-05 11:17:31
Depends on the subject. There are many things about Windows that may be relevant to Linux, like new features, comparisons, compatibility, portability, etc.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:26:17
Nope, I deleted it myself while trying to figure out what's wrong. I wasn't planning to complain about it until I saw your sincere response. :-)
@_date: 2015-03-27 16:23:07
Don't go soft on me, I was prepared for a fight!
Sigh... Have some upvotes. @_date: 2015-04-12 21:39:29
I have close to zero knowledge about US politics, but isn't it the other party's turn to be elected?
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:59:01
While I would also recommend Electrum in this case, please beware that what you are describing is **NOT cold storage**.
Cold storage is when your private keys does not get exposed to a device with the ability to communicate with the outside world.
To achieve this, Electrum uses a concept called "Master Public Key", which lets you create all your addresses, observe your balance and create *unsigned* transactions on an online machine without having the ability to recreate private keys.
Customarily, you create a wallet on an **offline machine** (which, as you said, could be a computer booted into a clean live offline environment with an optical disc, which needs to be shut down before ever going online), record your seed phrase multiple times with pen and paper, and then export your "Master Public Key" (e.g. to a file on a USB stick). You can then import this Master Public Key to your ordinary Electrum installation on your ordinary computer, as it will not be able to sign transactions.
Of course, completely test your setup with a test amount before beginning to use it for real.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:01:03


No it was not. The belief that it is implied gives you reason to gloat. Cynics are always eager to abuse such circumstances.
OP is a counter-argument to "Bitcoin is X, so it is not Y", i.e. examples that are X and also Y. You can't retort with "but not all Y are X".
@_date: 2015-03-13 06:43:40
It is not a replacement for cash in the sense I am using here. Can a 5 year old receive money in exchange for cookies to his bank account? Can he share it with his friends? Can he receive money online? Can he send to anyone online?
A Paypal account would be a better example, but you are approaching the controlled simulation, and fast.
@_date: 2015-03-21 10:35:54
Tried with Mycelium, worked at first focus.
@_date: 2015-03-23 15:07:42
Downvoted because I feel the list is a bit misleading.


Technically, wallets do not require an e-mail address. I personally never used a "wallet" for my personal spending that asked for an e-mail address or any other info, and I don't even care that much about privacy.
If you are using a *service* that provides you with a wallet, that's fine, but then you need to justify why you need that service. I'm not advocating against that, but it is an important factor in all this.


The privacy leak mostly occurs through change addresses. While you need to be doing it regardless, not reusing Bitcoin addresses might still give new users a false sense of security. If in any doubt, use a completely different wallet for each different identity.
Regarding the use of Tor or VPN, keep in mind that, just like the association between your Bitcoin addresses or your e-mail addresses, you need to keep track of your IP addresses. Logging in to the same service with a different account but the same IP won't give you deniability. It is also important to make sure you always use SSL.
Regarding "wallet services" and super lightweight wallets, you need to have some degree of understanding about what the server knows about you.
@_date: 2015-03-26 12:08:29
FYI, Trezor supports decoy wallets.
@_date: 2015-03-13 20:07:32
I think he's talking about the handful of people who steer others into jumping into conclusions. Which is probably a general theme whenever pitchforks come out.
@_date: 2015-03-17 10:20:08
I was also a ripple user long before Bitcoin existed, but I feel that your statement might be misrepresenting things in this context.
Technically, Ripple and ripplepay are as different as Bitcoin and DigiCash.
It's not like someone just added XRP to some already existing system. Many people had ideas about how to decentralized the ripple idea, and none were developed until a group out of the Bitcoin community began from scratch. The idea is old, for sure, but so is the idea of decentralized currencies.
@_date: 2015-03-27 08:39:00


Same goes for any neutral asset, there will always be a group of investors that will try to push it, and another group that will say equally negative things with no basis.
If this was not politically neutral, it would be pushed through involuntary means. If it were controlled by a private enterprise, it would be centrally advertised as the best thing ever.
None of it is really interesting, and I don't understand why anyone would get hung up on it for extended periods of time.
While I actually appreciate people who respond to plain hype (someone has to do it), I don't like is the 24/7 tasteless cynicism, and shitting on anything and everything, with the hope that it sticks. Which is what you guys actually do.
@_date: 2015-03-17 08:48:23
I think the idea is financial institutions moving to it. I have heard finance people talk about it, just like TFA says.
At this point, I believe it's mostly hype. Ripple "the idea" is not a bad one, but I'm not really sure about the implementation of Ripple "the company". It is quite hard to implement properly, and I think we'll see better ones emerge in the next 10 years or so. Most of these will include schemes that reduce the trust requirement when dealing with decentralized assets anyway (a huge advantage IMHO), so it is a positive in general.
@_date: 2015-03-13 08:58:05
Sounds like you are talking about distributed but centrally controlled networks. What banks use is not really that far from it.
By the way, the "programmable" form of it is called cloud computing nowadays. These already exist. Not only "coin"s, but also Internet of Things solutions are moving towards the cloud.
The main question is, how would decentralization help? For fiat money, it is really not all that useful, maybe except some odd cases. For Internet of Things, I'm not sure. It primarily depends on what the decentralized network can actually do. Beyond that is the sci-fi talk and philosophical debates about rights and free will.
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:34:41
Trolling is an activity, not a form of text. I don't mean the text itself doesn't deserve a proper and thoughtful response, but it is good to know whether you are responding to a troll. For instance, you might want to keep your intelligent but unpopular opinions to yourself and seal some holes against mindless populism.
@_date: 2015-03-29 20:14:57
Well, no test of authenticity is flawless, and this one is immensely better than any other method available to men. If this was a meatspace thing, we would be calling it flawless.
By the way, are we talking about the false claimant having created and publicly broadcasted a collision before the data even existed? I wouldn't lose sleep over the fact that we can't technically measure the improbability of this.
@_date: 2015-03-12 09:56:34
I find it quite convenient for kids. My son is slowly learning how to surf and shop online, and he recently bought something for himself and a gift for his sister using his Bitcoin allowance. He has a nice balance in his mind between saving and spending, and this setup lets me observe it. It is similar to cash in this respect, but unlike my childhood, they don't really have anywhere to physically go to by themselves, let alone shop. Online space is pretty much the only environment they will be practically free until the end of adolescence. Weird and amazing at the same time (the online part, not their life being a controlled simulation part).
@_date: 2015-03-03 10:53:37
I find that usability and transparency decreases as shit moves away from "90's Internet vibe". Or am I just too old?
I use Electrum with Trezor and it supports multiple accounts within same HD wallet, but standard wallets are single account (don't know why). There is the "Open Wallet" menu though.
@_date: 2015-03-29 13:03:50
Nowhere. He was just disagreeing with my hydra.
edit: OP is likely the same person as @_date: 2015-03-27 15:15:16


Yet you have no qualms about attaching labels to "Bitcoiner"s.


So much for scientific curiosity, Mr. Professor.


So, it is all about retaliation to some specific group, a group which you see as your equals/peers for some odd reason? Why be so trivial?
@_date: 2015-03-13 23:40:48


Ah, true colors.
I have no problems with teaching my kids interesting stuff. Bitcoin is interesting. I've been using it regularly for years, and have no interest in the things you think it's only useful for, except from the philosophical debates on them maybe.
At least to correct the misinformation though:


I think bank-like services like Coinbase is partly responsible for this confusion. Having a Bitcoin wallet is as simple as generating an address; you don't even need to be online.
Age/nationality/etc. related issues can only arise if you are using the banking system. You want to buy bitcoins with a bank transfer, you need to abide by the banking system's rules. This should be obvious. Otherwise, you can perfectly have a Bitcoin wallet and send/receive money if you are a child, or a toaster. I actually got my first bitcoins selling stuff online.


No, the parent needs to maintain control by the merits of his knowledge of the world and of his child, not keeping the kid in a bubble. This is the problem I was describing to begin with.


I thought the topic was kids selling stuff for Bitcoin? Nevertheless, it is indeed a hoop to jump through if you don't already have bitcoins.


Never waited more than a second when buying something this last couple of years (before that, there were more glitches in the process). You usually wait for confirmations if you are depositing money for the purpose of trading financial instruments, for obvious reasons.


And miss confusing them with my half-assed understanding of Marxist theory? ;)
@_date: 2015-03-14 10:04:58


Is there a link to such an event? What does "hack it" mean in this context?
I don't understand how a sniffer can get access to local keys. I don't think they can even MITM your connection to an Electrum server, as the certs seem to be bundled.
@_date: 2015-03-29 11:58:52


If they know that you are paid, then they don't have to track anything. If they don't know that you are paid, how are they going to track it through Bitcoin? The only instance it comes out is in a "source of funds" investigation, where the possibility of proof is actually in your favor (assuming the source is legal).
Not that I think tax evasion is a good idea, but still...
@_date: 2015-03-08 09:54:21
Sure, but infinity must be understood literally here. It's like Zeno's paradox. If you lose 10% of all coins each year for the next 50 years, the current granularity might start to become limiting for a world economy, but changing it twice per century is not really one of the problems worth worrying about.
@_date: 2015-03-27 10:55:09
Yeah, happens. That, and the all too frequent witch hunts. Bitcoin has made me more hopeful about anarchy, and these forums have mostly taken it away.
Thanks for being a contrarian, Bitcoin needs you. 10000 bits @_date: 2015-03-25 01:35:58


Maybe they wouldn't. It's an interesting thing to think about. Quite like the mining pool situation, it would bring in more centralization risk, but also some resilience.
Regarding updates, if there is an "OK" button somewhere, the user will just click it, so it is equivalent to automated updates. Better use a very slim OS layer and update the whole thing in order to avoid issues of a general purpose OS. Maybe the user can be offered a choice about where to download the firmware?
@_date: 2015-03-14 11:47:52
I don't think that specific thread is relevant.
You don't need to trust Tor exit nodes if you are using SSL properly. Which means you need to be able to verify the signatures without having to rely on the same intermediary for certificates. Electrum comes with the certificates.
I just don't understand the attack vector you are suggesting here. The only one I see is if you get the recipient address in the clear (or in a way allowing MITM) through the exit node, but a hardware wallet can't solve that either.
@_date: 2015-03-01 12:08:52


I don't seem to find it in the Bitcoin FAQ either. You are clearly in conflict with your own line of reasoning.
I'm sure a few speculators think exactly what you said above, and they tend to hype Bitcoin (at least when they are not shorting while spreading FUD), although the idea really doesn't make much sense. Buying pressure from Africa can never play a major role. Most such speculators probably think that it would help Bitcoin gain legitimacy, but the capital would still come from other westerners (who will subsequently turn Bitcoin into their own services in these areas). Contrary to your viewpoint, as a Bitcoin "enthusiast" I think that is a bad thing.
Nonetheless, saying it is what Bitcoin is all about is pointless. It is about censorship resistance and decentralization, and this is pretty much a fact. Will this model of freedom help western capitalists more than oppressed nations? The former have more "afford to lose" tokens, so they start with a big advantage.
By the way, not everyone here comes from the rich west, so I ~~hope~~ wish you had clarified the context in your post before talking about "general population". You guys are a minute part of the world population.
@_date: 2015-03-06 13:09:01
Went there and saw the big Bitcoin logo on the front page news. Thanks for mentioning, been a fan for some time and this is a good enough push for getting me to donate.
@_date: 2015-03-14 12:57:49
Yes, hardware wallets are more fool-proof, that's for sure.
Either way, I thought we were discussing Electrum on TAILS, which is by default SSL and is not likely to get disabled accidentally.
There is no such thing as perfect security, and it is hard to decide whether to just give up and steer new users away from a method (brainwallets come to mind) or to help them get more informed. I think this falls into the latter.
@_date: 2015-03-03 08:10:41
I also have a friend who got fascinated by Bitcoin and eventually quit banking.
Mind if I ask you how long you have worked in the industry? Do you have any Bitcoin income currently?
@_date: 2015-03-18 11:25:58
Sorry to jump in, but:


Is there any other way to have arbitration without a human arbitrator in the case of tangible goods?
Best solution is to let users choose out of a list of arbitrators, and use a generic/external reputation system. This way, possibility of collusion between the vendor and arbitrator is reduced while the risk of site and the arbitrators both disappearing is also reduced.
Of course, since you think the challenges of multi-sig are too complex, building something like this probably seems impossible to you. Then again, I think there is quite a bit of monetary incentive to support it. And it is still a lot easier than building a robust OpenBazaar.
EDIT: For those who don't know how this works, the arbitrator has no direct control over the funds, but has the power to either side with the vendor or the buyer. In case no disputes arise, buyer and vendor can transact without the arbitrator's consent.
@_date: 2015-03-22 17:31:37
One shop I don't see being mentioned much is az-europe.eu. Ships Europe-wide, has a very good collection and (to my experience) a decent customer service.
@_date: 2015-03-19 07:55:58


These two are almost mutually exclusive though. For instance, I can now buy something from you, using this perfectly centralized forum for communication, and use Bitrated for escrow/arbitration functionality, which is also somewhat centralized depending on how you look at it. These aren't technologies that are extremely hard to get right, they exist for some time now. The problem is users who are ready to settle for less.
@_date: 2015-03-19 17:18:05


Good point.
@_date: 2015-03-27 19:25:38
I read a couple of his books, and I didn't see in what way he works around the is-ought problem. Assuming this verdict is true, one would see his work equivalent to recipes such as the one described the "Brave New World".
I understand that most of his critics must be religious nutjobs, but I'm sure many atheists do also feel uncomfortable with the (hidden) claim that there can be meaning without metaphysical assumptions. It is just disingenuous.
Then again, in a world that is almost completely drowned in nonsense, picking this guy to hate is just silly. I applaud him for endorsing Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:04:05
This is exactly what I'm talking about.
Wouldn't you yourself prefer suffering over death when given the chance? Don't the animals do the same at every instance?
You think your justification is relevant because you are initialized with this belief system. Which is perfectly normal, but has no place in philosophy. Ethics is not about creating an economically efficient society based on people's psychological patterns.
It could be the exact opposite of course. You could be seeing all conscious life as equal, and I could be questioning the basis of such a belief. Quite the equivalent of questioning why races of humans should be considered equal.
Without an ontological thesis, all these are arbitrary. How can you possibly know that *you* are not food?
I don't have anything against the concept of culture. What I'm saying is, any action without acknowledging this state of affairs results in you inflicting the types of suffering you probably don't even have words to express in your own world.
To connect it back to the original topic, I hate religion as much as the next guy, but releasing Sam Harris on the oppressed people would not make them better, but rather destroy them altogether.
edit: typo
@_date: 2015-03-17 12:43:59
I'm not nearly an expert on the subject, but two instances that I have read about are Wei Dai's [B-money]( (check out the [entry in bitcoin.it]( and Nick Szabo's Bit Gold, both dated 1998. I had also read some obscure proposals through the years, but it would take some to gather them, assuming they even still exist somewhere.
EDIT: The wiki apparently has [an entry about Bit Gold]( as well.
@_date: 2015-03-26 09:29:50
How is a potential mandatory government backdoor to your computer increase Bitcoin's price? If anything, it would reduce the usefulness of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-13 19:27:01
I opened up a brick and mortar shop some years ago, and I had to go through a lot of formalities to accept cards. To be honest, I'm not so sure how having a debit card enables my son to accept money from people. Maybe all that is a U.S. thing, I don't know, but in all likelihood you are mistaken. Same goes for sending money and all other items, which "buying in stores" was not a part of for reasons mentioned. :-)
Either way, it would definitely not be in his control, which is the whole point of cash. Or going outside by yourself for that matter. Not because he will wander off, but because he will be able to.
@_date: 2015-03-07 10:35:49
Isn't it a syndicate?
@_date: 2015-03-29 18:11:05
He is technically correct, but also being pedantic.
You prove that a historical record matches some hash of the data. But the hash function is not provably secure, and the blockchain itself could have been fake all along. These are outside the realm of mathematics, so the authenticity measure is not completely backed by "proven" math.
@_date: 2015-03-03 09:56:27
Isn't "AusBit" exactly the same as a bank account, but with the State instead of a bank? A "new" kind of money which you would still keep in a bank to protect it against inflation, interact with other payment systems, etc. So basically exact same thing as we have now, but instead of paper cash you have the option to hold an account with the central bank (which you probably will not have any use cases for). Sounds like "cashless society" constructs of the 90's era, but with a twist that doesn't make any sense.
I didn't get this part though:


No, Australia will never issue electronic cash that is not tied to your identity.
Authority makes brilliant people say stupid things.
@_date: 2015-03-18 20:32:57
I assume that *in the ideal situation* 100 x "up to" 15 minutes will give you 24 hour ground communications. That gives you 75 MB both ways per 10 minutes. Of course there will be a considerable amount of latency and overhead for propagation within the constellation, but without exact figures for these, 20 MB per 10 minutes doesn't look extreme.
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:35:15


You know, Bitcoin is not a handful of people on an online forum. Bitcoin does not promise anything, nor the Bitcoin "community". It's all about who you designate as peers and who you listen to.
There are probably more people who think Bitcoin is worthless than who think it will go to the moon tomorrow. Would this mean Bitcoin promises loss? Or is there another entity called anti-Bitcoin that we need to ascribe this "promising" act to?


We obviously disagree here, but I also differ with some other Bitcoin users in this. The speculative bubble aspect is not only not "essential" (why would it be?), it is actually damaging.
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:24:42
It matters for informed consumers, which I think is comprised of most adults. You will first notice the changes in increased prices in direct imports, mainly energy (oil, natural gas, etc.) but it does gradually affect everything, even social dynamics. Whether it will be bad depends on too many different factors.
@_date: 2015-03-13 11:11:22
So it's a banking API which doesn't work with accounts and doesn't require personal identification. Private forms of this have already failed, and I don't think governments are threatened by decentralized money enough to consider giving away so much control. If/when they are, then it probably (hopefully) would mean that people already know the difference.
@_date: 2015-03-16 09:10:24
Google Authenticator is fine, and you don't need to use an external API for it (which in this case was broken).
@_date: 2015-03-04 21:27:47
A Bitcoin "wallet" where you don't have explicit control of your own keys breaks the "intended" wallet metaphor (it is a different one). I wish we didn't call them wallets at all to make the distinction clear.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:21:52
We would probably agree on the fact that this sort of topic is upvoted tastelessly often.
 Argument-wise though, I think it is relevant as a counter-perspective to statements like "Bitcoin doesn't solve any of my problems" or "it is not a replacement to banks".
Apologies for the label though.
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:58:45
It seems there is more than a single point, which are admittedly hard to debate over short comments.
First is, there is no science without a clear statement of assumptions. What is suffering, other than "I know it when I see it"? You can reduce it to perception; introduction of some chemicals can annihilate suffering and inflict immeasurable joy on the subject, but we are somehow not discussing this as a measure against suffering.  It seems we want to use scientific method only when the results are guaranteed to be economically sound. Harris has a more detailed list of things that determine well being, but doesn't (and in fact can't) show a scientific basis for the selection.
Such examples are endless, but at a deeper level, the question is not "why", but "what". What makes life worth a damn in the first place? What gives human endeavor any value? The answers to these directly determine what the resulting moral structure will look like.
Basically, you certainly don't need religion to pick an arbitrary group of norms and run with them, but it doesn't remove any of the problems associated with doing so. Thoroughly tested in recent history.
Second, there is no such thing as not having an ontological theory. The only thing you can do is to hide behind rhetoric and not advertise what it is. Physicalism can seem to be the choice du jour, but neither there is a particular reason for it (other than social trends), nor is it clear that the assumptions in question are in fact physicalism. This is where "why" comes to play, and you would notice there is no way around being bogged down by it when you try to test your theses on other people who don't come with the same set of norms as you.
@_date: 2015-02-10 10:26:39


Why not [this](
@_date: 2015-03-29 16:17:56
Tracking cash flows through Bitcoin is more complicated than it sounds. If you are looking for a single trace connecting one input to an output (e.g. for a criminal investigation), you may have a chance, but verifying complete accounting over it is by itself both a forensics and logistical challenge.
I'm not saying it is not doable, but it requires Bitcoin specific rules and protocols in place, which "locally" reduces Bitcoin to a centralized system.
Which still can't be inflated or censored, both of which take power away from a war mongering state.
In all seriousness, an imperialistic power will not just stop waging war, no matter the consequence. Bitcoin is not the silver bullet that kills aggression once and for all, but is among the group of things that may help.
@_date: 2015-02-03 08:34:03
"Major player"s won't be the ones who accept bitcoin (without quotes). They already have an existing structure and won't change it completely just to benefit more from Bitcoin. If they did, most would begin blaming them for having ulterior motives or joining the "cult" anyway.
What's more likely to happen is, some small businesses creating longer supply chains that work on Bitcoin, others using Bitcoin in ingenious ways to compete with incumbents and yet others developing some new methods of commerce just to be adopted by major players. If and after these happen, we can see the quotes removed everywhere.
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:53:22
A couple of things I'd like to criticize, but of course these are all trade-offs:
- It doesn't seem to come with autoprune, which I would consider a requirement for a true plug-and-play Bitcoin node (i.e. will never run out of space).
- Upgrade path is unclear. Automated upgrades are dangerous and manual updates kind of defeat the purpose.
- The choice of Ubuntu feels like a bit of a waste. Combined with the above, it might make upgrades even more sophisticated. I'd imagine a lighter, customized OS (e.g. Arch) would be a better fit.
Regarding the price, I think it still makes sense both for convenience, and to support the guys who develop this. If successful, I imagine they will continue developing this thing, probably with custom software support and whatnot.
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:48:13
Why such a cartel cannot enforce anything:
* Mining is a misnomer, nothing is mined out. Any possibility of a threat, and we can just change the algo and completely destroy every single entity who have invested in mining. Hopefully fancier, more resilient, algorithms will be discovered in the coming 5 years, so such a change would actually contribute to the health of the network.
* There is no barrier of entry to mining. Energy costs and access to hardware are important, but you don't really need to be a prince to have a say on the matter. If some of them attempt price fixing, the remaining ones will eat the cream and expand.
* Giving into them means trustless currency is effectively dead, so it is not really an option. Any business that would cave in instead of producing a solution would be replaced by the users.
I don't have limitless optimism about Bitcoin's future; I just don't think this particular scenario is worth worrying about.
@_date: 2015-03-13 07:13:38
A naive question... I tend to connect all my nodes with each other and add as many other nodes I know and trust as possible. Would this help with this at all?
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:42:06
With a super naive calculation, wouldn't 1Mb both ways still be more than enough with a hundred ~15 minute passes per day?
@_date: 2015-02-24 10:40:32


I don't think you are considering all dynamics here. Also consider that this is being discussed hundreds of times through the years.
tl;dr: 95% of miners acting together proves that mining is not necessary. You can't resolve this contradiction with a scenario where that 95% remains in the business.


Fundamentally, miners don't have a much say in this matter, and I understand that you realize this, which is why you have this prerequisite:


Which is quite a challenge, since these people/entities don't have anything to gain by doing that, are spread around the globe and have a wide range of incentives/goals.
Without that, they are completely screwed, as said. The only cards miners can play is an attack on the remaining network, which users can [defend]( against (and fall back on more drastic measures if it doesn't work, which is a whole different discussion).
The real damage would be the proof that a large group of people who are competent enough to run a Bitcoin mining business can irrationally destroy themselves and harm others because of a movie bad-guy grade plan to make more money. Which would be a blow to the incentive scheme of Bitcoin.
Basically, no, not only miners control the network, technically all nodes do equally. But ultimately, currency users do, even if they don't directly operate nodes. So in order for your coup to work, these are required:
1. A user base that is somehow dependent on online wallets and exchanges to use the currency.
2. Majority of online wallets and exchanges willing to risk EVERYTHING to support the coup.
3. Traders and merchants that are practically sheeple with no initiative.
4. A community that just don't care about economic properties of the currency.
5. Otherwise competing miners conspiring to kill the golden goose.
I'm personally not worried about 2-5, but 1 is important to defend against, not only because of this proposed attack, but all other sorts of attacks that have that requirement.
@_date: 2015-02-23 08:40:42
Run it with `electrum -G 20`, where '20' is the number of addresses you want generated on top of the last used one (i.e. gap limit).
@_date: 2015-02-17 06:02:37
Of course not, but considering the whole problem is engineered by the mentality you are supporting, I fail to understand why you think it may reduce death and suffering this time. By which mechanism? By somehow eliminating the bad guy du jour? Like what is constantly being done in the region since WWI?
@_date: 2015-02-20 07:06:23


There are successful professionals, who don't come from rich families, that are certainly one percenters. At least speaking globally, but I suspect every country has a bunch of them.


Well, I remember when I didn't have a decent bed to sleep on, and now I *belong to it*, so while the fairness of it is debatable (IMO rich people waste too much in general), the sentiment doesn't seem to reflect reality.
@_date: 2015-02-17 13:30:30
The retards who are immune to Poe's law.
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:15:08
Yes, I completely agree. Just wanted to point out that they are congruent.
@_date: 2015-02-02 12:44:39
Startups need some revenue to exist, we are not talking about another Western Union here, not just yet at least. And answer is quite inspiring, certainly in the spirit you'd want:


I know a lady who said this in a corporate meeting once. She told me it caused an awkward silence and suspicious glances until someone else changed the subject. :-)
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:02:12
Technically a central bank can issue a digital currency using "such technology" but leave mining perfectly independent. In this case, they will have control over the issuing rate, but not the transactions.
Not to say that governments would ever prefer intentional lack of control, nor it would be attractive from an economical standpoint for users, but such amalgams are practically possible. We might see stuff like this for game currencies and such.
@_date: 2015-02-09 08:13:51
In the near future, the workaround will likely be trusted root certificates. The simplest process being the hardware wallet checking the payee's signature (BIP70 basically).
It's not really super satisfactory, but does away with the fundamental issues. I do expect even better solutions in the future. To me, the problem is the lack of user support for developers than anything else.
@_date: 2015-02-10 19:17:08
Quite true. The fact that you have problems with some banks tells you nothing about USD. It makes even less sense with Bitcoin because these entities do not *run* it. The only type of businesses I can think of that has that sort of role is the mining business.
@_date: 2015-03-25 22:05:46
If your VPN supports port forwarding, then yes. *(In the case of Tor "exit" nodes, I'd check the VPN provider's policy.)*
@_date: 2015-03-25 01:47:58


As much as I like Monero, your comment is still opportunistic and off-topic. This is not about regulation of how Bitcoin works. If it were (an equivalent of an attack on the network itself), then it would affect Monero similarly. But you know all this already...
@_date: 2015-02-22 13:45:06


Which is essentially a PRNG, too.
The explanation of is technically correct, although maybe not suitable for new learners.
@_date: 2015-03-28 14:07:18
But these are incompatible:




Consider that almost without exception, all social calamities of mankind was a result of some list of doctrines defining goodness -- what is best for men, and how can we help those around us achieve it.
I'm not claiming that this problem can be overcome, but I don't think we can even think about it without a proposed way to evaluate the measure itself. That is, the *philosophy* part of the rhetoric.
It seems to me that in his work, the "good" is something that is decided by a subgroup of western culture (i.e. he is preaching to the choir). Regardless of whether I agree (which I do actually, being mostly influenced by it), in principle the approach itself is exactly what the west has always been eager to fall for, be it the crusades or how they "helped" peoples of Africa, Americas and Asia so far.
It's all good when you talk about helping people out, but quite destructive in practice.
The "meaning" part of my response is more convoluted, but basically it is turtles all the way down without an ontological thesis. For instance, I can't tell whether life is important unless I accept some truth about what life is. Most people will tell you they value life and consciousness, spend considerable energy to harmfully restrain someone who would torture a cat on a YouTube video, while they are eating lamb chops on the side.
@_date: 2015-03-02 19:43:55


As an expat with accounts in different countries and travel often, I do exchange currencies regularly and exchange rates differ tremendously, even within the same bank depending on what type of customer you are, whether you are doing in on the Internet, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-10 10:23:21
I understand you are a troll, but just wanted to point out that off-chain Bitcoin transactions don't have to be single-custodian, which is the only option with fiat.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:26:54
a lot of people shouting at the same thing != consensus of the community
@_date: 2015-02-06 14:29:47
EDIT: Fixing my nonsensical beginning sentence.
I am pretty certain that the overall user base ~~will always remain on the winning side~~ can always afford to pick the side that supports the rules they prefer. The consensus is easier when the contrast is apparent (e.g. easily reasoned about without deeper technical knowledge), as long as there *is* a winning side.
On more blurry issues, like say block-size, miners' opinions become almost as important as exchanges or important payment processors, as you need them for a smooth transition.
So it's not very plausible to expect that a mere offer of better hashrate could sway the opinion of users on the matter of coin issuance. It would basically be the death of Bitcoin (both the change in rules and giving the reins to effectively a centralized consortium).
Rather than forking with greater hashrate, it's more rational for them to directly attack the network with greater hashrate and leave some for their new fork. All bets are off in the case of such violent attacks, since the users can then go on the offensive and fork with a different algorithm. So on and so forth...
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:39:20
I'm just saying that there already was a "non religious extremist education" in place and it didn't prevent anything. I just feel that you are trying hard to miss the obvious point. Sorry if it's not intentional.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:46:37


Bitcoin is not a company.
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:26:31
Yeah, total revenue leads mining power, doesn't follow it.
@_date: 2015-02-02 21:25:51
I think achieving consensus will become immensely difficult if millions begin using it (which is actually a bad thing), so it won't come down to whether Austrian economics is popular.
Besides, you also need to explain why Bitcoin would have become so popular despite the assumption that people don't like its properties.
@_date: 2015-02-16 08:46:13


Let's say a reputable external agenc(ies) is holding an authoritative number of keys (e.g. one of the keys in 2/2, ~~two~~ three of the keys in 3/5, etc.) and they do accounting sanity checks before broadcasting transactions. This is presumably (or hopefully) what Bitstamp is doing. It might even be possible to do some comprehensive examination of transfers without compromising too much on privacy.
This practically eliminates the risk of funds getting stolen directly by an external entity. Of course automated transfers are still vulnerable (though less so), so it's hard to tell without knowing which one is the most prevalent vector of attack.
All in all, it's not completely pointless, but also not an all in one solution. Exchanges definitely need to implement this nonetheless.
@_date: 2015-02-05 09:18:16
It's not the ultimate solution to all problems. It's just better. It can be made even better through electronic means, but only to a certain extent, which is very limited.
The general problem boils down to whether you can solve social problems by top-down control of the environment so that the society will not have to adapt to changes. It doesn't sound wise, but we are living in a world that we feel total destruction is around the corner, so we are trying to gain moments of prosperity instead of changing and adapting like a healthy persona with a future would do.
What's more absurd is actively trying to prevent the society from adapting to the situation though. Then again, maybe it's already too late for wisdom to take over.
@_date: 2015-03-13 20:49:16
So, you were talking about online banking. I understand that it is a worthy experience, but it is really not in the same category at all. Besides not being able to imagine kids logging into bank accounts over smartphones and doing SEPA (or whatever) transfers and waiting a working day (which incidentally took around 10 days for me during last christmas), there are issues of privacy (I very much prefer them to just keep their names and addresses secret, and not only online) and the fact that they will have very limited control regardless.
Closer to it is the mobile payment mechanisms you mentioned, although they are still "account"s. PayPal doesn't work if you are below 18. Couldn't test others since they didn't like my phone number, etc. Feel free to share your experience about your kids' utilization of these systems.
At this point, I fail to grasp why jumping through these hoops is a better option. I'm not saying any one of them is superior "in general", but Bitcoin is very well suited for educating kids about the three different aspects of value, responsible data management, privacy, security and the concept of money in general.
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:06:51
I'm pretty sure some of us don't think primary mission is getting people to adopt Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-26 11:43:00
These are two different issues really.
You are exactly right. If the tokens are an independent unit of account like Bitcoin, central bank would be forked out right away. Then again, you wouldn't use them in the first place, you would be using Bitcoin.
But just like the central bank can't control you, you can't control the central bank. You can't make them change their rules.
Maybe a game token is a more appropriate example here. Think something like Second Life, which has its own blockchain that allows people to transact without censorship. It might make sense (appealing to users who want true pseudonymity), ignoring the legal aspect.
But the game itself is operated by a central company. In this case, when you fork the chain, you won't be able to use the new currency within the game (you would need to fork the game also). However they can always fork however the please and you have to use their fork if you want to play the game with these tokens.
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:07:59
I love SEPA but you can't send money outside of Canada^* with it.
@_date: 2015-02-14 10:32:02


In that case I fail to see how free electricity helps at all either. Both your points are irrelevant, it's a competition and neither of these advancements change the cost, which is a function of block reward+fees. And vice versa.
You almost nailed it in your next post:


So yeah, if Bitcoin doesn't scale up, it can't scale up.
I find all these a bit meaningless without a definition of the potential adversaries.
@_date: 2015-02-06 13:30:02
Mining power doesn't give you any fundamental voting power in forks. (You can attack forks with it, but you can't enforce change of rules.)
In the past, miners' votes have been used by the developers to decide on an issue, but it is not a part of the system. Node operators are always free to choose which version to run, and they have the ultimate power.
As an example, I nor anyone else wouldn't magically decide to accept a removal of the cap just because more than half the miners decided to work on that fork. In reality, our hashrate would just decrease, and their coins (effectively an altcoin) would be completely worthless.
Miners' opinion matter in two other ways though. One is, you want them to support your version so that it will remain secure. You also don't want to piss them off too much because they can attack your network (assuming you remain on the same algorithm).
@_date: 2015-02-16 17:26:42
I guess it doesn't cover everything you said. :-)
For instance:


The idea is using multi-sig "hot" wallets (i.e. a required number of keys are technically "online", but they are in control of separate entities).
When you say people using multisig wallets is irrelevant (which the linked post seems to be about), you are right. You also think they are useless at the backend as well, which is wrong.
Regarding automated transfers, I think there is a lot that can be done with the aid of multi-sig (consider the example in petertodd's response).
@_date: 2015-02-09 11:43:06
Yes, at least the root of the hierarchy needs to come with the signed flash (i.e. you basically need to trust the hardware wallet itself). It's the same model with https.
I don't believe any hardware wallet is doing this currently, and this isn't even yet adopted by soft wallets, even though the specifications are out there for some time now. But it *is* a proper solution.
Trezor supports M of N, and AFAIK there are implementations of what you have proposed (Greenaddress?), but I haven't used any myself.
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:07:32
So, basically, Electrum.
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:40:52
The forum is almost taken over. Decent answers like "multi-sig" and hardware wallets are not entirely buried though, so there is still hope I guess...
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:21:55
MyTrezor also handles it on my Firefox.
@_date: 2015-02-17 13:23:16


You do realize that Saddam had a secular regime, and Ba'ath in general, including in Syria, is relatively secular, don't you?
Extremists took over because you took down the secular socialists.
Not to excuse any player in this equation, but the situation is not really that complicated.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:45:17
I can practically upload 200GB a *day* from home, and my connection is not the most expensive one (I'm paying ~30 EUR a month). So I'll just assume that storage, not bandwidth, will be the biggest problem.
Then again, hobbyists can just store a pruned chain and leave the archiving to the industry.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:44:54
Yup. Edits on a technical wiki and updates on an open source repository are the sort of things that powers that be have controlled us all along...
What does freedom even mean, when you have to get off your ass and submit a bug report every damn time you want something changed? Why waste time with getting into senseless technical discussions on an obscure wiki page when you can spend your time screaming on public forums for self promotion?
@_date: 2015-02-28 04:11:57
Trezor is deterministic (HD), which means if you have the seed and password correct, it will always generate the same addresses. This standard is not limited to Trezor, so even if you don't have one, you could generate the same wallet using any other system following the same standard (BIP32, etc.).
So if you don't get back your transaction history, either your seed or the password is wrong. Keep in mind that you won't get an error if you enter the wrong password. The only way of knowing you've entered the correct password is the generation of the correct wallet. This ensures that you can generate decoy wallets as a measure against rubber-hose cryptanalysis.
Now, judging by your post, it doesn't really look like the above but rather like a problem with MyTrezor. If you are really worried and technically capable, you could connect to the wallet with Electrum 2.0 just to check it out.
@_date: 2015-02-05 09:40:50
To play the devil's advocate here, policy makers of developing nations leech off of developed nations when it gets to new tactics to "organize" society. Even if NY did not have immense influence over the entire globe, which it has, it will still give enough excuse to these guys to arbitrarily extend their reach. Let's hope that there are enough jurisdictions left that are controlled by people who can think.
@_date: 2015-02-28 04:45:24
I don't think something can be a company or business without some form of proprietorship. Nothing owns Bitcoin, so it is not a business.
I guess you are arguing that Bitcoin mining functions like a co-op, but Bitcoin does not solely consist of miners, and even that part itself is open to public. That is, I can come and mine, perfectly without their permission. If something resembles a natural resource more than a business, I would be wary of using such categories for guidance.
@_date: 2015-02-13 16:16:10
It's not just one person, and they've been ~~brigading~~ upvoting "criticism" for some time now.
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:57:52


Humans would likely do most of it, though sometimes unknowingly. For instance you could tip less or give a bad rating for a car that is not properly serviced, and other cars might discover the correlation and prefer to avoid the same service later on even if the information is not explicit. Cars would also care about their friends/family/syndicate, and call for help if one of them disappears.
They might easily be fooled though, so this would take decades of trial and error assuming there is even political will. Also, as we are very unlikely to invent brains that we can't control, human brain (and social structure) is going to be the most preferred environment for obscuring information for a long time, and machines will hire us for that purpose. For instance in this specific topic, cars would use 2-of-2 multisig, having one of the keys controlled by a system more strictly controlled by humans.
It seems human accountants and lawyers might still be a key component, even in a machine dominated world. :-)


If it ever happens, I think it would be more like a new sort of public service sponsored by the public, i.e. crowdfunded.
It could also be some sort of debt relationship instead of equity stake for the builders, although it then raises the question of why. If there is some preference towards machine self-ownership by user/consumer, it might satisfy that condition.
As long as machines will do the service itself, I'm quite open to the possibility of a better outcome if they are not centrally controlled by humans. The list of machines I use and dislike almost entirely consists of systems engineered to be controlled by a centralized structure.
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:04:52


I completely agree with you there; you won't. In practice, blockchain is of no use to Bank of England.
My response was not to the article, but a mere correction to sumBTC that it is indeed possible to decentralize only one aspect of such systems, and there may be future use cases for it.
I have read some State supporters here arguing that while the State is necessary, it can be separated from finance. I imagine they would believe that it is a use case, however disconnected from reality the idea is.


Fees should be enough as an incentive; otherwise Bitcoin is screwed as well.
As in the game example, the incentive to mine the central bank currency can be perfectly external. Like being able to pay your taxes with it, being seamlessly interoperable with conventional banking system, etc.
What the central bank would keep is the ability to print money at will, and a kill switch for the system if they want to. What they would lose is the ability to censor transactions. As I said, this might be attractive for a game currency, but never for the government.
@_date: 2015-02-11 21:47:28
The context is quite clear IMHO, and I don't think there is anything absurd in what is meant.


@_date: 2015-02-09 11:55:29
Bitcoin is not specifically designed as an investment vehicle and since there are no precedents, no one really knows how it might perform.
I think it is a good idea to learn about and get involved with it first, both for the experience itself and also to be able to make your own mind about its practical consequences.
@_date: 2015-02-09 17:01:14
Maybe not, but they are free to use other ways to intimidate you. Best protection is destroying the data altogether.
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:46:57
In Bitcoin, new coins come from generation transactions, which create coins from nothing but are considered valid. Coming up with a form of generation transaction that gives a particular authority issuing rights is not really a significant modification. Easiest would be having a static list of public keys and checking signatures against them.
I guess in practice you would likely want some restrictions for issuance, revocation certificates for keys, etc. so the actual implementation would be a tad more complicated than that.
Think of it as a premined altcoin with zero block reward with an infinite premine. :-)
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:48:37
There is a single transaction to that address, so all is clear.
@_date: 2015-02-03 13:13:50
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:37:17
How come the obvious solution is voted -1 and the guy shouting "currency of the future!" has 16 votes?
@_date: 2015-02-07 20:03:12
Taxes are quite hard to collect actually, and they don't really work unless you have tamed your population really well *and* there is a sufficient level of prosperity. States of developing nations work around this by getting in bed with large corporations (an amalgam of crony capitalism and giving into western imperialism), which pay their taxes and employ the population (i.e. people never have to actually "pay" taxes, since they never get it in the first place).
This is a bit of a caricature of what's really happening, but I think it's close enough for the topic at hand. Controlling the currency issue itself is a good measure against the relatively poor, who are worst at voluntarily paying taxes. Bitcoin just won't work.
Now the question is, how can Ecuador keep its digital (virtual?) USD's value from decoupling from actual USD?
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:59:31
Of course. Then again, I don't think we will transcend to the VISA-network level until the next iteration of connectivity technology (think 10x).
If it happened all of a sudden, hobbyists that can't afford sufficient hosting would have to quit (and likely pool funds). It would be bad, but not devastating. Unforeseen bottlenecks would likely be the biggest problem.
@_date: 2015-02-21 20:31:09
Evidently we are not at a point where Bitcoin is stable enough, accessible enough and acceptable enough for you to use.
However, besides following the movement and pondering about Bitcoin, which I think is a contribution by itself, you might come up with ingenious ways to attain Bitcoin (e.g. doing online work), which might incite others to get interested, so on and so forth.
This is how it is going to happen, if ever. Some people will want it to succeed because it has a place in their view of the world, experiment with it, do productive stuff with it and help others discover it by showing how it can be useful, or directly making it more useful.
Here's a veggieburger to get you started. @_date: 2015-02-16 08:24:25
Judging by the votes it's apparently yours, because if you made cynical jokes and called people delusional all day long, people would just magically start questioning things and all would be well. Or, you would only be contributing to an unhealthy environment where no one listens to each other. Hmm...
@_date: 2015-02-27 16:05:37
It's pitchfork time so you will naturally get voted down.
The vagueness around the wallet concept is prone to abuse, and clear distinctions between different types of storage is a good thing to have IMHO. Since you can't inject the new terms directly into people's minds, daily language and the technical wiki losing sync is not really a bad thing. When I want to learn about the stuff in depth, I would prefer it to use clear terms.
I don't think a compromise is needed, and fixing the changes that are really out of place is certainly less work than people collectively have spent on reddit bashing ljr.
@_date: 2015-02-06 13:20:08
It is quite like how open source software works.
Anyone can change anything in Bitcoin. Having more coins doesn't give you any advantages actually (besides the advantages of being rich of course). Whether you own half of all the coins or none, you can change whatever you want.
What you can't do is, force me to accept your change through the system itself. Even if you had most of the coins, I am free to deny any participation in your fork, so would everyone else.
They could try to do it violently though. Enforce acceptance of their blockchain through legal means, try to corner the mining market and attack the networks that don't support their change, arrest developers or maintainers that don't support their version, etc. All in all, not very likely, and also not very likely to succeed if tried.
@_date: 2015-02-19 11:47:43
You can run Bitcoin Core with the `-connect=&lt;ip&gt;` option. For `&lt;ip&gt;` you can use the local IP of your well connected node.
@_date: 2015-02-03 11:38:53
I wonder why we are still not crying for government involvement to protect us from the inevitable "BitCoin Mining Squeeze". Or why it didn't happen in 2011 but is supposed to happen now...
I also don't get where he is going with Karpeles being nowhere to be found (except here on Reddit, IRC, twitter and actual physical meetings maybe?) and the "type" of people who are after it (apparently so dangerous that there has been multitude of cardboard sign attacks on his person).
A bit of skepticism is good, but we should expect more than mere repetition of the same old arguments.
@_date: 2015-02-08 20:46:07
You started properly, but it's not why you got called a troll. I sincerely hope that you understand this.
This is where your "criticism" ends:


I don't see the difference between beginning with "you people" and "you trolls". Maybe the latter sounds angrier because it's more specific? You started it, someone got the bait.
@_date: 2015-02-03 12:07:39
Apologies in advance, since the topic is about listing names, not digging deep into their arguments. I hadn't seen that video before and got a bit disappointed, that's all.


Except the emphasis on the "51% attack", they are pretty much the same since I encountered Bitcoin on Slashdot in 2010.
It's a bit odd to state in 2014 that no one will spend Bitcoin, since we had empirical evidence of people spending more when exchange rates go up. This is not surprising since Bitcoin is not and will never be a guaranteed deflationary investment (i.e. not spending means you think you are smarter than the market). My conclusion could be totally wrong of course, but the topic deserves a much better analysis than what is being offered.


Sure, I'm just saying that he has ignored many factors which could have been revealed in a two sided discussion, and made a (so far) failed prediction. Maybe he should have used more extreme numbers (same advice to Prof. Williams).
Besides, it's partly a retrospect because the same elements were present (even with a higher coefficient than he has proposed) during the 2011 crash.
@_date: 2015-02-14 16:23:35
Apparently it's [bidirectional with a 200 EUR limit]( [ATM Radar]( has the exact location. Can OP confirm?
By the way I thought there were 2 ATM's in the area?
@_date: 2015-02-16 15:05:00
Actually tipping is just an idea; I don't come from a tipping culture so I don't know. I'd rather give ratings myself (similar functionality to tips, but more private), but I also wouldn't have a philosophical problem with tipping mechanical things. After all it is about supporting norms you favor.
I think all this is orthogonal to regulation. If you really want to get rid of safety regulations, there is a lot more that needs to be done, and a lot more to be invented.
@_date: 2015-02-16 08:31:18


It is effectively two factor authentication, and one of the most important reasons devs had rushed pay-to-script-hash years ago. Actually it's a shame it hasn't been widely adopted for personal wallets for so long.
However I would agree that having a secondary entity hold one of the keys can increase convenience and sometimes security.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:57:59
You separate the keys so that they cannot be accessed from a single location. In Bitstamp's case, keys are separated between the exchange and the payment processor.
Now, this prevents theft of the funds through the hot wallet, but you still have automation to worry about.
The trivial things to implement should be obvious (limits per user, total limit per time interval, etc. so that you won't lose all funds even if the exchange is completely taken over).
There are many things you can do besides some rudimentary sanity checks though. One of them is having both these entities do the verification of withdrawal info independently, which is what Peter's talking about.
@_date: 2015-02-26 02:31:01
Same way Bitcoin "enforces" control over issuance. You can always fork it, but your fork becomes a different currency. This is what we tell everyone when they ask why Bitcoin's rules can't be changed. It's not that the rules can't be changed, but external factors (incentives, network effect, etc.) make it unappealing.
I'm not saying good enough external factors would exist for all these cases (quite the contrary), but rather miners actually don't have much of a role here.
Say, in our fictional world, central bank deems this currency equivalent to their fiat. Now, you don't like their rules and fork. Your fork has the same state as their network, but with the rules you want, However, you can't transact between two forks. They will not treat your new currency as an equivalent. It's basically play money now.
@_date: 2015-02-24 05:44:33
The guy is a member of the buttcoin brigade, and apparently that form of deceit is not trolling, but instead, surprisingly insightful "criticism".
@_date: 2015-02-17 07:19:41
Again, by what mechanism will your aggressive solutions solve the problems? It doesn't make sense to continue this discourse without acknowledging this question.




I hope your realize that your above two statements are in conflict.
So, we can examine the past and see that all of this is a result of maniacal aggression, influenced and sometimes initiated by interest groups who manufactured pretenses and fed to you guys. So we have ISIS now, but it's just the beginning. Continue believing that bombing your way out of this mess is a rational thing to do, and I promise we will see a lot worse, and sooner than you realize.
