@_author: fattersurfer
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:43:37


No, that's exactly what it is. What good is a counterfeit dollar if I don't spend it? Counterfeits, exactly like currencies, derive their utility exclusively from the transaction that follows. There is no economic difference between counterfeit transactions and counterfeit money. Fraudulent spending is economically identical to counterfeiting, and if you're saying that "but it's okay because you can't make fake btc" then you're the one claiming arguing about the difference between a crow and a jackdaw. And as a result, you're entirely missing my point:
"Bitcoin is absolutely vulnerable to fraudulent spending, and if we don't maturely address those vulnerabilities, instead of plugging our ears and ignoring the necessarily imperfect nature of being the first cryptocurrency, then it will bite us in the ass."
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:32:29
Agreed, and in turn, the US is backed by its constituency, through acceptance. And in that sense, you're absolutely correct, USD is also backed by acceptance.
"Legitimacy by acceptance" as a principle is true of literally any system involving more than one person, though, presuming you believe in free will. My individual, voluntary decision to limit the options available to me (not stealing things, not trespassing, etc) are contingent upon me accepting the social and political pressures placed upon me. Those political pressures in turn only exist because the majority of people also accept the system; if suddenly the majority of people in the US believe not just that the current government is without consent, but that the very institution of government is without merit, then that system would cease to exist. That's not to say there wouldn't still be social pressures towards conformance with a set of "rules", just that the government wouldn't be the institution that dishes out the law of the land.
@_date: 2014-07-23 01:43:34
The inverted pendulum problem is a lot easier than this because there isn't external actuation -- the only forces acting on the stick are gravity, and especially for a rigid stick, that's a pretty easy problem.  The difficulty increases exponentially when you introduce a non-conservative arbitrary forcing function (like someone moving around), especially if you care about absolute positioning (if you're trying to keep the glass in the exact same place, eventually you collide with the person wearing the harness).  Not to mention the fact that you have to infer (accelerometers, gyros, etc) your absolute position, which results in positional drift over time as the overall accuracy of your integration degrades.  As I said, to achieve the level of stability and positional stagnancy that they have in the video is a very nontrivial problem.
As an aside, through an interesting series of coincidental laws of physics, it's [significantly easier]( to do this with a quadcopter, so long as the only constraint you place on the glass is "don't spill anything".
@_date: 2014-10-01 00:06:39
Ultrasound would probably be a better bet, but it'd be crazy hard to devise a protocol capable of managing it because everyone would be trying to use the same communications channel and it would start to look like straight noise. You'd have to do some kind of crazy frequency modulation -- you'd probably need to do this with light as well.
You can jam all of these to a certain extent. Alternatively, you can get really close and let the signal overwhelm the jamming, in a certain technological homage to the occupy wall street [human microphone]( In a massive localized mesh like this, that's probably your best bet, but it's going to drain your battery something fierce.
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:23:08
In what way?
Define counterfeit:






How does double-spending not fit this definition? In both cases, someone is attacking a vulnerability of the currency in order to create virtual value in a fraudulent manner. Sure, the specifics of it are different, but the underlying principle is the same. The 51% attack is the epitome of counterfeiting: it exposes the entire blockchain to counterfeit branches.
Bitcoin is absolutely vulnerable to fraudulent spending, and if we don't maturely address those vulnerabilities, instead of plugging our ears and ignoring the necessarily imperfect nature of being the first cryptocurrency, then it will bite us in the ass.
@_date: 2014-08-11 21:45:44


Except it's not, hence all of the concern about double-spending vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2014-10-01 00:59:56
Yeah, speaker and microphone can both do ultrasound. There are various phone apps you can use to test that.
I really think the best approach (if you have low-level access) is to jam the jammer -- jammers work by overwhelming the signal with noise. So if you amplify the signal tremendously, you make it exponentially more difficult to jam. If you sync up all of the device clocks well enough and choose a slow enough transmit frequency, you could have each device repeating the traffic of another device, overwhelming the jammer.
That overcomes all of the hardware reasons why we normally don't use sound or light for these kinds of networking.
@_date: 2014-07-23 00:20:45
"Totally doable" ehhhh, I wouldn't go that far, it'd be very, very difficult to have the level of stability they show in the video.  There's a lot of work going into this for camera stability rigs, though.
@_date: 2015-01-25 01:48:11
Thanks, I couldn't for the life of me get a good first lead.
@_date: 2015-01-25 00:23:45
The author(s) are talking about money in general. The idea is (this is referencing the philosophy of currency itself, I'm trying to find some sources for this but I'm coming up short on the right terminology for it) that money itself is an abstraction for the concept of debt. Money itself is valueless; it's just paper or bits or whatever. Our society's group decision to use money as a medium of exchange is the only thing giving it value. So the idea is that money, as a concept, has arisen out of a group need to describe the value of an interchange, and it persists only on the presumption of future exchange -- or in other words, sociological "debt".
@_date: 2014-07-23 20:46:01
There's a big difference between what you're describing and what's shown in the clip. You're describing steadicam, which dampens translational acceleration and minimizes rotations. But in the clip, the glass remains quite stationary, despite translation and rotation of the harness. That's a fundamentally different mode of operation, and again, exponentially more difficult.
@_date: 2013-11-10 20:35:00
That's actually a really interesting idea.  It's entirely possible that bitcoin might be *less* volatile than some of Africa's fiat currencies.  With extremely widespread mobile adoption, it just might be possible to spur substantial bitcoin adoption with something like this.  If you can get the money to distribute it, that is.
@_date: 2013-06-02 06:27:00
Jesus that's a smart idea.  You could go from "cheers" figuratively to "have a beer on me" literally.
@_date: 2013-11-05 08:47:39
Crowbar cryptography is the best defense against hard encryption.
@_date: 2013-11-06 02:49:16
Thank you for supplying the terms I was too lazy to search for but knew full well existed!