@_author: fausterion18
@_date: 2018-12-17 07:59:21






Your "belief" or assertion that the IRS is just too slow to "catch" all of the people who have read Petes book is just plain silly. Do you know how many people work for the IRS? Do you know what they do all year?!?!?! Do you know how many more were hired in the last 15 years since Pete wrote his book??
Keep an eye on this list; [ It's a hot topic and it's also getting longer every year.
Why would I do that when the IRS already did it for me?


No I just enjoy making fun of morons like you. How do you think I stumbled across your post? Your dumb thread got linked in a comedy subreddit I visit.


Nah you're clearly a paid shill or the author himself. If you were just a reader, why haven't you put his ideas into action? Instead you spend all your time on random subreddits shilling for him.
@_date: 2018-12-17 05:13:45






So you admit your first two links were total red herrings. Concession acceptd.


I didn't read the entire third document, it's not my responsibility to sort through the mountains of bullshit you link.
 






This is literally the standard within the US legal process, you're completely and utterly full of shit.


It was over $20k, and he was sentenced to prison for 33 months for tax fraud. Why are you surprised that the government enforces the law? Why do you keep refusing to acknowledging that your guru was convicted and sent to prison for tax fraud?


The IRS processes hundreds of millions of returns every year, why is it such a surprise to you that they make mistakes? Every year they make literally millions of mistakes. Estimates put annual tax evasion in the tens of billions of dollars.


The truth is you're a moron.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:27:51


"Brutal truths" that you will not apply yourself because you've been thrown in prison for it already, ROFLMAO.
@_date: 2018-12-17 03:47:10
Yes, both the founder and operator for the losthorizons site you linked and multiple people who tried what he suggested have been convicted of tax fraud and sentenced to prison.
 *After a three-day jury trial, Hendrickson was found guilty on October 26, 2009, on all 10 counts. On April 19, 2010, he was sentenced to 33 months in prison, along with one year (originally reported as six years) of supervised release following his incarceration. He was also ordered to pay a $25,000 fine, and the costs of his prosecution. Id., (4/19/2010). Original reports indicated Hendrickson would also be required to pay about $30,000 in restitution. However, the government recalculated the restitution amount as $15,672, and that amount was the amount of restitution eventually ordered by the Court. The trial judge later issued a written opinion denying Hendrickson's motion for acquittal or a new trial. Among other things, the judge rejected Hendrickson's challenges to the instructions given to the jury on the meanings of “wages” and “employee,” the court stating that Hendrickson “was not entitled to jury instructions reflecting his own views as to the purported meanings of the terms 'wages' and 'employee' under the Internal Revenue Code” because “the courts have uniformly held that the ordinary remuneration received by privately employed workers qualifies as taxable 'wages' under the Internal Revenue Code.” The court also pointed out that the judgment against Hendrickson in the erroneous refund suit described above was an “explicit rejection” of his position. United States v. Peter Hendrickson, 2010 TNT 81-15, n. 5, No. 2:08-cr-20585-DML-DAS (U.S.D.C. E.D. Mich. 4/26/2010),* [*affirmed in part and reversed in part, No. 10-1726 (6th Cir. 2/8/2012)*]( *(per curiam) (conviction affirmed but sentencing vacated and remanded for re-sentencing without two upward departures that the appeals court found to have been improper), cert. den., Sup. Ct. Dkt. No. 11-1345 (6/11/2012).* 
While it's possible some IRS employees(or automated IRS software) may have been confused by their SovCit tactics and incorrectly issued a refund, the ones they do catch end up in prison if they do not fix their bullshit and pay up.
@_date: 2018-12-17 07:32:30


Because you're batshit insane.


It's called basic logic and Google.






Why would I read his nonsensical book when I know what the end result is? Namely he got thrown in prison for practicing tax fraud.
Wait a minute, are you the author? Is that why you're shilling his book so hard? Because you want to make a quick buck off gullible idiots?
@_date: 2018-12-17 02:38:59
He'd be much better off if he had used the money to buy an actual lambo. Even a new huracan would have only depreciated like 20% over the past year.
@_date: 2018-12-17 21:54:06
Lmao look at this pathetic shill, I directly linked court documents with judges that have thoroughly debunked your nonsense and yet you think linking your intentional misinterpretation of the law is going to...accomplish what exactly? Make yourself look dumber?
It's pretty hilarious a shill like you is accusing me of shilling. Literally every single one of your posts in your three months posting history have consisted of shilling for this guy's book, nothing else, all you do is shill 24/7.
@_date: 2018-12-17 03:53:26


I'm not "saying" he was thrown in jail, it is a fact that he was thrown in jail for tax fraud(filing false tax returns).
Here is his appeal getting denied:
*GERALD E. ROSEN, District Judge.*
*Defendant Peter Hendrickson was convicted by a jury on ten counts of filing a false document with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7206(1), and he was sentenced to a 33-month term of imprisonment in a judgment entered on May 25, 2010. Following an appeal and a remand for resentencing, Defendant's prison term was reduced to 27 months through an amended judgment entered on May 17, 2012. Defendant completed this term of imprisonment shortly thereafter, and currently is serving a one-year term of supervised release. Through the present motion filed on December 26, 2012, Defendant requests that his conviction and sentence be vacated on two grounds.*[*1*]( the reasons set forth below, the Court finds that Defendant has failed to identify a basis for the relief sought in his motion.*


Most IRS tax returns are processed by automated software, and his "tactic" consists of people filing false returns that claim $0 on their wages. It's very possible for many of them to slip through review and the automated system to issue a refund based on their claim of $0 taxable income. The IRS largely works on voluntary disclosure and trust, they don't have anywhere near the resources needed to process each tax return with a real live person. Consequently many of these people do get away with it, but many of them also get caught:


Nope, never happened. Why would you believe the US government would attempt to censor a book when they don't even censor bomb making guides? What evidence do you have for this claim?


I'm not speaking for anyone but myself, you are aware you're posting on a public forum right?














It's called Google, and I've linked you both a local news report and the actual appeal. If you choose to be willfully ignorant it's not my problem. Go ahead and try this bullshit and see if you get lucky. Maybe you'll get away with it, maybe the IRS will fine you and throw you in prison if you persist.
@_date: 2018-12-17 20:34:10


No, you're shilling to get book sales, nothing else. I checked your posting history, you've only been on reddit for three months and you've spent literally the entire time shilling for this book. In 119 comments you've mentioned "losthorizons" 69 times and "tax" 168 times. You are clearly a shill who does nothing but shill for this man's book. Assuming you aren't him in the first place.






















Lol I've been on reddit for 4 years and this is the first time I've even said anything about the IRS. Nice try shill.
I don't see you putting this book into action. Why aren't you doing it? Is it because you're been thrown in prison for tax fraud already and the judge warned you that if you do it again you'll go immediately to jail?


By whom? Redditors certainly seem to agree with me and disagree with you.


HAHAHAHAH you're literally begging people to spend money on your book, pathetic.
His name is Peter. Your familiar form of addressing is proof that you're either Hendrickson himself, or you're one of his friends/family/close associates rather than "someone who likes to read" as you claimed earlier. Good job exposing yourself lmao.
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:09:34


Yeah, multiple court rulings which you ignored. 


I am? So you've applied Hendrickson's books to your tax returns? Show me evidence.


Someone who thoroughly destroyed your nonsense after you were laughed at by the rest of the sub?


I'm not your friend, shill.
@_date: 2018-12-17 04:17:08














Absolutely, nothing in those links prove your claim in the slightest. First link is the IRS asking him to prove why his promotion of tax shelter(with investors) should not be fined. Second link is just a standard service notice for a lawsuit, third is nonsense he wrote himself.
Now, do you still dispute that the owner of that site Hendrickson was sentenced to prison for filing false tax returns because he actually tried to use the tactics he espouses?






I see dozens of examples of Hendrickson photoshops. Why did he go to prison if this was legal? Why did his followers get fined if this was legal?


Most are from "the early days" because the IRS didn't understand what was happening with this Sov Citizen bullshit. Now they have a guide to it for their employees.


I would love to be part of this campaign, that would mean I'd actually get paid for discrediting nutsos like you. Where do I sign up?
Are you still pretending that Hendrickson wasn't sent to prison for tax fraud? I like how his website promoting his books conveniently leaves out the part where he goes to prison for practicing what he preaches.