@_author: fceh
@_date: 2016-04-10 21:45:17
My agenda is that I invested in Bitcoin and Satoshi's vision, and I hold over 250 Bitcoins.  I want Bitcoin to succeed and follow Satoshi's vision.  How dare I be greedy.
@_date: 2016-04-11 10:34:46
Yeah I am a prophet of Satoshi.  I am spreading his vision and technology.  Classic has between 5 and 7 percent of hash power just in the first month, so I don't know how that could be called "not significant".  Of course you have been in a censored sub for months and have no clue what is going on.
@_date: 2016-04-10 21:34:16
A lot of people sold after it appeared that Core did not want to follow Satoshi's vision anymore and would not increase the blocksize.  Many people think BlockStream is in some conspiracy to cripple Bitcoin and hold it back so they can profit off their tier 2 solutions. This is what spurred Classic, which has a significant amount of support although still the vast minority.  Once Satoshi reveals himself the project can have a true leader again that follows Satoshi's vision and Satoshi can try to persuade the community of his vision once again.  While only one man, he would still have incredible influence and it would vastly increase the chances of Bitcoin's success and a blocksize increase and getting Bitcoin back from the grips of Core and BlockStream.  This would seriously increase the price and create a lot of confidence.
Also there is the issue of the 1.1 million Bitcoin that Satoshi holds in the Tulip Trust, where he claims the funds could be used to enhance the value and position of Bitcoin.  Having certainty over these coins would be very good for investors and make them confident to invest.  It would also show that the Bitcoin network has 1.1 million BTC in value ready to improve the system, which can only be a good thing compared to the coins being mysterious in origin and intent.
@_date: 2016-04-11 10:24:48
Well Satoshi Nakamoto the inventor of Bitcoin thought that Bitcoin was capable of scaling to Visa levels and beyond, here is the proof:  
I guess that is why many are afraid that Satoshi will reveal himself as Craig Wright soon, because if Bitcoin scales on its own then no need for companies like Blockstream who will no longer be able to profit off their tier 2 solutions.