@_author: fdhsdf2345234
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:06:14
when mtgox receives your wire transfer they'll get your name and address (it's in the information your bank sends them) - and then they'll check it against your mtgox account and make sure the names match.. I guess it's an attempt to stop people emptying other people's hacked accounts through mtgox (although what's to stop them just opening an mtgox account in the right name? i'm not sure). btw other exchanges such as bitcoin-24.com and bitstamp.net don't have this restriction anyway (you can send money from any account) and have decent liquidity and also don't require any 'verification'.
anyway the important thing to keep in mind really is that from the bank's perspective you're sending a wire transfer to a foreign company and you need to include your invoice or payment reference number in the wire so that they know it's from you. regarding the recipient's address.. often I've just put in a partial address or even just the city name.. it doesn't really matter - i think it's mainly a throwback to the days when wires were processed entirely manually and you might make a mistake with the account number and the address is just another way they could figure out who it was for.. it's not important for the wire to go through.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:37:41
well i mostly submit them through online banking these days so there was noone to complain about me doing it wrong :p I guess that mtgox must have their postal address somewhere on their site although I don't have my credentials here to check right now.
edit; 
 Mt.Gox
 Cerulean Tower 15F,
 Sakuragaoka-cho 26-1, Shibuya-ku
 Tokyo, Japan
 150-8512
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:32:17
maybe next time call the mtgox code an 'invoice number' or 'bill reference' instead.. it does sound like you were dealing with some fairly ignorant staff though :/
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:22:16
regarding the 'fellswargo' transaction; it sounds like you told them you were sending money to 'your' account in japan.. while technically true, I think the process would have gone better if you'd said you were wiring money to MTGOX's account in Japan, and given them MTGOX's Japanese address. While they don't always ask for it, it's not unusual to specify the postal address of the recipient of a wire transfer. The fact that you have an account with mtgox is kindof irrelevant to the bank making the wire transfer (And it sounds as though this confused the issue), other than the fact that you need to make sure they include the reference number so that MTGOX knows it's for your account.