@_author: feakydeakydude
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:26:15
My post wasn't meant to be factual, was just sharing my opinion. While I did link my post in over there it got 11 upvotes, and 10 downvotes, I also just said I told them my opinion. I don't think a ridiculous amount of influence came from that post. I also wrote that in about 5 minutes right before bed, so I didn't spend too much time editing and researching for that. 


Nothing concrete. I just watch a lot of SC2, and I notice that TB does a great job promoting his sponsors. The idea of a sponsor overlay in GameHeart was his, and I feel like he talks about his sponsors more positively, and more often than other teams. TB is pretty transparent, I'm sure if you all asked him he'd be able to accurately tell you how many people your 5k will reach. [Here]( is a write up TB did after he ran a shoutcraft tournament sponsored by Ting.com. So I'm sure he'd be pretty straight forward with how many  people you could reach for your money. 


Not quite sure what you meant by this? Maybe that having 3 players in Ro16 isn't impressive? Having 3 out of 5 players qualify for the Ro16 is still impressive. Especially since they all won 2-0 The tournament is still ongoing and (hopefully) those players will keep advancing and getting exposure. 


Fair enough, SC2 doesn't **easily** get 100K+, but we do get 100K+. WCS is still the largest tournament, and Axiom players do well in it, getting a lot of exposure. 


Yeah I said I was a bit biased in the beginning of the post. I honestly thought my post would get maybe 5 upvotes tops. Had I known it would explode I would have written a more researched, less biased post, but I stand by what I said. In my opinion, Axiom would be the best SC2 team to sponsor. 


I don't have any concrete numbers to back this up. That would be a question to ask TB. Perhaps a tournament sponsorship, player sponsorship, smaller team, or a team on a different game would be better to sponsor. I think the best thing to do would be to ask a could different teams Axiom/Dota Team/LoL team/ect and pick who seems to reach the most people in the target audience. 
@_date: 2014-11-06 17:26:03
Silk Road 2.0 was probably the least secure darknet market too. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 17:09:39
That has literally never happened to me. And I withdraw money regularly from TCF ATMs. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 07:12:15
I'm a lurker on but a regular on so I'm pretty biased but let me tell you we would be ecstatic to see any Starcraft team get sponsored. Axiom would especially give good ROI as far as SC2 teams go. 
TB is easily one of the best advertisers out there, his players get pretty decent view numbers on their streams. They are all excellent players, that usually place pretty high in any tournament. As of right now 3 players are in WCS America's Ro16, and I wouldn't be surprised to see at least one of them make it to the Ro4, if not finals. (WCS is the biggest tournament in SC2, view numbers for each regional finals easily reaches 100K+. His team also participates in Starbow Tournaments, performs well in Team Leagues(won a GSTL, and got second in Acer TeamStory) and I'd be willing to bet we will see Axiom players at various MLG's, DreamHacks, IEMs, ect through the next 6 months + Acer Teamstory Cup season 3 was just announced and I'm 90% sure Axiom is in that this season as well. 
You can see some more info on Axioms players and results here: 
The cool thing about Axiom as well is they have a huge European and NA following in the Starcraft scene, but since their team consists of exclusively South Koreans, they also have a decent following in SK. 
In addition TB also hosts ShoutCraft clan wars roughly 10 times a month, might possibly host a larger shoutcraft tournament in the coming months, plus if you get TB into bitcoins he might mention bitcoins more often in his main YouTube channel videos more often. 
All in all I think 5k to Axiom could really go far. The only other team I think that might give great ROI from the StarCraft community would be ROOT Gaming, an NA Starcraft team. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 23:57:35
This. Honestely. I feel like having a real tournament paid out in bitcoins would be better. SC2 tournaments usually last 2-3 days, and have 25k prize pools and get a fair amount of attention. Showmatches last 1-2 hours, and don't get nearly as much attention. This showmatch will be really popular, but if it was a tournament waaaaaay more people would get exposure to both SC2 and bitcoins from the hype behind it. 