@_author: fedek3
@_date: 2018-09-03 17:16:51
Unfortunately yes. In my case, have to pay 30% more on rent every year, but I have seen others having increases every 6 months. The law is not really clear on that, hence landlords usually try to push a lot when there is demand.
The main issue is that after 2 years, you end up paying quite a lot more than what the market is ready to pay for a similar place, so unless you stop the nonsense from whoever is renting you, eventually you simply look for another place that offers the same and it's cheaper. This is, while people who are renting are paying that 30% increase yearly, the landlords who are unable to rent their places do not apply such hikes so eventually they become cheaper, and people move there. And the cycle repeats again and again.
My previous landlord had been burnt so many times with people renting his units (either trashing the place or being plain dirty) that when I presented my case on how it would end up he agreed we could skip the hike for one year (he kept the previous year price) and I stayed for 5 years in total there.
@_date: 2018-09-03 10:20:15
It's a cycle, so yes, it has happened a few times already. Enjoy the ride! (Hint: it's not fun)
@_date: 2018-09-03 12:00:10
Yes and I'm renting, owning a house is becoming a far dream by now.
@_date: 2018-09-04 09:18:47
Buildings being built by companies keep going, it mainly affects those who are supported financially by individuals (either trusts or regular homes). Loans on regular homes has gone down noticeably comparing to same period one year ago (both for new houses and just buying one already built).
And on your conclusion, yes, those who are able to hold land and/or property are the ones who will surf this economy (as long as they are not forced to sell at ant point in time). 
@_date: 2018-09-03 10:27:02
People from this government are blaming the corruption on the past one, stating that people affiliated to them are the ones pushing this new cycle. People from the previous government are then saying that blame is on current administration and that they are useless.
Reality shows that both are right, current t government was unable to calm down people and investors, while previous administration was corrupt as hell (and I guess we'll never get all the money they apparently stole).
Sad part is that we have people in the middle who does not really care whose fault it is, as they cannot even get to end of the month with their current salary impacted by inflation. When the Justice system is broken, things like these will inevitably happen.
So, to your comment, we can always go worse if we do not focus on the actual problem.
@_date: 2018-09-03 20:53:17
It's difficult, you simply end up cutting costs on other stuff, like dinning out and the things that make life more enjoyable (like a good vacation). Salary normally falls behind the usual % from inflation, so it will eventually choke your pocket, unless you negotiate like I did with my previous landlord.
As to my current rent, when I signed for it, I actually considered the price for the second year rent within my budget. We have a 1/3 rule here, if you earn 30, rent should not be higher than 10. So while I started paying a 70% of that during the first year, I'm already aware that I can pay for it once I get to the second year.
On the property prices, they have gone wild crazy. People has a tradition of placing their price in USD, hence from the beginning of this the prices have skyrocketed in the past few weeks. To be clear... a house is worth about 10 to 15 times in the market what it could cost you to build it on your own. Long story short, nobody is selling properties as they all expect the market to calm down and then set prices accordingly.
Edit: typo on 25 vs 15