@_author: felixandco
@_date: 2017-10-03 06:02:36
While searching for Child Pays for Parent (CPFP), an alternative to Replace-By-Fee (RBF), I found [this](  ) . Which included a link to push transactions to Eligius: 
@_date: 2017-10-05 06:24:22
bitcoin-cli with createrawtransaction allows you to do this (in fact the fee is merely the difference between the value of coins you put in, and the value you send).
Stuck coins can be quite bothersome. In theory your coins can get stuck forever, but it is very unlikely. There's two records of your coins that can get stuck.
* The mempool. This bitch is distributed so, there isn't such thing as *the* mempool. Basically it's a buffer with all pending transactions. If your transaction is crappy enough for long enough, it will be kicked from the pool. Though in theory not necessary ever, the reference client will start evicting when their pool is 300MB, or a transfer is older than 2 weeks (336 hours).
* Your client's transaction bookkeeping. Unsurprisingly your client will treat coins you spend as gone. Yet, only after your transaction has been included in a mined block, will the world acknowledge your transaction has gone through. By default the reference client will keep nagging that your transaction needs to go through, will keep adding that transaction to the mempool, and will keep considering your coins gone. The RPC command abandontransaction will clear up the bookkeeping of your client. (Though the transaction could possibly still go through, when it remains in a mempool and is mined.)
See also  and bitcoin-cli help
[edit] abandontransaction Doesn't work immediately as described above. The transaction will first have to leave your own client's mempool. bitcoin-qt -zapwallettxes=2 should work any time though.
@_date: 2017-10-05 06:01:03
Maybe add something about TBC ( bitcoins in tonal counting). A Google search turned up nothing for me, and if it weren't for a thread I randomly stumbled upon I would still not know what it was.
There are some informative posts to be found that get obfuscated by the use of TBC.
@_date: 2017-10-03 05:28:48
Which client allows me to make a zero fee transaction?
[edit] And I thought "stuck" coins are lost forever.
@_date: 2017-10-05 08:27:35
Thank you. To be honest that was a kick in the butt that I needed. Though it turns out command-line is useful, even for the relatively normal transactions, because this process requires coin selection from a very large set, that is troublesome by hand. When I'm done, I'll post my process.
@_date: 2017-10-14 06:26:41
In the end the CLI didn't help as much as I'd hoped. So here's the quick run-down for consolidating coins with the Core client, or its functional clones.
The ideal is to combine the UTXO with lowest values to the UTXO with highest values, thus creating outputs of similar value (and not a crappy small output that gets left). The ideal is also to put 670 UTXO in one transaction; but also avoid ending up with a small remainder (a crappy small output that gets left).
I have gotten away with the 1 satoshi/byte for transactions. ( 0.00001000 BTC/kbyte is a very ugly way to say the same.) At this rate, with traffic being low, [Johoe's mempool size statistics](  ) showing local peaks of maximally 12,000 transactions, I got the transfers in a day or four.
The transaction costs are per byte. [The formula for estimating the size of your transaction in bytes](  ) with a number of INPUTS_IN of your UTXO going in, and paying out to OUTPUTS_N addresses/UTXO:
` 148 × INPUTS_N + 34 × OUTPUTS_N + 10 + random[-INPUTS_N, INPUTS_N] `
With the random value, the worst case is:
` 149 × INPUTS_N + 34 × OUTPUTS_N + 10 `
So even from UTXO as low as 150 satoshi you could salvage 1 satoshi, if you pay 1 satoshi/byte and send them in a large batch. Decide for yourself how much you want to pay. You can query for a list that contains all UTXO of a value higher than the cut-off you decide upon. Also the maximum size of a normal transaction is allegedly 100kb. Following the formula above, the maximum amount of coins you can send to one address/output is between 670 and 679. With that low a number of UTXO it is actually faster to use the GUI than CLI for a single transaction.
To get started you have to go to preferences and enable "Coin control". This will make a button "Inputs" appear on the "Send" tab of the main program. Go to that tab. Set the transaction fee to custom, only pay 1000 sat/kb. If you click on the "Inputs" button, you will get a list of all the UTXO in your wallet. Use the "select all" function to get a count of all your coins. Divide this number by 670, and make sure the remainder is high; so you don't get left with a crappy batch in the end. Now "unselect all".
I expect you to make reasonable batches at your own discretion, but here is the general process: click the first row in the UTXO list. Press spacebar to select the UTXO. (Spacebar does the same thing as clicking the checkbox.) Press down arrow. Press spacebar again. Make note of the "Quantity", which is the number of UTXO you have selected. Repeat until you have 335 UTXO selected. Now use your End key to go to the bottom of the list. (You may need to go up in the list until you get to the UTXO with a value over 149.) Press spacebar to select a coin, press up to go to the next coin, and repeat until the quantity is 670. Afterwards close the inputs dialog.
There will now be an *estimated* value of your transaction at the top left, under the name of "minus fee" or "after fee" or something. Right click on that amount to copy it. Use that value as the amount to pay. Fill in the adresss, yada yada, don't screw up, yada. Click send. It will now show you the actual size and transaction costs, and probably complain about your transaction cost being too low. Write that down. Cancel the transaction/close the dialogue. Do your math to get that sweet 1 satoshi/byte transaction fee. The numbers in the top row should help. You should lower/heighten your "amount" to pay, until it's exactly InputAmount-TransactionSize (in satoshi and bytes).