@_author: fellowcrypto
@_date: 2018-03-23 22:43:55
This is so fucking stupid its ridiculous. There can be multiple cases where Bitcoin hard forks/chain splits in it of itself because of orphaned blocks or if an attacker tries to attack the network. This chain split goes on (in the case of orphaned blocks) until full nodes reject the transactions in the orphaned block or the attack stops mining on his/her alternative chain.
There is even technically a chain split right now if you go find some nodes that are running different versions of the software. Similarly, this also happens during Bitcoin upgrades. If not all nodes upgrade, they are technically still on a separate chain, an old one that isn't there. Just because a shiny new image and name don't appear on coinmarketcap doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
A security feature of Bitcoin and all cryptocurrencies is the ability to do a hardfork. It prevents programmers/developers from having control of the cryptocurrency. If the community no longer wants them they can hard fork away and get developers that they agree with. Coins like vertcoin that are ASIC resitant have done a hardfork to change mining algorithms and will continue to do so to prevent ASICs from being created....with their tax law in mind that would cause a taxable event which is utterly ridiculous.
Two things need to happen in this space in regards to regulation:
1. Taxable events occur at the time of converting cryptocurrencies to FIAT and/or when using them to purchase something 
2. Converting one crypto to another is not considered a taxable event. Simply switching protocols.
Those two things are the most fundamental and important things that need to happen to bitcoin/regulation wise for people to use it and to increase innovation but everyone is just worried about tokens/commodities.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:20:22
Your explanation fits the bill well, and it also fits the expectations of Charlie Lee and others who understand the space better. Coming here onto reddit, certain people in certain subs treat like LN is the master complete solution to everything, when it isn't. It is like increasing the block size, it only helps so much up to a point. There are some drawbacks to LN, mostly that it is not intended for storing large amounts of bitcoin as there is a higher risk of losing your coins (your node goes offline due to hardware failure, power outage, or that someone tries to scam you with a fake transaction).
It makes sense now, Bitcoin is wonderful and incredibly secure and will be a great store of wealth. With the LN it can also be used for buying things and paying/sending/receiving but coins like Litecoin and Vertcoin may be better suited for that?
@_date: 2018-03-10 17:55:17
That is true but, well, I want to ask this but I do not know how much the difficulty has increased throughout the last year in Ethereum but say you live in an apartment, there's only so much space you can have for all the computers/gpus in terms of it not making your whole apartment to hot and also being able to cool the GPUs. Someone with more money could buy a house, or if they own a house, has several floors or more and can even make holes in their walls for vents or other stuff? 
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:03:27
So, when switching to coins such as Litecoin, or Ethereum, or Monero, etc....in very general and simple terms could we say we are just changing what protocol we wish to use or no because the source code is vastly different? (Thanks for the response, appreciate it).
@_date: 2018-03-19 23:17:54
Its incredibly hard to get cryptocurrencies in the door in the first place and traditional means of sending people money (not making a phone call) do not require somebody to halt whatever they are doing and check and wait for a payment. Most people get their money from their employees through a direct deposit, money goes right into your bank account, similar design with Paypal and other money receiving apps....you do not need to be waiting around to receive the money.
However, LN has many more advantages than regular onchain transactions, it is cheaper and faster (obvious) but because of the way it works I don't think users have to worry about using a different address every time. The downside though is again, user has to have a hub/device running 24/7. I can see that market for merchants as they can be their own bank and completely eliminate merchant processors but am not sure about end users. Maybe if we can market it as "instead of going to the bank and deposit a check, you can be your own bank with this device and have people send money to you".
@_date: 2018-03-15 21:58:20


By "clients", are we simply referring to the software that we call bitcoind (which lets you run a full node or different software that mine bitcoin)?
So if someone wanted to, they could create a software that would act as a full node but tune/use the majority accepted blockchain (the blockchain from the Bitcoin Core software)?
@_date: 2018-03-10 04:04:11
Bitcoin difficulty keeps increasing as the hashpower increases (more people are running more ASICs) yes? If so, this means that miners (like the guys in the articles) have to keep investing/buying more hardware to keep up? What happens Bitcoin halves again, or to the point where there are no more coins to be rewarded (I know it some time in 2100 or something)? Would Bitcoin's hash power stabilize? Would this also mean that those with more money (millionaires or billionaires) could potentially buy MORE ASICs than anyone else and deal with the loss better (unless there is no loss because fees would replace the coin reward...though that must be a lot of fees..it seems Bitcoin would have to reach mass adoption to be successful).
@_date: 2018-03-20 01:23:36


There is no LN wallet currently available for mobile phones that will act as a LN node...at least as far as I am aware of. One wallet that comes close is eClair and since it is not a full node, it can only be used for payments. I imagine with time there will be solutions but I suspect it wont be for another while longer?


It is a downside when considering onchain transactions do not require such things and there are competing coins like IOTA/Nano (which I do not in believe in) that may gain traction if FUD of Bitcoin not being able to scale keeps getting thrown around. Bitcoin's 10min block time is a downside but is also "how the network works" and is also a good thing because it limits the amount of orphaned blocks possible. There are pros and cons to everything and they have to be weighed if the end goal is user adoption. Things need to be easy or it isn't going to be used as a currency. That's all I am saying.


Phone carriers have voicemail so that some type of message can be sent and text messages will also be stored on a server and sent to the user's phone after they turn it back on.


Websites are hosted somewhere, either in a computer literate's basement or a datacenter. I have said in other comments, I could very well see Lighting Network and things like Litboxes take off for merchants but not for end users.
Almost all of your examples regarding phones and websites placed no responsibility for the user, whereas Lightning Network does. It's just a bit difficult for new users is all I am saying.
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:56:31
I don't see that happening. For them to write them in legal talk, it would become illegal to move bitcoin from one address to another, because that is essentially what you are doing when you are using a crypto-crypto exchange.
Crypto-crypto exchanges are just like running any other website. Decentralized exchanges will thrive.
@_date: 2018-02-19 00:32:47
Not sure what you mean? Interesting links to read about this?
@_date: 2018-03-11 02:11:49
How can you be tracked? 
1. Move USD to Coinbase
2. Buy Bitcoin
3. Use coinbase to send to taxman or generate a new wallet and use that.
If we're talking about using existing Bitcoin of being paid one's weekly salary in Bitcoin then it's a problem.
@_date: 2018-03-13 20:18:52


Because speculators keep driving up the Bitcoin fiat exchange rate 
The hash rate is increasing because the value of BTC/FIAT is going up? I thought it was because there are more ASICs being added to the network which increases the network's hash rate/power ?
Charlie Lee says many times that he imagines the centralization of ASICs to be less central as companies start developing ASICs and getting into the game (such as Samsung). Would these ASICs still be super expensive as opposed to GPUs or eventually even be close to the price of GPUs?
EDIT: It seems Samsung is just making ASIC chips, like how they do for GPUs. This means another company that packages the chips into an "ASIC" like how Nvidia/AMD make GPUs would also need to be created?
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:18:25
Selling your bitcoins to someone in person is illegal? Does that mean if I buy something from a merchant with Bitcoin I am considered doing something illegal? 
Why has this never been brought up before?
EDIT: It appears this only occurs if you're selling the bitocin a a business? What does that mean? I will pay someone 5BC if they mow my lawn? Is that it?
@_date: 2018-02-20 06:01:25
This is actually quite interesting/strange....if employers start paying in Bitcoin and they don't use a third party wouldn't they be able to follow our Bitcoin through the blockchain just like how Coinbase does it? Id rather an exchange know my saving and spending habits than my employer.
I really think that how Bitcoin is decentralized, uncontrollable, but yet the ledger is completely open and everyone can see everything, maybe that design purpose was chosen for "democratic" reasons or reasons to at least give it a better chance of not being labelled as scammed during it's inception as people could trace where the coins went to?
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:57:57
We have a different opinion but that's fine. I think the market should be the wild west, the only thing that I think should be protected is that exchanges shouldn't be allowed to get away with stealing people's coins and the exchange owners aren't allowed to trade on their own exchange. Besides that, let it run free. No circuit breakers, etc. We have the stock market if you want that, and mind you, the stock market is not necessarily the place to make big money anymore, it's where you go to make sone more money off of the big money you already made somewhere else. Because crypto is so free, average Joe has the chance to buy $1k or $10k into Bitcoin and make some nice earnings. Maybe he also takes the risk of investing in  a shitcoin that rises 160% in 24hr or 30% in a few weeks on a decent coin. Cryptoland is a place that is so easy to enter into, and allows people to make A LOT of money never imaginable (if anyone bought a large amount of Litecoin or Bitcoin back in July they've made a fortune) and it is also a place where you can continually earn 5-10% like in the stock market or more. There is much more volatility but the thing is, average Joe can use crypto to make a lot of money and then be big enough to invest his money into the stock market or investment funds, and eventually be someone who has the $25k minimum to invest in a startup. If that startup takes off then that can be several average Joe's with a lot of money. If not, they lost house money or their own money but the thing is the possibility is there.  Everything has risk, Bill Gates risked a lot and high risk comes high reward, low risk low yields reward. People have a bridge to that world with crypto it's up to them where they want to go.
There was a guy talking on the world economic forum who owns an investment company and he said how he bought a lot of Bitcoin a few years back and wanted to buy more but couldn't because of the NY Bit laws or something like that. He bought millons but would've bought even more but couldn't. In this case, such strict regulation was a bad thing. Although this guy already had millions worth, there are single people like Bill Gates who own billions, and had this guy been allowed to buy even more than the limit imposed in NY he couldve been close to a billionaire as well.
Remember, the point of Bitocin was not to be some asset to be traded. It's supposed to be money that you can legally own. On the way there yeah you can trade it and make profit but you shouldn't be designing regulation about trading....that isn't it's purpose. That's why I think the only thing that should be in regulation is accountability, severe punishments for exchanges losing people's coins and/or requiring exchanges to give private keys to their users on request. The other stuff doesn't matter because eventually crypto will be used as currency and will be less volatile.
@_date: 2018-03-19 23:19:38
308 views and 8 comments, some of which are mine. 
Either members on this sub are already aware of the issues and have solutions to them but aren't commenting....or they are just ignoring this thinking its FUD??? I wanted some genuine answers
@_date: 2018-02-09 19:00:44
I am sorry then, I read this  and another post on stackexchange where they replied that all bitocin transaction is spent and then sent back or something, maybe they were responding to a very specific scenario and I missed out on that.
Here is the part that confused me


@_date: 2018-03-10 03:58:50
Quick question for someone to answer, for coins that are still GPU minable like Ethereum, because more and more people are always buying more hardware to mine, the difficulty goes up and thus if someone like myself were to mine Ethereum I too would have to constantly add more hardware to keep up, yes?
@_date: 2018-03-10 16:20:01
So if I want to stay in the game and keep making a profit I would have to keep buying more hardware yes? Eventually this means the system is going to favor whoever has more money/land as they can buy and fit more hardware at a set location? How often does it become the point where say I buy 4 GPUs to mind Ethereum I lose about 50% of my profit that I was making initially? Weeks? Months? Years? Would I just look for a difficulty chart and see how fast it's growing? I know that system can go down in difficulty as well if a large percentage stops mining.
@_date: 2018-03-07 21:06:34
I think the issue is people are supposed to keep their coins on the wallet and not on the exchanges. Though that becomes a problem for daytraders because they have to constantly move funds in and out of exchanges so...yeah that doesn't work too well.
However, regulation is not going to work because anyone can set up a website in a country that allows the exchange of crypto A &gt; crypto B. The centralized exchanges will be registered, and could be so much so that things like circuit breakers are implemented. The other exchanges, such as decentralized exchanges, won't have that and will be to their benefit as it means regular users have the ability to scoop up cheap coins if they drop in price a lot for whatever reason. Meanwhile, regulated and centralized exchanges will temporarily close the doors when prices drop to avoid a big dump. I know from the past whenever Bitcoin was dumping/pumping on Coinbase there were periods where you could not buy/sell/trade as Coinbase was experiencing "issues".
@_date: 2018-03-20 15:08:30
Yes. Want to pay someone or change some of your coins in your "vault" (Bitcoin being a store of value), move some funds into a LN hot wallet and use atomic swaps.
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:34:23
A response I got from TDBank stated that because cryptocurrencies are currency you can not buy currency with a credit card.
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:13:36
I don't understand what that means. So as long as it is not FIAT then it is not considered a commodity exchange?
@_date: 2018-02-13 01:36:21
You don't have to harass anyone. You call and simply say "Hello I would like to close my account. I know it is not your fault but I would prefer to have my money in a bank that let's me buy cryptocurrencies. Can we proceed with the process now?" 
And that's it. The callers note certain information that they will forward to their higher ups, you don't think if enough people called asking to close their account because they can't buy crypto that wouldn't get spoken about to a higher up? It would, and then he/she would speak about it to his/her higher up and so forth. It may not make a difference, it may. I have a sort of belief that capitalism relies on customer feedback/speaking out otherwise they do whatever the fuck they want if there is no local competition. Still, even if there is local competition you have to explain WHY you're leaving for another bank so that they could potentially correct the problem.
You should see what the system is like in countries like my homeland where people don't complain and let themselves get run over. The big guys do whatever they want, like lowering some of your monthly social security wages (not me but friends and family).
There's nothing wrong with voicing your opinion, you have to do it in a respectful manner. If you believe in what you are saying then you're just having a conversation and telling the truth.
@_date: 2018-03-23 22:24:04
My only concern is that, the LND is being designed by a company. The code is open source, so sure, not a problem, but a business has to be profitable and I wondering where that is coming through.
Have no fear though, Lightning Network is a protocol and there can be multiple software implementations of it, we have LND and the other two she mentioned as well as LIT.
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:39:32


That's exactly why I think it won't happen. To my knowledge there is no law legally requiring a website owner to obtain everything about a user if they want to sign up with them? (although the patriot act requires ANY info a company obtains of its users to be sent to them). In this case we are dealing with money though....I still find it hard for them to do that. I think decentralized exchanges are going to be very popular...and I think in general its going to be hard to enforce. "Any website dealing with cryptocurrencies will have to require users to submit forms of ID"...idk I think someone would step in and say how it is too overbearing.
If they really wanted to theyd just ban cryptocurrencies but even doing that is difficult.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:59:59
So let's say I make an address from bitaddress.org and then I have 100btc on there. How can I send those 100BTC to another person? Is it possible to do that or would I need to do a sweep of the balance from that address into a wallet like electrum and then send the person the coins?
@_date: 2018-03-23 22:52:01
Thanks for the discussion, I have faith and trust in them, but it is good to be just a bit skeptical and it is also rather interesting to know what kind of crazy/great/creative idea they came up with to do this and still make some kind of profit.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:10:53
Because its pretty much common sense that you will be de-anonymised when you want to purchase a good and have it delivered at your address because....well you entered your address, its as simple as that. When you buy something on Amazon your credit card and address get saved in a database, all they have to do is look up your account in the database and pull that up, they can do that with crypto as well as if you enter in a crypto address as payment, Amazon knows you're using crypto and can type that public address onto a block explorer and follow your money. Same way if an employer pays you in Bitcoin he/she will be able to see your entire balance and how much you tend to move from one address to another. Lightning Network is a blessing but I think Bitocin should have never been open in the first place, maybe that was the best design at the time and was a compromise so as to not get it immediately banned by the govt.
People are talking about not attributing wallets because that's really the only solution and really all that matters, this whole patent was already known, you can track people without these patent as you are associating a bitcoin address with a physical address. For every purchase you make, a different LN payment that way the only thing Amazon, Company X, Company Y, see is an address that had specified an amount of Bitcoin exact to their Amazon cost total. In this way, Amazon knows you use crypto but they don't know how much your total money in crypto is and where you send it to. There is nothing wrong with that, Bitcoin alone allows for the things  just said which LN prevents which is bad.
@_date: 2018-04-10 00:22:09
Agree with you, however Bitcoin and crypto still have a chance to succeed. Alcohol was once banned, people still bought and used it, lots of drugs are banned yet they still make it in the country and are exchanged through people, religious institutions try to get people to be abstinent, they still have sex.
If everyone is using a crypto like Monero or Bitcoin with the LN the transactions are virtually untracable...not completely but its rather hard and when its thousands or millions of people all transacting and have their LN nodes connected through tor, it becomes very difficult. They've created laws that are unenforceable and are going to be forced to change due to the power of the people as they can't pinpoint people nor lock up too big a percentage of population. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 06:11:12
Do checking/savings accounts allow you to use ACH for transferring to other accounts owned by other people? Maybe it was just my weird bank but it wasn't obvious.
@_date: 2018-04-21 15:18:37
Could you go further what you mean by inflate? Also, what do you think about Monero? I always get a weird tingling feeling about Bitcoin when I see it is trustlessand decentralized bug not private, it feels as if it should have privacy like Monero has? Do you think at the time the technology was just too new/risky to implement? 
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:38:12
To be quite frank, cryptocurrencies are going to be problematic tax wise. People report their taxes because they have to so I don't think everyone will just not file taxes but if in 20 years from now everyone or a large majority is using crypto and never transitioning to FIAT I highly doubt many would report their purchases unless it is something big.
The bill proposing crypto purchases under $600 would've been great, ideally it should be something like $2k but $600 is a great start. The IRS was incredibly disingenuous and nasty to come out with their 2014 document and claiming it all as property. Why couldn't the bone heads allow for two use cases, purchases with crypto are considered using the coins as currency and are subject to capital gains tax for purchases over $600, whereas exchanging to FIAT treats it as property and all amounts are subject to capital gains/losses...so incredibly simple.
What's worse is the IRS has not done some type of meeting with a group of panelists like Congress has. They really just don't care.
@_date: 2018-04-04 01:40:13
Source would be appreciated.
@_date: 2018-04-19 02:34:05
Whats most funny is not the video but that everyone thinks the robber thinks he is getting away with Bitcoin...he's not, he's getting cash....all of you forgot there is still cash in the machines lol?
@_date: 2018-04-11 20:21:27
I don't know what you want. I'll try to address your points in a few times. If banks only borrowed what they owned there would be no bank runs, even today if a decently sized group goes to a bank and tries to withdraw their money all at once there would be a problem, the bank would end up not allowing people to withdraw their money. Therefore, your money is not really your money and you're not in control of it. Not only that, this has horrible effects and can lead to a depression. If that isn't a problem for you then I don't know what to tell you.
The tax thing I proposed was just an idea, not much thought in it but a potential solution, just like they do it for electric cars in certain states and other countries.


I never said this, I left my idea simple and not much thought to be open to interpretation, obviously the system would not go to 0% it would offer a nice discount or something similar. Just like you can deduct home property taxes but you can not deduct your entire home property tax you paid for or else rich people could benefit too much, right? Similar story.
By in the end, I mean, if this all goes to shit you still have a piece of software that has the potential to be used as a store of money that is trustless in the near future or a well written piece of software than can be examined and used for other things as it is open source. This did not exist until 2009. 


In the case of Bitcoin, no, because as of right now, Bitcoin is nowhere near finished and is nowhere near being used to save people from property. Bitcoin has only been around for 9 years and it hasn't solved poverty or is the backbone of modern standards of living so it could go to $0 and 95% of everybody in the world would be fine. What are you even trying to say?


Really? Do you not understand the implications that software has? The same way internet has increased information availability to the common people, software can do the same with money. I can draw up some scenarios. Cash/physical dollars work pretty well, but where do you store it? In a waterproof, fireproof safe in your home? More money, gotta buy a bigger safe. What happens if someone steals the safe? Your money is gone. 
With Bitcoin, you can store everything in a flash drive, cd, piece of paper, whatever you name it, and you can store it on each medium in an encrypted manner AND you can make replicas! You can have a copy in your home, car, work, family's house. Nobody can access it unless they have your password as it is encrypted if someone were to take it, and if you're house were to catch on fire you can go get a copy that you put somewhere else. The only other solution to this in the cash world is vault owned and controlled by the banks, that can "disappear" or be seized. Another thing, seizures can not happen with Bitcoin. They can steal the medium you stored your keys but they will never get your actual coins because you encrypted it, and if you have copies of your medium you can just go get the other copy and you can continue to use your money.
I have written enough for you, don't even get me started on e-commerce. Have you realized you need a credit or debit card in order to buy stuff online? Cash does not work online and our solution is to rely on intermediaries which is absolutely horrible. This means you need to turn over your name, address, income, and social security to a bank or credit card company (some type of financial institution) just to be able to either use money that is yours or borrow money from these institutions. That information gets sent and sold to third parties and you have to hope that your financial institution or their third parties they send the info to doesn't get hacked or used by bad actors (Equifax...bet you don't agree with that do you?). These institutions are nasty, charging fees if you withdraw more money than you have (why not just not allow withdrawing them), and charging tons of money when trying to send money to someone overseas.
I don't know if your head is in the clouds or what. Learn about open source software in computing and how much freedom it gives the common people, apply that to Bitcoin and you will understand why it is amazing and offers people control of their money. Yes, bitcoin is extremely volatile and not even used as a form money, the fact is if it becomes less volatile (which is solved by having more money in the market and better means of liquidity, trading for dollars or other assets in an easy to use manner) and scalable (which is solved by the Lightning Network) you now have a decent system on your hands that does not rely on trust. I wonder what you thought about computers in the early 90s, that is where Bitcoin and crypto is right now.
@_date: 2018-04-13 14:22:05
There is no direct information from the IRS regarding the FBAR thing, it even says so in the article. Majority of people that I've spoken to who are immigrants also say they never bother reporting that and when that law first came out the IRS had originally said it to any amount and then moved up to $10k because people complained, its completely arbitrary and nonsensical and if you're a citizen in here and/or another country what does a the other country's government have to do with money held in another coubtry? This is even further unclear mostly for the fact that the IRS has not clearly said "cryptocurrencies/virtualcurrency follow FBAR reporting like other property" it has to say that otherwise its ambiguous and could be fought in court which means it is not a definite rule.
You guys just want to protect yourselvs but you're doing a disservice to your customers making them fill out everything "just in case" which is just going to hurt the cryptocurrency ecosystem and your business in the long run because nobody is going to use the darn things. This is new technology that will follow new rules, Congress is already pushing back on regulation and the only thing they're asking the IRS for is clarification which the IRS has not given for 4 years now because they too are unsure of the space.
@_date: 2018-04-27 16:53:56
LN is the solution to using Bitcoin as a day to day currency. Meaning, LN was designed in mind to be able to perform almost instant and almost feeless transactions so that you can buy cheap things quickly. Things from vending machine, meal at a store, coffee, groceries, etc. You could not buy those things with Bitcoin on chain \(you can but it is incredibly inconvenient either the wait time or fees would be more than the product itself\).
For larger purchases, like buying a car or a house or loaning large amounts of money where wait time is not important, the blockchain should be used.
@_date: 2018-04-06 06:13:19
Isn't that the entire derivative/futures market? People say not to invest in Bitcoin because it has 0 value. Meanwhile derivatives are traded in the trillions and more  and nobody bats an eye.
@_date: 2018-04-21 11:56:43
It was kind of a joke but I imagine many (including myself) when first reading the title though "theres no physical bitcoin in there it doesn't exist lol". Its just one of those things the way the title is written makes you think differently, and to add to that, if you hang around this or other sub's there is a lot of repeating about how coins can't be stolen/seized etc.
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:34:02
That would make more sense, and really as long as they don't qualify altcoins then I think its pretty fair. 
@_date: 2018-04-12 14:08:48
As soon as it hits January 1st your gains are only taxable for the next year.
@_date: 2018-04-10 23:23:21
Hmm, sounds a lot like the internet. Clearly nobody sees the usefulness in this!!
@_date: 2018-04-10 23:46:43
Why is accepted belief that the rise in December was because everyone and their mom bought into crypto but what I am asking as a theory here is whether or not positive sentiment actually helps pull out of a bear market? Just wonder is all.
@_date: 2018-04-13 18:45:42
You are a slave to a bank though, banks make deposits by lending, not so much by having people putting their money in their accounts, it still makes a certain percentage but not as much as it used to. I for one do not understand the concept well enough, 
@_date: 2018-04-10 23:33:47
If you're going to use a deflationary currency you can not use it as if it is an inflationary currency. Our current system works on making and borrowing money out of thin air and it works because the money loses value every year.
There can be a lot of good done if banks only borrowed money that they actually owned and we can try out this model thanks to Bitcoin....we would have no other choice here unless some country decides it to change up their entire economy for the sole reason of experimentation (not gonna happen). 
Let's try it and see what happens, pretty sure an easy way to combat the "people won't spend deflationary currency" is to include tax incentives for spending certain amounts in brackets/tiers and each one gives you a little discount on your taxes. The other interesting thing is from lots of people I have spoken to, none of them knew that the US dollar is inflationary and that they lose 3% of their purchasing power every year, the reason they spend is because they want to.
There are also two debates to what caused the great depression, yours and the belief the fed exacerbated it. Let's not forget there were bank runs that also resulted in increases in damage during the great depression because banks did actually have the money they said they have. If I am not mistaken there was also a problem with people buying too much things on credit and could never afford to pay them.
In the end, it doesn't matter, the point is, Bitcoin lets you own and control your money and that is something powerful and never before seen.
@_date: 2018-04-13 17:06:44
That is a fair response