@_author: fenderfreek
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:02:28
In an effort to answer the same questions for myself, I came to all the same findings and conclusions you did, and only finding myself with most of the same questions. I also found a few threads discussing this kind of thing, and they all end up with the same sort of non-specific, borderline incoherent rambling non-answers. 
I'm slowly getting the impression that pretty much nobody has any articulable reason why one variant is superior, people have just camped out and picked sides. It's worse than politics - nobody can come up with anything other than "the other side are corporate shills so their system is bad!" Well, maybe both sides are just shilling for something, and there's no zero-sum outcome, who knows. I'll be watching and waiting to be pleasantly surprised by a thoughtful, informative explanation, but I'm not holding my breath.
My only real takeaway from anything is to have your coins in a wallet you control since that protects you from exchanges taking sides in the event the Jiancoin/UAHF/BCC/whatever fork actually takes off and becomes worth something.
Just kinda echoing some sympathy for where you're at on this, since you're not the only one.
@_date: 2017-07-26 10:43:13
My best understanding of that particular issue is that nothing gets wiped out, but as a result of the fork, would get copied. It's up to anyone transacting on either the original chain or the forked chain to ensure that they're not confirming transactions tagged (or not tagged) for the other chain so you don't get double spending, but once some coins go to one chain or the other by a post-fork spend, then that's where they live forever.
@_date: 2017-07-26 10:48:03
To be fair, the arguments leveled against could just as easily be applied here. Perhaps even more so, given this sub's tendency toward moderating out or voting down any positive discussion of hard fork derivatives like BCC. I looked at for the first time this week, trying to make some sense of the implications of a hard fork, but like it or not, they're making points that seem just as valid as the pro-SegWit camp, hence this conversation.