@_author: fenna_
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:00:57
Why stop at 2 dimensions? Make the chart come out right at you.
@_date: 2018-10-11 02:21:06
Lost 16% today, Down 31% past 5 days. Tomorrow's looking Red in after hours trading. Feels bad man
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:32:15


I didn't go in depth on QE but I definitely implied it.
@_date: 2019-08-17 16:32:05
What triggered the last recession was a similar situation to bank runs. After the dot com burst, interest rates were really cheap. This allowed people to borrow money at low interest rates to start a business or say build or buy a house. The banks wanted to protect themselves in case interest rates went back up. So they gave out variable rate loans. Now these banks also loaned to people who didn't have the creditworthiness to get a loan. These are known as subprime loans. 
Fast forward to 2005. The economy is doing good and the Federal Reserve wants to start raising interest rates again. Remember those variable rate loans? Those are pegged to the federal funds rate set by the Fed. As the federal reserve kept raising the federal funds rate. The interest rate on the variable loans went up. Now where the problem lies is the subprime loans. These particular loans were to individuals or families who could maybe make payments when the interest rate was low, but as the rate started to increase they couldn't make the payments. 
I'm gonna side track for a bit here. 
You may be wondering why the banks would make these risky loans in the first place. Well there was a security at the time known as a Mortgage Backed Security (MBS) or Mortgage Bond. And these bonds were a grouping of a bunch of mortgages. And the interest payments from the underlying mortgages would go to the holders of the bonds. If a few of the mortgages defaulted, the other ones would keep the bond afloat. But if a certain percentage of the loans went under, then the entire MBS would go under. Now in the beginning these were pretty safe bets. Everyone pays their mortgage right? But they paid a low interest rate because they were so safe. 
So the banks create a new product, known as the Collateralized Debt Obligation. Remember those subprime loans? The banks would group hundreds or thousands of those into a single bond. And because it had so many mortgages in it. The rating agencies (S&amp;P and Moody's) rated the bonds AAA (the highest rating). Now these bonds did have a higher return but they had way MORE risk of default.
Back to 2005. Interest rates are going up and some of the subprimes are starting to default. The banks realize this and they know it is trouble, but they have an idea. They create an insurance product, known as a credit default swap. The CDS will pay out a premium if the underlying MBS goes bust. Most of these CDS's were fulfilled through AIG. 
Now its 2007 and the default rate keeps rising. People are defaulting on their mortgages and the MBS's are going belly up. But it's ok right, didn't the banks buy insurance? Well they did, but AIG didn't have enough assets to cover the CDS's. This is when Lehman Brothers and Bear Sterns go belly up. 
Had the US Treasury not stepped in and bought out AIG, and gave loans to the big banks, it would have been worse than the great depression. 
I reccomend watching "The Big Short" and [Vice's Documentary "Panic"]( if you want a more in depth look inside the crisis.
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:41:08
The Federal reserve raises rates when the economy is doing good and starts cutting rates when the economy is slowing.
They cut rates when the economy is slowing to encourage investment and stimulate growth.  Once the economy recovers they will begin to raise rates. Sometimes the Fed will misjudge how the economy is actually doing and end up raising rates too fast or cutting rates too soon. 
The cycle of increasing rates is call quantitative tightening because it has the effect of lowering the total supply of money.
On the flip side when they cut rates it is known as quantitative easing, and has the effect of increasing the money supply. 
If the fed keeps rates low for too long, then inflation will start to rise as more and more people borrow money. They dont want to keep them high for a long period of time or else we run into a separate problem called stagflation. 
So it's a balance between keeping inflation in check, while trying to keep the economy growing.
@_date: 2019-10-26 02:53:18
Theres nothing more exciting than throwing your entire life savings down on options that expire on 2 weeks
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:51:43


Hoover's philosophy was to just do nothing and hope it worked itself out. 
FDR on the other hand added many policies to bring us out of depression such as spending on infrastructure (provided jobs to unemployed) . He also got rid of the Gold Standard which allowed the Fed to pump more cash into circulation to stimulate growth in the economy (quantitative easing). He also added many programs to protect the people, FDIC, Social Security among others.
@_date: 2018-07-30 00:59:38
I dont know, that guy who bought the pizzas will forever hold the title of most expensive meal.
@_date: 2019-05-27 04:38:58
Are they options on futures contracts or are they options on actual BTC?
Edit: it's off the future contracts.
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:21:22
I was referring to the overall ownership of public companies by institutions vs retail investors. I'm not sure how that got implied that I insisted that the broker holds your shares in their name. 
80% of shares in U.S. index fund ETFs are held by [institutions](
That does not even considering individual stocks which would vary. 
If you have a 401k or IRA you most likely have your funds in some type of index fund. It's possible if you have your IRA with a financial planning firm that you have a customized managed portfolio with individual stocks. But for most you are holding ETFs which individual stock holdings are held by the index company (Vanguard, SPDR, Invesco, etc.) 
Additionally, investment banks account for most of the remaining institutional holdings, accounting for [over 1.5 trillion in securities](
These companies can quietly move large sums of cash from one sector of the stock market to another without raising to many eyebrows of the public or the SEC. Now granted they cant manipulate stocks the same way they can manipulate cryptos, but they can definitely drive price in their favor.
@_date: 2019-05-27 15:12:36
You can't create an account from an american IP, can you do it with a VPN?
@_date: 2019-05-18 18:22:23
That's how it is with the stock market. Most outstanding shares are held by institutions. And most of the volume or liquidity is made by high frequency traders and algorithms. Retail traders make up a very small slice of the total volume of stock traded.