@_author: feralat
@_date: 2011-07-25 03:25:09
There are tradeoffs:
The full paypal or CC history isn't publicly and passively available.
Your neighbours can't get your CC history.
The government can (depending on what country you are in) but they *should* have to go through some legal process to get it - get a warrant, convince the company, etc.
@_date: 2011-07-25 03:35:18
There are many media reports which report Bitcoin is anonymous; wikileaks recommends it.
You are right, that people should research these things themselves, but they realistically don't.
Currently, its not clear to a lot of users how 'real' the privacy threats are, or whether they are just theoretical - hopefully this work will change that.
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:59:36
I did some previous academic work on this topic (discussed [on reddit]( and elsewhere)


I strongly disagree with that characterisation.
I think its analogous to people saying 'user-definable privacy is an amazing feature of e-mail'.
In other words, it might be true in theory, but it misses the point.
Look at e-mail: you can, in theory, encrypt all your e-mails, end-to-end, so that no third party can read them.
In practice, 99% of people's e-mail is an open book.  No one bothers to encrypt their e-mail - using crypto too hard for them, and they don't care enough.
You can, in theory, use Bitcoin with care and attention to cover your tracks.  (Although we don't yet know how much care and attention is needed, as we don't yet know the limits of the analytical techniques.)
But its shaping up to be like e-mail.  99% of people are going to leave obvious trails and connections.
In theory Bitcoin might have user-definable privacy; but in practice, people might have very little privacy at all.  Much less than they currently have about their financial matters.
The practice is what matters for security systems.
The situation could get a lot worse, if people decide that 'structuring' of Bitcoin balances is illegal, or in a future where tax authorities decide that you have to report your income Bitcoin addresses.