@_author: ferelderin
@_date: 2015-07-06 15:53:00
will recommend signing up for a web-wallet whenever it's about speed and user friendliness. Then, whenever someone comes back and complains that their bitcoin were stolen, everyone acts like it's their own fault for signing up for a web-wallet. 
@_date: 2015-11-17 14:26:47
Bitcoin isn't part of the Forex market so you can't actually use it to launch any kind of 'attack' on another currency. There are no long-term, or in fact, any kind of contracts that you could sell with Bitcoin as an integral part on a significant enough quantity. 
Basically, it all hinges on Plassaras' assumption of: "(...) Bitcoin’s potential to become a major player in the foreign currency exchange", silently ignoring that, *Bitcoin in its current state* is equally unable to support such a speculative attack.
@_date: 2015-10-14 09:45:19
Eh. Many people on own or owned Bitcoin and have used it. Unlike most of seems to think, 'educating yourself' about bitcoin doesn't necessarily mean you'll see the light and become convinced that bitcoin is the best thing under heaven. I owned a bunch of bitcoin, and alt-coins, myself, but sold them when the profit was too good to be true. 
Heck, with the way blindly tips anyone, under Poe's law you've undoubtedly tipped many a troll that you couldn't distinguish from a 'true believer'. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 10:57:01
Hah. Well done. I had the luck to sell my own bitcoins at around the same price.
Back before the last bubble, me and a friend had the idea that, perhaps, out of all the available cryptocurrencies there might be, you know, one that at some point in the future turns into something really useful and valuable. So we put together a tiny portfolio of around 50 currencies, put $5 or something like that into each of them, a bunch more into Bitcoin because it seemed more likely to become successful, and then planned to wait for forever and see what ends up living and what ends up dead.
A few months later, apart from 1 or 2, all of them were worth 1x-40x times their initial value. We turned something like $250 into $4000. Bitcoin actually only went up about x10 for us. But there was zero reason for any of this to happen. It was stupid. It was too fast, too much. All the alt-coins were simply leveraged bitcoin. I think quarckcoin even went up by something like x50. 
We had dabbled with the silver bubble a few years before, so it was easier to recognize a new speculative bubble when it happened. We sold everything and turned out to be lucky enough to sell at a really good time. In hindsight, nothing about that was skill. It was all luck. But it was fun. Haven't considered buying Bitcoin back since then. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 10:40:35
To an outsider, the whole sub seems dedicated to people deluding themselves.
There is never a downtrend because the timeframe where a downtrend occurs is always ignored. If a normal chart doesn’t look good enough, use a log chart. You’re all ‘not in it for the money’, yet somehow you’re all sure the price can only go up. Drug-lords suddenly become benign and benevolent when they use bitcoins. Mass adoption is coming any day now, but safety tips are about as [user friendly]( as filing taxes. You all beg and pressure every business to accept Bitcoin, yet somehow don’t consider the fact that accepting bitcoin might [have drawbacks]( and can lead to [lower revenue]( Whenever people speak up against Bitcoin, even in the slightest, even if they are your own ‘members’, turns hostile and resorts to [doxxing]( as well as [death threats](
The last few things are more offensive than funny, but they’re perhaps the core of the matter. takes itself way too serious. The sub is easily riled up with even a little trolling, it overestimates its importance to a degree of being megalomaniac. That makes it easy to make fun of, so people make fun of it. 