@_author: fergalius
@_date: 2014-10-25 10:01:48
Is this one or more people trying hard to push down the price? It really looks like someone takes a strong short position, then closes it about 24hrs later or less. Trying to make money out of people who lose their nerves and sell out maybe? Help me to understand...
@_date: 2014-04-06 20:58:44
An attacker with knowledge of your technique could plant a modified armory installer on your ADATA disk, and your bitcoins could disappear out your tor connection.
@_date: 2014-12-03 22:01:26
This is awesome work, but I have a question as follows. A small amount of retaliation would probably expose the initial attacker. Think about this:
* Pool A gets work from pool B.
* Pool B suspects someone is attacking so they dedicate a small amount of (even honest) mining to all other pools.
* So pool B requests work from pool A.
* Eventually pool A will provide pool B with work that came from pool B.
* Culprit identified!
* Pool B can even match which miner identity on pool B requested the work initially and stop payouts.
I could also see a work request loop forming. Imagine where pool A and B each dedicate a large percentage of their miners to attacking the other. Well, pool A requests work from B, so B requests it from A, so A requests.... and so on.
Therefore in the scenario above, pool B would do well to use a miner which is not actually part of it's own mining pool.
Lastly, if pool A is dedicating any significant amount of mining to attacking pool B, then it will be easy enough to identify and block the attack. e.g. suppose pool A dedicates 25% to attacking pool B. Then 1 in every 4 work requests to pool A will actually return work from pool B. Wouldn't take long to identify the attacking miner identities then.
Nice work OPs.
@_date: 2014-10-25 10:17:16
I'm not so sure. These are massive daily short positions of 1000 BTC or more. That can't be just paychecks. And the repetitive nature makes me think someone is trying hard to do something to the market. There are several rapid increases in bitcoin shorts which makes me think someone's trying to push down the price. But also some massive and rapid decreases in shorts - meaning someone has to buy back a lot of bitcoins all of a sudden. The biggest drop is BTC shorts is simultaneous to a massive drop in USD shorts though, so the market didn't seem to move much just then.
The shorts on Oct/23 seem to have been either lucky or successful.
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:36:18
Will you accept GPG keys from customers and communicate only through that key? i.e. so no-one can social engineer your staff into bypassing security? ("yeah, hi, it's me, could you reset the admin password please....")
edit: there are other questions you haven't answered:
* what logs do you keep
* any throttling
* do you allow TOR servers
@_date: 2017-02-01 20:58:17
Thanks for all this detail. I'm not a great programmer or systems admin. I'm just trying to help out the network a small amount by installing bitcoind and electrum.
Installing extra sql dbs, separating sig data... not for me :)
but it sounds cool!
@_date: 2017-02-01 20:59:10
I will try electrumx and let you know how is progress. thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:29:51
This is probably what would be coded anyway. e.g. "from block 400000, blocksizelimit=20MB". Doesn't eliminate the problem of the hard fork though if less than half the network still hasn't migrated at block 400000. Right?
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:31:46
Gavin is only referring to his testing - you can only have 1 coinbase tx per block, so when he amalgamates 20 blocks together he has to somehow put 20 coinbase txs into his 20MB blocks. So he built some special rules about how to deal with that in the testing.
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:12:21
Hmm. Interesting. You say "*the* external party". Which external party do you refer to?
My apologies, I'm not sure where I made any accusations.
@_date: 2017-03-15 22:39:45
But you're not answering the question. *If* core had a similar bug, would you recommend not using core?
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:14:19
I'd be in favour of bigger blocks, but I agree this threat to orphan Core blocks is irresponsible. It would destroy the signaling mechanism which is precisely what BU needs in order to move towards eventual activation.
Is there any financial game-theory analysis of this attack? Seems to me any BU miner attacking his own chain would only suffer for it in terms of overall bitcoin loss of credibility &amp; value.
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:20:24
Interesting that you mention greedy corporate backers. That's exactly what my point about conspiracy theories are. Perhaps you subscribe to one of the conspiracy theories?
You have a very strong point about a "completely manufactured debate". There was a post a few months ago, again some people might call it a conspiracy theory, that the entire scaling argument, segwit, BU, and so on, has been deliberately created in order to discredit bitcoin and so preserve the status quo, i.e. banking conglomerates.
i.e. the argument being that people who genuinely believe in Core *and* people that genuinely believe in bu, are *both* being manipulated into believing that the other side is a dark evil enemy bent on destroying bitcoin.
I could probably try to find that post if you're honestly interested.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:51:01
Hi do you have a response here? Thanks.
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:55:26
Cool. Thx.
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:21:11
The only problem here is if an external party is acting to destroy the /concept/ of bitcoin. E.g. there are plenty of conspiracy theories over who owns Blockstream, who pays Core salaries, who is invested in BU and so on. Game theory is out the window, except insofar as an external party is seeking to defend its turf (i.e. control of the global financial services industry).
I'm certain that if bitcoin survives (big blocks, segwit, whatever), it *will* take over the world. Some institutions will be threatened by that.
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:51:18
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:50:56
Hi. Do you mean that everyone should everyone stop using Core if a similar bug was found there?
@_date: 2012-12-21 10:08:21
I'm ready to order - just waiting for the cart bug to be fixed. Alternatively I can order right away and the system will either send me a free book, or I can order it in a second order if you guys promise to give me free European shipping on the seond order.
@_date: 2012-11-22 21:02:01
Just filled my cart with 5.7BTC worth of books..... waiting for shipping to Europe........
@_date: 2012-12-16 19:49:36
excellent. trying to order now.
uh oh, some books out of stock.  Let's see now...
edit: something wrong with the cart. I have 4 items there, but one of them doesn't list it's price, and isn't added to the total, even though it *is* in stock.
edit2: would be great to be able to add out-of-stock books to the cart. First so you guys know what people want to buy, second so users don't have to remember. 
@_date: 2012-12-23 22:33:20
Just substitute "dollars" for "bitcoins":
But if I was to find someone giving me a bag of potatoes for my DOLLARS, how would he turn the coin over, to compensate his bag of potatoes?
All he needs is someone who is willing to accept dollars as a medium of exchange. Likewise, bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-15 22:46:06
Perhaps I'm not making the point clear. From what I gather, everyone would like bitcoin to be centralised. i.e. both Core, Blockstream, BU, and anyone else would like you and me and other normal people to be running nodes.
Now if I'm actually spending on the blockchain, then there is utility for me to have a fully validating node.
If the only entities spending on the blockchain are banks and govts, why would I want to run a fully validating node?
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:28:42
There is no necessity to make blocks full. Those miners without the capability to rapidly learn what the true maximum size is will quickly go out of business due to orphaned blocks.
By "true" max size I mean the technological limit which is given by network bandwidth and connectivity, not the "artificial" 1Mb size imposed now.
Therefore in an "unlimited" block size scenario, users will simply have to pay a fee sufficient for a miner to take the risk of increasing his/her block size. Clever miners will figure it out.
There were periods when blocks were full due to soft miner limits. However on each of those occasions the miners realised they could earn more *and* satisfy more users by increasing or removing the soft limits. The current hard limit of 1Mb is breaking that trend with the results we see today.
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:17:11
But there's a fundamental flaw in this argument. If blocks are to be full, then we can assume they'll be used only for large value transactions ("bitcoin is not for buying coffee" etc) - and so you could rationally extrapolate that only interbank or even inter-country settlement transactions will find space in the blockchain.
Consider: how many banks would it take to fill 1MB blocks, assuming each bank settling one transaction with each other bank every day? Are there that many banks in the world?
At this point, what normal person will want or even need to run a node? No more decentralization as bitcoin nodes and mining operations slowly become subsumed into the existing govt &amp; banking structure, precisely the structure bitcoin was designed to subvert.
@_date: 2017-05-15 22:44:02
Someone figured out an estimate years ago on bitcointalk... can't remember. If your bandwidth is A, and you need to transmit a block of B Mb to C nodes, then the risk of orphaning is calculable. So you can dynamically calculate what is the risk/reward for a block of N transactions with a total fee of M.
So... yes, I understand it can be done.
@_date: 2017-05-18 23:14:14
A full node is the most private way, yes I agree. If you are using bitcoin for on-chain transactions, there is a benefit to having a full node.
In fact, I am currently running two full nodes.
However if I am squeezed out of bitcoin on-chain transactions, forced into a second layer because block space is too expensive, then there is no benefit to me in running a full node.
I certainly wouldn't feel any need to be verifying interbank transfers.
And can you really make an *unlimited* number of *small* payments? I was under the impression that the pro-small-block people were of the opinion that small payments should be considered as spam. Am I right? Even now fees are becoming too expensive for any transaction below about $10. When will it stop increasing?
Thanks for taking the time to debate with me.
@_date: 2017-07-25 06:53:47
Thanks once again for the polite and measured responses.


The attack specifically operates by orphaning the blocks of an honest miner. That's precisely how the incentive works: "build on my block or get orphaned". With all respect, your responses just state "honest miners won't build on it", but perhaps you haven't fully understood how the incentive works?


I don't entirely agree. The point of the attack is to train the network to accept sig-less transactions in a block for some short interval of time. Eventually it will happen that that short interval of time includes a second, and then a third block etc.
e.g. I asked in the other forum: what if it one day emerges that a small $1 tx exists deep in the blockchain for which no valid signature can be found. Is the chain still valid?
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:12:20
I'm fascinated by this debate. It reminds of bitcointalk.org in the very early days. Once again, very appreciative of your time.
Perhaps I'm beginning to understand your point of view. Suppose the attacker wishes to begin training the network to accept a block with N transactions, containing (let's assume) a single tx **without** a corresponding sig in the witness block. There are two options:
1) The merkle root for the sig data is built from the N-1 transactions. At this point the network will say *"Hah, you have N transactions, but only N-1 sigs creating the merkle root hash, your block will be forever invalid, go away"*.
Therefore, the attack fails.
2) The merkle root for the sig data is built from the N transactions, **including** the witness data for the bogus sig-less (and unpublished) transaction which the attacker obviously created himself. At this point the network will say *"Wait a sec, I have only seen N-1 of these transactions. That Nth transaction in your block was never published so I don't have the sig data AND you didn't include it in your witness block. Therefore I can't compute the same merkle tree root so I don't know if your block is valid or not."*.
At this point, the attacker says *"facepalm, sorry guys, my code hiccupped, here's the full sig data, check out my corrected merkle tree, you guys can build on my block now"*.
As time passes then, this becomes a more frequent occurrence, with a longer interval before the attacker publishes the full sig data (hoping to orphan some honest blocks in the process in order to drive the incentive), and with that interval eventually encompassing blocks which build on the attack block. (Obviously, those gullible miners who build on the attack block would be running modified code, much like header-only mining today.)
Yes, I see how that seems less likely than as it is described in the video. All other miners will of course become suspicious: *"wtf, why do you keep publishing blocks without all the sig data"*. The attacker could potentially maintain a separate identity for each attacking block. e.g, for what it's worth, publishing blocks via tor, but that wouldn't seem to significantly mitigate the suspicion of honest miners unless the attacker controls a large fraction of hashing power, i.e. *"wtf, why does someone keep publishing blocks with heretofore unseen transactions, without including the sig data for those txs. Is someone really trying that dumb attack???"*.
Ok, I wonder is Rizun active on this forum, I'd love to see his take on how he sees the attack playing out at this lower level.
I'm not convinced either way, but I am keeping an open mind. I have a few other comments based on your last post.


The only value here is to double-spend an SPV wallet and cause other miners to waste cycles. I can't see it being a major threat to bitcoin.


I'm confused. All transactions, spent or not, are permanently stored in the blockchain today. Inputs+Outputs+Scripts+Sigs, all in the blockchain forever. Perhaps you mean a bitcoin client with the -txindex=0 ?


I do :-) I have two full nodes and an exectrumx server running, and soon I'll be trying to set up full segwit &amp; BCC nodes, each with electrumx.


But there is a difference. Right now when you download a 1MB block, the signature data is in there. If you can compute the hash of a block, that implies that you have material possession of the signature data. Under segwit, you only need the merkle tree root of the sig data and an assumption that it is correct.
Segwit allows that assumption to be disconnected from the block verification (like header-only mining) or even outsourced to a trusted node. This attack then, views that disconnect as a vulnerability, and asserts a method to exploit it through incentivising a prolonged disconnect.
There is no comparable attack against, e.g., the tx inputs.


I understand the argument of attacking old non-segwit nodes. But that's not my thinking. Even if this attack emerges to be invalid for the reasons above, I still think the tx input data could be considered as "equivalently valuable" to the signature data. Therefore, if we have SegWit, let's go with SegInput too. i.e. if all nodes and miners truly remain honest and fully check txs &amp; signatures, what's the point of having the inputs in the blockchain? They just take up space and bandwidth leading to greater centralization etc etc. Just include a merkle tree hash for the input data, and publish the raw input data separately. Similar argument would hold for SegOutput.
You know, that might almost be an elegant proposal! A minimal block, maybe 1kB, containing merkle roots of the raw data. Raw data which can be downloaded from *somewhere* whenever you want.
@_date: 2017-07-26 20:01:04
Hi again - apologies I couldn't get online yesterday to reply. Your post made me think quite hard on this. So, here goes. Sorry if my post is long.


If the attack occurs as you describe it, then no, I do not disagree with any of it. However, firstly the attacker could well sell his gains on localbitcoins or some p2p exchange. Furthermore, see below, who's to assume an exchange will be checking the sigs? They might well trust that miners are checking sigs. Particularly under segwit where checking sigs is dislocated from the proof-of-work and particularly under this attack where checking signatures becomes more complicated.
More relevant, what's missing from your description of the attack is that sig-less txs would start to become a known phenomenon long before an actual theft could take place. First the sigs would be missing for a minute, then 2 minutes, then 5 minutes, then a block, then 2 blocks and so on. And while all exchanges might well eventually reject the chain with a sig-less transaction, the point remains that the network will eventually need to fork with huge loss of value to *someone*.




I have a couple of responses here:
1) *"the answer is no"*:  Wait a sec: I thought keeping signatures was optional under segwit, that they can be pruned. So you would seem to be implying that there will *always* be someone that keeps *all* tx signatures freely available for download *forever*. Is that really guaranteed?
2) *"What if a miner mines a transaction for which the input can't be found? Is the chain still valid?"*
Clearly not, I'm glad we agree on this. However I think you're comparing apples with oranges. The inputs (like the sigs today) are a core component of the blockchain, the merkle root, and the proof-of-work. Segwit changes that for the sigs so in the future, finding a tx without its sig will NOT be comparable to finding a tx without its input.
To better illustrate my concern, let me talk a little about Craig Wright. CW came along and made the bold claim to be SN. And the world rightly responded "show me crypto-proof or GTFO". So, in a sense, CW made a claim but didn't offer a signature. His claim was worthless without the signature.
So coming back to segwit, in my mind bitcoin transactions are a bit similar. Claiming an input (i.e. spending a UTXO) is worthless without the signature. Well, you say, the miners will check the sig before including it in the blockchain. But, I say, if the claim is worthless without the sig and the sig is no longer part of the blockchain, then let's take the claim out of the blockchain too.
And so I could propose a new softfork: "SegInput". We remove the inputs from the transaction hash and merkle tree, put them in a same structure as the SegWit data, and allow the input to each transaction to be purged according to every user's preference, just like segwit. (edit: and consider, do we really need the inputs to be in the permanent blockchain record?)
Think seriously about that - if the claim is worthless without the sig (do YOU take CW's unproven claim seriously?), then we may as well treat it the same way. In fact, if you take this to it's logical extreme, then we could consider miners purely as the "guardians of the UTXO set", and so propose a third softfork "SegOutput". The block would simply be a timestamp and a proof-of-work, with hash values and merkle trees pointing to transaction data that may or may not have been purged globally. You could include a hash of the current UTXO set for example (or it's merkle tree, or whatever), and that's your block. Everything else would be in the same structure as segwit.
Of course, anyone could still run a fully verifying node, downloading all the data and checking (1) that the inputs are removed from the UTXO set, (2) that only the correct outputs are added, and of course (3) that the sigs check out.
For me, spending ("claiming") an input is meaningless without the crpyto-proof of ownership, like CW and his claim to be SN. With segwit, changing how bitcoin operates on the sigs is a deep deep change to the trust model of bitcoin. And yes, maybe it will be ok to trust that the miners and the exchanges will be honest and do the right thing, but I don't like it and this attack exemplifies my dislike.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:06:02
Hi RubenSomsen, thanks for taking the time to respond.
Agreed that a fully validating node will reject a block without sig data, however I genuinely can't see the world rolling back if it emerges that a miner carrying out the attack described in the video successfully embeds an unsigned transaction a few blocks deep. The point of the attack is that miners are actually incentivised to build on blocks without full signature data.
I get what you're saying "the rules of segwit mean invalid tx is rejected", however if you can't refute the attack, then unfortunately I'm not gonna buy in to segwit (no big loss, some might say!!).
Consider that the signature data isn't actually necessary to verify the proof-of-work and build the chain. I mean, suppose all miners (I know it's improbable) suddenly decided to forget about verifying signature data...? Would it be then possible to carry out this attack? Now imagine a situation where one miner decides to forget about verifying sig data, under the assumption that other miners are verifying it. His costs are slightly reduced, giving him a competitive advantage. In this scenario verifying signatures becomes a tragedy-of-the-commons, everyone assuming someone else will do it.
With respect, all you're telling me is what is already known - a signature-less segwit transaction is invalid under segwit rules. What I want to see addressed is how this attack creates a financial incentive such that an honest rational miner would choose to mine on a block containing a signature-less transaction.
Note that I'm not against segwit per-se. I'm sure the authors of segwit have bitcoin's best intentions at heart. But to me it looks like clumsy fix that will have unintended consequences - namely to break the trust model at the very core of bitcoin. (I know there are alternatives such as flextrans etc, but I haven't had time to review these. There may well be similar flaws here.)
Once again, thanks for your time.
@_date: 2013-03-12 10:35:00
I don't understand by you say that deciding a case on some identifiable rules (presumably specified at the moment of signing the contract) is the opposite of the arbitrator being fair.
Surely an ideal arbitration would leave no scope for interpretation on the part of the abitrator - that is, the contract would have specified the outcomes for every possible set of circumstances, so the arbitrator need only make an objective decision based on the evidence at hand. Indeed, any abitrator should come to the same decision given the same circumstances and the same contract. Right?
Of course, the two contracting parties have to have enough foresight to draw up a contract that foresees every possible eventuality (what if..... "a meteorite hits the postman just as he is delivering the parcel?").
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:02:43


Yeah, these goons thinking to say things are the same... and they can't even get the colour right. Hah. Amateurs.
+bitcointip 1 bitcent verify
@_date: 2013-10-27 12:23:06
I disagree with one of your premises, that when BTC increases in value by 5% then a return of 3% is unacceptable.
Suppose I have 10BTC which buys me, say, 1 Oz of gold, and I expect it to increase in value by 5% in one year, thus buying 1.05 Oz. Now someone requests a loan from me and offers 3% interest. Well, after one year he will repay me 1.03 BTC and I'll be able to buy 1.0815 Oz of gold. I win.
Am I somehow thinking about it wrong?
@_date: 2013-03-13 14:25:47
No, I don't mean to base judgements on case law. I mean, specifically, that the ideal contract should foresee all possible circumstances, and proscribe a path of action for each of them. Therefore, the judgement is purely objective and does not require "fairness" or "equity" which are, by nature, subjective.
But my question was to cryptoglyph, who claims to be a lawyer - why is "the arbitrator will decide the case on some identifiable and potentially discrete set of rules" *opposite* to "ex aequo et bono"? Only if the "set of rules" are unfair, I presume, but in that case, who would consent to be judged by them?
edit: you're right. If the contract is clear about what to do given the circumstances, arbitration should not be necessary. But... the parties to the contract might not be capable of objectively assessing the circumstances.
@_date: 2013-03-21 17:38:41
Well I just looked at bitcoincharts again, and it pushed right through up to almost $75. So either:
1. this extreme rise from $48 to $74 in 72 hours marks the beginning of a new trend, maybe due to FinCEN or Cyprus or both. This would be a new phenomenon for bitcoin because, historically, we haven't had one exponential growth phase come right on top of another before.
2. it's a speculative bubble and we can expect the price to drop back either to the recent Jan-March trendline, or maybe drop and flatline until the long term trend operating since 2011 catches up.  Presumably, a few months after, the following phase of growth would kick in bringing us through another doubling or two over a period of maybe three months.
NOTE: both these hypotheses assume that the trends holding until now, continue to hold.  Draw your own conclusions about whether that is a reliable assumption or not.
@_date: 2013-04-12 09:31:49
At this link: 
I posted an image showing bitcoin going through phases of exponential growth, so I thought I'd update the graph for the recent fiasco.
In the new graph you can see that there was a steady exponential growth for two months from mid-january to mid-march.
Then cyprus went beserk, leading to an immediate and crazy exponential period with a doubling every 11.5 days! To make it clear, **this doubling was even faster than the June 2011 bubble**. See the linked post for the image showing that.
So, I can offer a hypothesis. When the Cyprus crisis went public, many people thought "Ahh, Cypriots are going to be buying bitcoins, ahhhh, all of Europe will want to be buying bitcoins, ahhhh, the whole world will want to buy bitcoins."
So speculators saw a chance and pushed the price way way up.
I happened to read an article a while ago which stated something like Cypriots, and the whole world, never did go crazy buying bitcoins after all(can't remember where). So this always was (as many many people predicted) just a speculative bubble.
The good news is that we've more-or-less returned to a longer term trend. In fact, if the Cyprus crisis and subsequent bubble hadn't happened, but the Jan-Mar trend had continued, we'd be right where we are now.
For reference, you can also see the long term trend which has been holding since roughly Jan 2011.
edit: MyGox lag and possible DDOS attacks certainly didn't help.
@_date: 2013-03-26 09:09:29
If only I could write decent programs, I'd have online armory present the unsigned transaction on screen - either the hex string, or maybe a QR code. With the webcam on the offline machine, scan in the code, sign it, present the signed one on screen, again as a QR code. Use the webcam on your online machine to scan it back and broadcast.
You'd have to be sure your armory clients were not hacked though - it'd probably be easy for a hacker to make armory put the private keys on screen instead. So, maybe, you could use a different client on your mobile phone to scan in the signed transaction, display the decoded contents of the transaction, and then broadcast.
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:01:25
Buy some bitcoins, then when you are a multi-zillionaire, buy out the firm and fire them all.
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:17:58
I guess you should put your coins in cold storage so, before they get too hot.
Damn, might even have to put my hot wallet in the fridge. Sizzle.
@_date: 2013-03-26 09:10:20
Whoops, I just posted the same thing before seeing this.
@_date: 2013-03-05 09:21:33
1. My mistake. I'm quite certain the hack had *something* to do with the decline all the way to $2 though.
I won't bother reading the rest of your post. :-|
@_date: 2013-04-12 10:03:43
Where did I say anything about the future? The entire analysis makes statements exclusively about the past. Fortunately, we know that.
I'll happily extrapolate the straight lines into the future, but that's just extrapolation, not a prediction in any sense of the word. Here's one: if the long term trend of doubling every 153 days holds for 1530 days, bitcoins will be worth about 2^10 =1024 times their current value, maybe $80,000 each! Not a prediction, just an extrapolation.
edit: read a couple of scientific journals and you'll see how scientists like to draw lines on charts and predict the future. That's pretty much how science works: make a theory, watch it survive or get busted. Some people might argue that economics is not a science though. I'll just say that it's not really a hard science (like e.g. astrophysics or, hardest of them all, mathematics) but is very random and strongly unpredictable.
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:12:12
Actually, now that you make me think on it, I wonder how come there are no Tor sites selling ebooks, mp3s, videos, anything digital for bitcoins. Ok, download rate over tor would be too slow, but you could sell a link (valid only once) to the file on a clearnet site.
@_date: 2013-04-24 09:06:58
Most of the posts here suggest some malicious app got root access on your phone. I have installed SuperSU on a rooted android device - it prompts you every time any app requests root permissions. Of course, you must trust SuperSU too.
@_date: 2013-03-16 07:54:10
Just thought I'd chime in too - I ordered a puzzle and some kombucha tea. Coincidentally I also ordered on the 3rd and it arrived on the 15th. They had some problems with their kombucha supplier which delayed shipping by a week, but they compensated by choosing a faster shipping method and including two (!) sushi candy kits.
The puzzle was curious, but didn't take long to solve - here it is reassembled the wrong way: 
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:54:20
Valid questions. Downloads of the client, or signups to blockchain wallet would give you the first answer. Info about big news, who's accepting, could come from google trends or similar. I want to think more about how to analyse the use-to-hoard ratio. I'm thinking along teh lines of blitcoin-days-destroyed, but there's something not right with that. The last, how long it takes to buy... dunno. Ask them? Do a survey on bitcointalk?
@_date: 2013-03-05 17:38:00
Silly question - what can you do with 99.99% pure gallium?  What... like snort it for the ultimate high or something?  :-)
@_date: 2013-10-16 18:37:04
I'd guess someone has a look up table and just monitors the blockchain for matches.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:56:17
At the weather warms up, people plan more holidays. As people plan more holidays they realise they need bitcoins to trade into local currency on arrival. So demand for bitcoin rises.
Then there's a sudden cold spell, everyone cancels their holiday bookings, and sell the bitcoins. Big crash.
Awesome! Wahoo!
+bitcointip 1 bitcent verify
@_date: 2013-04-02 12:39:00
I disagree. It just requires a hacker to pass through a few more hoops, like changing the code in the browser extension and presenting it as legit. I don't mean to belittle blockchain.info, their product is awesome and it's only slightly less safe than your own bitcoin client+encrypted wallet, but if they get hacked and people's bitcoins disappear, it's unlikely they'll refund everything.
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:47:15
You just need someone trusted by both parties, and all the math is done on this site.
@_date: 2013-03-14 09:17:39
I always thought a satoshi (10^-8 bitcoins) could be a capital S with a small o in the middle.  
@_date: 2013-03-19 12:04:34
Careful what you wish for - bitcoin private keys are just information.
@_date: 2013-04-02 22:05:56
I stand corrected. So this attack would be comparable to, say, a hacker managing to getting malicious code into the bitcoin-qt client maybe?
Sorry folks, I take it back.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:15:39
@_date: 2013-03-21 11:10:50
Hi, I just made a graph of the data from bitcoincharts.com for MtGox USD, taking all 6-hourly data since their records begin. Bitcoin seems to go through phases of exponential growth, which probably means that it spreads virally through a new class of user before saturating its presence in that group. I had a pet theory a while ago that each new phase of expansion of bitcoin would always be slower than the last, but this latest increase to $65 is actualy faster than the previous two. However it is significantly slower than the June 2011 bubble, which saw the price double almost 3 times as fast as it is doubling today.
For those that don't know, exponential expansion indicates that, on average, every entity participating in some network is bringing in another entity in some fixed time. It could be rabbits breeding, or cells dividing in a foetus. From 1 cell or rabbit, you get two. From 2, you get 4. From 4, 8. And so on. Each doubling occurs in the same time.
Right now, bitcoin price is doubling every 33 days or so. If this were to keep up (which it won't, I'm certain) until year end, bitcoins would be worth about $16k each, and market cap would be about $200 billion. However, each of the previous exponential expansions lasted typically about one or two months each. Which would suggesting we're near the end of this one, assuming no externalities to disrupt the trend (like global banking collapse).
I added in another interesting curve. Bitcoin first hit the news in 2011 with a couple of slashdot and wired posts. So if we take from there to today, and fit an exponential, we get a doubling every 150 days or so.  So with this hindsight it's clear to see that the June'11 bubble was truly a bubble. Growth since then has been intermittent but constant over the long term. I'm not one to speculate, but the graph suggests bitcoins bought today will be worth 4 times as much in 12 months.
edit: thanks for the tips folks. I'll use 'em for spreading the love on reddit!
@_date: 2013-03-27 22:13:00
One barrel of oil contains about 200 litres of fuel. Each litre contains about 40MJ of usable energy. This is interesting, because the block reward, 25BTC, will buy maybe 20 barrels of oil containing a total of 20x200x40MJ=160GJ of energy.
Each block requires an average of 2^32 x6.7 Mega-hashes to compute, and with Avalon ASICS you get, I think, about 100 MH/J, so you need maybe 300 MJ to compute the block.
So spending 300MJ to win 1 block could buy you enough energy to win 160GJ/300MJ=500 more blocks! Nice profit margin.
edit: seems too much. Maybe I confused a mega for a giga somewhere?
edit2: no, it's right. GPUs are about 2% as efficient, which means a single block mined on a GPU pays for another 10 blocks worth of hashing power. Still a nice profit margin, but it close to break-even at the reward halving when oil price was much the same, and bitcoins were only $10.
@_date: 2013-03-15 11:19:17
down here too.
@_date: 2013-03-22 08:04:24
I would add that the testnet initial block download is *way* quicker. Like 30 minutes or so.
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:04:14
What I mean is, the haters denounce bitcoin because it's not backed by any government. Well, look here, see what a government has done to the money held by its people! Do you still like government backed currency?
@_date: 2013-03-16 08:36:44
Suppose if the developers had used an arbitrary precision calculation in the transactions, e.g., by using text strings to represent numbers. So you could, effectively, have a transaction with 1.234567890123456789012..... BTC. Would you still call it infinite supply?  The position of the decimal point *is* arbitrary, but not arbitrarily changeable.
Think about it like this. Right now the world has some liquidity problems. Some people say we need more liquid currency, hence quantitative easing and bank bailouts. Other people say we need less. The people that say these things are well paid bankers, academics and economists who have studied economics for a long time so you'd think that, if there were a single true solution to the problem, then they would know what it was and, more importantly, they would agree. They clearly do not.
So what we have is some VeryImportantPerson who puts on a gown and a cap and decrees "thou shalt have more currency", and makes it so. And like I say, clever people make up theories but *nobody really knows what's best*. Even historically there have been cases of massive deflation (1930s great depression) and hyperinflation (Weimar Germany, Zimbabwe, other places). So, it would seem, whatever the VIPs decide, they don't seem to necessarily get it right, long term.
Now look at bitcoin's divisibility. At the start they were trading at 1000BTC per USD. The smallest useful unit (in terms of any realistic transaction you might make) would have been 10BTC or so (1¢). Now it's 0.02BTC/USD. Smallest realistic transaction would be 0.0002BTC. Nobody decreed this, it has emerged as a natural market price (I'm assuming no manipulation here).
So *if* the smallest realistic transaction should ever approach bitcoin's limit, wouldn't it make sense that the devs should respond to the expression of the market? Or should they leave it as is and, potentially, make the smallest bitcoin transaction equal in value to, eg, $1 today?
Note, I'm not saying the free market is ideal - again, some very qualified people say the free market is the only logical path to follow, other very qualified people say otherwise. Who am I to contradict them?
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:20:58
Is there any way to fix this? Apart from zerocoin which is not yet practical.
@_date: 2013-10-20 15:47:38
Can you repeat the calculation for a miner that holds the bitcoins mined for 6 months before selling, then 12 months, then 24 months.
Better still, take some pieces of hardware currently available, consider the time from paying to receiving and setting to work mining, and calculate how long you'd need to hold the bitcoins in order to get back exactly the initial investment. Would this require paying for the hardware in fiat, bitcoins excluded?
@_date: 2013-03-05 17:36:02
I thought the reason would be something like this and it's great news for bitcoin. So... no I'm not disgruntled and I hope that was clear in my post.
Mostly what I'm saying is that vendors (again, not singling out anyone, just a message for all) should probably make sure that anything that can be paid for (or has been paid for) should be ALREADY in stock, ready for packaging, or at least ready to be immediately supplied to the vendor. And should not be telling customers that there's been a supply delay and it'll be a month before the item is ready for shipping, after which time you could have the same order for half the price.  You guys already seem to be running a tight ship.
Worst case shipping estimate is also a good move.
@_date: 2013-03-05 01:38:50
1. initial bubble burst because some important sites were hacked and people lost money (e.g. mtgox). More importantly, the hackers used their access to mtgox to sell lots of bitcoins. This ate through all the buy orders until the price dropped to $0.01 (IIRC). These transactions were internal to MtGox and never made it to the blockchain, so MtGox switched off their servers and reversed as many as they could.  But, damage was done, bitcoin suffered.
2. GPU mining was known about from very near the end. I remember browsing satoshi's posts and seeing him ask for "a gentleman's agreement" not to start GPU mining until bitcoin became more widely adopted.
3. Legislation. Though many will say this would not be enough to kill it, but that it would survive in a black market. In fact, some think that legislation against bitcoin would be a tacit acknowledgement of it's superiority.
4. Overall market is too small.
5. I'd suggest Ripple or maybe OpenTransactions.
6. Yes. There was an overflow error which caused a hard fork a few years ago. Someone crafted a transaction whose summed inputs exceeded the maximum for that data type, and so they managed to award themselves many millions of bitcoins (more that 21 million).
7. I understand BDD, but I'm unable to explain it in a short space. I'd suggest reading the wiki, if you haven't already, and then trying to explain what it is that you *don't* understand about it.
@_date: 2013-02-26 10:25:56
TL;DR - like Tor for physical packages, right?
@_date: 2013-03-11 09:35:21
Not quite. Suppose for the first 1008 blocks, the hashrate is 10MH/s. Then a new miner comes along and adds another 10MH/s to make 20MH/s. The average for the period is 15MH/s, so the difficulty will incease by a factor 1.5. This will make it the correct difficulty for 15MH/s to produce a block every 10m, but the actual hashrate is 20MH/s. So blocks will still be coming faster than you might expect.
@_date: 2013-03-05 09:42:34
Signed up for bitcointip the other day. You seem as good a cause as any for my first tip.
+tip 1 bitcent verify
@_date: 2013-03-13 08:19:15
This is a good idea. Could be part of "expert user" menus. +tip 1 bitcent verify
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:39:38
Would be nice to know more of this.
@_date: 2013-03-20 22:48:06
You *might* get lucky.
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:02:11
It would be easy enough. Just take your favourite mp3 or whatever, perform bit-for-bit XOR with the same number of bytes from the blockchain and publish the result. Anyone who wants to listen to that mp3 need only XOR it again with the blockchain, and put their headphones on. Voila.
Actually, this is interesting. Imagine your favourite torrent site serving torrents to blockchain-XOR'ed data. Would the data, and the torrent files, still be illegal?
@_date: 2013-03-03 15:06:25
Would be nice to see this for VPS aswell. Anyone know if such a thing has been done?
@_date: 2013-04-10 09:57:32
Never trust the internets with a passphrase of any kind. Passphrases should *always* be hashed or encrypted before sending.
On the one hand, it might seem that bitcointools is a scam (your 18BTC could probably pay for the webspace for 100 years) , on the other hand the site makes no promise about what it does with the data entered. I'd say it *should* have a big warning across the top though.
Lastly, it might not even have been the admins of bitcointools. It's a clearnet site with no SSL. The URL you requested was transmitted in cleartext, so any router along the way could have trivially snooped your passphrase on the way up, or the private key on the way back down.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:10:42
This is actually a great idea. And could probably be done with stock openssh tools. Take 256 random bytes, and decrypt with some password. Use the resulting 256 bytes as a private key and send it some bitcents. Decrypt the 256 random bytes again with another password to generate a different private key. Rinse. Repeat.
+tip 1 bitcent verify
@_date: 2013-10-30 22:52:38
You'd naturally weight that into the interest. If you make 100 loans at 3% each with a 99% probability of payback, then figure them as 2.97% interest.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:36:02
The science of data analysis has, effectively, a single goal: to take what looks like random or nonsensical data, and turn it into a straight line (or some other mathematically simple line). This should preferably come about for some logical reason, such as, "well, if we make assumption X about this data, then it should behave according to function Y". You then transform your data appropriately and see if the result corresponds.
Alternatively, you can just try a variety of transformations until the data does form a straight line or some other simple curve. Then you can hypothesize why that particular transformation is relevant.
For example, here, the transformation is trivial. It is just taking the logarithm of the USD/BTC price and, lo and behold, out come straight lines, indicating periods of exponential growth. And this makes sense if we assume that knowledge of bitcoin is spreading through the population like a virus with some infection probability, but still far from saturation.
@_date: 2013-10-30 22:54:40
No wait, that's not right. Should be 1.97%.
@_date: 2013-03-20 22:01:20
I think I didn't explain myself. You don't need to make any bitcoin transactions in order to do this. Suppose your mp3 is 1Mb = 1048576 bytes in size. Well, you take the first 1048576 bytes of the blockchain (or, any 1048576 bytes of the blockchain, or ANY 1048576 bytes at all, as long as the recipient has the exact same bytes), perform bitwise XOR with both byte arrays, and publish the result.
This data you publish will be undecipherable junk - it won't look like an mp3, and it won't look like the blockchain... UNTIL it is, again, XOR'ed with the same 1048576 bytes of the blockchain, at which point, out comes the same mp3 file.
No transaction necessary, though of course, you could ask to be paid with a bitcoin transaction in order to send the data.
edit: this means you cannot "store any data in [the blockchain]" as you wrote. That would involve makeing lots of transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:53:40
I think it's all a question of how large a fraction of bitcoin holders will dump when the price eventually stagnates, and how quickly they'll do it. With FinCEN and Cyprus there will be a lot of attention coming our way so, when the price *does* stagnate and some holders start to dump, there may well be enough new buyers coming online to soak it up, and so prevent the price falling again. One thing is sure: people that know about bitcoin are a tiny tiny tiny fraction of the population. There is vast room for userbase expansion.
Also, with FinCEN and Cyprus, bitcoin is bound to be in the news a lot more - damn, every day I read another quasi-mainstream piece about it.
So if I had to call it, I'd say it's a speculative bubble that just might not pop - each new high bitcoin reaches seems just to set a new floor for the next expansion. But we'll eventually run out of new users, either by legislation or by eventually reaching everyone. And when that happens the price will surely fall, but my gut feeling is that it'll be a whole lot higher than $73 when it stops falling. Barring problems with bitcoin itself (e.g. disastrous hard fork with extensive double spends, effective legislation, weakness in SHA256 or ECDSA etc) I'd be very surprised if bitcoin ever again suffers a 95% drop in value like in July 2011 (edit: or at least, no all in one go). I mean, every new high kind of validates a new price band which might extend let's say from 50% to 200% of that high value. Or maybe from 25% to 400%. But it won't be from 5% to 2000%. Am I explaining myself?
I'm not an 'investor' really. I don't have enough assets :-(  If I did have anything to invest and a safe place to store these items, I'd put it into, in order of preference: physical gold, food supplies and contracts, weapons, oil and contracts, bitcoins, property. Right now, I would avoid any fiat-denominated assets like the plague.
edit: my biggest interest in bitcoin is because I am completely fascinated by it. It's like a huge experiment to test if Austrian or Keynesian economic theory is "correct". Only it's not done with some mathematical model running inside a computer. It's done with real people, with real wealth, with a real economy. Absolutely fascinating.
edit2: rereading this, it seems bitcoin will never drop again. I think it will, just as soon as new people stop coming on board, AND it seems unlikely that more new people will ever come on board. I still doubt that it would go through huge crashes though.
@_date: 2013-04-08 12:09:19
My opinion is that, at the moment, bitcoin usage (apart from speculation) is perhaps 50/50 (plus-or-minus 25%) "illegal" uses - SR for example. But much of SR is already illegal without bitcoins and it seems to survive just fine, so it's not clear that outlawing bitcoin would stop SR.
On the other had, there are, as OP says, lots of legitimate new businesses opening their doors to bitcoin users. I suspect this market will grow far faster than the illegal market, see bitcoinstore for example. So outlawing bitcoins will clearly hurt the market without actually stopping the illegal bitcoin users ("If you outlaw freedom, then only criminals will be free").
Which brings us the old argument - if you outlaw bitcoins in the name of money laundering, terrorism, drugs, CP, then you must ask: why don't you also outlaw fiat cash which is used to finance the same things.
Since fiat cash will not be outlawed, it will be clear that any attempt at outlawing bitcoin is so that the status quo remains the status quo (though maybe media propaganda ("think of the children") will fool most of the people).
Speaking for myself, I'm not interested in drugs and I'm not interest in evading taxes. I am interested in buying things with bitcoin - I've already bought books, puzzles and tea, and I will soon buy a laptop from bitcoinstore. I like not making fat bankers' pockets fatter.
So, to answer OP's question: yes, bitcoin would work just fine even if outlawed (witness: bittorrent). With a lower price perhaps. However, f I were legislating, I would try very hard to understand the full effects before enacting the legislation. **Outlawing bitcoin could very easily backfire** - for example some businesses would surely still accept it but then they couldn't report the income. Not reporting the income would make it vastly more profitable to use bitcoin instead of fiat, so bitcoin prices might even be 10-20% below the fiat equivalent. Businesses compliant with the law couldn't possibly compete and in the space of a few years, you could find that some things (particularly digital goods) are only available from illegal bitcoin stores.
You would need to understand your population - if people want to avoid taxes then they'll tend to bitcoin even, maybe especially, if it's outlawed. If people are happy to pay their taxes (maybe where they see that taxes are a good investment in society), then perhaps you could leave bitcoin legal, and trust people to report their true incomes. Blockchain analysis might help you to catch the big fish.
However, I see that in Europe and the US, many people are bitter that their taxes, and future taxes, will be used to bail out privately owned businesses that hugely profited from their own bad decisions.
Here's something for you to experiment with. +bitcointip 1 bitcent verify
@_date: 2013-02-10 11:20:25
Gotta say, if I had any bitcoin income, I'd probably declare it. But I can see that if your income is excusively bitcoin, then you should be ok. But if you convert any serious amount to fiat, then you'd have to see to how you handle that. Does it go into a bank account? Or if it's all paper cash, then you can't take in more than you spend each month. Unless you start buying expensive cars and houses, in which case someone will eventually start asking questions (e.g. jealous neighbors).