@_author: fermatslastrolo
@_date: 2012-12-19 08:10:31
'Sativa' is just the Latin word for 'cultivated', as in "Avena sativa" (oat), "Oryza sativa" (rice) and "Cannabis sativa".
Cannabis and Humulus (hops) are both members of the Cannabaceae family, however.
@_date: 2013-04-30 17:52:36
In the context it's being used, it's a complement. I understand why this could be interpreted negatively by the general public, and I agree that when explaining Bitcoin to the uninitiated we should probably avoid using the term. To the technically literate, however, referring to them as hackers suggests a level of talent and passion isn't necessarily implied by saying "software developers".
@_date: 2013-01-06 17:57:33
It doesn't matter. As processing power increases we'll be able to create increasingly larger scale simulations on lower levels. Even if we can never create a high level software AI (which I doubt), we can simply scan existing brains and create a computer model at the neuron level. We already know that this would require approximately 10^16 FLOPS to accomplish, which is around the top speed of current supercomputers.
Personally, I think we'll develop an AGI based on the architecture of the brain, but modeling a level somewhere between individual neurons and neocortical columns. This is backed up by a [recent study by Henry Markram and Rodrigo Perin]( which found repeating assemblies of a few dozen neurons, the connections between which may be a more significant factor in the operation of the brain than the connections between individual neurons.
However, if this makes you optimistic about the future, don't be. As it stands, it seems likely that an AGI will be produced before we properly understand AI safety. While science fiction typically suggests a Terminator style scenario for AI gone wrong, the reality is that even the creation of an indifferent AI could be an extinction event for humanity.


Luke Muehlhauser of the Singularity Institute for Artificial Intelligence explains this scenario in a lot more depth [in his AMA.](
@_date: 2013-04-23 12:20:21
That's a virtual office service. I've used them before.