@_author: fermistat
@_date: 2014-03-22 13:54:16
You never know why someone is selling.  Could be cutting a loss.  Could be taking a profit while they still can.  Might need the cash to pay bills.  There are thousands of reasons.  
One the other hand, people almost always buy because they think the price is going up over the time horizon in which they expect to take profits.   It doesn't mean they're right.  And no one else knows what their time horizon is.  
It doesn't matter much though, one way or another.  No matter when you buy or sell you're likely getting in or out after the smart money and the bots.  And they lose money enough of the time to keep them more nervous than lemurs in a lion's cage downing uppers with espressos.
 
Realistically, the only strategy that will work if you're not smart money or a bot is to buy and hold long enough to take some profits.  Bitch is, the party may already be over.  Or maybe it's going to the moon.  
Problem is, if you've got money in, you can't not play the guessing game because the next black swan might be right around the corner.  The US, China and Europe might decide to back an altcoin.   The UN might vote to ban cryptos.   Satoshi might really have been a group working for the NSA and not only do they know how to use your coins to track you, they can take them at will.   
Ain't this fun?  
For the record, I'm long, but not with money I can't afford to lose.  Ok, maybe a little.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:12:26
It's like the old joke:  no one goes there any more, it's too crowded. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:37:28
Umm... I'll let you do the math over, starting with:  a token is not a block.  You subtracted 483,679 blocks from 21 million tokens (BCH).   
Once you clear up your confusion between blocks and tokens, you'll need to account for the fact that BCH isn't counting from 0 tokens to 21,000,000 tokens.  It started at 16 million+, when it forked from BTC.  If it hadn't, no free money,  right?  
Another little hint:  the reward for each block is currently 12.5 BCH.   At some point that reward will reduce by half.  You can see the non-pathological stats for BTC here and "do the math" for BCH.  
Edit:  "the reward for each token"  replaced with "the reward for each block".  Yep, I feel stupid.  