@_author: fermit
@_date: 2018-01-10 21:55:24
I'm not answering any more of your questions about Ethereum. Your mind is already made up and I don't give a shit about changing it. If you genuinely want to learn about it, which I know you don't but whatever, do some unbiased research for yourself instead of just trying to needle people on Reddit. Multiple cryptos can and almost definitely will all exist at once, you acknowledging that won't destroy your precious Bitcoin.


My fucking god this is literally *the entire crypto space*. You're a Bitcoin fanboy, have you or have you not been talking to people about how LN is going to solve all of Bitcoin's problems in the last few months? You literally said the words "bring in the new economy" shortly after calling somebody a shill.


He says while completely ignoring all of the things being developed and the snail's pace of development in BTC.


If I go on just the first page of your comment history you call three separate people shills just because they weren't sucking Bitcoin's cock. Take a look in the mirror dude.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:08:20
dAPPs aren't a real life use case for you? If they're not a real life use case what the hell do you see in Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:01:07


[There are hundreds of dApps](


What advantage does Bitcoin (or Bitcoin Cash if you don't like Bitcoin) have over traditional currency? Eth is decentralized. The whole thing everyone is so hyped about with crypto is that the vast majority of them are quite decentralized.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:26:50


While I do tentatively agree with this statement on the transparency part, the primary cause of the crash were CDOs. They're an instrument so complex that it was essentially impossible for them to have existed much earlier than they came about - the system wasn't mature enough for them to have even been conceived. So, that being said, Bitcoin **in its purest state**, with no side-channels or third party actors or other convolutions or manipulations of the basic (for lack of a better word) currency, probably would have been able to avoid the lack of transparency in the amount of leverage. 
However, Bitcoin's only been around for 9 years and it's already getting optimized for the use of side-channels. We have no idea what mind bogglingly complex ways to use Bitcoin people are going to come up with. It very well could become a component of leveraged vehicles. 
On top of that it's literally impossible to even create a CDO from anything like Bitcoin in its early state because of the volatility. This is comparing apples to oranges. Not how it works.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:09:27
It keeps out the poor trash!
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:57:01
I'm not sure what the "it" is that you're referring to. If the components of financial systems are money and you own that money of course you're at the mercy of how that financial system works. You don't get to participate otherwise.
@_date: 2018-01-10 21:15:56


A program can be anything from an extremely simple smart contract to a fully loaded application. Bitcoin's smart contract platform is extremely limited.


Doesn't have to be a complex program. It could be a sufficiently complex smart contract. It could just be a particular process that somebody wants to automate and make trustless.


Are you seriously trying to say that you were literally asking me for specific individuals who said that they want a decentralized business? After this post I'm done. I couldn't care less about this game of "gotcha" that you want to play.


It's an introduction to what they are and how they might be used. Both of which you seem extremely confused about. It's not an advertisement or a fan article, wtf?


I'm answering your questions you fucking tit. You're incredulous so I'm explaining things to you. If that's how low your bar is for advertising or fanboying I have absolutely no idea what to tell you.


They don't have to be corporations. They can just be organizations. But if they *were* corporations, removing all chance of embezzlement or fraud is an extremely solid value proposition in some arenas.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:08:56
A creation in its infancy has mostly simple applications. Color me shocked. What do you want, an MMORPG or something?
Have you done any research on Ethereum at all or are you just assuming it's useless? Just off the top of my head, trustless smart contracts and decentralized corporations are two potentially huge use cases for a decentralized OS.
@_date: 2018-01-10 22:02:57
What part of "I don't give a shit about changing your mind" do you not get? Google it if you actually care. There are legitimate projects being worked on. Don't google it if you don't actually care. Either way, good bye.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:46:33
Bitcoin isn't Turing complete so it has a limited number of smart contracts that it can actually execute. Bitcoin's code was made to be simple intentionally but that also limits it pretty hard. And smart contracts aren't just "a currency thing".


[Here ya go.](


Corporations don't exist to be sold. Some people make them for the purpose of selling them once they're big enough but that is so, so, so insanely far from being the purpose of corporations. 
If you're going to keep asking questions you could just as easily google I don't think I'm going to keep answering. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:15:20


If you seriously think that even a dollar TX fee is necessary to prevent a spam attack you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.


"Why are these people who were told Bitcoin is a decentralized *currency* bitching about it not being useful as a *currency*? They just don't get it! Bitcoin isn't a currency any more, it's a fucking *pocket swiss account*."
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:50:35
Alright, let me try this again.
If Bitcoin isn't already in that set what exactly do you propose it brings to the table? I fully agree that blockchain and the various iterations of distributed databases have value. That's an objective truth. I fully agree that a decentralized cryptocurrency has value. That's an objective truth. I don't agree that an arbitrary application of blockchain as a cryptocurrency (Bitcoin) has value "just because". There are multiple coins that do what Bitcoin does and they do it significantly better. Bitcoin has no practical uses. A useless store of value is a collectible and it's only valuable because people say it is.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:59:35


Because they don't know how to regulate it properly yet. This isn't a fundamental, inherent quality, it's a function of the fact that nobody understands what the fuck cryptography is.


This is determined by whether or not the developer of a particular crypto chooses to place a cap on the amount of coins and whether or not the developer will keep the cap in place when the shit hits the fan and deflation sets in. This is not an inherent quality of crypto. 
Additionally, see how it's increasing in value right now? That's regular inflation. If it can experience inflation for this long it's not inherently deflationary.


Bonds, options, all other derivates? I'm not sure I even understand this point.


Asset classes don't have to be exactly the same. None of them are. And yet cross-class similarities exist.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:51:25
Like I said, this isn't ammo. He got money donated to him by a community that loves him because they think he deserves it. If somebody tries to turn that into ammo they clearly don't care about using actual negative things that he's done. If they don't care about using actual negatives then the only way he can avoid giving them ammo is if he becomes a hermit and cuts off contact with the outside world. Obama got lambasted for wearing a tan suit one time. There was no way to avoid that happening because nobody actually gave a shit about the suit, they gave a shit about talking shit.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:28:57
The Lightning Network is, ironically, [only going to be able to function at scale with centralized hubs](
Regardless, my point before was that Crypto isn't "replacing" anything any time soon. Disrupting? Absolutely. Innovating? 100%. Something completely new that the smart guys who make their money off the markets just "don't get" yet? They might not fully understand it yet, nobody does, but that's because the underlying tech is so complex and the applications of it are so potentially far-reaching. They're not saying it's in a bubble because they're old and stagnant, they're saying it's in a bubble because an unproven asset exploding 1500% in value in 10 months is irrational.
@_date: 2017-12-26 07:44:23
No it isn't, Bitcoin is Satoshi's personal project and if he dies Bitcoin dies.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:23:02
Well it's good that you're willing to be able to admit that, props to you. For the future though, you should try to avoid outright rejecting people just because you don't like how they ask questions. I do it sometimes too but I find that when I don't I often actually end up either learning something or helping somebody else learn something.
That being said my tone in the question was a bit more aggressive than it should've been. My bad on that one. I have that problem way too often.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:32:50
Maybe he doesn't want it but in the end that doesn't really make a difference. If he wants it, fantastic he deserves it. If he doesn't want it but needs it, it helps him keep doing what he's been doing for as long as he's able to do it, fucking awesome. If he doesn't want it and doesn't need it (as in, he's making money now), he can give it to a Bitcoin-related cause that he believes in and now that cause can operate significantly longer as a result. This is basically the community unintentionally putting a lot of Bitcoin in a single place where it's all but guaranteed to help the community much more than it was previously. IMO, compared to what all of this coin was doing before it was given to Andreas (sitting there growing, essentially only existing to make a few hundred or a few thousand for a person who much more likely than not is not involved in the community), there are literally 0 negative possible outcomes here. This is a net positive no matter what.
@_date: 2017-12-26 07:51:56


I agree with your overall sentiment but this is objective bullshit and if you believe it you're willfully ignorant and if you don't believe it you're a hyperbolic liar. Seriously? Libraries don't have to worry about speed or scaling? Post offices aren't affected by all three in a *massive* fucking way? Fuck sakes why even make the point if the vast majority of your example is based something that's honest to god straight up bullshit? It makes the claim so, so much weaker.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:58:11


...I never said either of those words? *It's complicated so they need to figure out how to properly legislate it before actually legislating it*. 


Do you have any idea what a hard fork is?


Jesus christ dude. Inflation is when the market value of something increases. Deflation is when the market value of something decreases. When inflation is negative, it's know as deflation.


I had actually misinterpreted what you'd meant by that. I'm still not quite sure what you mean or what the benefit of this is. It can be proven to be real without some organization telling you it's real? Could you explain what you mean by this a little bit?
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:13:25
If people want to smear him they'll find some bullshit to spout regardless of whether or not he takes this money. That's the world we live in now. Taking money in and of itself isn't a bad thing at all, it's about how you use it - *especially* if the money was donated to him. The most selfish thing that he might reasonably do with it is use it to improve his own life and that would be absolutely, totally fine. People wanted him to have this because he's worked so hard and anybody trying to spin him taking it as somehow negative have an agenda and that's all there is to it.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:22:25


@_date: 2017-12-13 16:42:29


Everything is a technology. That doesn't mean that it's magically a "new asset class".


I'm not having the argument about whether or not there's a bubble. I said that a person who is seasoned in all other markets is able to recognize common signs across all of those markets. Nobody was claiming that automobiles were an entirely new asset class. Every single other class of asset can experience bubbles. Every. Single. One. 


I don't even know how to respond to this. 


What the fuck do you mean it's not looking to exist within the market? Everything exists in the market. The market is an overarching term for all mass psychology when applied to economics. This is like pre-econ 101.


What fucking market is this? Currency? There are so, so few cryptos that people are viewing as actual currency (as in, they plan to use it in their day to day life) rather than an investment. So is it replacing the investment market? Absolutely not. So what is it replacing at the moment?


Well, no shit. That has absolutely nothing to do with the point I was making, which is that this is an asset class just like any other and asset classes are all vulnerable to bubbles and have similar signs that broadcast them. The professor said stay away from it right now. He didn't say it was going to fail in the long term.
I am genuinely serious when I say this. You seem like you have an extremely tenuous grasp on how markets and different kinds of assets work and interact. Please do not put too much money into crypto. Again, I say this in all seriousness.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:28:11
It really wasn't. People aren't used to plain tan suits because they're significantly less common than most dark suit colors/styles but there's absolutely nothing wrong with them. Dark suits are traditionally associated with business/official proceedings like a press conference but the suit itself didn't actually look bad at all. It fit well and had a nice contrast with his skin.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:15:12
He's extremely seasoned in how markets act when they're irrational. This isn't a Gender Studies prof telling them to stay away, it's an Econ prof with a PhD who has been around since at least the 80s. Warning signs are warning signs regardless of the market that they're flashing in.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:13:43




Uhhhh if it's not in that set already what exactly do you propose it brings to the table? I fully agree that blockchain and the various iterations of distributed databases have value. That's an objective truth. I fully agree that a decentralized cryptocurrency has value. That's an objective truth. I don't agree that an arbitrary application of blockchain as a cryptocurrency has value "just because". There are multiple coins that do what Bitcoin does and they do it significantly better. Bitcoin has no practical uses. A useless store of value is known as a collectible and it's only valuable because people say it is.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:02:11


If something that was intended to be a global currency starts shitting everywhere when it actually gets significant adoption it was never going to work unless it fundamentally changed to allow for the higher load. Lightning technically works, yeah, but wasn't the whole point of Bitcoin/decentralization that it was going to be a currency free of third parties? All we have now is a crypto whose daily functioning is dependent on a company that's focused on what companies are focused on: profit. IMO this is a significantly worse situation than governments controlling currencies because at least we have some reasonable expectation that the government's primary interest is making sure that its currency functions properly. A profit-driven company's incentives are much more skewed towards selfish or dishonest actions.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:58:41
Makes sense since Satoshi just disappeared. It gave it an air of mystique and is also the only comprehensive compilation of everything he wanted in a coin. He was very clearly ideologically involved with the coin (since he was working on it before it was worth anything at all) so he's kinda the only guy that we know for a fact had no ulterior motives. Now that there's significant money to be made I have trouble trusting pretty much anybody at the top.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:59:30
...are you kidding?
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:52:37
That was never in question. Middle-men and centralization are a result of a lack of a better method of connecting people. This is and always has been a question of "Do we have the technology yet?", not "Is it even possible?"
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:46:37
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:03:31


What the actual fuck? When did I even *imply* any of that? Patterns exist in all markets. Many of these patterns go across markets. Disregarding these patterns because "this time is different" is really, really, really fucking stupid. There is the slimmest of slim chances that you might be right, but don't pretend that you were right because you knew what you were doing.


How does it "not behave like a traditional asset"? Please tell me. And don't say "Because it's gone up so much in such a short time" or something, give me fundamental differences.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:51:26
You're putting money into a stock with the hope that it makes you a *profit*. How much profit a person wants/expects is different, and whether or not they even have an exit price varies, but the goal of buying a stock is to resell it (unless you're buying it for dividends). This is the same thing as being a reseller of any physical item, it's just that physical items generally have a different market structure so they tend to have a set price instead of a variable one. If you actually research a stock and take it seriously then you bug it because you have a reasonable expectation based off of your analysis of all current information that its price will appreciate in the future.
It's not gambling. Gambling is random chance.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:49:56






Why would I give a shit about posting proof of my trades? Lmfao do you trade for an audience or something? 


No, I didn't want to say it. I did say it. If you genuinely think that all investing is gambling on par with blackjack or worse odds you actually do know very little about long- or even mid-term investment methodology.


Holy smokes, he used a generic minimum wage job description that *wasn't* flipping burgers! This dude's fuckin going places!
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:00:57
Did you like... not notice that he's black or something?
@_date: 2018-06-02 17:32:59
I’m not expecting stability during the growth phase because that’s unrelated to the point that was being made. The post is talking shit about fiat. Fiat’s (OP’s) response was that fiat might not have had a good time but at least it’s functionally useful. The responder’s point was just “fuck you we make vol gains” which is evidence *against* crypto’s benefits over fiat. You can’t posit volatility as a positive if volatility is a negative in the use case you’re examining.
@_date: 2018-06-02 02:47:03
Crypto's gonna have some very interesting appllications and I genuinely do hope that it displaces fiat. That being said, how in the fuck is this the most upvoted response here? You're talking shit about fiat and saying that you want to replace it and at the same time everybody's like "Wooooo fucking massive volatility this is totally good!" 
A currency is supposed to be stable. That's a core requirement for it to function as a proper medium of exchange. This response is literally "Bitcoin acts nothing like a fiat but that's a positive even though we're talking about it replacing fiat." Christ almighty.
@_date: 2018-06-11 16:20:14
That's an answer to a different question. The end game could be in fifty or a hundred years. At the very least, it's not going to be in the next two decades because fiat is so deeply entrenched in human society. What's the cost right now/in the near future?
@_date: 2018-06-02 19:12:59
I’m sure your family is very proud of you.
@_date: 2018-06-02 17:29:40
There is, by definition, a huge distinction. An investment is putting money into something that you expect to grow at an acceptable return. Money is used to transact an exchange of value so that society can function smoothly. You don’t walk into a store and buy a new pair of shoes with some fraction of a share of Apple.
If you people are going to jump on a bandwagon at least do some research so your bandwagon doesn’t seem like every point it makes is something it pulled out of its ass.
@_date: 2017-11-17 21:20:43


HFT is useful for liquidity in relatively mature markets. In markets like Bitcoin it provides liquidity but is completely unnecessary at this stage and would more just be about making shit tons of money. Which is totally fine, I'm not against people making shit tons of money, but the point is that there's no need for HFT in any crypto markets right now. Farther down the road, definitely.
@_date: 2018-02-03 16:01:40
If a trading feature is in one country or not another the answer is almost always regulatory costs and processes.
@_date: 2018-03-20 18:23:42


This kind of comment actually gets upvotes now? What the hell do you want Bitcoin for?
@_date: 2018-02-03 23:46:28
They definitely will, I just meant that if a service isn't available in one country at the moment it's because the company hasn't dealt with all of the regulatory stuff to establish it in that country at the current time (or in the case of some countries it wouldn't be worth it to establish it in that country so they would just never set it up there). RH is definitely going to roll it out to the rest of the developed world, it's just a matter of when and in what order. Id say they're probably going to go for the EU next and then once they have it squared away with the actual Union they'll be ready to ship it to either the easiest to set up or highest activity countries in the EU fairly quickly.
@_date: 2018-04-28 02:30:57
Lmfao the lack of self awareness is deafening. Dude it’s one thing to take a side but it’s quite another to say that roger ver is a fucking gangster. That is beyond hyperbole. The dude promotes a rival coin in a way some people don’t like. That is all.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:11:47
What are you even arguing for? Our current system is experiencing complete regulatory capture. If "traditional" ISPs go out of business then fucking good, they are rabidly anti-consumer across the board and are only able to keep doing what they're doing because of an artificially maintained lack of competition. Literally any competition for the piece of shit ISPs we have right now would be a huge positive. 


This is the weirdest fearmongering I have ever seen. If you're such a proponent of free markets then our traditional ISPs going out of business as a result of competitive factors is healthy. If you're such a proponent of free markets you understand that our traditional ISPs are the absolute antithesis of free markets. If you're such a proponent of free markets you'll agree that more competition is good.
You either don't like Elon, are an agent of the ISPs, or don't understand how free markets work. Regardless of why, your arguments are incorrect.