@_author: ferretinjapan
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:15:07
Monero could actually become a threat to Bitcoin as it has a lot of the qualities that Bitcoin doesn't have (and may never have). It doesn't have a max blocksize, uses ring signatures by design and could include borromean ring signatures in the near future, etc.
Ed: Wow, lots of Monero hate I see. It is a fair comparison even if people want to try and ignore it by plugging their eyes and wishing it would go away. It is also one of the only alts that I think has something resembling innovation/fair start compared to all the other alts.
@_date: 2015-06-27 13:17:24
Here's [my take]( on what's going on from a few days ago.
To elaborate further, I think there are a number of ideologies floating around, as well as a great deal of unfounded paranoia holding back many devs from coming to terms with, and accepting that the blocksize must rise to accommodate the growth in transactions on the Bitcoin network. Anything contrary to this actually goes against what users expected when they started using Bitcoin, there has always been space available for blocks to grow these last 6 years and suddenly devs want to force the Bitcoin's transaction behaviour to change by changing the nature of block space from always available, to always full. Most devs have continually stalled with excuses for various reasons (explained in the link above). 
The stalling, excuses, unfounded fear and general belligerence is unacceptable and demonstrates that they really have no idea what to do. Only a few devs have tackled the problem directly, and those that have, have remarkably been criticised for making the network vulnerable. It's absurd. Nothing I have read so far indicates that increasing the block size is going to be detrimental to the operation of the network, but we continually have people harp on about how the Lightning Network (LN) will somehow solve everything when it is quite clear that it will only relieve a small burden of transactions from the blockchain *at best*. LN is false hope but it allows devs to avoid actually addressing the problem, it's quite clear that many devs are either too afraid to commit to making the changes necessary for Bitcoin to grow as it has, or are far more keen to bandaid over the solution with halfassed offchain solutions that may be years away from being functional, ready, or even viable. 
tl;dr ELI5: Even smart people can do and say stupid things. The devs that work on Bitcoin are not an exception to that rule.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:14:42




I don't like the idea that Gavin has to capitulate to fear when he is clearly confident that 20mb is perfectly functional and will not be detrimental. Besides that, there is very little likelihood that 20mb will be reached for years anyway as nearly all miners like to keep their blocks small anyway. I say start the jump at 20mb and then increment 15% from there. It's perplexing that this was actually similar to the initial proposal that Gavin proffered (scheduled increases), and he had to then scale it back to a fixed increase.
I fear this will be yet another ploy by those opposed to any increases so they can drag out the arguing for another year. If Gavin is confident that 20mb is good, he should stick with it unless there is a clear and overwhelming rejection, or evidence indicating otherwise, rather than capitulating to the vocal minority at the cost of everyone else. It runs the risk of sending the discussion right back to square one again.
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:24:12
I already said no-one is perfect, I'd be far more worried if he was stroking the egos of idealists like others do. Gavin and Mike are shaking the tree by raising the subject in a public forum and some people don't like the fact that they are asking the hard questions. Rather than take cheap shots at devs, they are actually working the problem and encouraging active discussion on the issue. 
@_date: 2015-06-14 05:43:40
The point is that hoarders give Bitcoin value (by making them scarce), Bitcoin holders aren't doing nothing by holding either, they are taking on the risk of losing money if the value goes down (there is almost zero risk for merchants accepting bitcoin), so they have an even stronger interest to stimulate the bitcoin economy than the average Joe who only has a few bits. There is absolutely nothing wrong with hoarding, but to say you *must* spend your coins, just because you want to keep merchants around ignores the other forces that also contributes to Bitcoin's value.
Also, just because a merchant sells something for bitcoin, shouldn't mean that the merchant should get our business, they should be selling things at a reasonable price, of a high quality, and things that we need. There is nothing sustainable about buying crap you don't need from low quality merchants. My bitcoins are valuable and I'm not going to part with them for low quality goods/services!
There is a balance between both spending and hoarding, which is to say, people should be doing both. As others have said, save in Bitcoin, and whenever possible spend and replenish when you find something you need that's being sold for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:23:21
Not gonna lie, I 1000% agree with you :\ . 
Sometimes benevolent dictatorships are far more beneficial but Gavin is a modest guy, and taking a leadership role also comes with responsibility/accountability so I can understand if he stepped back because of the pressure. It's frustrating because many people bitched and complained that Gavin had too much power, then he became less of a cog in the system, and all that happened is that power got co-opted by other interests such that now all people want to do is pursue their own agendas regardless of whether it is the wishes of the community or not.
I honestly hope that the community acts according to their own wishes/beliefs/needs, even if it conflicts with the noise in circulation, rather than defer to developers.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:06:15
Correct to a certain extent but vaporware is more an announcement of intent designed to instigate a change in others' behaviour without properly following through. It could be done to generate hype, stop a panic, spread FUD, etc. they could also promise the world, then deliver a vastly inferior product in comparison. It could easily be said that LN is being used by developers as an excuse to stall any action on the block size. Right now, LN is empty promises and unproven. People are making completely unfounded claims that it will save Bitcoin from itself. Essentially, any person that says not to worry about the block size because LN will alleviate the problem is peddling vaporware. A convenient excuse to avoid having to answer difficult questions.


@_date: 2015-06-08 15:59:05
I personally think the devs are almost completely out of touch on this issue as their actions to protect Bitcoin's decentralisation is actually going to do the exact opposite IMO. The simple fact is that decentralisation via small blocksize is a fallacious argument as there are other things that are just as important that will degrade decentralisation if decentralisation via a small blocksize is their one and only priority. Adoption also needs to be protected, as well as innovation, availability, etc. 
If their idea is that decentralisation can only be preserved via a fixed block cap, then they lack the foresight to realise that fixing the block cap will also throttle transactions, which will raise fees, which will drive users away, which will lower demand for Bitcoin's and the network, which will lead to the decline of full nodes and mining, as well as less investment in services. Less developers will find new innovative ways to use Bitcoin as it will be too expensive to use the blockchain. It will also mean less merchants as demand stagnates, which will mean less liquidity as it will be harder to spend coins, etc. etc. etc. If the demand increases, and Bitcoin doesn't find ways to handle the demand, people may very well simply move their demand to other alt coins.  
All these so-called innovations to move transactions off the blockchain are not available, nor are they even proven to be viable yet. Forcing them into existence, as Peter has characterised it, is an absolutely enormous and dangerous risk, he is literally betting Bitcoin's 3 billion dollar market cap on a race to innovate a solution to an imagined problem. Absolutely nowhere does it say that keeping the block size fixed will "force" innovations to handle the demand, the demand will simply walk across the street to litecoin, monero, doge, whatever. The devs are betting everyone else's money on something that may take years to materialise while we are all meant to sit and quietly pray that they are right.
Ed: paragraphs, and readability.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:36:21
I'm not one for supporting Gavin because he is a great guy, but I am for BIP101 as it currently stands as it has working code, is being tested, has very conservative conditions for initiating the fork, and he has gone to great pains to explain and justify why the fork is necessary. It is a realistic, balanced, and considered plan. It was also developed by a pretty top bloke ;).
@_date: 2015-06-14 14:23:04
I said [exactly that]( only a few days ago.




This constant paranoia that there won't be enough nodes or that node centralisation will doom Bitcoin is foolishness. Full node scarcity will be the fuel that will *ensure* more decentralisation of nodes as businesses/organisations realise that it's too costly to keep paying nodes to do all their verifying, and instead move the verifying in-house. SPVs will probably subscribe to multiple trusted nodes for 20cents/month, much like people do with VPNs, and it's very likely that will create lots of new full node competition and decentralisation in itself.
@_date: 2015-06-16 04:11:01
I was hoping someone would do this. Bravo!
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:36:28
I had the same problem, the problem was that my PC was using a new ip (it had renewed because i installed some throttling software) and had to reconfigure all my port forwarding rules to use the new ip. That may be your problem. If you can, reserve an ip for you pc's mac address on your router so you can avoid it in the future.
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:11:58


Redefining what off chain is so that you can ignore/dismiss Mike's contributions is quite rude. Not even communicating what your definition of off chain is while dismissing what I consider off chain to be demonstrates a complete lack of respect for other people's viewpoints.
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:14:35


In short, yes, but it would only make sense to increase the limit if the infrastructure can handle it. There is a balance between making sure transactions are processed, and preserving decentralisation. Hopefully over time solutions like LN, more payment processors, and other technologies/techniques will slow the increase of transactions so that the need to increase the blocksize is delayed sufficiently such that the infrastructure improvements can keep pace.
@_date: 2015-06-28 10:02:12
The comment you are referring to is a quote from The Matrix and is being used to describe people's cognitive dissonance when it comes to Bitcoin and traditional money, and how people often angrily reject Bitcoin as it undermines a great many beliefs they have of traditional money. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 13:46:30
This is about the problem of development centralisation, not a specific developer. Currently it's a systemic weakness that has wormed it's way into the way changes to Bitcoin are handled, and needs to be addressed. Singling out devs so they can be blamed, shamed, and harassed will not address the problem.
@_date: 2015-06-15 14:47:22
There are too many devs with pet projects where a larger block size is against their interests. Gavin has far less conflict of interest compared to most of the other devs, Mike is (at least in some people's eyes) not even seen as a core dev and has had years of experience dealing with scaling extremely large networks, as well as managing growth of those services. They have contributed immensely to Bitcoin over the years with quite solid track records.
I can understand why Mike is losing his patience with devs that have dragged their feet over this issue since 2013, and I'm pretty sure that Gavin just doesn't want to be the bad guy that kicks the other devs' sandcastles that they've been working on while the tide, that is the blocksize dilemma, gets closer and closer to them.
I personally reckon that Gavin, and even Mike are doing good by the community by making noise and taking steps to make the fork happen. Gavin has given the devs and the community a great deal of fair warning, which even now seems to be falling on deaf ears (and we are also seeing devs now rushing out these last-minute alternative plans as stalling tactics to the discussion which is equally infuriating), so I'd definitely understand if Gavin just gave everyone the finger and took control, but I think that would sour a lot of peoples' opinion of him (as well as bruise a lot of devs' egos) and may cause a great deal of division and emnity, even if the fork goes off without a hitch, so taking the BitcoinXT route is probably a way of him taking control without stomping on everyone's resistance directly. Instead it will be the rest of the Bitcoin community that will take control of Bitcoin's future growth, as well as collectively kicking all the devs' sandcastles as a community, that way Gavin doesn't cop heat for ruining the other devs' day, while still making the changes necessary for Bitcoin's future. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:12:20
Me too.
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:50:39
I'd say it's actually incredibly easy for alts to hook into Bitcoin, as they are both incredibly frictionless. Services like shapeshift.io make it effortless to receive altcoins, convert to Bitcoin, and then use. It's also why it's highly unlikely for other alts to get even close to Bitcoin's adoption as it's network effect means that it is more often than not preferable to only accept/spend Bitcoin, than deal with the hassle of accepting all 100 other alts from a merchant perspective.
@_date: 2015-06-19 11:48:04
@_date: 2015-06-06 14:22:28
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:23:16
It seems that Cyprus 2.0 is finally here.
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:34:24
Well, I think the first thing they need to do is admit that keeping the block size fixed is not going to fix the problem, but will in fact exacerbate it. 
Secondly is to increase the blocksize its a short term solution, but it is necessary, and preferably they should be scheduled so that they gradually increase as mores law moves forward. That would relieve a great deal of pressure, and would be a solid start. It may even buy us several years and give everyone ample time to keep ahead of the technology curve, while other means of addressing increasing transactions can be relegated to offchain approaches for as long as possible before it gets settled on the blockchain proper.
Thirdly, they should see about what they can do to make nodes more decentralised. Full, pruned, and SPV nodes really need to be sharing more data around rather than having pruned and SPV nodes always depending on full nodes to serve them data (I may be wrong about how nodes interact here but I assume that full nodes are always depended on by pruned and SPV nodes, and SPV nodes are always dependant on pruned, and full nodes). In 10-15 years, I doubt anyone, except those doing it for profit will be running a full node, but that will only happen if Bitcoin's adoption is allowed to increase, and right now, not increasing the block size will see Bitcoin stay a rinky-dink toy currency while other promising networks, like Monero, that has an elastic blocksize, or (shudder) Ripple, could be given the opportunity it needs to eclipse Bitcoin. 
People often talk about ways to incentivise nodes to keep them around, and that increasing the block size will destroy Bitcoin's decentralisation as the burden of running them makes most of them disappear, but I doubt we'll need to do anything, eventually, they'll become scarce enough that you will have to pay full node operators to use them. This isn't a bad thing though, much like mining, markets will pop up around running a full node, such that people will have a financial incentive to run a node. With enough demand, nodes will never disappear, instead nodes will increase relative to the number of Bitcoin users needing verification of their transactions, if there are hundreds of millions of SPV wallets, and only a several thousand full nodes, there's a good chance they will be willing to pay to use that service. What will need to happen though is that pruned and SPV nodes will need to manage the data they get more efficiently. This means they should be talking to each other, sharing data they have or don't have, so that they can avoid needing to ask full nodes. This will take bandwidth burden off full nodes, making them cheaper to run and more scalable. Sharing data between all the different types of nodes, will reduce dependence on full nodes for every piece of data, thus making the whole network more decentralised.
Fourthly (which is what the majority of devs want to do first and is the hardest to do IMO), is find ways to offchain transactions, much like lightning, lighthouse and payment channels. Encouraging the development of more projects that can bundle transactions in various ways before settlement will help move low priority, or high volume transactions off-chain, and allow Bitcoin's transaction load to increase without unnecessarily burdening full nodes nodes or miners.
This is just off the top of my head, but it's what I'd propose they be doing.
@_date: 2015-06-26 09:55:34
Ok then, let me mirror your words regarding a different person and see if it looks like I'm addressing the technical issue at hand or just taking a cheap swipe at someone.
The moment Peter decided to spread a propaganda video of his opinion while devs were still in deep discussion showed his complete disregard for keeping the discussion civil, and instead he tried to subvert the discussion by spreading fear and uncertainty among the public, he alienated many by attempting to undermine the discussion. He brought all of the hate and personal attacks on himself (not that I condone that sort of thing). Edit
So, what did anything I just say right now have to do with whether raising the blocksize is a good idea or a bad idea? What I said above is simply a personal attack, based on a perceived grudge against the person to undermine their credibility and make them look like an arsehole. It's called [character assasination]( 
It's childish bullshit like this that has resulted in the issue being reframed from being a technical discussion, to being judged based on each participants moral conduct, integrity, history, whether they are a miner, payment service, etc. and other useless metrics in order to guage the merits of a blocksize increase or not.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:05:37
FUD can also shatter co-operation and stall any/all progress too (and this issue has been discussed for 3 years). Many open source projects have disintegrated (resulting in hard forks) because devs refused to work together. I don't want to see any dev leave, or be driven out, but I also don't want developers to ignore the needs/opinions of the community in preference of their own agendas/biases/ideals/etc. .
@_date: 2015-06-25 03:04:25
Yep, [this video]( also comes to mind when it comes to Gavin having to deal with certain devs on the subject. &amp;
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:08:08
The hardware is isolated so you'd have to break open the device and somehow hack the display. You can split hairs on why that also isn't secure enough, but the fact is nothing is perfect. Even the most elaborate security practices can be undone by something as simple as a $5 wrench. All of this security will involve a human at some stage and that is always going to be the weakest link. What matters is making it cost ineffective to break the security with enough hinderances and hurdles to make the attacker move on to other weaker targets. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 18:50:32
Indeed.  . I want the solution that is right, NOT the solution that appeases the saber rattlers.
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:38:07
I don't think you failed. You managed to get the younger students attention and it's not your fault the "adult" was immediately dismissive. The fact that he turned his back to you mid-sentence speaks volumes of his holier-than-thou and arrogant mindset. If we listened to people like him, it's likely we'd still be stuck in the middle ages.
Just remember, you don't need to convert the room, there will always be people that just don't want to listen, you've already planted the seed in one impressionable mind by the sounds of it, so it was time well spent. Don't let yourself get despondent over the dinosaur that refuses to see the meteor on the horizon ;).
@_date: 2015-06-15 09:48:52


This only works if all the nodes are anonymous, throw in a Coinbase, Bitpay, Circle, Genimi, and several other exchange nodes that all have a vested interest in being honest, then Sybil attacks are pointless. The idea of running a full node which is pay-to-play is not to provide squillions of faceless yes men, it's to establish a reputation and sell that reputation to people that need your service. Businesses that need the security of a full node could very easily be making money with SPV users as well as using the node to verify their own transactions for any other services they are providing. 
When you go and buy a product and want the best price, do you go ask 10,000 merchants you've never dealt with, and choose the cheapest, or do you find stores with solid reputations that you've dealt with before and choose from them (as well as compare it to the other 10,000 faceless merchants)? I don't know about you but I'm willing to pay more for a product from Amazon, than pay 20% less from some rinkydink 90s era website that expects you to email the order to them for a quote. Reputations are valuable as they are built on a history of reliability. It's how the entire world works, we all put our trust in something at some stage. 
SPV wallets wouldn't be paying for the cheapest service, they're paying for a reputation, trust. And nodes will be willing to fight for that trust. Because SPV load is small it means that SPVs could hook into many more nodes to up their transaction security and trust thus avoiding centralisation. VPNs have similar problems and incentives when it comes to offering privacy, they have to do right by their users if they want to sell their service and it would be no different with pay-to-play full nodes.  Sure, you could use Tor (the 10,000 merchants), but even better is using Tor (10,000 merchants) plus a VPN (Circle, Coinbase, et al.).
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:44:20
Yes I did, I think he was addressing a hypothetical situation in a worst case scenario. I highly doubt anyone would adopt a change such as that (I certainly wouldn't) so I don't think there is much to worry about. Mike has had other ideas that were poo-pooed as well like black/white lists in Bitcoin. Mike is a google guy after all so it doesn't surprise me that he has these brain farts from time to time. No-one is perfect after all, the important distinction is that Mike openly shares these ideas with the community, he doesn't try and hide them so they can be forced on others later on.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:04:44
Downsides are that it would not make money in the long term as the supply can't be monopolised, and the systems are far simpler than traditional nuclear so wouldn't be a great job maker.
I get apoplectic every time I think about Thorium based power as it could legitimately make almost limitless energy that is incredibly safe, far less polluting, and available, even to the developed world. Unfortunately it also won't make investors rich and so the nuclear industry refuses to invest in developing these technologies as they'd probably lose money, as well as make traditional nuclear defunct. It would also mean that governments wouldn't have easy access to abundant enriched nuclear fuel and have less justification for making bombs.
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:35:13
 I don't say nasty things about other devs to justify why an idea is bad or not. If you disagree with Gavin, disagree with his ideas rather than vilifying him to make your point.
@_date: 2015-06-01 08:21:44
No problems here, I download a great deal of data, but I still have lots of leftover data each month that's never used, and my connection is very fast, even though I live in the country.
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:07:08
Yeah GHash really made no friends there either. 
I wouldn't be at all surprised if we see some devs spit the dummy and threaten to take their ball and go home (stop contributing or jump ship to another alt) as it becomes evident that the fork is going to happen. It may be as a last resort to stall the fork, but it's also possible we'll see some devs leave because their egos simply won't be able to handle that everyone else thinks they are wrong. I think there some devs that will hide that humiliation by resenting the Bitcoin community. I sincerely hope it doesn't happen, but it has happened on smaller scales. Like when the creator of Zerocash had his changes turned down by the core devs, then turned around and announced he was going to make an alt instead.
@_date: 2015-06-21 16:23:33
If you can predict the market then you shall be rich. The fact is that markets can be irrational longer than you can remain solvent.
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:34:38
Indeed. [Be strong!](
@_date: 2015-06-07 12:59:21
I'm pretty sure it's a Steins Gate (anime) reference.
Ed. actually, it seems to have an even deeper history.
@_date: 2015-06-26 14:05:22
I think you will find that anything but the longest chain will not last very long, but I will concede that it's also going to come down to how many nodes/merchants/exchanges/businesses/users also decide to switch. Miners will obviously be watching which merchants/payment processors/exchanges decide on as they still need to have liquidity to sell their own coins. I'm not sure if you are talking about investors being people that use bitcoins like exchanges/businesses or bitcoin holders though. Bitcoin businesses generally sit behind other payment processors like coinbase/bitpay/et al. so they have little power and bitcoin holders, as long as they hold during the switch, will have bitcoins on both chains and will be more incentivised to commit fraud on the shorter chain too. The only thing holders can do is threaten to sell their coins to drive down the price, which may sway miners to a small degree but selling is not infinite. At the end of the day though for every seller there is a buyer, and the buyer will not want to be left with worthless coins so you can be certain they will only buy coins that land on the longest chain. There is definitely a dance between miner/dev/merchants/nodes/users as they all have strong interrelationships, but miners and the longest chain is where the buck stops. 
That's why I say it's so worrying that some very large miners are willing to take their cue solely from the consensus of a small bunch of developers (even if their intentions are good, it still perverts a genuine community wide consensus). If the miners don't know who to side with, they should step aside like Deepbit did and see how the rest of the community reacts, then side with the larger of the two groups. Far better to do that than pass the keys of the kingdom to a group that don't even know how to play nice together.
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:12:51
I think if memory serves, if it remains at current price levels (220-240) for 1.5 more months, then we've, at least theoretically, broken the bear market trend. I think once the blocksize debate gets resolved there'll be a flood of new confidence into Bitcoin too. They're totally speculative assumptions though.
@_date: 2015-06-24 12:11:17
Agreed. I have also followed the debate closely over the years but I'm very much seeing a change in tactics this time around. In years previous stalling and FUD abounded. This time around I'm seeing more and more ad hominem attacks on Gavin and Mike (and anyone that agrees with them), and I believe it's for a couple of reasons. Firstly is they are making good points. Secondly, they are easy to single out and blame as most, if not all the other devs do not side with them. Ostracism can be a great way to bring them in line if they can't be screamed down. Thirdly, the arguments against a block increase is not as strong/easy as simply attacking/discrediting the disenters themselves. Namecalling is effortless compared to trying to justify their position. Fourthly, and this is the big one, they know they've lost the confidence of the community/industry/miners and they are getting desperate. The writing on the wall is clear that there is a very large movement among the community/industry to increase the block size and the vocal opponents know there is little to lose in playing dirty.
I'm frankly embarrassed that prominent devs and users are making this argument personal and resorting to utterly infantile tactics to shame, spam, or fearmonger the rest of the community into compliance. It's fucking disgusting and I can very tangibly see that people that follow/use/love Bitcoin also are taking a very dim view of this.
I think Gavin and Mike simply need to keep calm, and keep doing what they are doing. Keep working on/testing the code, keep listening to the community for feedback and keep communicating with everyone on the technical details without singling out anyone. Bowing to these stalling tactics and stooping to their level is just going to give opponents to the block size increase exactly what they want, which is more reasons to personally villify them and make them look like bad guys.
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:05:39


Hmmm? sighash_anyone_can_pay type transactions can allow the payment of many transactions to be collated to a single transaction, which can reduce mining overhead, transaction bloat on the blockchain and node stress as it is ONLY broadcast when the conditions are met, otherwise it never get's recognised on the blockchain. It also protects consumers in a limited fashion. Lighthouse enables this for everyone that is not a geek. If you don't enable these options for the broader community they are as good as non-existent. 


Of which Mike's contributions were, as I said, *significant* so I fail to see how your interjection is relevant. Rather than quibble over trivialities, I'll let [Mike Hearn's own words speak for itself](








@_date: 2015-06-08 16:31:15
There we go, sorry about the brain dump.
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:48:15
I think it's far less sinister. He just sees only two types of people in Bitcoin land, people that agree with him, and people that are wrong. :\
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:51:43
Absolutely. A decision to hard fork or not is not up to any developer, it doesn't matter whether they are a core developer, working on XT, or a different version. It doesn't matter if 90% of developers want the rules to change, or 5% do, they should be given only slightly more consideration than the rest of the community when it comes to deciding to fork or not.
If their egos are so damn fragile that they'll spit the dummy when the community does something they don't like, then they need to be schooled on what their purpose in the Bitcoin community is, and what it isn't. They are advisers, mentors, and improvers that have the know-how to make changes in the Bitcoin software that can be reviewed and implemented by the community, for the community's benefit. They are NOT representatives of the community that have the power to veto or direct how Bitcoin should grow, or develop over time. The fact that some take sides (side with people rather than support solutions), get personal, threaten to up and leave/sell their coins, and spread FUD, rather than state their case logically and technically is worrying and not what any developer should be doing. 
Ed: typos, grammar.
@_date: 2015-06-26 17:05:50
Here's a few more examples he can run past his "very smart" co-workers.
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:19:42


Ah, the typo messed up the meaning.
@_date: 2015-06-06 09:39:38
We are still in the early stages of Bitcoin's adoption and I think Bitcoin is progressing well when everything is taken into consideration. It still has a long way to go, but it is definitely heading in the right direction but we still have some hurdles. Liquidity and usability are still huge sticking points. We've gotten through the worst, which is that Bitcoin wasn't made outright illegal, but banks and government are still going to great lengths to make Bitcoin difficult to acquire and use. Compared to 2 years ago though, Bitcoin has made huge strides in becoming more liquid, there are dozens of reputed exchanges as well as brokers all over the world, not to mention ATMs, local Bitcoins etc. . What's more, many of these services are expanding, which is a strong signal that these services will be in a great position to help grow Bitcoin's user base. Regulatory certainty is important when big money is involved. Usability is also making huge strides with not one, but *several* hardware wallets, as well as wider use of multisig to help secure transactions. We also see on the wall st side promising signs in the form of the GBTC fund as well as the ETN in Sweden, this tentative news is going to give the Winklevoss ETF more reasons to be approved, rather than be denied. Other Bitcoin institutions are even registering as fully fledged banks, others are becoming regulated enough to have USD deposits insured, etc. etc. .
What's holding it back could actually be **us**. This constant squabbling over the blocksize, though some see it as a win for decentralised decision making, is IMO, an utter shambles. I for one wanted something to be done about this a year or two ago but now we've left it to the last minute and people are beginning to panic. This uncertainty is BAD. The divisiveness and indecision is damaging to the confidence in the Bitcoin network as a whole and I'm certain that people are holding back from either using or holding Bitcoin because people can't get their shit together and plan Bitcoin's scalability into the future. I also think we are still feeling the fallout from the Mt Gox collapse, as well as the news surrounding SR and it's operators. They will likely be a pall over Bitcoin for years to come. 
The Bitlicense will draw more businesses to Bitcoin, people need to come to terms with the fact that regulation will happen on the borders of Bitcoin-Fiat and it will limit Bitcoin's uses, but it will also make Bitcoin more liquid and usable for people that aren't geeks. Whether people like it or not, Mt Gox gave governments ample fuel to justify the need/excuse to intervene and the Bitlicence as well as other legislation in other countries will become the regulatory gatekeepers between Fiat and Bitcoin.  


In short, we need assurances that Bitcoin will scale (a scheduled block size increase). Make wallets effortless to use, safe, and secure (this is being worked on with more hardware wallets, as well as better integration of hardware wallets into existing wallet software, as well as better, more widespread usage of multisig wallets). More liquidity (the Bitlicense as well as other countries directly regulating Bitcoin is going to help grease the wheels for more businesses to get involved in Bitcoin). The Winklevoss ETF is probably more a psychological positive than anything else, though it's also going to have a strong positive effect on liquidity as it will be able to access wall st money directly, compared to the other funds which are nowhere near as flexible, but passing this will be a huge milestone too for Bitcoin legitimacy, so I expect the approval will give a *very* large boost to the price.
All of these things are important to creating more demand for Bitcoin, but if I'd have to peg it on one particular event, I'd say the ETF approval, as it has undergone literally years of buildup and will open up Bitcoin to a huge pool of potential liquidity, as well as make it effortless for many people to "own" a share of Bitcoin, it will be a huge signal that Bitcoin has passed into mainstream acceptance. Resolving the Bitcoin scaling would also be a huge bullish sign too as it will provide certainty about Bitcoin's scaling, and signal that people have finally stopped fighting/bickering over it.
Those aren't going to exclusively increase the price though, it, could simply be a slow reversal too as confidence naturally builds up after a period of stability, rather than a single event.
@_date: 2015-06-06 15:30:15
I think that is why it has that little picture that you create initially. The visual data allows you to confirm that the content hasn't been tampered with.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:23:48
I'd admit that would be a roadblock, and worth reconsidering as long as it were for technical reasons, rather than ideological ones. What was the nature of the impasse?
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:29:52
Yes, lets make this problem about people so we can derail the issue once again.
@_date: 2015-06-14 15:35:50
@_date: 2015-06-10 09:11:32
True, Lighthouse is for specific use cases and it's effect on bloat may be limited. I'm trying to emphasise that Mike has been pouring a great amount of effort into offchain solutions even though he strongly believes that the block size should be increased. He hasn't simply been pushing an agenda where he thinks everything should be handled on the blockchain and ignoring offchain implementations in the process.
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:12:36
I feel very much the same, it's not just you that feels this way, and yes it is very ironic that developers are fearmongering centralisation WRT block sizes, but are completely blind to the fact that Bitcoin development has already massively centralised, and ossified in many respects.
Luckily Bitcoin is 100% open source so anyone can make changes and distribute them, but there is definitely a stigma that there is a "genuine" repository, and any other candidates are defacto invalid. They need to decouple the name "Bitcoin", from the repository name "Bitcoin". "Core" has also confused things to a certain extent. They should encourage, or at the very least be accommodating/inclusive of other Bitcoin Core candidates where there is at least some level of community discussion/support on the issue. I think taking a survey of nodes/mined blocks where there is a declaration of support for a version should be seen as a clear indication that the bitcoin.org site should  step back from supporting any one version, and at least offer visitors the option of running whichever candidates are currently being supported. 
Back in the day when the Satoshi client was the only wallet on the block, there was active effort to decentralise wallet development (fully supported by Gavin) for the exact same reasons that we are having issues with Bitcoin Core development now. Noone wanted a small clique of developers to be able to force the usage of any one piece of software and be given the sole power to control how users made transactions in case they screwed up, became co-opted or corrupted, or became victims of ossification or ego. A number of changes were made like making unit tests to help speed development, offer multiple wallet version on the bitcoin.org site and such. It worked extremely well and Bitcoin is immensely better for it.
I doubt they will though because centralised development works for them and will only make their job harder. Gotta love the irony.
@_date: 2015-06-26 16:23:29
Damn, I feel exactly the same way, and I'm in a surprisingly similar position. I've been round since 2010 and I've experienced a lot of antics in the Bitcoin ecosystem, but the blocksize has been the most frustrating. I'm getting real fucking tired of this bullshit. I've said it in years past that the block size really had to be resolved (back then) before it would be able to reach it's full potential but now we have many developers trying to rewrite Bitcoin's purpose to suit their own ideals/theories/pet projects/masters. All we've seen is stalling, bickering, obstructionism, and now personal attacks.




A. Fucking. Men.
@_date: 2015-06-29 08:37:57
I agree, in order for Bitcoin to grow it needs to make compromises. SPV is a compromise on security, how many blocks you accept before acknowledging settlement is a compromise on security, mining with pools is a compromise on decentralisation. Bitcoin has lots of compromises. The block size is not going to be an exception. 
The real issue is, will this compromise on security be more, or less beneficial than leaving it the way it is. BIP101 still kicks the can down the road, but it does it in a predictable way, with upper limits that are easy to understand and can be planned for over time, it also avoids unpredictable behaviour like "fee pressure" which will naturally assert itself as the block rewards decrease anyway. It is a solid, well considered plan that give far more assurances than LN possibly can.
I simply do not buy the implied threat that larger blocks will lead to less decentralisation to the point that it will *critically* weaken Bitcoin's security. LN supporters continually try to avoid disputing hard numbers WRT the viability of a block size increase and are far more interested in pushing the LN solution. If they want to be taken seriously they need to start using real numbers to justify why a block increase is a bad idea and stop hiding behind LN and fearmongering.
@_date: 2015-06-24 17:20:49
It isn't, I can, it's not, and you have no evidence to demonstrate otherwise.






And spamming your opinion everywhere isn't convincing anyone.
@_date: 2015-06-21 17:37:26
Sometimes an image is not worth a thousand words, it's worth a whole debate.
@_date: 2015-06-26 14:19:57
Indeed. Very nice succinct talk!
@_date: 2015-06-23 13:54:06
I know I sometimes ramble on, but even I couldn't dedicate that much time, effort and text to a topic that really just boils down to "This debate is confusing and I'm concerned about what the best solution is, anyone else agree?".
OP simply should have used his TLDR as the post rather than unloading a tsunami of needless brain dumping on the rest of us.
@_date: 2015-06-10 19:55:20
People migrated from Bitcoin-Qt to light wallets, surprise surprise. I don't see the vast majority of people running their own web server when they want to run a web site, nor do people set up their own email server when they want to use email. Millions of users will happily trust others to manage their security for them, and they will pay them to do it. 
One day fully verifying nodes will become scarce enough, and in demand enough, that people will gladly pay to use them, and that will help drive the need for companies, organisations and entrepreneurs to deploy full nodes to cut costs of depending on other pay-to-use full nodes. Fully verifying nodes are not going to be a permanent presence in cell phones, 1mb or not. It's just not going to happen. The sooner people wake up to this fact and realise that the sky is not in fact going to cave in on them like chicken little continually rants on about, the sooner we can move on to more important things.
@_date: 2015-06-10 05:20:31
No-one could use assurance contracts before lighthouse as it required a deep understanding of bitcoin to use. It allowed people to make pledges and projects that only hit the blockchain if the funding were successful as opposed to centralised solutions where every pledge would hit the blockchain even if the funding failed, and then also need to be refunded.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:44:17
100% agree, in 2011 Bitcoin was worse than the wild west. There's still drama and trolls, but things are much calmer and level headed these days.
@_date: 2015-06-14 11:04:00
That and the behaviour of commenters here also convinces me that they don't just act like teenagers, but actually *are* teenagers.
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:10:17
Yeah, I'm not sure they're fully informed on the discussion. And besides that, those behind the blocksize increase have offered numerous compromises while those against the increase simply refuse to budge without any solid justification to back up their decision. Instead all they do is constantly emit a stream of unfounded FUD.
@_date: 2015-06-29 07:09:56
To be fair, I actually did indicate it is, at least it fits the definition. As Adam says it's not *pure* vaporware, there is a repository, but it *is* being used to prop up arguments to not take any action to scale which is usually what vaporware is. Any person that claims LN is the reason to not increase the block size is trying to kick the problem down the road in the hope that they will be ready in the future to handle the problem. This approach to the problem is astonishingly irresponsible and naïve. There is no contingency plan, no plan B, just LN will be able to handle it when it is ready rhetoric. I think LN will serve a valuable purpose, but the more I read about it and think about it, the less convinced I am that this will be anything but an alternative that might relieve *some* transaction pressure, but by no means all as some like to preach. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:06:18
It's amazing how far Bitcoin has come. From CPU mining on desktops, to 100% purpose built Bitcoin mining datacenters.
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:46:10
He has strange definitions of what qualifies as leadership, wisdom, and haste.
@_date: 2015-06-18 16:25:17
[Agreed]( I'm *real* tired of the character asassinations, antagonism, fearmongering, spamming, politicking, and all round dick-ish behaviour of many that can't take a hint and realise that they are NOT helping.
People need to calm down, and start working on solutions.
@_date: 2015-06-18 18:23:55
Intense, passionate disagreement is fine, in fact I'd be more worried if it went too smoothly, but it's dragging on now and people are showing their dark sides, they are getting impatient, desperate, and beginning to play dirty, and that is NOT cool. It is destructive and will damage relations between passionate Bitcoin users, as well as Bitcoin in general, and it is not worth it. The character assassinations, fearmongering, spamming and politicking in particular is getting on my nerves, and demonstrates that even smart, reasoned, patient men can turn into petulant children. A LOT of people (and I'm talking about prominent devs, as well as other well known public figures in the community) are making what should be a purely technical discussion personal, when they really shouldn't be.
I might be going on like a loose tappet right now, but I'm going to say it again. 
People need to calm down, and start working on solutions. No-one should be treating each other as enemies, we all want Bitcoin to succeed.
@_date: 2015-06-23 07:29:38
It seems so. There's also the possibility that they chose 8 as Gavin's initial figures were incorrect and were actually 8mb so they had more confidence in 8mb over 20mb as well, but there's also others that reckon they may also have chosen 8mb because the number 8 is lucky in China :).
I would have preferred 20mb personally, but I'm happy with 8mb as long as there is the scheduled increases which will mean the block will eventually be &gt; 20mb anyway. One advantage of 8mb is it will help calm people's fears that the blocksize increase will be abused and cause bloat. It's also far better to have scheduled increases, over a much larger 20mb on-off increase that will need to be revisited in the future. That way people will have certainty that Bitcoin can grow, and avoid these gridlocks and infighting in the future.
8mb seems to be the number that keeps most people happy, while also giving the network the room to grow in the coming years.
@_date: 2015-06-20 14:55:31
I agree. At least Gavin hasn't abandoned the scheduled increases as he had with the 20mb only proposal. The schedule allows people to at least plan and coordinate around predictable growth rates while doing other things to keep transactions off the blockchain, it may also create the slow buildup for fee markets before the block reward dries up. It may even be that the increases will lie dormant and unused, except in exceptionally busy periods like black Friday and instead be diverted to LN or even sidechains if implementations become viable for high volume transactions. 
I think it is a good compromise in most respects.
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:05:26
Lets also not forget that Mike Hearn has also contributed *significantly* to making offchain transactions more of a reality with lighthouse, and payment channels. Mike has has been supporting both sides.
@_date: 2015-06-26 11:23:59
Only miner collusion can force a hard fork, and even then it would probably do more harm than good. Gavin and Mike have long standing reputations but they can't snap their fingers to bring the masses to attention, I know because Gavin couldn't do it during the last two hard forks either (even when Bitcoin temporarily broke due to a bug, he wanted to stay with the new version but deferred to the rest of the devs that considered a rollback to be much safer). Unless everyone blindly obeys (at least 80-ish percent) there is little chance that Bitcoin will ever fork. I'd be far more worried about miners than developers short-circuiting the decision making process, and even more-so now. In the last planned fork (BIP16/BIP17), the biggest miner Deepbit (who held 40-ish% hashrate) actually did a very responsible thing and stayed out of the decision making process completely by not committing to either proposal unless the majority of the leftover hashpower sided with one proposal over the other. Then, and only then did Deepbit commit. 
It was very successful and kept things fair such that it kept the discussion mostly technical and meant that the community and industry had the last say. Deepbit refused to be swayed one way or the other unless the larger community made a move. During the bip16/17 fork there was also a lot of developer arguing, and it got personal too, as Luke and Gavin were gridlocked with their respective proposals. It was definitely contentious last time but they were never in any position to dictate which proposal was going to be accepted (even though they both were trying to steal a march on each other on the miner support side). What Deepbit did was very respectful of miners and users, it was level handed, and it meant that users and miners had the final say. NOT the developers.
Right now a different situation is developing where a very large slice of hashpower (30%) has not decided to avoid making a decision one way or the other, but instead have made their decision dependent on the developers that work on the Bitcoin Core software agreeing. If there were ever a situation where an authoritarian person/organisation/clique could dictate how Bitcoin is to be changed then this is it. 
Essentially what is materialising is that the decision making ability should be stripped from the users and smaller miners, and instead be given to a tiny group of 20-ish developers. Huobi/BTCChina/F2Pool are essentially handing all the decision-making power to the Bitcoin-Core developers, rather than the community. It is the worst type of centralisation IMO. It is very real centralisation where we, the users and community are essentially powerless except to sway developers by threatening them with personal attacks (essentially the only way the community has a say is behaving in the worst possible manner such that developers act out of fear, or harness FUD to cow other developers). By having the discussion devolve to personal attacks that derail the discussion, the decision can be stripped from users/miner/industry indefinitely (as long as the chinese hashrate remains at their collective 30%). This means that as long as there is division and unrest, people can disrupt the process by spreading FUD rather than keeping the discussion technical, informed and rational.
Because of this, people (including developers) against a block increase that simply want to maintain the status quo are in an excellent position to disrupt discussion by resorting to personal attacks, delaying, and just doing anything that keeps people from actually discussing the actual proposal. This discussion shouldn't be about people at all, it should be about what steps need to be taken to ensure Bitcoin grows in a scalable fashion. Not just decentralisation, but all aspects as they are all linked and reinforce each other. I have not singled out any developer when I talk about the block size increase debate (though I'm sorely tempted to at times) because it is about the technical aspects. No developer(s) have sole control over the blocksize, so singling them out as being worthy/unworthy is petty. If the merits of one decision over another is based solely on who supports it, that is a fallacious argument, an appeal to authority and has no bearing on the actual argument's merits.
@_date: 2015-06-22 04:07:38
It's to do with the fact that there is a hard limit on the amount of space that can be used to store transactions. Right now it is 1mb/block, and blocks are on average broadcast every 10 mins. Originally it was not limited, but there was a fear from the creator that the network could be flooded/spammed with transactions which could have flooded the network, and result in a massive blockchain as a result because miners were not yet using fees to filter out spammy transactions. Satoshi decided to quietly introduce a hard limit, to head off any abuse, or premature bloat until there was a need for larger blocks, as well as greater maturity of the Bitcoin network to handle the increased load. Unfortunately there was no schedule put in place to increase the limit or any plan as Satoshi stopped contributing not long after. Right now the max number of transactions per second is 3 transactions per second. There has been a lot of discussion regarding the max blocksize for years now, but it is only now becoming obvious that the limit is going to be reached and that a decision needs to be made. Gavin has proposed initially that 20 mb is a good balance between the needs of miners, users, and future growth, but miners in China claim that 20mb per block could cripple their ability to mine so they claim they will only accept a change to the max block size of 8mb (and since the top 5 miners in China currently hold &gt;50% of the network power, they can effectively reject any change they don't agree with). There is no real security risk for users, but not doing anything does have implications for Bitcoin's future, some argue that the limit must stay, though most agree that the limit must be raised. The devil has been in the details though. Some want no limit at all, some want a one time increase of 20 mb, some want 8mb, some want scheduled increases, etc. Coming to an agreement on how much, when, and whether we make it a once off, or scheduled increase is being hotly debated.
My personal opinion after literally following these discussions for years (since 2010) is that Gavin's plan is a good one. He has settled on 8mb as being the best compromise to allow for future growth, and a scheduled increase where the limit is doubled every 2 years for the next 20 years. This increase should be within the limitations of future bandwidth growth, and storage capacity/costs in the future. The OP's picture outlines exactly how that growth will unfold over the years and right now seems to be the plan most likely to be rolled out over the coming year.
@_date: 2015-06-14 11:14:59
Maybe he should have called it "blockchain numbers/value/units" or something. I agree it can confuse people, much like when people talk about Bitcoin and bitcoin, but he needed to brand it in ways that people could be familiar with it and immediately grasp the concepts. Just like the wallet.dat is not actually a wallet, but just a file to store private keys. I'm sure the Blockchain = good, bitcoin = bad BS will fade eventually but there's no guarantee that Bitcoin would have gotten the same amount of attention/adoption if people didn't have a simple way to familiarise themselves with it.
I'm quite certain he used the "Bit" part of bitcoin as a nod to "Bit"torrent as it is a decentralised network, and "coin", to mean the units that get stored in the blockchain being the things you own/exchange. If he'd called it "blockchain units" it's altogether possible that noone would have had a damn clue what the hell Bitcoin was good for.
@_date: 2015-06-27 13:28:22
The very definition of vaporware.
@_date: 2015-06-01 08:21:44
No problems here, I download a great deal of data, but I still have lots of leftover data each month that's never used, and my connection is very fast, even though I live in the country.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:23:09
Don't confuse freedom with it being an enabler to commit crimes.
@_date: 2014-03-09 10:25:50
Oh, pooky, did you not read the [memo](
Since all you've really done is repeat yourself it does get kind of boring. Adults have grown up things to do you know, and their time needs to be used wisely. I need to be interested, or entertained, not bored to death.
If you want my attention you need to entertain me far better than what you are doing right now.
@_date: 2014-01-14 06:35:42
Since the mods refuse to ban obvious trolls here, unfortunately I think the situation is not really going to improve a great deal, I have always tried to be as patient and helpful as possible but I simply can't be bothered repeating myself for the fourth or fifth time when the same questions pop up time and time again. We also have unnecessary troll noise that goad us to "debate them" so it can be nigh on impossible to determine whether the user is genuinely curious/interested/confused, or just a whiny asshat having a pissing contest at the expense of others (Edit: which I also remarked on a [few days ago]( ), (I even got dragged in by darkwings_08 initially until I realised he was neither interested or curious about Bitcoin, he was simply seeking a disproportionate reaction, which he, disappointingly for him, didn't get from me). I'm not rude about it though. Just [yesterday a user asked a question that had been already raised several times]( I reminded them to use the search function, linked to some almost identical threads and left it at that.
There is a huge repository of information on this subreddit that has very thoroughly discussed a huge range of bitcoin related topics and issues, yet it is almost never referenced because not just new users, but also longer users refuse to utilise it. I'd urge long-time users to not get pissy, and instead *remind* new users that there is a search function first, link to some identical threads to get them started, and move on.
Trolling time-wasters are a real problem, ain't no-one got time for that, but we can still help out those that need it without getting too impatient with them.
Edit: This very topic was [also covered 3 days ago]( you *also* may want to use the search bar before creating identical posts....
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:22:58
Please go out of your way to impress me. "I'm lovin it" lol.
Edit: 


OOOOOooohhhh... big numbers, you know, when you use big numbers and long words you sound important!
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:24:33
Indeed, and they also broke the other rule. 
"Never invest more than you are willing to lose".
It is sickening that some people are going to have their lives ruined by this, but I'm also livid at how they blindly trusted a third party, and the they *must* have realised how risky it was to do so. One does not simply dump 20-100k in coins on an exchange with the assumption that Bitcoin is a safe bet, and the security is airtight, (especially an exchange like Gox with it's *very* colorful history). That there is money floating on a very stormy sea, anyone that says otherwise is either blindly naive, or insane.
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:27:38






Indeed. I am also getting tired of this shit.
@_date: 2014-02-21 07:22:52
TBH, I think the only reason people care is because it has been a mainstay of the Bitcoin community for so long. There is literally nothing vital that is lost if Gox closes it's doors, only the people that stored their money there are in dire straits. No government is shutting them down, no liquidity is lost since Gox has had shocking fiat withdrawals for several months now anyway, hardly any market share is lost since not very many people used it as a major exchange (I say that loosely though, the 30 day average for coins traded on bitcoinity shows it at 16% so it does have a decent chunk of market share, but that is a far cry compared to over a year ago when they had closer to 80%). It also does not serve as a major ticker for gauging the value of a Bitcoin either, since other exchanges are more than capable of giving a reliable indicator on sentiment, and collectively hold a far greater share of the market. Unlike other events that have affected Bitcoin Gox's problems are not Bitcoin-wide problems, they are internal and the effects are nowhere near as far ranging as some think IMO.
 
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:01:55


He did indeed, and I'm immensely thankful that Gavin has stuck it out through the bad times. Even in the very beginning I remember Gavin being an active, friendly, and inclusive member of the Bitcoin community who always tried to be level handed when approaching any major changes. 


Hmmm, hard to say without naming names ;). I will say that the lightning network probably had a lot to do with how devs are now doubling down their resistance to the block increase. Much like sidechains could do away with the necessity for altcoins, LN could do something similar with the blocksize. I think that is simply false hope though and devs just don't want to accept the fact that Bitcoin needs to scale up sooner than they feel ready to. In years previous it was claimed that removing the block would be abused and lead to blockchain bloat (which never happened, as other mechanisms kept it in check), then it was that we need to force fee markets (AKA fee pressure) into existence to ensure miners don't abandon the network (which also never happened). Now they are claiming that LN is the holy grail of avoiding the need for removing the blocksize limit (at least for the time being) and will solve everyone's problems and to do otherwise will centralise nodes/mining or something else.
There seems to be this perpetual fear that allowing blocks to get bigger will be abused and cause the network to converge to a more centralised version of what it is now, which in turn will lead to it being more insecure, more easily cut off/dismantled, and more easily traceable. That seems to be the main crux of it. I think what we are seeing is certain agitators are leveraging this fear to make their case that block increases must be avoided to avoid this outcome, even though there is ample evidence to prove that Bitcoin is more than capable of handling greater transaction loads, and nodes will not disappear. Because centralisation is the boogey man for nearly all Bitcoin developers, it gets their attention, and even implausible scenarios start to get treated very seriously. The problem is that these agitators don't need to prove that it will happen, they only need to suggest that it *might* happen. And I don't necessarily think they are saying these things because they believe them, there is a strong likelihood that devs with very strong libertarian views are more concerned about possible erosion of privacy, or they hate the idea of not being able to run full nodes in the future because they are too paranoid to trust anything less. *AHEM* It could also be that VC money is on the line and a small blocksize would boost support for their services/development in the future.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:21:09
Private, closed networks that operate just like the internet do exist. [An intranet can be understood as a private analog of the Internet, or as a private extension of the Internet confined to an organization](
Email is a protocol and there are lots of different versions, just like bitcoin has lots of different clients, there is no official software, just a protocol that people have agreed on, people gravitate to the ones that best serve their purposes, and that is usually the first mover that is "good enough". Cryptocurrency is a protocol for money, just like the internet has protocols for communication and people have built various pieces of software on top of those protocols that can seamlessly interect with each other. And just like there are competing Bitcoin protocols, litecoin dogecoin, etc. there are competing internet protocols eg. http, https, ftp, smtp, imap, pop to do certain things a certain way, and people naturally gravitate to the ones that fit their purposes and are "good enough", just like with Bitcoin.
IPv4 has still not been shaken from top spot by IPv6 because it was the first mover and is "good enough", it is also highly likely that Bitcoin is not going to be shaken by any other protocol short of it being a whole new revolutionary money like Bitcoin has been compared to the old financial system.
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:14:20
Bitcoin can and will scale when the 7 tps limit is reached. And the devs have a very clear path forward for helping the network scale up over time. Etherium in no way solves any scaling issues.
With regards to the Zerocoin researcher, rather than thoroughly vet and test his code, [he lost patience and decided to go his own way when the devs didn't glowingly endorse and embrace his proposals]( I've seen it with many programmers on the dev list, they think they've "solved XYZ problem and all we need to do is hardfork this, refactor that", and when the majority of the devs say no, or even say, that the changes won't happen unless they can be backward compatible etc. they get pissy and can't keep their ego out of the way. Instead "take their ball and go home" by making an alt. The fact is that Bitcoin's scripting engine could also be made turing complete and could in the future be expanded, but programmers ego's (and being a programmed myself also understand the urge to add, rather than stabilise code) simply wants to add the features now rather than appreciate that just because you *can* do something, doesn't mean you should. [He's also stated that he'd consider putting in a backdoor to allow authorities to pull back the anonymity curtain]( and so if the devs had rushed to integrate, they *may* have swallowed a poison pill since there was still "magic" code that devs were unhappy about in the ZC stuff.
Just following the discussion on the [dev list by the major players]( tells me more than enough that the guys proposing Etherium are in way over their head. Feasible and implementable are two very different things, sure it sounds *great* in theory, but putting it into practice is in all likelihood going to be a nightmare, with very little ROI, all because they wanted that last 5% of cases that Bitcoin didn't do and were willing to open a can of potential security vulnerabilities to make it happen, and they are putting themselves under immense pressure by having "investors" to answer to, that means they have an incentive to be intellectually dishonest. Their ego wants features first, security last. A little bit like windows OS development, they made it easy, flashy, fun, and it was a security nightmare for the next couple decades as they had to put out fire after fire, redesign, keep backwards compatiblity, abandon large chunks of functionality and deal with the bad PR. Unlike an OS though, Ehtherium is meant to be money, any flaw, at any level can be catastrophic for the value of the network.
The design of Bitcoin, functionality wise is much like a blacklist, and then explicitly enabling what is allowed and what isn't, Etherium is proposing a whitelist where anything goes and then fixing problems that may arise. It is far, far, FAR easier to fix functionality problems in Bitcoin's case because the predictable functionality and behaviour is explicitly limited, makes it easy to avoid whole classes of flaws and potential bugs. This is security 101, whether it be routing tables, security privileges, etc. you start by denying everything and then explicitly allowing, anything where security is tantamount, you do this. Instead Etherium is allowing every single possible function and bug in existence and then hoping they can find and plug every single corner case and bug. So the so-called simplification of Etherium's design is actually the opposite, they are introducing astonishing complexity and with that complexity an infinite number of potential bugs and logic flaws. No programming language that is Turing complete is flawless, or bug free, so you can be certain that Etherium is going to be dancing through a minefield. 
I'm sure that when Etherium is released it will chug along unmolested by any serious issues for a while, but, I can assure you, there are going to be some very smart hackers out there that would *love* to exploit Etherium (we already know this from Bitcoin's experience, but because Bitcoin has been so rock solid they've gone for the users, rather than attempting to find flaws in the Bitcoin code), and when the Ether-coins get valuable enough, they will have increasing financial incentive to do so.
I myself am a PhD student doing a doctorate in Computer Science (though my field is AI and evolutionary learning and not heavily based on cryptography) so I feel I have at least a little bit of insight into why this is probably a bad idea. 
tldr; Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:05:09
It's related to the security of the network. One of the few security weaknesses of the Bitcoin network is a 51% compromise. If a single entity is able to get more than 51% of the network hashrate, he can reliably perform double spending (a situation where he can spend his coins twice for a very short period), or more dangerously stop new transactions from entering the blockchain. The first weakness can easily be mitigated by waiting for more confirmations, and TBH the malicious actor could only doublespend coins they own, so it is limited in scope (unless he decided to make a business out of it). The second is far more dangerous as it could essentially seize up the network. Realistically though, the single entity is not a single entity, it is a pool, a collection of thousands of miners combining their hashrate for a share of the block reward and fees.
A huge fuss was made for miners to move to other pools and use decentralised alternatives like p2pool, but gigahash has multiple features that make it more appealing than other pools. To mitigate this, mining pools need to be more competitive and appealing to miners to draw away hashrate. Also p2pool needs to be far more easy to setup and operate, it currently requires a full node and most miners like to run lean mean setups (like with a raspbery pi, and that can't possibly host it's own full node).
Is this a threat? Yes and not really (at least not yet). The last fuss at least made miners move temporarily from gigahash, and made the pool release a (lipservice by the looks of things) statement saying they will avoid reaching 50% hashrate, but as things look now, miners need more than feels and threats to keep them off big pools. They need competitors that can do everything gigahash can and p2pool needs to get leaner and simpler. These things will probably take time to come about though so in the meantime miners need to weight up the threat of endangering the value of those sweet, sweet coins they get from gigahash, or be shamed into wrestling with p2pool and less enticing pools in the mean time.
I think there is a middleground though. Pool operators want less variance (consistent payouts) but they also don't want to cause a repeat of gigahash, why not have a set of decent pools that the miners switch between every X blocks? Surely this type of software exists and is simple to setup! Does anyone know of such a piece of software? At least then miners won't feel cheated for leaving gigahash, and still get to gain some of the benefits of mining on gigahash without feeling like they are contributing to the problem.
@_date: 2014-03-15 15:03:04
I have a smartphone, bitcoins, and carry very little cash. I also live in Australia, so this development is very useful to me.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:40:01
I have thought the same thing. Satoshi has been completely silent for over 2 years and suddenly pipes up to protect Dorian. I mentioned it in a [previous post]( It could have simply been goodwill, but he has never done so in the past, but it could also be that he knew the guy, either personally, or simply borrowed his identity as a red herring but felt bad for the negative attention him assuming that pseudonym and wanted to make right by popping his head up.
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:18:43
So, does that mean gold is the embodiment of a libertarian ideal? How about cryptography? Does it have a political leaning where it favors democrats over conservatives? What about math? Is math the embodiment of anarchism?
@_date: 2015-06-13 03:21:50
A decision needs to be made based on sound reasoning rather than baseless fearmongering, and I think that is very achievable. It doesn't have to be perfect, but it should be the best solution of those on offer. There will always be some that disagree so trying to get a consensus is crazy. Trying to appease people with compromised solutions just to allay their baseless concerns will lend legitimacy to their claims, and lead to completely wrong-headed solutions. What's worse is the feet dragging that has been going on for years. The devs were continually resistant to addressing this ever present problem to the point that now solutions are being rushed to try and  please everyone rather than actually address the problem.
@_date: 2014-11-29 01:19:13
RemindMe! 3 days
@_date: 2014-07-19 20:21:39
That's what the ignorant and naive do. Just like the Internet being described as a [series of tubes](
@_date: 2014-10-14 02:07:07
I share the sentiment, but I'm trying to emphasise that I don't want to be responsible for others, which is why I warn people like this, I never intend to dampen my passion for the tech or the currency, far from it, but I feel there is an obligation to be completely honest about Bitcoin's dark, and risky side. In the early days I warned a lot of people real and virtual about the pitfalls of buying Bitcoin because if this had all gone pear shaped they would've seen me as the cause. It also means that I didn't get to see my friend's benefit from the rises in price over the years too which is also unfortunate, but I value their friendship more than I value them making a quick buck. I am very frank about the risks to my friends and I make it clear that it could all go down to 0 in an instant, that way if they do want to be involved in Bitcoin they do so with the full knowledge that there is no safety net to catch them.
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:13:15
Of course, but I am referring to it in the context of how change is handled, so I have assumed that OP knows what an address is and that and address can have a number of coins assigned to them.
Solidifying that an address is exactly like a note or coin in your wallet was what I was trying to get across. I admit a note or coins doesn't have a "balance" per se, it was just a bad choice of words. It would have been better to say the note is assigned value similar to an address being assigned a value (but addresses are far more flexible in that they can be assigned any arbitrary value and they can also be reassigned values too, but I digress).
Hope the misuse of "balance" didn't confuse anyone.
@_date: 2014-12-30 14:01:27
You need the currency element to drive the other uses so you will never find a blockchain without something to incentivise mining. And by definition any incentive will have value and can be traded, thus it will be usable as a currency.
@_date: 2014-02-01 12:55:02
July 2011 was rough, this week, I call this *stable* if anything...
@_date: 2014-12-02 01:52:24
It pays to quote the whole paragraph.


Context is everything. They are working on using Bitcoins "the asset" to support other blockchains. They are not talking about eradicating Bitcoins from the blockchain as you imply. 
@_date: 2014-11-26 08:01:09
How [I'm feeling]( about the whole GAW thing.
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:42:30
Whoa WHOA! Lets not start talking crazy now. Next thing you'll be saying is you expect governments to balance their budgets and spend within their means!
@_date: 2014-01-12 15:09:14
I think what Nathan_Flomm is failing to say (probably because he doesn't even know what he is talking about) is that Keynesian economics is superior to Austrian Economics because there is ways of stabilising the value sooner.
What Nathan fails to admit though is that Kenyesian economic policy also causes huge speculative bubbles that can destabilise the economy far worse than the original volatility. Essentially you give up long term stability for short term, whereas Austrian economics allows the market to sort itself out, which results in longer term stability.
Personally, I think Keynesian policy is shithouse and causes more problems than it solves, Austrian economics, which Bitcoin behaves most like, will stabilise eventually as it grows in usage. Those are the basic economic principles of old money and Bitcoin money. Nathan_Flomm also fails to grasp that they do not overlap, so making a sweeping generalisation that it's "basic economics" is so off base, it's not even funny.
@_date: 2014-01-11 12:10:23
Will you also live like a monk? Will you walk naked through the streets (or shop at target)? Will you shun friends and family? Defer having kids indefinitely? Stop grooming yourself? Live on the streets? Panhandle?
Ironically some people do just that. But everyone has needs and wants. You can and should be able to defer spending all you like and it should be your right to choose when you spend those coins, no government should strip the value of your money from your wallet and force you to constantly toil *just* to retain the savings you already have, when you've already worked so hard to accrue it.
It comes down to two distinctions, is society simply there to make governments and corporate entities more powerful to the exclusion of all else, or is society a place where individual liberty is a cherished and inviolable right which in turn empowers a nation.


It is only a problem when the economy is propped up on massive debt. Otherwise it simply means that people will have incentive to spend sooner since they will be able to buy the things they want sooner, thus stimulating the economy to grow and work to reduce the rising deflationary numbers.
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:21:34
If we were still at the CPU stage, and Bitcoin were where it is now, it's likely there would be a thriving botnet mining industry, making it even more centralised, giving Bitcoin an incredibly bad image, and all the mined coins going to criminals rather than the general populace, because thieves that run botnets have no running costs, no electricity costs, no location/rental costs, no hardware costs, etc. In the early days this was evident and with ASICs, it has squeezed botnet mining to virtually nothing. If that is not convincing enough for you, there was also a situation where many blocks were being mined with zero transactions, everyone was fairly certain it was a botnet that was doing it, probably for a couple of reasons, one, to propagate as quickly as possible since smaller blocks are easier to transmit, and another reason was perhaps because the mining software was so cut down, it never handled transactions, only the receiving of the nonce for the previous block, so that it could continue mining. This was getting so bad, it was actually affecting the confirmation time of transactions.
Believe me, we're better off with ASICs. Compared to CPU/GPU mining, ASICS has managed to keep the playing field far more level as Bitcoin has become more popular, it's far more fair than CPU/GPUs could have ever done.
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:48:06
Whelp, it's Saturday, and the price has climbed to 384 from around 370 3 days ago.
I think the lesson that can be learnt here is that [the market can stay irrational longer than you can remain solvent](
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:12:44
It's all good buzz_123, I've dealt with far more opinionated and abrasive people round here (not that you were really being opinionated), so it's no biggie, even in the worst case scenario you learnt something new and that is definitely not a bad thing.
Group hug! :)
@_date: 2014-10-15 11:55:20
Funny how Bitcoin and the underlying tech endures years of flack, derision, and a complete abandonment by these so-called establishments, then after Bitcoin proves itself to be a viable means of payment and store of value, suddenly they have the conceit to say that Bitcoin needs to "grow up" first before it can be involved with the big boys and supposedly "thrive".
Bitcoin has grown, evolved, and thrived just fine without the establishment supporting Bitcoin (even in light of the multitudes of failures, false-starts, thefts, bad press, etc.), and it will continue to grow without them. I think they are sorely misinformed of what they think is going to happen when Bitcoin does venture onto the mainstream. Bitcoin grows and thrives because it isn't part of the mainstream, not the other way round, in all likelihood the establishment will be bending to Bitcoin's whims, not the other way round, and considering how badly politicians and banksters have fucked the economies of the world, that's a very, very, VERY good thing.
The establishment can go fuck itself.
@_date: 2014-01-18 13:02:21
It's an overblown argument IMO. A little over half of all Bitcoins have been doled out so far so don't expect these "unworthy" early adopters that got Bitcoin on it's feet in the early days to have gotten the lions share.
Besides, The "wealth distribution" was never biased to the already wealthy, or the select few, or the political idealists or whatever. It went to those that found use in making the Bitcoin network better in every single way. Early adopters mined for the vast majority of the early coins, and that provided the minimum level of security needed to get the Bitcoin network on it's feet. The early users that bought those coins provided the earliest forms of real liquidity to kick-start the Bitcoin markets. Those that traded them even more so. Hell, even the "greedy hoarders" are keeping those coins safe from loss (which happened A LOT in the first year) so that they can be redistributed later to help ease excessive demand later on.
No one gets pissy at VCs that have their foot in the door automatically when investing in startups. Noone gets a pang of injustice when someone's Apple shares makes them a millionaire.
The brutal truth is the distribution of wealth has been incredibly fair compared to any other asset/stock/commodity/currency etc. It was available to the public at get go, provided a symbiotic benefit to both users and the network, and the barrier to entry was essentially zero. The last nail to this argument is that those that hold large stashes (still) also do so at huge risk (imagine buying bitcoins when they were cents and having to ride out at *least* 3 runups and slumps, the first of which resulted in bitcoin's value losing 95% at one point, *that* kind of perseverance and belief in the currency should surely be rewarded), and the only way to mitigate that is to invest in further advancing Bitcoin, or sell, which is a win/win regardless of the outcome for the latecomers (if they can even qualify themselves as late at this stage).
@_date: 2014-02-12 13:31:55
Well, less about thieves being benevolent and more Mt Gox catching the problem early, or at least having systems in place to minimise the loss.
@_date: 2014-11-18 17:26:58
I explained why OPs effort was sufficient. You offered nothing. Simply calling it speculation and assumptions proves nothing. Go back and address/refute my points (all of them one by one) if you want to be taken seriously. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:55:56
No-one is ignoring the bad news, but people are definitely ignoring the good news IMO. 
I've seen Bitcoin in far worse situations so frankly this is part and parcel with Bitcoin, but people still fail to realise that under all the "shittiness" companies are still integrating and accepting Bitcoin, and commerce is increasing, the security of the protocol is not compromised, governments are not declaring war on Bitcoin etc.
@_date: 2014-09-29 17:53:38
They are likely hedging against the possible risk of a block reorganisation. A reorganisation happening where you can instantly send bitcoin is risky and they could lose money and could create a huge mess (as a reorganisation essentially reverses transactions in blocks that have to be dropped, and those dropped transactions will need to be reconfirmed) if the money is sent to an address they don't control.
Lets be fair though, sending money via any other payment method will see the possibility of reversals weeks into the future, but the window for a reversal is ultimately approx 30 mins with circle's 3 confirmation wait time. That means you wait and you OWN that Bitcoin and circle has no means of clawing that back. I hardly think waiting a paltry 30 mins or so is going to hurt Bitcoin's adoption when the reality is other payments can be snatched back weeks down the line.
This is a prudent balancing of risks in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:16:43
I would only trust it with small amounts that you may need for impulse purchases and such. I keep a couple hundred on blockchain.info, but everything else is in cold storage. In no way should you expect that Coinbase's security is going to be safer than Gox, Gox used yubikeys, 2FA, it had so much security you'd swear that it was bulletproof. It damn well wasn't, and if they can't do it right, there isn't a snowball's chance in hell that others will have been able to do better.
Cold storage is not *that* hard, Mycelium and blockchain for phones can import offline addresses I hear, there's also Electrum, and Armory. Both excellent solutions depending on your circumstances. You can also just make a single address offline using bitcoinpaperwallet.com thereby avoiding any digital copies being leaked somehow.
If you have a significant amount of Bitcoin, you owe it to yourself to make sure those funds are secure. Most, if not all 3rd party wallet services are not 100% safe, and storing them with a 3rd party means you are outsourcing the security to someone else. You do this at your own risk so if something goes wrong, you only have yourself to blame. Mt Gox users are discovering this first hand.
@_date: 2014-12-28 11:20:23
I definitely recommend using a Trezor (though you should definitely do your own research on this), I use one myself and the Trezor makers have been extremely transparent, though for the extremely paranoid there will probably never be a way to fully assuage their fears. Other than that, Trezor pretty much ticks all the boxes when it comes to ease of use, safe to operate, and secure. It is very well designed, and it's likely that we'll have at least Bitcoin several wallets that will support the Trezor next year. 
This is all well and good for transacting, but you also need to protect your backup seed. Consider using SSSS (Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme) to split the seed into multiple pieces and store them in multiple trusted locations so that you can recover your wallet later if you lose/damage your Trezor.
This way you have on hand a tool for scure transacting, and your backup is safely scattered so that only you can easily  recombine them.
@_date: 2014-02-11 15:07:10
Yeah, considering many services like blockchain.info, coinbase, coinjar, et al. are all releasing statements that they are not affected I think it is prudent and good form all the other exchanges are checking their code (if that is indeed the reason for the suspension of withdrawals), and get the all clear.
There is nothing wrong with doublechecking after all.
@_date: 2014-09-24 04:09:10
She seems to be forgetting that paypal, even when it tangentially adopts Bitcoin for a limited array of items, doesn't simply mean existing users will only be spending their coins, it also means that the user base will expand, considerably, and all these new users that want to use Bitcoin via paypal have to get their coins somewhere.
Talk about blinkered reasoning.
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:36:43


No I will not.


No, most are not. You have been lulled into a false sense of security, because inflation is is a real thing and it really is eroding each currency's value, and governments have all manner of controls to force it to compliance, even if this means catastrophic consequences down the line. At least when Something happens in the Bitcoin world, it is felt, adjusted to and genuine. Besides, you are only thinking of the successful ones. Most currencies [fail within 27 years]( so, why is Bitcoin so volatile? Well IMO the crux is it's small, and it's SUPER frictionless. Movement of money like this is *unheard of*, and so, reactions in the market are super fast. Now traditionally, a market that is small can't be spread far and wide, so things that happen far away, usually take time (or they are concealed or manipulated) but Bitcoins markets are slicker than a greased pig, there is no resistance to news (and NO holidays *cough* wallstreet *cough*). It's like we are seeing all the benefits of a worldwide currency before it's grown into the responsibility of using them yet. At least this is how I look at it.


This binary reasoning is stupid. But yes, people that risk the house on Bitcoin are at the very least reckless, and gamblers by association. So I agree with you there. But this does not nullify it's usefulness, and it does not negate it as a currency.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:25:20
I think he means SideChains (SC).
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:40:45
I didn't say they'd honor a transaction that was was bumped off by a double spend, I'd hardly think they'd ever honor attempted fraud as the person double spending is almost certainly the one whose coins are being spent in the transaction. I was saying in not as many words, that from the time perspective, Bitpay protects merchants by assuring payment with a 0-confirmation by locking the exchange rate so that they are protected from volatility. Thus why I said,


the important wording there being "to avoid waiting times" not "even if the transaction is found to be double spent later".
Sorry if I seemed misleading about that.
@_date: 2014-01-07 08:26:18
I totally agree, besides, I'd rather see big money using and helping to embrace Bitcoin rather than wiping out the world's economies and leaving utter chaos in it's wake, that will take decades to stabilise and repair. Any person that thinks wrecking financial markets across the world is a good thing is not sound of mind.
With the current passive resistance from banks and the hesitance of many countries to embrace Bitcoin, wall street and businesses in general are excellent allies in not only reaping the advantages of the Bitcoin network, but also having the connections and financial, industrial, and political clout to twist bankers and politician's arms to embrace, rather than try to extinguish Bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2014-12-30 13:17:59
What you are confusing is the time taken to **send** a transaction and the time for **settlement** of that transaction.
Both Paypal and Bitcoin send transactions instantly. Settlement however is a whole different situation. Settlement via Paypal can take weeks or even months, as they must take into consideration scammers, fraud, or theft, so they need to have the power to reverse transactions in these cases. This means settlement of transactions can take weeks or even months. And even after Paypal has reassured you that you have received the transaction, that transaction could be reversed months later.
Bitcoin settlement on the other hand is much MUCH faster than Paypal as it is a push style transaction compared to Paypal's pull style transaction.
As I said, Bitcoin can send transactions instantly, and you can watch this in realtime. It literally takes seconds for the transaction to propagate through the network of nodes, settlement however is a different matter, as the receiver usually likes to be certain that the transaction can't be reversed before they consider the payment settled as there is no-one to protect them from fraud. This is usually after 5-6 confirmations which can take from an hour to maybe as long as 6. For Digital items that can be revoked 0 confirmations is acceptable, but merchants sending physical items they prefer to wait an hour or 6 to feel fully reassured that the funds are in their control. Intermediaries like Bitpay are options for merchants where Bitpay assures 100% payment with an instant confirmation to avoid waiting times, but the key here is it is optional for the merchant. They can take on the risk themselves and send items instantly, they can make the payer wait a little longer for the Bitcoin network to settle or they can use an intermediary that helps manage the risk for them, like Paypal does.
Unlike Paypal, Bitcoin can settle far FAR faster as it's style of payment is a push rather than pull payment. 
| Payment Network   | Type    | Transaction Time     | Transaction Settlement| 
| Paypal/CC/Bank        |          Pull|     Instant  |   days/weeks/months
| Bitcoin       |          Push|     Instant|   1-6 hours
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:30:18
heh, I'd hazard a guess they realised that cutting themselves out of the market while everyone else enjoyed the benefits of the Bitcoin protocol was not so smart. It's also probably likely their "ban" didn't mean shit to everyone else and so "allowing" it helps portray at least the illusion of authority.
Looks like the new moon race between America, ans Russia is on. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 09:20:56
The internet was also peddled as a den of criminality, with early proponents being singled out and publicly shamed for their association to it. The term hacker also got twisted into a dirty word for the media's and government's ends. DDOSing, malware, trojans, piracy, bank heists, identity thefts, stalking, bullying, viruses taking down huge sites, all of the worst aspects of humanity can be linked to the internet somehow. Claiming that Bitcoin is supposed to be squeaky clean and above reproach is silly. Humans use it for evil, just like any other tool out there. What's important is the fundamentals, because for all the evil it can perpetuate, it can also do incredible good. If you ignore the fundamentals and always look to the media for approval of Bitcoin, then you'll obviously get jaded. 
Yet even with much of the media bashing on it for years, the internet still grew, became more robust, and easier to use. Bitcoin is heading down the exact same path (we're probably at the stage where the internet was in 92, remember the Dos and windows 3.1 days? That's where we are with Bitcoin right now, it's still clunky and hard to setup, and still has quite a few pitfalls, but people are catching on, and things are starting to get interesting), the momentum right now is very much constant now, unlike in 2011 where people (including myself) really weren't sure if this idea was going to fly, there are far too many advantages now for people to continually ignore it, because even when it is vilified, those advantages remain. I can remember people commenting about Bitcoin a year or so after a Bitcoin "crash" and remarking that they were surprised it was still going because they though it would have died by now, lots of people also thought that the internet was a fad, companies pretty much ignored the internet for years and it was only until a critical mass came along did they start to take it seriously. The fact that companies had to scramble to register their DNS domains when they realised that their brand was not protected is testament to that. And also lets not forget that the governments of the world had to roll out completely new legislation to handle internet crime and whatnot because the idea of the internet was a completely new and uncategorised system (sound familiar to governments coming to grips with regulating Bitcoin right now?). Bitcoin's refusal to die will eventually shatter even the most stubborn person's cognitive dissonance, just like it did with the internet. Forget about the bad actors, they are becoming less, and less relevant because the bad they perpetuate is definitely being outweighed by the good, the vast number of businesses that accept Bitcoin have nothing but good things to say about it.
Ed: You made reference that 0.00123456 is too difficult to grasp, don't forget that people tore their hair out over all the DNS terms and such back in the day, people *actually* thought that .gov .com .com.jp  was impossible to understand and not user friendly enough (!?!!).
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:00:50
I've said that heaps of times, and I agree, they are bringing down the market (but I think the whole thing is overblown, but that said, I don't have any money/bitcoin in Gox), and it's tempting to assume it's malicious, but considering their track record, I'm more inclined to believe it's stupidity and gross mismanagement. Maybe they simply can't put out the legal/technical fires fast enough and it's overwhelming them. That could all be accepted/tolerated though if they were at least up front about it. Instead we've had silence, fingerpointing, shifting of blame, and as you point out willful ignorance of the fact that their continued trading is harming the Bitcoin market and destroying the value of their user's money. It's downright shameful.
What's certain is even if they get everything functioning, they've still done a huge amount of reputational damage to themselves and to a much smaller degree Bitcoin. Users can forgive problems, it's common in Bitcoinland, but scapegoating is going to turn everyone against them. Bitcoin (as it has in the past) will brush it off, but Gox's reputation will take a very heavy hit from their behaviour.
@_date: 2014-10-28 10:16:30
First world problems ;)
In many other countries, even developed ones they have no problem dealing with hundreds and thousands for small items.
In Japan it would cost you about 500 yen for a coffee. Buying a pizza costs about 2,000 yen. When you look at it that way, spending 3470 for a coffee doesn't seem that strange.
@_date: 2014-09-22 03:03:57
Having watched all the alts come and go, as well as hearing the tireless complaining that Bitcoin's wealth distribution is not fair etc. etc. I can tell you that none of the things you have mentioned will come to pass because your reasoning is completely backward.
You complain about unfair distribution of coins, but you never factor in that many long term holders have been put through the wringer to get where they are. If they achieved a 10x or even 50x increase in their coin's value, they only did so by riding the wild ups and downs in the process, with absolutely no guarantee it would turn out in their favor, hardly a free ride, or a guaranteed return. Now you want to waltz in, pat them on the back and say, "you don't deserve this, all the other people who sat on their arses and laughed at you deserve a cut of your profits, give!" and then literally punish them so that the clueless can get a cut of the action.
As far as your dismissal of network effect is concerned, you're also making light of the fact that in 6+ years, there have been hundreds of alts that have been pretty much ignored. Most copy-coins, some supposedly innovative, and a few even have significant backing, but none of them have ever come close to Bitcoin, and never will because Bitcoin already has the lowest barrier to entry on all counts. No alt can top that unless it is so mindbendingly innovative (which is unlikely to say the least) that it makes Bitcoin look like a clunky dinosaur the same way Bitcoin makes the banking system look today, and even then theres no guarantee.
Your list is fantasyland stuff, akin to saying I want to swim in the sea but don't want to get wet because I hate the feeling, saying,  "easier and cheaper platform to innovate on" and "fairer distribution" makes me wonder if you understand the history, and workings of Bitcoin because it just doesn't make sense.
Bitcoin's original client was MIT licensed from the start, so it was defacto free, and Bitcoin's distribution of coins was as fair as it could possibly get, by giving coins proportionately to every person that mined coins, thus in return for securing the network, that person would get coins to use as they please, thus every person that helped make the network better/more secure was rewarded for their work so only the people that deserved coins, got coins, and the barrier to entry was super low, any person could mine in the early days, if you had a PC and an internet connection you could mine blocks, additionally the coins went to the people that were most likely to use them in the first place, and it was proportional too, so people that provided more hashing power got a bigger slice of the reward. This had the additional benefit that people that received coins had an incentive to improve Bitcoin, thus they were incentivised to share successes, open source new software that utilised Bitcoin to spur adoption etc. and this happened a lot. People that have coins have a strong incentive to help others use Bitcoin, it never simply stopped at "I have coins, time to sit on them and watch them grow in value" like a bank account, because there is no guarantee it would grow. Failure was an ever present possibility in the early days. There was no playing favourites, or one person doling out coins to their friends or associates like Ripple's toxic form of distribution or Etherium's absurd fundrasing. It was first come first serve, and it was only those that got into Bitcoin in the early days that reaped the benefits. And they didn't get it easy, they were often laughed at, ignored, demonised and often bore the brunt of trolls and idiots before being vindicated. How could you possibly distribute the coins in any fairer manner than that is beyond me. 
What you are actually saying when you say you want a fairer distribution is acutally the inverse of what would actually happen, you want a risk free system where you take 99% of all the rewards from that 1% that did all of the work and distribute that to the 99% that did nothing because you think it is "fair". You might think that the early users don't deserve the coins they have, but do the general public deserve an equal share for doing nothing?
@_date: 2014-11-01 01:52:39
Thanks! :)
@_date: 2014-11-14 14:55:11
Say someone sells a nice jewellery box under the assumption that there is nothing in it, but lo and behold maybe a previous  deceased owner knew of a secret compartment that the seller didn't and stashed some juicy items there. You just happened to, through rigorous examination, find the key to opening said compartment.
Now in this case, I feel you are totally safe in the sense that neither you, nor the seller was aware of the contents, and that you are under no obligation to feel that after the sale is settled, you must compensate the seller after the fact.
Think of it in land sale terms. Neither you nor the seller is aware the land in question has a huge reserve of oil. After the sale you discover oil on your land. Is the previous seller entitled to compensation? I can only think that if you were aware of the oil reserves before you settled the sale, could you be held liable for compensation (or fraud). 
You're safe IMO.
@_date: 2014-02-20 13:02:13
I still don't know what their purpose is so you're not alone.
@_date: 2014-02-01 13:07:20


Looks like they don't even need to touch Bitcoin before they start offing themselves...
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:25:34
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-12-14 17:41:20
Yeah what is with that bunny, that's undoubtedly the second time I've seen that pop up...
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:20:39
Seriously, those guys must be making a killing by accepting BTC :).
@_date: 2014-11-30 05:40:32
I think you're displaying a little bit too much enthusiasm, which is why the trolls have swarmed your thread (they seem to be doing it a fair bit recently) but I do somewhat share your sentiment (except I'm a bit more cautiously optimistic compared to yourself). The fact is the price reaching levels it has in the last year really was a dream 4 years ago and the vast majority mocked users even mentioning prices above $100 USD back then. There is no guarantee history will repeat itself, but if Bitcoin continues as it has adoption-wise, usability-wise, safety-wise, and requlatory-certainty-wise I'm quite certain we will see higher prices in the years to come. So I look forward to coming back to this thread in a few years to see what happens, and also to see which side is going to be capitulating. ;)
RemindMe! 2 years
@_date: 2014-12-31 03:15:54
I can do that too! Here's 2011.
@_date: 2014-11-02 10:03:44
You conveniently omit botnets. Botnets are existing systems that have been hijacked by criminals and mine using others' electricity and infrastructure, and they existed in Bitcoin's early stages. Botnet miners can essentially mine for free, with almost zero investment in infrastructure except the effort taken to write the malware. Their efficiency will in all circumstances undercut operating costs of legit miners, meaning that eventually everyone but them will operate at a loss and will not only force mining to centralise, but the most powerful miners will also be the criminals that operate these botnets, thus putting the security of Bitcoin in the worst possible hands. ASICs have utterly crushed botnet miners, has meant that everyone is on a level playing field on a cost level, and also has made sure that legal mining is favourable to illegal tactics to mine.
Even [Satoshi acknowledged that GPU mining was around the corner]( ASICs have cemented a great deal of infrastructure around Bitcoin that will last into the future for many years as well as ensuring continued hashing, which CPU mining can't readily guarantee because owners have no sunk costs that need to be recovered in order to ensure they continue to mine. At the end of the day ASICs have been a net positive to the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:53:11
People should only risk what the can afford to lose with Bitcoin. 
As cowboy_coder said, the hotline posts are almost certainly trolls (and if on the off chance they weren't, then they were posted by individuals with misplaced concern for greedy idiots). Considering how small the window was for buying huge amounts of bitcoins at the peaks, it's incredibly unlikely that those who did were poor, desperate and had the means/know-how to pull off the trades in such a short time-frame. Additionally, if they did, then the only people currently out of pocket if they held are those that bought from 900-1200 and that was more or less over a two week period. Worst case scenario, if they bought at the peak and held, is they lost ~30% of their value.
I agree that the price movements are crazy though, but I'd actually argue that the price movements are actually the least interesting parts of Bitcoin, the adoption, the political/legal manoeuvring of nations around it, devices, software, the blackmarket, scams, success stories, intrigue, new innovations via bitcoin/blockchain, wallstreet, celebrities, ATMs etc. are truly, far more exciting and interesting compared to a number moving up and down (that is interesting, don't get me wrong, just not *that* interesting). 2013 was such an amazing year for Bitcoin, I struggle to forsee how Bitcoin will change the world this year, because it's already smashed most of my expectations :)
@_date: 2014-09-29 03:22:25
Never invest more than you are willing to lose. It's been said since 2010 and no-one disagrees with it so it's been consistent advice since Bitcoin became a thing. Anyone that does so has absolutely no reason to obsess over the price, and can instead enjoy using Bitcoin. Pretty simple really.
The noise you are hearing is everyone that *didn't* follow that advice, or are trolls just trying beat up fear for some schnadefreudian fun because mods refuse to filter out trolling, so I'd strongly advise people to NOT use as a reliable and unemotional information source. 
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:44:36
If you don't like the way Bitcoin is developed and you think it can be done better, then you have obviously not spent much time being exposed to Bitcoin development in general. I've watched it evolve over 4+ years. Crowdfunding cryptocoin development will not produce incentives to spur further development as you would think it would, I know because I've seen what happens when these types of projects try.


If that is all you have to say then I'm not going to bother expending any more energy on the subject. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 08:45:10


["... if you start to re-characterize week after week after week after week after week, you start to think of someone, you're slightly sullen and disagree, you don't like them very much anyway, and you're constantly getting the idea that they're not actually human. Then it seems, it becomes possible to do things to them that are we would call completely unhuman, inhuman, and lacking humanity..."](
If you start excusing your bad behaviour, deflecting to other inhuman acts to avoid acknowleging your own bad behaviour, then you are setting yourself up to walk down the same path.
Edit: Black and white fallacies is not a valid defence, especially when we are not even talking about Bitcoin, we are talking about how people treat each other here, and how labels based on ideology are often used to muddy discussions.
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:52:36
Ah, the ad-hominem eh? Run out of reasoned logic so it's onto the probing for flaws? I figure I just copy-paste because you're saying exactly the same thing. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:00:33
Depends, if you are running a linux distro like ubuntu, the [steps are very simple]( otherwise you'll probably need to wait for the official release which really should be any day now.
@_date: 2014-01-11 03:30:13
Bitcoin is like a greased pig when it comes to controlling it. 
Heavily regulating will not hurt Bitcoin businesses, it will only hurt themselves as Bitcoin simply innovates in a different country. Canada is a perfect example of a country reaping the fruits of America's stupidity.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:35:41
Then recommend away, I'm listening.
@_date: 2014-10-12 15:55:05
All of my friends did too. Every time I tried to explain it to them they patiently listened, but I could *feel* them rolling their eyes at me, and lo and behold it was only after Bitcoin got on the news that they expressed their scepticism. Ignore your dad, unless he's actually read the whitepaper at the very least (and understood it), his opinion should mean absolutely zilch.
FYI, I find people that even acknowledge they are in a Mensa club are dumb as fuck. Why do I say this? Because "smart" people aren't capable of independent thought, they are smart because they jump through the right hoops people tell them to. They are the epitome of sheep.
Lead by example, don't wait for someone to give you the ok to use Bitcoin, just start using it, gain benefit from it, and ignore people that try to hold you back. Don't be a retard though, only risk what you can afford to lose ;)
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:23:33
Banks often go poof. I wouldn't say people are stupid, but they've been incredibly naive and lazy. I've typed here continually that storing your money on any online service is a terrible idea. I've never done so, even in the reeeeeealy early days, like before mybitcoin was the first online wallet that scammed thousands of coins from trusting users. I always store them offline, and I have every single one of them, and that's going on 3+ years. Managing your own coins is laughably easy and nowhere near as difficult as people claim. It is simply an excuse, and a flimsy one to avoid spending a few hours getting set up and doing it yourself. There are many programs that have offline wallets and offline transactions that are extremely easy to use. I don't accept the "it's too complex and time consuming" argument.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:52:36
It could have been that they were trying to kill two birds with one stone. Audit to prove the funds are theirs and in the process get the funds to a more secure address, perhaps an m-of-n address to make it more secure, and it was a good opportunity to do both.
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:39:16
My argument for a smaller denomination is that when it comes to currency denominations, fractions is supposed to be for really small amounts. Yet what we have is a situation where everyone is forced to use fractions for even large amounts of value, and this occurs nearly all of the time now. Back 4 years ago, this was much less of a problem, 0.01 was almost worthless back in the day, but now, 0.001 can still buy things, and this means that the smaller amounts we work with, the more difficult it is to work with those numbers, nowadays we are continually having to trade fractions of a Bitcoin and it is much harder to gauge value with a fraction because we find it far easier to wrap our head around whole numbers than fractions. Adding to a whole number is FAR easier than adding to a fraction.
Saying 1 USD = 0.00284090 BTC is not easy to look at, but if converted to bits, 1 USD = 2,840.9 bits. We've suddenly dropped the zeroes on both sides (something that is going to be a growing problem, as the value goes up we are going to continually see more and more zeros, and have to deal with smaller and smaller fractions). I can easily do the math for 10 USD by simply pushing the decimal down, thus expanding the number from 2,840.9 bits to 28,409 bits rather than using a fraction where I have to do the mental gymnastics of moving the entire number up, relative to where the decimal is so 0.00284090 BTC to 0.02840900 BTC. Moving one decimal down, compared to a complete number up (as well as additional hassles of keeping track of vital zeros) is infinitely easier. Not to mention we can delineate using commas to separate the number, in fractions, all you get is a blob of numbers with no additional help. We don't do all our trade with fractions of 100 dollar notes, I don't say, I'll buy a coffee for 0.035 of a hundred dollar note, so why should we make things unnecessarily hard for everyone when we want to work with smaller numbers? 
 
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:27:23
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-11-02 20:01:44
If you want to continue this discussion I expect you to provide peer reviewed and solid evidence to refute the links and arguments I've provided thus far, otherwise I'll presume you have nothing to offer on your side of the argument.
Let me leave you with this parting shot from the previously linked paper's conclusion which you obviously didn't even take the time to read.


10 shows the number of new usernames for Litecoin-mining
malware discovered in the Emerging Threats database every
month, where the first Litecoin-mining malware was found in
July 2012. Beginning in April 2013, its clear that the significant
uptick in Litecoin-mining malware suggests increased botnet
interest in Litecoin. Figure 11 is the recent Litecoin analog to
Figure 9, showing the revenue per day per KH/s for a Litecoin
miner. In contrast to Bitcoin, which witnessed a collapse in
revenue due to the influx of ASIC miners, the revenue per
KH/s for Litecoin has experienced fewer drastic fluctuations
@_date: 2014-01-05 13:26:55
I think it's more the case that he wants to have a rant at every person that points out how the user could have avoided the theft as being somehow dismissive/condescending/uber complex, etc.
People being lemmings when there are warnings *everywhere* to be super careful about security is not our fault, and by and large, people here have for years, tirelessly, been repeating these things.
Unfortunately, people with sloppy security only decide to tighten things up after the worst happens. Honestly, it gets frustrating.
Case in point, in the last day, one guy lost 7k and another 30k from web wallets, and to rub salt into the user's wound, the cause was sloppy security on the user's part. *Who keeps thousands of dollars in web wallets!?!??*. That amount of money should have been put in cold storage a looong time ago.
@_date: 2014-01-10 02:02:14
It is distributed, pools are like ant nests, they are held together by the pool operator acting honestly. If the pool operator acts against the larger group by endangering the stability/security of the network, or mistreating it's workers, you still have thousands of rational actors that will whip the rug out from under them if needed.
A pool operator is not a benevolent dictator or a ceo that can fire people at will, he/she is beholden to their user base, not the other way round. There's no need to guess who's looking after the system, at the very least miners that worry about who they can trust could cycle pools they run on every several hours if they wanted to. And of course p2pool.
There is no story here.
@_date: 2014-12-26 07:56:52
I almost never tip anyone, and when I do, it is because they did something helpful. I'm not a charity. Check my post history before you start with the name calling.
But nice attempt at trying to act all indignant and superior. How's that righteous and moral outrage working for you?
@_date: 2014-12-07 12:01:55
If you don't find Bitcoin useful then don't use it. Simple. Expecting us to win you over is not our job. As Satoshi said years ago. 
["If you don't believe me or don't get it, I don't have time to try to convince you, sorry."](
Come back to bitcoin in a few years, maybe you'll find it more useful then.
@_date: 2014-03-16 07:20:44
If I had no stake in Bitcoin, I'd find a way to have a stake in Bitcoin, because the price is not the only way of making money. Fact is, it lowers the barrier to entry for all businesses that use it, essentially breaking financial monopolies, allows unprecedented spending freedom, has impressive pseudonymity, allows for anyone to mine, so even if the value had remained static, you could mine at a profit, is incredibly fast compared to other online payment methods, has tiny fees when transacting, and no-one can stop/seize your money. On top of that I'd be saving heaps on bank fees, wire fees, account keeping fees, overdraft fees, and whatever else other fees they want to lump onto me for the pleasure of doing business with them.
One of the hugest criticisms of outsiders is the volatility, think about that for a second, if there was guaranteed zero volatility, Bitcoin would have probably spread 10 times faster as a result. But in reality volatility has actually been the biggest driving force of Bitcoin's growth. None of the things we have today would have existed if people could not have had the opportunity to increase the value and usefulness of their coins, or have made a profit from it somehow. It had to be bootstrapped somehow from nothing and price discovery had to happen in a decentralised manner too, giving a bitcoin a fixed price would have been impossible.
I strongly suggest you check out the whitepaper if you feel it is a symptom of tech bubble 2.0 and dismiss it as easily as a fad. The technology is not a fad, it is a workable solution to a communications problem that everyone thought impossible to solve, and it is the antithesis of centralised systems, no government, corporation, or agenda driven billionaire is going to co-opt it since centralised systems are always going to better serve them and their ends.
Bitcoin, the currency, and the tech is going nowhere, it is just too damn useful.
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:30:38
Completely agree, unfortunately we have many people trying to shove political slogans down users' throats, and continual politicisation of Bitcoin here. I'm quite certain if we can at least tone down the political flag waving, that would go a long way towards giving Bitcoin a more savoury image. It's not about politics at the end of the day anyway, it's about monetary freedom. 99/100 people really don't care if Bitcoin is going to destroy the banks, they just want to get $50 to their son so he can buy his steam game. Calling it gold 2.0 is also a bad idea IMO because that only resonates with existing gold users. It really needs to focus on freedom, speed, and security (blockchain).
TBH, I think there is still a ways to go usability wise before we can be confidently spruiking Bitcoin to the masses, maybe when Trezor is released and there's near universal support (and maybe a few competitors) we can as an industry say Bitcoin is safe and easy to send with zero chances of theft, because theft of funds is the big one that really concerns me. I think once that is finally licked, there's only the volatility left to worry about, which should also hopefully smooth out over the next few years.
Disclaimer: I don't hate libertarians, an-caps, or any other political leaning, just sick of the fanatics.
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:49:32
I think the more pertinent question is what worthwhile tricks can alts do better than Bitcoin, that can't be integrated into Bitcoin in the future? I've seen all the alts come and go, and I'm still yet to be impressed by any of them.
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:13:15
So your argument is it's too hard to grasp so the general public wont use it? Bullshit.
So was the internet, computers. Any new innovative technology has a learning called for obvious reasons.
I could use the same argument about how newspapers in the 1700s are a niche technology that will never be embraced by the general population since the vast majority of them couldn't read or write. Anyone from that time could make exactly the same comments you did to justify dismissing newspapers as a fad, niche, incapable of reaching a mainstream audience.
Fun fact. I tried to send 22 pound via paypal a couple weeks ago. Took me 1.5 weeks from start to finish, I needed a bank account, which needed a drivers licence, I had to register and confirm my bank acct. with PP and visit the bank multiple times to get the confirmation code (3 visits and 3 days later), then had to transfer AUD from my bank to PP (another 5 days later it showed up). THEN send the money to the guy in the UK which had the added fun-ness of the shitty conversion rate where PP stole their "fees" and, yay me, the conversion rate varied over that 5 days such that I couldn't even precisely send 22 pound because even though I transferred a little more to cover the chance of variance, I still ended up sending less than necessary (luckily the guy was forgiving enough and didn't mind).
Oh yeah, and it gets even better, I was doing it on behalf of a friend who didn't have a CC.
Fuck paypal, fuck credit cards, and fuck banks. I had to bleed, plead, and wait in line, and this is what NORMAL people do. And no, I couldn't do it any other way my friend told me he had to use paypal.
If I wanted to send Bitcoin, it would have taken a total of a couple of hours for my friend since he had no wallet, and minutes if I were just doing my friend a favour.
Last little plot twist too. I found out after sending a message with the PP funds that I hoped he would accept Bitcoin in the future, and found out later from my friend that he actually did. :/
Bitcoin, even at it's current efficiency and learning curve, is going to tear the payment industry a new one and can't come soon enough.
@_date: 2014-11-07 10:47:05
I [commented]( on [this]( 9 [months]( ago.
I am not impressed at all by Ethereum for the above reasons and nothing since I last commented I've become even more averse to what Ethereum is doing.
As an experiment it is interesting since it pursues the "what if Bitcoin had become a turning complete system?" question), but as a product, it is snakeoil. On par to ASIC pre-order, Cloud mining, and other pump/dump coins.
@_date: 2014-10-27 10:50:39
Something downward pressure also does is stabilize the price as the more risk averse lose interest in Bitcoin, AKA "shaking out the weak hands". In 2011 after Bitcoin's long protracted drop to 2 USD it remained steady for a long time (nearly a year) even though there was twice the amount of inflation compared to now. From august 2011 to august 2012 the price hovered around 5 USD, I highly doubt that Bitcoin will continue dropping considering that liquidity in 2011-2012 was pitiful compared to now, money can get in to react to changes in the market far faster than compared to 3 years ago, and many more exchanges helps to keep the market honest. Bitcoin's increased utility and safety is also going to prevent downward pressure as it's becoming far less prone to thefts and losses of coins. I think part of the reason Bitcoin's price has scaled back the way it has is because we are still feeling the effects of the Mt Gox collapse, Mt Gox wiped out a huge amount of liquidity and took many Bitcoins and users out of the system, filling that hole with new users, liquidity, and Bitcoins is still happening, and only now are we starting to move past it.
New money entering the system does play a large part in price, but as 2011 showed even when liquidity was tiny, slow, unreliable, centralised (MT Gox was the only reliable exchange back then), almost purely speculative and constantly being hammered by the block reward inflation, Bitcoin was still able to hold it's value, and spur innovation which helped propel it to where it is today.
@_date: 2014-03-31 01:44:49
And yet people prefer to shop at stores for fake "rewards points" because they use a credit card. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:33:21
It can't be all bad. Surely two is better than one.
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:26:50
Trezor guys! We need youuuuuuuu!!!......
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:30:36
I still agree with you though, women demonstrate very little interest in computer science/programming/cryptography/cryptocurrency research, but I guess they are out there.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:23:44
Then hide in a corner and not go outside if you are terrified the world is going to hurt you. All you are doing is trying to tap into everyone's fear and taking cheap shots at me for helping OP get the info he was looking for. 
If you want to use that laughable argument to not use a Trezor then why not attack the source? Satoshi also could have borked Bitcoin's implementation somewhere or is simply lying in wait to sabotage the Bitcoin network with his special sauce magic numbers he specially inserted that we all depend on. And why should we trust him? He's completely ANONYMOUS, yet, we do, that's because we can read the code, and we know exactly what the Bitcoin code does. All you are doing is fear-mongering (badly I might add).
There will always be a level of risk and a level of trust required when doing anything. If you aren't willing to accept that, sit in a darkened room rocking back and forth shunning all human contact. Or the more rational for everyone but you, approach things with an open mind but ensure you always consider the risks when trying something new, rather than charging in blindly.
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:19:53
Yep, he's also disrupted the hard fork that enabled multisig and caused Gavin all manner of headaches in the process. He's also used his pool's hashing power to destroy a scamcoin arguably misusing the hashpower of other users for his own gain.
All that said though, he is still a strong Bitcoin supporter, even when he was disrupting the fork to multisig he was doing so because he was trying to push his own version of multisig which he, and others considered better.
He's not anti Bitcoin but he is also not one to be silent and play nice if he disagrees either. He's kind of like Rorschach in Mystery men :) he's on Bitcoin's side, but he has no compunction with lashing out at allies or going his own way if people disagree with his way of doing things. I dislike how he handles things, but I also recognise his valuable contributions to, and support of Bitcoin have helped to get Bitcoin where it is today. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 13:44:22




@_date: 2014-02-10 17:32:00
I think so too (I am also a geek, play DnD and a bad developer ;) ), Karpeles should not be the target of people's anger/frustration. Mt Gox is not one man.
That said, Mt Gox has screwed the pooch big time and whoever concocted that press release needs to clear out their desk. Likewise for those that let such debauched coding get to the state it is in currently.
Edit: oops, mixed up names.
@_date: 2014-03-24 07:27:26
Indeed, I said much the same thing months ago and got [laughed at]( I bet he's not feeling so smug now...
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:48:12
I'm surprised at the number of amateur mistakes (if the article is correct), is this simply because the operator really was not good at op sec and he is just one of the weaker security ones (even though it was well known), or was it parallel construction at work?
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:20:16
It is actually an evolution over the original protocol. If you look back, you'll find that pools were an evolution on single user mining that helped to mitigate early centralisation because GPU farms were getting much of the block rewards back then.
Without pools, the network would have become far more centralised, far sooner. There really is no technical solution that can mitigate the current scenario. It is more a game theory/political one now, that said, the concern is really overblown, (though still something to be taken seriously), considering the strongest actors with the most power are pools, not single miners, the threat is actually rather small. Pools are masses of individual miners that are fully rational, that are more than capable of switching pools. The pool operator is not a dictator, nor can he punish dissent among miners, quite the opposite.
@_date: 2014-11-30 12:00:20
Seems [my prediction]( came true though.


@_date: 2014-02-23 13:58:15
Never store your goddamned bitcoins on an exchange, **EVER**.
The amount of times I say this and we still have multitudes of people that still don't listen. It staggers the mind. If you are a trader, I somewhat understand, but you should have already been well aware of the risks and Gox's history, fiat withdrawals have been a several month long saga for Gox, the writing was already on the wall that the fiat liquidity was intermittent and incredibly slow at best.
I hope you guys get your money back but I fucking swear, you better have learned your lesson this time.
**Never store your goddamned bitcoins on an exchange, EVER**.
@_date: 2014-11-08 03:08:43
The price will eventually go up as Bitcoin continues to grow, but Bitcoin's markets are still slow to respond since it is so small, both in liquidity, and user base. There's still uncertainty and other developments that are yet to mature. As Bitcoin becomes more widely spread they will become scarcer and we will see the markets calm down more and more over time. In a couple of years I'm hoping price swings of 30% in a few days will be rare, but for now, I think we have to expect price growth spurts, and sudden drops for a while yet.
I think the fall of Mt Gox is one of the big reasons the price has backtracked. Literally hundreds of thousands of Bitcoins and millions ofcapital was taken out of circulation. It was a huge blow to Bitcoin's image, and a lot of people got badly burnt by the situation. Even though lots of coins were taken out of circulation, it also meant that the scattering effect that took years to accomplish, was much diminished (all because people foolishly kept their money with MtGox), and concentrated the available coins in the hands of other users, thus making the markets less liquid and less able to react to those people that spent their coins.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:37:55
As I said to MrDiddyK,


This does in fact provide liquidity and it get's merchants exposed to the benefits of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-21 03:08:02
Well, they should probably start caring because in the world we live in it doesn't take much to start a backlash, or get trumped up charges levelled against you based on heresay alone. Media loves a scandal even at the best of times when it's obviously a beat up. Besides, this is basic PR stuff, it doesn't take a genius to know that Darkmarket is going to portray a criminal image, they may as well have said Black market and be done with it.
Those with an agenda don't care about truth or honor or conscience. If you don't get into the trenches and fight as dirty as they are willing to fight, you will always be on the back foot. And it's hardly deceptive to use a tamer name, they obviously used the most inflamatory name possible with no consideration about the kind of negative image it would protray.
I have seen so many purposefully misleading and sensationalised articles on Bitcoin it leaves me with no doubt that the media's bias is not simply misunderstanding. A large slice of the media has an agenda hidden under the guise of reporting and Bitcoin is a convenient scapegoat for them.
That said, their work was been fantastic, Amir especially has contributed immensely to Bitcoin wrt anonymity and other areas, so he has huge props from me, he helped pioneer electrum, stealth addresses, coinjoin, etc., I just wish he and others would tone down the rhetoric, because at the end of the day, it's unnecessary and harmful IMO.
@_date: 2014-11-03 02:45:36
People don't have a vested interest to secure their desktop machines against mining, mining malware and a users desktop usage can still co-exist without the user ever caring, ASIC miners have a 100% vested interest in securing their mining rigs against hacking. Besides that, the attack surface of ASICs means it will (finally) cost hackers significant effort to make such attempts. Thus again demonstrating that ASICs keep the playing field level for everyone.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:33:10
True, it is a whopper, but Mt gox shutting does not ruin Bitcoin's liquidity, last year prompted many minor exchanges to step up when Gox collapsed under it's own weight so we have lots of liquidity to keep the wheels of Bitcoin commerce turning. This is what worried me most last April when Gox shat itself.
With Gox being defunct, people can still do business without it affecting other services, so really, it's only Gox, and it's users that have huge problems right now. Unfortunately Gox is synonymous with Bitcoin so it's failure is rubbing off on Bitcoin's reputation, but I believe that is temporary, just like Bitcoinica, pirateat40, mybitcoin, and silk road was continually associated with Bitcoin when they were around.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:55:03
Physical Bitcoins, as long as you trust the issuer, could be considered offchain too since you only need to trust the issuer, and thereafter, transfers don't need third parties, paper wallets could be classified like that if they were made more secure too.
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:18:24
The other big thing to keep in mind is that the [life expectancy]( of currencies is around 27 years, with all currencies' value succumbing to inflation over the long term. Considering it will still likely be inflating beyond 30 years means the currency, by all metrics is phenomenally successful and that the gradual decrease in inflation has not in the least hurt it's adoption or stability, by then the gradual reduction of Bitcoin's money supply should be priced in already so that it has little effect on the price.
Besides, if they think that a currency with constant inflation is a good idea there any number of other Bitcoin knockoffs that do this. No-one is putting a gun, either physical/psychological/legal/ethical/ or metaphysical to people's heads saying that they should use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:40:50
Yes, the blockschain size is always the sticking issue. I'm not too worried though. Even Satoshi envisaged an era where essentially supernodes served clients with partial blockchains that were still incredibly secure. And there is a lot of potential for blockchains to even be recreated from multitudes of partial nodes.
Imagine a scenario where the blockchain is not only served by supernodes, but also filled in by partial nodes that are the clients themselves. There is no rulle that you need a full node to fill in the gaps, just like bittorrents, peers that aren't seeders fill in the gaps when there are no seeders around to get other peers up to speed.
The same thing will likely happen with Bitcoin nodes. Super nodes fill in the gaps when necessary, and millions of client nodes will trickle in the information on the blockchain they know to create a full picture for the node in need.
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:04:57
I'm aware of these statements and I'm satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that he said this ~~from a third person perspective~~ as an outsider.
The first, "[Bitcoin is] very attractive to the libertarian viewpoint if we can explain it properly. I'm better with code than with words though." , he refers to "we" being himself and others, referring to libertarians, as "them", meaning he see them as other persons that he is not apart of, if he did consider himself part of that group he would/could/should have said, 
* "[Bitcoin is] very attractive to **[other]** libertarians if we can explain it properly. ..."  
* or "[Bitcoin is] very attractive to the libertarian viewpoint if we can explain it to **[other libertarians]** properly. ..." 
* or "[Bitcoin is] very attractive to **[libertarians]**, if we can explain it properly. ..." (this one sounds kind of neutral, but if he really was neutral he likely would have used this kind of wording over the wording he actually uses).
He very clearly speaks as an outsider. Edit: "the libertarian viewpoint" is not what someone says when referring to others that share their views, it has a distinct distancing to it, and he phrases it as him and others explaining it to "the libertarian[s]".
The other statement.
"Yes, [we will not find a solution to political problems in cryptography,] but we can win a major battle in the arms race and gain a new territory of freedom for several years. Governments are good at cutting off the heads of a centrally controlled networks like Napster, but pure P2P networks like Gnutella and Tor seem to be holding their own." 
He speaks form a viewpoint that he wants Bitcoin to succeed, speech of battles and arms races are an injection of others channeling their own desires. Metaphorical in light of the legal "battles" file sharers have had to fight. His reference to governments cutting off heads of other networks is purely referring to p2p file sharing, which it is likely where "Bit"coin got it's name from, in all likelihood a borrowing of the name "Bit"torrent. 
Injecting  [we will not find a solution to political problems in cryptography,] is not Satoshi's words, and is misleading. The full quote is [here]( where he reply's to someone who says,
"You will not find a solution to political problems in cryptography." 
and he replies, "Yes, but we can win a major battle in the arms race and gain a new territory of freedom for several years.
Governments are good at cutting off the heads of a centrally controlled networks like Napster, but pure P2P networks like Gnutella and Tor seem to be holding their own."
He knew that Banks and governments would not react favourably to a new form of money (just like the entrenched music industry went on a crusade against file sharing, as he refers to), case in point, liberty dollar and e-gold both got pulled down before Satoshi's creation went live so it's very likely he knew of it (and is very likely why he concealed his identity), speculating beyond that is bias IMO.
@_date: 2014-11-19 18:43:00
Alright then. I'll stop with the BS then.
I don't really like being childish either. But even though I've not been on the receiving end of coin loss, I've definitely seen more than my fair share of people come here to recount their losses and it's not been easy seeing people despair over such loss. 
It sucks the big one.
Your obstinance and priggishness on the subject however polarised my views on this particular situation. I am open minded but your lack of sincere and instead openly biased discussion locked me into defence of OP.
These situations are not black and white, there will be scenarios where a buyer *should* give the coins back, but in this particular situation, this is not one of them. The law and the general situation favour’s the OP and unfortunately Bitcoin is an all or nothing deal, if the seller does find his coins spirited away his recourse is limited, but this is the consequences of using Bitcoin. It's the price users pay for Bitcoin's benefits so the best cure is simply to do your utmost to keep your funds safe.
@_date: 2014-10-10 15:50:39


@_date: 2014-02-26 07:59:28
Can confirm.
Source: Am also a ferret.
P.S. I do not know Mark personally, so please don't try to bribe me for the Gox coins, that is handled by a completely different ferret who I have no personal affiliation with.
@_date: 2014-12-06 16:58:02
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:58:20
In the next couple of years I expect 10-20k because the network is barely running at 0.5 tps right now. It still has heaps of room to grow. And it should also be pointed out that it is not tied to any one country's economy, it is a worldwide currency, so adoption has far more reach than any one country, especially considering the barrier to entry is so low. Speculative buying has also been a driving force for growth, I've seen it often enough now that a surge in interest creates an initial spike in value, and that is used or spent to reinvest in infrastructure, whether that be new businesses, software projects (trezor for example), mining advances (ASIC chips have mainly been funded by Bitcoins), or simply commerce.
One thing that bitcoin has done, and continually, is cause large surges in growth, fuelled purely by speculative forces. In the last year alone we've seen a 25-30X increase in price. It is not impossible that in 2-3 years we'll see the price increase 50x to 50k. Bitcoin is still innovating in leaps and bounds, and the adoption cycle still indicates we are in the innovator phase still.
Besides, I once thought 1k was fantasyland stuff. Things change.
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:07:33
So is milli, micro, nano, and a bunch of other words that can be used in a multitude of different contexts. Saying it is already taken is a poor argument, and saying it is going to cause confusion is also just as weak.
Circle.com doesn't seem to be suffering any confusion with their user base when it comes to using a word with multiple meanings BTW. And neither is coinbase.com, OR blockchain.info who both stole the terms from Bitcoin originally.
@_date: 2014-09-20 08:22:36
Indeed, I never bought into the alt-coin BS, etherium, ripple etc. 
I'm far more into what happens next in the Bitcoin space. The materialisation of the Trezor (awesome little device BTW), Open Bazaar, Lighthouse, Colored coins, multisig integration into wallets, the VC innovations happening all over the world, the newest, shiniest mining chips to hit the streets, more points of entry into Bitcoin via ATMs, Circle, and other new exchanges/brokers, hell, even the ETF stuff. All these things are undoubtedly cementing Bitcoin's value, and I'm betting there will be a bunch of new innovations yet to be released/discovered down the line too. If the markets lack prespective (a year and a half ago the only real exchange out there was MtGox, now we have dozens of new exchanges/businesses trading Bitcoin) and willfuly turn a blind eye to these things in preference to staring at charts all day, then I'd be far happier if they exited the market completely, because they obviously don't know what true value-adding looks like.
@_date: 2014-11-02 19:05:41
You've offered no evidence for such a viable outcome because I have very clearly outlined that pure CPU mining was doomed without ASICs. Decentralisation relies on one thing and one thing ONLY.
A level playing field. It is bleedingly obvious that botnets provide an unlevel playing field. Absent a level playing field for all participants how can you possibly justify the existence of a decentralised network??
Seriously, you need to answer this question before you even consider anything else. I'll repeat it. 
ABSENT A **LEVEL PLAYING FIELD FOR ALL PARTICIPANTS** HOW CAN YOU JUSTIFY THE EXISTENCE OF A DECENTRALISED NETWORK?
Because bitcoin mining is purely based on economic incentives, as long as all the players have the same barriers to entry, there is no way to force a monopoly. The adoption of sha256 enables this in a number of ways.
* sha256 is public domain, anyone can design chips on this algorithm. 
* No single country has a monopoly on chip manufacture.
* the cost to entry is not barred to small startups. The costs are significant but not insurmountable.
* The efficiencies are such that even when one startup produces an ASIC, others can still make them more efficient.
* chip production is incredibly cheap after design costs, and given the openness to chip manufacture, those that bring a chip to market are more incentivised to sell the chips rather than mine because mining over the long term is less profitable compared to having to race against the hash rate.
CPUs making a network decentralised will not happen, unless CPU devices become 100% secure, and unless it becomes cheaper to produce CPUs compared to ASICs (if CPU's become 100% secure and as cheap to produce as ASICs then maybe) but that day is likely to never happen.
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:31:46
We've all been there dude. In my case, my friends were deeply sceptical, and one even defiantly claimed "it will fail!". I stopped trying to defend it to him and simply said "we'll see". A year later he had completely come round. :D
Unfortunately a lot of people have a herd mentality, they need someone to take the first step, or at least need to see someone do it first before they begin considering it.
Trying to convince someone out of the blue that bitcoin is awesome is not the best way to convince them, since I'm sure it often sounds like you're selling them something. Instead lead by example, and show them material benefits that are impossible to ignore. Their next birthday buy them something with bitcoin and make sure they are aware you used "magic internet money" to get them a $50 gift card. If someone is looking to send money home/receive money from overseas, suggest Bitcoin as an option. If a friend is pissed about chargebacks when selling on ebay, suggest bitcoin etc.
A lot of people simply can't be won over by logic alone, they need to be shown irrefutable evidence that can't be swatted away with a casual throwaway comment.
@_date: 2014-12-12 16:32:15
Absolutely, they have even less of a reason not to compared to most businesses, and their products have a natural chargeback feature anyway, so the risk on their end really is zero. There are businesses that already take bitcoin that are taking on far more risk than Steam ever will.
As you say, they'd be pretty stupid not to, especially at this stage. Sure 2 years ago it was niche and bleeding edge, but their risk and uncertainty compared to the upside now makes them look like they are fearful and stagnant.
Steam could gain much by embracing Bitcoin and they really have few, to no excuses not to.
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:26:54
Got mine from Millennius, it's a great device imo.
@_date: 2014-02-20 11:42:21
Can you or someone explain the significance? Does this mean their IPO is moving forward? How significant is it?
@_date: 2014-03-28 17:20:57


So, not $300. $30,000 actually, I'm afraid you're going to have to up your game. You you, are a champ. :)
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:18:14
Lumber, corn, and oil do not make good forms of currency, that is why merchants don't use it.
It's not gold's adoption by merchants that makes it valuable, it's gold's properties as a good money that makes it valuable at the end of the day. What it is traded for, or whatever market it is used in is irrelevant, the only thing it needs to establish is that it has as many properties of a good money as possible, the only real difference between the two is that the market for Bitcoin is tiny and gold's history is much longer thus it's had a much longer time to establish it's reputation. Small markets move easily and most of it is because of speculation, but as more people have coins, and they become more widely distributed, large holders have less ability to move the market. Speculators and weak hands can't shift markets for long, moving around of coins and getting into as many different hands as possible is what will help stabilise Bitcoin, and it is slowly happening.
As I said before, merchants aren't going to get scared away, Bitpay et al. shield them from any volatility and this gets their toe in the water at no risk to themselves, this provides a little more liquidity which makes the market a little bit larger and means Bitcoin becomes a little more valuable, thus it is more worthwhile to use it, or is an alternative when trading with that merchant. All these little things add up and have been for years now. 
You are only looking at the last [several months]( zoom out to the last 4 years and it looks [far different]( Put it in a log scale and it becomes [even clearer]( Bitcoin is undeniably growing at a very fast rate. I know this for a fact because I was around when it was 1 USD/BTC, and I can tell you, the Bitcoin ecosystem, software development-wise, mining-wise, merchant risk-wise, public knowledge-wise, exchange-wise etc. is utterly and completely dwarfed by it's current incarnation, the Bitcoin of 3.5 years ago simply cannot hold a candle to the Bitcoin of today, and what's more it is impossible to undo all those years of work and knowledge. It's growing, so stop with the doom and glooming already. I have seen it evolve firsthand. The arguments and excuses you spin are the same things people said 3 years ago, they were wrong then, and those arguments are wrong now.
@_date: 2014-03-21 14:47:02
Yes, and they (the government) can bark at that fire hydrant (Bitcoin) all they like, their politics/legislation is not going to make it disappear, only the people that use it can decide it's ultimate fate.
Use a federal reserve note and you are beholden to it's laws, purchasing power, terms of transmission, method of storage, and it's government's monetary policies.
Bitcoin never accedes to any political power, or faction.
@_date: 2014-01-27 15:54:06


That is eerily similar to my experience too. 
I've gotten really tired of arguments like OPs that argue semantics like it actually matters. They are like people from 3 years ago screaming it looks like a pyramid scheme. Now that they are flat out wrong they still cling to this desperate rationalisation out of embarrassment, bitterness, or whatever. Now it's people from long ago saying Bitcoin will never be worth $1000 backtracking trying to rationalise that Bitcoins hold no worth because many merchants convert them back to dollars on payment. 
This shit is getting old. What it is used for and how it is used, and when it is used, and how big the payments are and who it is used with doesn't mean shit.
They're useful, and because they are useful, they have value (and the free market will determine what that value will be). And yes, if they become useful and in demand enough, they really could go "to the moon".
@_date: 2014-10-01 13:53:10
As a long time saver, I 100% agree. Money velocity is good, but shouldn't be the be all and end all, gold's velocity is shitty, but no-one is crying about it because it is still scarce, velocity will never change that. If liquidity of the markets doesn't increase, then savers are going to be the ones that push the value up. Governments/banks might *think* that they are the gatekeepers to keeping the value of Bitcoin low by switching off the taps on their end, but the reality is that the value can be forced up by those that save in Bitcoin.
Spending is important, but saving in Bitcoin is going to make just as much a difference, perhaps even more nowadays. The best thing is to do both, find ways to spend bitcoin on things you'd usually buy with fiat, and save as much as you can afford to lose in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:41:05
Thanks, no blog I'm just an avid longtime user :)
@_date: 2014-10-16 15:03:54


Da fuck? And the hacker just happened to hack the hot wallet (with perfect timing) that had it's entire holdings liquidated to Bitcoins and placed on the live servers to prove solvency? My bullshit meter is at 11/10 right now. I smell either an inside job, or a con. Who the fuck would ever do something like this?
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:53:08
Like I've already said, he is a businessman and not a director of the Bitcoin foundation or whatever, he is like any businessman, he is there to make a profit. If this makes you uncomfortable then get out of Bitcoin now because there is going to be an avalanche of others like him in the coming years finding new ways to profit off of the network and blockchain.
He didn't cause a fork. He pushed up transaction levels such that the block size rose faster than normal. When the switch to the new version happened and everyone realised the transition from 0.7 to 0.8 was borked *that* is what caused the fork. Not Vorhees, he actually did the network a service because it revealed a critical bug far sooner than what would have happened. Imagine a year from now where this bug lies dormant, and Bitcoin finally hits the mainstream then. Bam, the network goes offline and the confidence in the network vanishes. Far better sooner than later, so stop with the Erik was a bad man because he bloated the blockchain BS.
Pegging the blame on Vorhees is about as untruthful as it gets. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 14:55:48
Tell me about it. :P I've become very hardened against trolls nowadays (and it seems I'm becoming increasingly proficient at reverse trolling too :/ ), it seems that people here think they can get away with saying anything and it's "free speech" even if it's outright abuse, bullying or ad hominem attacks. 
I think a lot of it has to do with the fluctuations in price, I'd found in the past it always calmed down after the price stabilised, but here we are months later and the price is still wriggling like mad. I still have hope the agitators will get bored after the price settles and we can see a return of the good old days, but I guess we'll have to wait and see.
@_date: 2014-03-04 11:30:07
Yeah, I am absolutely wanting to get my hands on one of these. If the Trezor guys do it right and it can be certifiably safe/secure, they're going to make a great deal of money and have the community's praises for years.
@_date: 2014-11-16 07:55:07
I liken the whole Bitcoin-Ethereum BS to the Energy industry passing over Throrium based power to focus on fusion.
Thorium based power is a proven concept, much cleaner/safer/stable than traditional nuclear, but everyone completely ignored it and tried to jump to fusion in one fell swoop because of all of it's purported benefits. What we've ended up with is neither because after literally decades of sunk time and billions upon billions of dollars, they still haven't managed to get fusion going, and as a result Thorium has sat on the shelf, sure they've made progress in fusion, but still no product, and it's certain it will be decades more before even something approaching a working fusion power plant will enter the market (and even then that's still uncertain), yet Thorium was working in the 50s and we could all have saved our planet from disaster (a dream now) and the world could have been rolling in near free energy.
Ethereum is to Bitcoin, what Fusion is to Thorium based tech. Bitcoin can serve the world far better than Ethereum ever will IMO, and it can do it right now, yet some people want to stay at the drawing board making a "better" crypto-whatever, while the world goes to hell in a handbasket. People need something that works, and they need it now, and they want guarantees, not vague hopes. People need to stop trying to invent/perfect technologies that we are clearly not capable of doing properly right now. People pushing Etherium really aren't helping anyone at the moment and all their lofty aspirations will also be what makes Etherium a non-starter, it will hang itself with all of it's promises (in any project you should always under promise and over deliver, Ethereum have done the exact opposite and in many cases this is a death knell to any project).
Luckily most people see the Etherium hype for what it is though. Bitcoin will serve people far better than pinning hopes on a tech that has made multitudes of promises, and has delivered very little (if anything).
@_date: 2014-02-23 02:58:45
I still disagree on it's safety, and it's necessity for what use cases it solves. I come from a CS background and am currently doing my PhD in CS so I have a little experience in the field.
I see it from the perspective of other devs in the past that have proclaimed a radical solution, rushed to implement it by rearranging the entire system, then later someone comes up with a simple, elegant and safe solution to the same problem without any of the complexity involved.
Zerocoin is looking very much like that, the very complex implementation that would've needed a fork of Bitcoin, and was very complex, yet a couple months later major advances with anonymising transactions using the existing Bitcoin system emerge without any major retooling of the protocol crop up, making most of Zerocoins features worthless, (even Zerocoin optimised it's bloaty transactions to 98% of it's previous size, so it would have been a huge mess to rush to integrate Zerocoin off the bat when it was shown to be so badly implemented). Same with Mastercoin and Colored Coins, Same with Ripple and Open Transactions.
Do you see a pattern? Someone tries to reinvent the wheel because they want to spruik a feature that Bitcoin doesn't have and then some time later a native Bitcoin adaptation comes along anyway. This tells me a lot about the motivations of alts and the devs that make and "sell" them. It very plainly seems there are many devs that have dollarsigns in their eyes (or more dangerously, they can no longer see their own ego getting out of hand) and have no real desire to add useful features to the more static and fixed development process Bitcoin has now, a number (though certainly not all) are trying to make fetch happen with their own pet currency, in the hope of emulating the monetary success of Bitcoin so they can make it big and be the next Satoshi.
That is not necessarily bad, but the worst part about this is they will, time and again, compromise on security to innovate in this way. As you can see Bitcoin still continues to innovate, but it's rarely if ever at the cost of the security, or robustness of the blockchain and network. But for alts to distinguish themselves from Bitcoin they *must drastically innovate* to distinguish themselves from Bitcoin. And these devs have shown they are more than happy to take people's money to make fetch happen, even if it's dumb, reckless or irrelevant. To innovate with an alt means you have to make drastic changes to make them feel justified and valid, and that means taking risks. Etherium is a huge risk security wise, and as others have pointed out, it is a minefield, with very little payoff, and most (if not all, given enough time) of these so-called payoffs can be handled by Bitcoin anyway.
If Etherium were simply a smalltime experiment, I'd have no problem with it, but the devs are definitely trying to make serious money off this enterprise. That is bullshit, and when money is on the line they will have a vested interest in being dishonest, hide problems, and ignore warnings to protect the reputation of the projects, rather than the security of the project.
Theoretical and practical implementations are two very different things and just because you can do it doesn't mean you should (or even NEED to). And when millions of dollars are on the line, people will protect their investment, even if it's crap *cough*mastercoin*cough*, and this can lead to coverups especially when the devs make promises they can't deliver down the line.
@_date: 2014-02-04 02:10:16
It needs serious moderation I'm afraid. Many abusive users here have chased off new contributors and sabotaged a lot of good discussions here. Some blame the rise in users and this is true, but with that rise, the mods needed to keep order and a steady hand on excessively bad behaviour.
They failed at doing this utterly, and spectacularly IMO. It is a politically biased free-for-all where ideologists hold up Satoshi as some kind of political messiah come to save them. 
Until mods man up and admit they have a problem that needs tough love to remedy it, I don't think it's going to get much better.
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:45:02
The difference is it is a real solution that can be used now, and considering that it can be utilised immediately, with zero changes, discussion or harm, it is about as ideal as it gets. You complain that the pool operator's hashrate is going to destroy the network with a 51% attack but then bemoan that hashrate is being destroyed  (by witholding valid blocks) because it is not being used to secure the network?!?? It can't be both, if the hashrate (from a valid block being withheld) is "destroyed" by miners that feared it could be used to destroy the network via a 51% attack, then it IS securing the network, and also works to dissuade miners further contributing hash power to a potential malicious actor. And I still think you are overestimating the threat a pools really play in a potential 51% attack. They are a figurehead, a proxy, not a dictatorship and they hold none of the hash power, miners do, and miners are completely autonomous regardless of which pool they are with, pool operators simply can't hijack the network like people want to believe. Only a single entity with massive resources, and the incentive to bring down the network is a real threat. Messing with the network and the core rules is not something you do lightly, and certainly not warranted if all it is meant to do right now is dissuade pool operators from gaining too much hash power, especially when there's a multitude of other very effective solutions to the problem.
Edit: 


The block created by the miner as I understand it inserts the pool's address for where the reward goes, p2pool does it where the block published directly rewards the miners in the pool, so the normal pool pays out the miners, and the miner is paid according to how many valid shares they submit. I don't think that has changed, though please by all means provide a link if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-21 09:36:06
People that say this have no idea how Bitcoin works.
It's like saying, "I love the sweet taste of sugar, but sugar shouldn't be sticky. You need to remove the stickyness from sugar if you want any sugar based products to be successful". If someone said this to you you'd think they're derranged as sweetness and stickyness when it gets wet is not something you can simply separate, you need one for the other to even occur, so when people say the blockchain is great but the bitcoin aspect needs to be/should be removed they clearly have zero grasp of what they are actually talking about as the blockchain security and robustness is intrinsically linked to the bitcoins that make up the blockchain in the first place.
@_date: 2014-02-18 16:46:13
Indeed, this is small potatoes. And with how Bitcoin has improved in only 6 short months, I'm expecting the next 12 to be anything but stale or diminishing for the Bitcoin world.
It still impresses me how for at least 4+ years, trolls, the media, governments, and central banks continually rant, bash, hand wave and "warn" people about Bitcoin, yet it still advances in leaps and bounds.
Once upon a time I found them supremely annoying, now, they are like dogs barking at cars. Just dimwitted animals making noise at something they don't comprehend so that they feel like they have a reason for existing.
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:55:45
I think that is the question on everyone's tongue. I think we will discover the answer eventually but goddamn. I can't believe it was theft, but it is possible they completely fucked their cold storage somehow, or the government has somehow confiscated or prevented Gox from releasing the coins due to ongoing investigations.
If they were simply lost, he'd probably have already come out and said they fucked up, but there's still a good bit of vagueness. He also seems to not be acting like a man under heavy stress, maybe he's a psychopath, but he also may know that the coins will be accessible eventually.
Which one is it? Only a bag of popcorn and time will tell.
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:34:24
lol, you are entertainment for me. I've spent years here and had to deal with trolls for a long time. The fact that that pin has not dropped yet is disappointing, I expected that you'd be sharper than that, but no matter. I take screens and such because trolls are incredibly predictable, it makes it easy to refute trolls that try to strike other's that are unprepared, (trolls *hate* the truth).
@_date: 2014-01-08 02:29:23
I use linux exclusively, and started using bitcoin from version 3.0. I know that had linux versions for both 32 and 64 bit systems, as well as a daemon version that had the beginnings of RPC calls. That was about 18 months after Bitcoin was released so earlier versions could very well have been windows only, I know RPC work was only just starting to get on it's feet back then.
@_date: 2014-07-22 03:28:35
I think the 7tps will eventually be solved, but right now it's still controversial enough that there have been periods where bitcointalk forums practically blew up over the issue, but this is good because people get to voice their concerns, alternative solutions can get their time and be thoroughly discussed, and then when the dust settles, everyone is calmer about it. It is one of the few elephants in the room IMO and it is one of the only worrisome things with regards to Bitcoin's growth. Offchain solutions will help to a large extent, but blockchain transactions still need to grow to accommodate future growth, balancing that with miner needs, the economy's needs, avoiding exploitation (which was the original intention of the block size limit), and keeping the block size within the technological limitations of physical storage and bandwidth is something that can't be rushed. I think this will get solved because I've seen the proposals for myself but when it comes to changing the protocol you are stepping on everyone's feet (not to mention you are essentially breaking the social contract every user agreed to when they started using the Bitcoin network) so it has to be done right the first time and must have everyone on board.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:07:57
Looks like the shibes are not always [fluffy]( and [docile]( :/
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:44:01
Good to hear you're not anti centralised services at least, but I think the tweet implies a far more critical view than your explanation, tweets obviously shouldn't be taken at face value. I think it's the wording of your tweet, and OP's wording of the thread which makes it seem more critical than it is. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 13:00:09
Relevant video 
@_date: 2014-03-22 13:57:43
I'm afraid you've been trolling yourself with your own circular logic, I didn't have to help there.
At the end of the day the result is the same, Bitcoin is politically neutral. It discriminates and panders to noone, can be used by whoever for whatever, however.
Fyi, I don't give a shit about politics, I only care about monetary policy and getting banks out of the little financial niche they've made for themselves so they can rape the economies of the world. If you're a statist, communist, monarchist, libertarian, cryptoanarchist, left, right, whatever, it's irrelevant, because the underlying cause isn't politics, it's the strings tied to the fingers of bankers that make the politicians dance. Bitcoin challenges the banks, not political ideals which is why I get tired of any group parading Bitcoin as some gift from above for their exclusive use. That Bitcoin has somehow blessed their cause and that, by association, their cause is vindicated and will triumph. It's a load of bullshit. People will seek anything as validation for their cause.
BTW, you shouldn't bother trying to take down the state, follow the money, it's the bankers and multibillionaires that have completely fucked the world. Make banks irrelevant such that they can't be used to control the world, and you'll get your governments back, but I'm not naive in thinking the world's richest are going to fade away without a fight, and I'm certain they'll use every trick, institute, media outlet, government, and dirty trick in the book to slow, and eventually kill Bitcoin unless we fight tooth and nail to keep it going. 
That's why it's not simply about politics when it comes to Bitcoin (and why all politics should be removed from the sidebar), it truly is about the money.
@_date: 2014-09-20 15:54:19


Totally agree, a great number of people complained with the naming of darkwallet and darkmarket initially yet the creators were defensive and beligerent. It showed a complete lack of maturity and sensitivity to how names can be used to manipulate the views of the less informed.
I personally considered Free Market to be an even better name choice, but at least Open Bazaar is better than darkmarket. That name is just screaming for journalists that have an axe grind to start writing negatively about decentralised markets. As if it wasn't bad enough when The Silk Road had it's time in the spotlight, and The Silk Road didn't even sound shady. Why you'd want to make Journalist's jobs even easier is beyond dumb, it's practically *looking* to pick a fight.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:40:37
I don't actually disagree with in this instance, but you should be aware that the person behind this account conned users here into giving him money and then [bragged about it later]( It's best to take the advice of people who openly lie to get what they want with a grain of salt.
When wallstreet decides to enter the Bitcoin fray in a way that will move the price is still up in the air. It could be months from now or it could be a year or more.
If you want to be involved in Bitcoin then only risk in Bitcoin time and money you would be comfortable with losing. Bitcoin is undoubtedly growing and evolving so I'm quite certain it will be around for many years to come. We've already moved well past the hobby/curiosity stage as major governments are already positioning themselves to either take advantage of, or deal with Bitcoin now. Once there is more legal certainty surrounding Bitcoin, I think things will change very quickly.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:28:23
Copyright is also regulated to the hilt. Some countries fruitlessly try to lock down on copyright, some countries wholesale ignore it, some pay lip service, but regardless of what each country does, all of them know they can't stop it.
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:30:36
The internet also couldn't handle streaming video during the modem era. 
Somehow they solved these problems so they could scale up. Expect Bitcoin to do the same.
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:41:17
lol, sure thing dude, great refutation of the facts, makes you sound very mature and intelligent when you phrase it that way.
@_date: 2014-10-25 12:35:27
Indeed. He also lost his coins even faster by chasing get rich quick schemes like trading, and other investments. Those that spent a conservative amount of money on coins and waited a few years are the ones that have made it big, not the traders or the stock speculators or arbitragers etc. It takes a huge amount of experience to do it well, and 99.9% of people out there simply can't. Those that made conservative investments could ride out the lows with a fair amount of ease and knew that it was a long term strategy. The guy I linked to was always edgy with his coins and couldn't sit on them, he wanted the quick win, and by the sounds of it he also risked more than he was comfortable with too. Less than 14 months later he bails taking an 80%+ loss, even after all his failed investments with 200 Bitcoins he would have gotten 6.5 times his initial investment today. If he hadn't touched them it would have been 21 times his initial investment. To do that though he would have needed to wait 3.25 years and all he could manage was less than 14 months with frantic investing/trading in between.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:10:58
This would still require a 51% attack on the network, so it's going to be incredibly difficult to not claim you are tampering with the rules when something fishy happens, and by the very notion that the rest of the miners see blocks rejected initially and then accepted, causing a block reorganisation that only happens for miners with the stricter rules, this would very much not fly under the radar, and would get picked up very quickly. A block reorganisation of more than 3 or 4 is rare and definitely would be investigated thoroughly. It would also be bleedingly obvious who was causing it, it would be no different to tampering with any other core rule, sure it might take slightly longer, but it would hardly remain hidden for longer than several blocks. The first major block reorganisation would in all likelihood be more than enough warning that the 51% miner has tampered with the core rules, and that would be when all hell breaks loose.
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:17:13
I think we can be certain that now that the other exchanges know how Mt Gox screwed up, they will be double checking their code to make sure they are good just in case. 
The reality is that this is a Mt Gox mistake where they completely screwed up their custom implementation, it's all in house, not a Bitcoin protocol mistake or flaw. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:19:50
I also can't pay a mortgage with gold. Awwww shucks, I guess gold is also a prepaid gift-card that fluctuates in value.
I wonder if my laundromat will take my silver rounds...
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:25:27
They'd rather bleed the price dry with fees? 
Just like April it seems the way they deal with a problem is to pretend everything is business as usual while the rest of the world burns, rather than man up, suspend operations, and get the systems functioning properly.
@_date: 2014-02-11 11:03:38
I also like the fact that it makes the mainstream media look like a laughing stock when they splash the most sensationalist title in the largest font possible and then, usually within hours nowadays, the price stabilises/reverses and they just look like an incompetent community newspaper (no offense meant to the competent community newspapers out there).
How many "crashes" have we had in the last 12 months?  7? 8? If they can't even report the facts they would be much better served just sitting this out until they actually have a better picture of what's going on. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:53:12
If Bitcoin's only use were to facilitate evil actions then yes, allowing it to exist could be considered "bad". But it also has huge upsides too, such that it enriches people's lives around the world and can facilitate good to the extent that it can counter the bad. And if it can at least do this, then it's existence in the world should not be challenged.
Much like knives can be used to facilitate good/evil in the hands of someone that uses it. We don't ban knives for a couple of reasons, 1. knives exist everywhere, and can be created effortlessly, and 2. they are incredibly useful, help people survive, can be employed for personal safety, perform incredible crafts, be used as a tool to fix/mend things, saves time, encourage creativity, etc. 
On the flip side it can be used to threaten others, murder, torture, torment, selfharm, etc.
But it's not going to be banned because even with the evil people can carry out with knives, they are an incredibly useful and in some cases, vital item in society that has few, if any competitors.
Bitcoin sits in the same boat, it's existence is at this stage unimpeachable from the world, it simply can't be eradicated, and even if it were "stopped" another version could pop up elsewhere, it can facilitate all manner of evil in the world, but it can also facilitate all manner of good too, and can enrich, and in the vast majority of cases will definitely eclipse the evil it is capable of, just like the internet. It is not a one sided tool where it's use is almost certainly evil in nearly all use cases. 
Besides, cash in society, and corrupt banks/governments have committed far more evil over the centuries with cash than Bitcoin could ever do. Bitcoin does not disproportionately give evil users an advantage compared to cash. Quite the opposite. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 17:03:31
It's only a fair argument if both parties have access to the same information. You tried to fish for more material that favoured your bias and kept it outside of our discussion. 
You stacked the deck in your favour and said nothing about it to me, if you were sincere about soliciting alternate opinions then your would have made it clear to me you were doing so to ensure that both arguments in favour and against were heard by both of us. What you actually did was you hid it from our discussion and mentioned nothing of it, instead you harvested that thread for good retorts, that could be used against me, essentially making it a many to one argument. You had absolutely no intention of changing your mind, and you haven't even acknowledged that OP completely shot your bullshit out of the sky. He has had legal advice, and much of what he stated was very close to what I have said, yet here you are painted into a corner and still trying to pretend you did nothing wrong, but were also wrong on the legal side, as well as wrong from the logical side.
From now on all I'm going to see from you is the ignored user flag. Take your craven tactics elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-11-18 14:10:13
It's not fucked up, I'm looking out for my friend. I NEVER said I was going to keep the coins, you just automatically jumped to that conclusion. Read the article I linked to. I would have done what milkywaymasta did because just like milkywaymasta, once those funds are exposed, they are as good as stolen it's just a matter of time after that. He grabbed them to make sure some other malicious user didn't then got back to Matt and so he could get the money back as well as a stern reminder. If he hadn't then the news piece would've been less an amusing Ooops moment and more a "This is why Bitcoin will never enter the mainstream" moment. Everyone that uses Bitcoin implicitly agrees to these conditions of usage, so like I said, trying to expect people to protect your coins for you is going to mean you are not going to take security seriously enough, and it will only be a matter of time before your money is stolen.
Remember, when you use Bitcoin you are wearing big boy pants.
@_date: 2014-10-23 02:34:18
Sorry, didn't want to sound like a stalker, I only talked about it because people are interested in what happened since you wiped your history (which if you had left, I wouldn't need to fill everyone in on, and could at least be verified thus mitigating, rumors/speculation). I'm glad you and yours are doing well, I sincerely hope you cashed out enough of your 2000 coins to pull yourself out of the hole and aren't trying to chase the next big thing. 
Don't take your good fortune for granted, Bitcoin may have pulled you out of a bad place but we've all seen over this past year that things can dramatically turn in the opposite direction too.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:50:20
Adults are exactly like children, if you never allow them to fail they will never learn.
Also, people should not be greedy asshats and invest more than they are willing to lose. You neglect to realise that regulation is top down, it protects the richest first and if there is space they'll accommodate the rest afterwards. Don't delude yourself, regulation is to hedge risk for the richest first.
It is a FIFO system.
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:54:06
Yeah, the document was a draft, crafted by non-Gox employees, and Mark himself said it is "not things that are actually planned and/or done".
Along with all the inconsistencies in the document it would be extremely foolish to by into any narrative that twobitidiot feeds. His info can't be considered legit unless it can actually be verified, failing that it is pure speculation like everything else here.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:30:37
I believe there is a grain of truth to it.
There was a case where undercover officers entrapped some bitcoin sellers by very explicitly stating they were going to use the coins to buy drugs before they bought them, because the seller, after being told that went through with the sale, they had, according to the police, broken the law by knowingly helping to facilitate criminal activity. IOW if you are looking to sell and the buyer says something fishy like telling you how he/she's going to blow it all on weed or you are the buyer and tries to probe you for why you are buying Bitcoin in an attempt to suss out whether you are planning to commit crimes with said coins, don't sell to them/buy from them, ever, otherwise you may be pegged for helping facilitate a crime.
@_date: 2014-10-03 03:50:41
It's not an actual quote but a paraphrasing of some people's opinions I've heard in the past where they praise the blockchain as an innovation, but then become dismissive and criticise the currency aspect, when the two are intrinsically linked, the only reason the blockchain is so awesome is *because* the currency keeps it going.
IOW if you want to support/use the blockchain, you have to support/use the currency. It's not a pick and choose scenario. If you want smart contracts, you will need to buy/support Bitcoin use. If you want the currency, then smart contracts and the blockchain is the way you will be doing business (ie 10 min confirmation window, escrow, etc.).
@_date: 2014-10-02 13:12:59
Instant verification is a myth (litecoin/doge coin are no more secure than Bitcoin, since they'll need more blocks to be as secure, and besides that Bitcoin's hashrate blows them out of the water, so 51% attacks are even less likely, not to mention the longer confirmation window also means less orphaned blocks compared to alts with smaller confirmation windows), anonymity such as Zerocoin is not tested, and darkcoin is unnecessary since it can also be used in Bitcoin. 
They are not original virtues, they are optional and people are free to use them or not. The only reason they "don't exist" is because they are not enforced at the base level, yet are still implementable.
It's not resistance to change, it's resistance to unnecessary risk. You can't guarantee that these features will impair other functionality or introduce bugs. 
I also don't have to prove a single thing to you. You're the one that seems to think Alts are better then Bitcoin (I was here talking about doing cool shit with bitcoin until you butted in being pouty about alts), and since you made the assertion first, it is your job to convince me. 
@_date: 2014-11-22 16:28:07
Very cool, seems that (the zombie coins) totals up to 1,000 happens a couple times a month, but outside of that the events are very rare indeed. Looks like the number of super early adopter holders is fast thinning out (at least that is one interpretation). This is fantastic stuff. This coupled with the graph in the OP seems to indicate that there really aren't many people that hold lots of old coins, either that or these guys are holding their coins with absolutely no intention of moving/selling them (or they're lost). And by the graph in the OP it seems that even though lots of new coins are being added, the velocity, at least in the last year, seems to be staying relatively constant, which would imply that velocity is slowly increasing, but at the other end of the spectrum there seems to be an accumulation of older coins in the last year, but coin age in the middle area seems to be swelling up as new acquirers of coins begin holding them for longer. So it kind of implies that while velocity is slowly increasing, so is long term holding of coins too, but really old coins seems to be thinning out and super old coins is only increasing gradually. Good signs I'd think since it indicates that people not only like it as a store of value (even though it has slowly decreased in value this year) but they are also using it quite a lot.
Very positive stuff. Have an internet good sir :).
1 internet
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:42:53
Hate to say it but I was around at single digits. [Been there]( and if it went back to single digits, I'd be buying.
A LOT.


Melodrama is all you're spewing, you don't even know what those times were like if that is how you see things now. We'll hit those ranges when Bitcoin forks, QE ushers in a new era of prosperity, and gold is dumped en masse.
@_date: 2014-11-01 15:25:41
I don't think there's going to be a year of Bitcoin, just like there isn't a year of the internet. We never really attribute the internet to any one year because it is a constantly enlarging system that took years to gain traction, it's not like one particular year everyone moved from modems to fiber, it took time to roll out the infrastructure, get people educated, make it easy to use, secure, and so on.
@_date: 2014-11-02 16:48:32
[What does it all mean?](
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:50:28
Bye bye buttcoiner in denial.
@_date: 2014-12-24 03:36:46
Well you can compile from source and flash your own firmware from source, as well as compare the fingerprint of your compiled source and the binary compiled by the Trezor guys.
Ensuring identical hardware to the open specs is probably harder to verify, but if you are that paranoid you could build your own Trezor from scratch and use you own compiled firmware. Once you get to that stage though, you'd be looking for independent impartial parties to confirm there's nothing different from the open specs and the device shipped so that average joe can feel that the Trezor works as advertised.
@_date: 2014-10-29 15:15:15
Watch me make a mockery of the MPAA.
09 F9 11 02 9D 74 E3 5B D8 41 56 C5 63 56 88 C0
 ^ ^ [that there is breaking the law, because with that key you can now decode any blue ray disc](
You can ban anything, but if you can't enforce it, you just look like a retard. Information on the internet can't be contained or censored, so banning it's transmission across your borders just makes you look small, and weak.
@_date: 2014-12-21 16:01:10
I'm not 100% sure this is how it works, so I may be wrong/inaccurate on this, but I'm pretty sure this is the situation. Right now when transactions wait to be included in a block they are kept in a transaction pool and any new transactions they receive is passed along to other nodes, this is pretty much unordered and there is no strict syncing of transactions among nodes/miners so this usually means that if the other nodes are going to be able to verify the block a miner discovers, they need the whole block to be sure they get every transaction included in the block. This slows propagation considerably and introduces the incentive to miners to include few or even no transactions as it can impede the propagation if another miner finds a block at the same time. This is bound to get worse as the block size limit is raised and the rate of transactions increases. It will force fees up as miners will be less and less inclined to include transactions that have small fees. 
IBLT is used to make syncing transactions among nodes really easy and fast. What this does is it enables nodes to sync their pool of transactions with every other node so that when miners that are using IBLT as a means of syncing, they can simply pass the header to every node out there, and since all the transaction pools already have the transactions and they are catalogued using IBLT, they can use the header to reconstruct the block using their transaction pool instead of requiring the entire block be transmitted to them, anything missing from the block can be requested from other nodes quickly too. This will mean miners will be free to include transactions without fear of propagation delays and will be good for users as miners will not be incentivised to squeeze users for higher fees as the Bitcoin network grows.
tldr; IBLT will allow nodes to manage pending transactions extremely easily so that transactions can be synced across nodes. This is good because it will make including more transactions in blocks effortless for miners and nodes, and good for end users as fees will be kept low.
@_date: 2014-01-21 05:47:53
I'm half with you, but this alt is even worse than litecoin, and will probably end badly.
Right now it's fun, cute and not serious, but now speculators are "buying up" so people are trying to profit off of it. When serious people move in, with serious money, the fun vanishes. This on it's own isn't bad, but the nature of the alt means it will probably collapse under it's own weight sadly. It is very quickly turning into a speculative pump and dump like so many before it, and that is sad.
Also, the speed of confirmations means that miners will centralise fast as usage increases (if it's usage increases). It will produce many orphans as mining competition increases and will inevitably lose it's "fun-ness". The mining of blocks ending in 18 months means miners will mine until there are no coins left, and if the community isn't solid like a rock in a years time, with far more than just the novelty value keeping it going, then expect mining, and the alt's security to plummet with it once the incentive to mine drops off.
Bitcoin has taken years to develop a dedicated mining base and strong, robust economy, and we've only gotten a little through the second halving. It will take many more years to have Bitcoin become a concrete piece of infrastructure into the future. Even with all this, many still worry that Bitcoin will not survive in the long run. That doesn't bode well for a 3 month old alt where all the coins will be in circulation in a little over a years time. Dogecoin simply won't be able to generate a strong commercial, and community base in enough time to ensure long term blockchain security. The only thing propping it up is a meme, it will very likely need far, far, far more than that if it is going to survive beyond 2014.
@_date: 2014-03-12 12:31:37
During this whole incident, literally, every time Mark Karpeles says something, it causes anger. Mt Gox announcemt, I'm pissed off, IRC chatlog, I'm pissed off, media interview, I'm pissed off. 
It's fucking ludicrous that this guy has *anything* to contribute now that he has done all this incredible damage. I swear, the sooner this guy has nothing to do with this train wreck, the happier (and less pissed off) we'll all be.
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:38:32
Interesting to note


is not welcomed into a legal, regulated space, it can still thrive outside of that space.


And this,


companies, may serve as a useful model.**
I reckon Coinjar already knew what their exit strategy was well before the ATO handed down their decision.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:48:14
The moe is strong with this one.
@_date: 2014-10-03 04:47:23
The thing is that the currency is intrinsic to decentralisation, it is what drives miners, and secures the blockchain. Take that away and you need to have another incentive to keep miners mining, and this is where it will become centralised, because some external element will be needed. Once an external element is needed, that can be used to starve the incentives and shut down the network.
IBM, Reddit, etc. simply don't get it. A blockchain simply won't work unless there's some form of value that miners can extract as a result of their participation, and encourages them to continue mining into the future, and having any direct control over those incentives, will kill it's decentralised nature, as well as the incentive to invest time or money into the enterprise. No-one on the outside looks at a network with a centralised kill switch and says "I'm investing time and money into this because I know it will be around in 20 years". Starting a brand new alt is just as pointless, because you also take on the task of having to create a community, and network effect around the currency, which is exceedingly hard. Even alts that have been incredibly open and fair, with vibrant communities haven't gained ground like Bitcoin has. Absent that, it will become centralised, and once that happens, it's a waste of time even considering using a blockchain.
@_date: 2014-03-16 11:41:49
You just sounded a little down due to recent events, sometimes we get fixated on the negatives not realising things are still moving forward. Bitcoin's image over the years has improved IMO. 3 years ago, almost everyone still thought it was a pyramid/ponzi scheme and it took constant vigilance just to convince people it could be used like money, there were so many "Bitcoin isn't money because xyz" naysayers it was crazy. The Mt Gox situation sucks, but the internet had just as many dark stories paraded by the media, hopefully at the very least people are more prudent about security and have more common sense than to store their net worth online, (seriously, what in the actual fuck were people thinking? taking the time to learn to use Armory and setting on an offline machine would have completely mitigated this catastrophe for most). It still mystifies me how insane people were about that. Hopefully it was lost, rather than stolen.
In the end it's just another bump of many for Bitcoin's journey to the mainstream :)
@_date: 2014-12-06 17:56:04
I wonder what the ripple effects of this will be....
@_date: 2014-01-11 11:42:06
You can't eat money. Money doesn't drive you down to the corner shop. It also doesn't protect you from the elements. 
A number that goes up is meaningless, and is not the end goal, we use money to do things.
Edit: Here's a hypothetical, if you currently hold ten bitcoins, and you are saving them in the hope they accrue in value, when will you spend them? Say that in the next 5 years a predictable trend of growth in Bitcoin is known and it is certain that those coins will be worth 1 million dollars each by the time you hit 80. So, when will you use them? Will you die before you spend them? Is your singular goal to die with as much money as possible without ever using it?
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:37:58
Here's a beginners guide. 
* Go to , tag as many people as possible that post there as trolls, be creative in their descriptions so you can tell them apart. Try to do this for at least a couple of days before you wade through it may seem pointless, but it is worth it, and you also get to see what is like (their commentary is identical to what they use in the sub so becoming familiar with their BS means they become much easier to detect that way).
* Filter through the trolls are quick to appear, especially with threads that address trolling or anti-bitcoin views. Trolls are often sarcastic, patronising, and rarely attack logically, they much rather prefer the quick insult and silence routine.
Your only real guide though is to lurk, and read. Education is the only real cure for trolling, understand how bitcoin works and understand what it can do, and trolls become rather comical at that stage. :)
@_date: 2014-09-17 09:21:20
I remember when he posted this, and, to be honest, he was right, albeit slightly off the mark on what would be used to demonise Bitcoin by the media. It was possible that the media and authorities could have used Wikileaks support to squash Bitcoin but it was so early Bitcoin was pretty much derided as a joke currency by most. Very few people fully understood it and was simply not taken seriously like it is today, most people that knew about it still fully believed Bitcoin was a ponzi/pyramid scheme, and the people that truly did understand it were few and far between (we're still talking CPU mining days too). The penny for just how innovative/disruptive Bitcoin was hadn't actually dropped.
It was still being ignored by most but Satoshi wasn't wrong, it's just that it hadn't clicked for most, but when it did, media and authorities simply chose a much more appealing topic to smear Bitcoin with, something that resonated with most and would demonise Bitcoin the easiest, and that was the Silk Road. Wikileaks, though it had a stong anti-establishment drive to it, was not outright illegal, and still had grudging respect from journalists and people in general, but not Silk Road. Silk Road was about as criminal as it gets in the minds of media, authorities, and the public in general. Not more that 6 months after Satoshi had gone silent, Silk Road popped up, that's when the media exploded over Bitcoin, and being an avid Bitcoin follower back then, I can tell you it was a constant stream of Bitcoin condemnation (it was actually very depressing to read on a daily basis yet another Bitcoin hit piece literally for months on end), for all the good Silk Road brought to Bitcoin (such as awareness, early price liquidity, usage, and other innovations), it also cemented Bitcoin with it's black market reputation that it still struggles to shake loose of. Anything remotely positive about Bitcoin, or it's true potential was shouted down/countered by "drugs!", "tool for evil!", "terrs'ts!", etc. For months you simply could not hear a mention of Bitcoin, without also hearing Silk Road in the same sentence.
I personally wholeheartedly agreed with Satoshi's sentiment, and I think it's also why he stepped back at that stage (he'd been involved in Bitcoin tirelessly for 4-ish years so it's understandable that when people start using your creation for potentially illegal applications, you try to distance yourself), though his warnings were a bit premature, he wanted Bitcoin to grow more before it had to lock horns with opposing interests, which it absolutely did when Silk Road appeared. Luckily it weathered through the shit-storm of negative publicity and has come through stronger than when it started.
@_date: 2014-11-22 11:12:10
Bitcoin is actually growing more than when the media was going crazy about it. The hype/lull phases have happened in the past and usually all the real growth/hard work happens when everyone isn't watching Bitcoin like a hawk. People usually do their best work when nobody is watching anyway so I'm rather glad things have quietened down. It means when big news hits again lots of people will revisit Bitcoin thinking "I bet that hacky, unusable, crypto-thinga-ma-jig is still as useless as ever" and then we can all watch smugly as their jaw hits the floor with all the awesome shit people have come up with to make Bitcoin 50x more awesome than it was the last time they read about it :D.
@_date: 2014-12-23 10:07:30
The hardware and software is completely open source and the firmware is signed which can be confirmed with [deterministic builds](
is probably a better place to field such concerns as it was brought up [a few days ago](
@_date: 2014-11-18 09:53:39
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:10:29
Indeed, Mt Gox should be considered defunct and re-added only when the deposits and withdrawals for fiat and bitcoin are fully returned and functioning reliably.
Anything less than that is not an exchange.
@_date: 2014-03-15 12:03:53
Here's a few pearlers from [people that should have known better.](
Some nice ones...
* "There is not the slightest indication that nuclear energy will be obtainable." 
   -- Albert Einstein, 1932
* "The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing.  Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformations of these atoms is talking moonshine." 
   -- Ernest Rutherford, 1930
* "I am bold enough to say that a man-made Moon voyage will never occur 
regardless of all scientific advances."
   -- Lee De Forest, "the father of electronics"
* "Fooling around with alternating currents is just a waste of time. Nobody will use it, ever.  It's too  dangerous. . . it could kill a man as quick as a bolt of lightning.  Direct current is safe." 
   -- Thomas Edison
* "There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home." 
   -- Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment       Corp., 1977  [DEC went on to founder in the PC market.]
* "So we went to Atari and said, 'Hey, we've got this amazing thing, even
built with some of your parts, and what do you think about funding us?  Or
we'll give it to you.  We just want to do it.  Pay our salary, we'll come
work for you.'  And they said, 'No.'  So then we went to Hewlett-Packard,
and they said, 'Hey, we don't need you.  You haven't got through college
yet.'" 
   -- Apple Computer Inc. founder Steve Jobs on attempts to get Atari and
      H-P interested in his and Steve Wozniak's personal computer
Now some of these might not be real quotes, but I'm betting at least some of them are, the point is, some incredibly smart people are more than capable of not being able to predict how the future will unfold.
Warren "Bitcoin is a mirage" Buffet, and Charlie "Bitcoin is rat poison" Munger may also be added to that list in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-14 06:09:37
If you're in that delicate stage where you're very worried your machine is compromised, and want to minimise risk, don't use your existing machine. Turn it off, get a live linux CD and copy over the blockchain and wallet, install off a trusted repository Bitcoin QT, then move the coins off your old wallet to an already pregenerated offline wallet (I recommend Armory, or Electrum). At least then when the machine is connected to the internet the chances of the machine having malware/trojan's/keyloggers/viruses etc. is greatly minimised.
@_date: 2014-10-06 03:32:45
The problem is inflation is directly linked to debt, and the more debt you have the more you are inflating the currency, this erodes the value already in circulation, which then requires even more loans to keep the economy going. If growth keeps up with inflation, then everything looks fine, the government gets to spend more and no-one notices. If growth falters for even a moment, the whole system crashes to a halt because once that debt can't be paid back quickly enough, you can't loan out more otherwise the inflation does progressively more damage to the value of the currency. And since there is hardly any savings to cushion the blow of slowed growth, everyone is dependent on loans to keep everything running.
Unfortunately governments can conveniently ignore slumps in growth by forcing banks to keep loaning, even when the economy should be retracting, and this simply harms the economy in other ways by devaluing the dollar faster. It doesn't negate slower growth, it simply redirects the pain of slowed growth so it's less noticeable, almost always just delaying it for a while (and magnifying it in the process). This is what Japan is doing and it's all bad. Similar things are happening here in Australia too. Unemployment is rising, yet more and more people are buying houses. Even though unemployment is steadily rising, the RBA knows they can't raise interest rates because that would slow Australia's growth in general and even more jobs will be lost, and raising interest rates even 2% will see around 25% of loans default. Yet keeping interest rates as they are now will see the debt rise even further. Australia is almost gleefully walking into an economic GFC-like disaster ATM and it's because the RBA can't stop printing the money, because everything is already running on huge amounts of debt. Even if there are benefits to inflation, it's a proven fact that no person(s) in a position to control inflation can do it well, or responsibly.
@_date: 2014-02-02 11:01:31
Two words.
[Tax evasion.](
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:01:12
I think you're right, many native English speakers will simply pass over non English projects, not out of malice but simply because they are used to everything being promoted in English. Case in point, in the academic community the universal language is English. Everything is published in English, regardless of which country it is. If you want to reach smart people in the community, English is the way to do it, most people that are into Bitcoin also speak English. 
I wouldn't say English speakers are turned off by non-English projects, we are simply walled off from these projects and find it very difficult to get connected to non-English speaking people.
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:15:25
I think this comes down to the crux of why Bitcoin is the way it is. The short answer is no-one can be trusted, because this ruins the decentralised nature of the network. Creating a benevolent mining entity immediately begins to centralise the network, it's a weakness that can be knocked out, or corrupted to disrupt the network, and immediately nullifies Bitcoin's benefits as a decentralised network. Right now all nodes are equal and hold no greater importance than any other node. This makes it robust, and resistant to attack. In Bitcoin there are no weak nodes, and as long as one survives, the network can recover. Bitcoin's design right now is thoroughly decentralised which is what makes it so powerful as a tool and valuable as a currency (no third party risk was thought impossible before Bitcoin). Even with this decentralisation though, it is still vulnerable to DoS attacks and developers are constantly on the lookout for potential attacks, vulnerabilities and fixes. Making it even slightly more centralised is a bad idea. The blockchain and PoW is the reason we can have a completely decentralised, self sufficient and robust network in the first place, and it has proven itself over many years to work as intended, to make it even slightly centralised negates the point of having a blockchain and PoW in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:35:21
Yep, the rush for the exits has happened, now we can revel in that sweet, sweet [stability again]( Media, trolls, speculators, see you in 3-6 months! ;)
^^^only ^^^half ^^^kidding ^^^BTW
@_date: 2014-09-23 03:08:31
It's not like we need to hide the features, just steer away from nefarious contexts. eg. Calling the project "Trump Wallet" for example sounds very safe, but it conveys meaning because Trumps, the card game, functions by exchanging cards hidden from everyone with other players till you can safely get rid of your cards. Conveys purpose very nicely, doesn't convery that we're going to use it to go dark to surveillence so we can order hits on our neighbors, and actually sounds very harmless.
Instead we got handed the exact opposite that makes you feel shady for even mentioning the name.
@_date: 2014-10-28 10:22:43
I imagine the XBT phonetics is probably going to change rapidly from eks-bee-tee to eks-bt, to zbt, to zib. There's actually a lot of play with how it can roll off the tongue, so it'll be interesting to see how people end up pronouncing it several years from now.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:35:15
Q: Why did the Koala fall out of the tree?
A: Because it was dead.
Q: Why did the second koala fall out of the tree?
A: because it was stapled to the first koala.
Q: Why did the third koala fall out of the tree?
A: Because it was hit by two falling koalas.
Q: Why did the fourth koala fall out of the tree?
A: Peer pressure.
@_date: 2014-12-31 12:58:40
Done. PM sent.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:02:05
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:46:09
They probably changed it because they don't know for certain.
@_date: 2014-02-12 14:49:05
It might shock you but they really don't. It's functioning is hidden under layers away from public scrutiny, can take weeks to clear, and regularly get rejected for unspecified reasons, has hidden and unexpected fees (it is impossible to be assured wiring 100 USD will get you 100 USD the other end), and the fees are substantial. Just from the [wiki]( "US wire transfers are costly, for example, as of November 2011 the Bank Of America charged $25 to send a wire and $12 to receive one within the U.S. For international transfer, it charged $35–$45 outgoing, $16 incoming.", even banks could benefit from Bitcoin adoption, they're simply not getting the incentive they need to be imaginative/innovative enough. I'm certain Bitcoin is starting to provide incentive though. Just give it time.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:03:56
Well, they can't be much worse, they also have a string of failures to learn from and they'll provide very significant US localised liquidity. It should mean Americans will be able to get verified very easily and transfers of funds to the exchange should be much easier too. Also depending which banks they partner with, it could make transfers extremely fast too.
@_date: 2014-01-10 15:58:39
Consider it them dipping their toe in the pool. You can't possibly expect huge companies to jump into bitcoin at huge risk to themselves. They're testing the waters. That in itself is safe for them, and nothing but good for bitcoin (actually it's huge for bitcoin since it's nothing but good for overstock and those that have held bitcoins in the past, profit for the company, and more avenues for holders to spend without needing to convert). Some may poo-poo it but a very large company accepting bitcoin, even peripherally, adds significant liquidity to the bitcoin network. Any liquidity, whether it be shallow like overstock's approach, via bitpay, coinbase, et al. mom and pop stores that take the full risk, speculative "investors" (more likely gamblers, but hey), or those lucky enough to get paid in bitcoin and those that go out of their way to buy bitcoins, it ALL adds to the value of the network.
This perception that bitpay, coinbase et al. does not add value to the network, is utterly false. Coinbase, bitpay, et al. offer a vital and hugely valuable bridge to the bitcoin network, that is literally zero risk for merchants and it adds 100% more value to bitcoin. As more adopters increase and other forms of liquidity appear,  the value will become even more stable. That is a certainty.
@_date: 2014-03-23 13:50:14
That's because it's effortless to set you off.
Everything that needed to be said was said several replies back but your blindness just makes you ignore everything in preference to your own narrative.
So, by all means waste some more time entertaining me Vizzini.
@_date: 2014-10-06 08:06:48
RemindMe! 1 year
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:26:49
Yeah.... like I care. I'm here for the discussion, not the dick waving.
@_date: 2014-03-13 07:03:40
Yep, news is a funny thing in Bitcoinland, I remember someone described it very well regarding Overstock's big sell off, even though they made a big profit, it's not necessarily news, but people's expectations that matters. Overstock investors expected much bigger bang for their buck, so even though overstock did well, their expectations weren't met and so relative to their expectation, Overstock did badly. It could be similar regarding Bitcoin, the pattern for price is definitely becoming much clearer, (I personally expect to see more of these price spikes, but hopefully with ever increasing liquidity along with adoption, the magnitude should lessen over time), it's still hard to predict though since the last two drives in price and drops were very much centered around Mt Gox so without Gox, it may be different (and hopefully lend itself to more gradual and stable adoption/price increases) in the future.
I saw the news piece, looks like even journalists read, and even quote what I say, hopefully I don't get quoted and have it come back to bite me. It's also kinda eerie how what I hoped would happen also came to pass too. Gotta make sure all that power doesn't go to my head! ;)
@_date: 2014-10-12 01:34:10
The economies of the world are on very shaky legs and even if the big banks come through unscathed, I'm certain the little guys are going to be collateral damage, and it's going to be far worse compared to the last GFC. I'm fairly confident the smaller banks that get pushed under the bus will be the first ones to embrace Bitcoin as a lifeline. That's when shit is going to get real interesting.
The next GFC is coming, and Bitcoin is ready this time.
@_date: 2014-10-22 01:54:07
True, in the long term it can definitely happen, I was thinking from inception to the present it would be impossible for Bitcoin as we know it to have been created with a fixed value and grown to to what it is now, without speculation driving it's value. You make a valid point, there could come a time in the future where OP's situation could arise, but we'll only arrive at that point by going through the speculative/growth phase first. I was under the impression that the OP envisaged a scenario where if Bitcoin value was fixed from the get go, would anyone still evangelize the currency as they do now. For me that would be a definite yes, because the tech underpinning it is amazing, IMO there is a lot more to Bitcoin than simply the currency, as others have said, "currency is simply the first use case".
@_date: 2014-01-24 10:10:24
This is what happens when liquidity is still clunky. The responsiveness of the market is still really slow. It's like keeping a bucket of water at the same level even though there is a tap in the bottom letting water out (selling) and a tap at the top putting water in (buying). If the flow increases suddenly at the bottom then the tap at the top has to be opened up appropriately to compensate (if the level of sentiment remains the same before/after). If there is a significant delay, then the level will suddenly drop, and if the tap being opened up is suddenly too much, the level will suddenly rise. Even though the market is fluctuating like this, it doesn't necessarily mean the sudden up/downs are where the market wants to be, it's simply that the market needs time to level out when something happens and these slow reactions make the market look volatile and uncertain. The BTC/USD charts have heaps of these examples.
This is simply because the market is still small and inefficient when it comes to reacting to sudden changes. The great news with more merchants means more liquidity for the market, but because most merchants are selling, it immediately puts downward pressure on the price, even though the nature of the liquidity is not speculative. If it were purely speculative, then it adds little value to the usefulness of Bitcoin since it is purely a person opinion on what the persons willing to place on a coin, but liquidity where the sell is a result of paying for goods/services via Bitcoin, then that is a solid nod towards Bitcoin helping facilitate the transaction, therefore, Bitcoin has been a useful tool for commerce, and is more likely to be used again in the future. More places to use Bitcoins increases it's usefulness and means that people are going to have more incentives to buy and use them which will put greater demand on them. How long it takes between the first happening and the second reaction to the first, is still verrrry slow, (although, it is a hell of a lot better compared to a couple years ago), but the more merchants that take them, the more commerce there is, the more liquidity there is. People will also be less likely to sell their coins for other currency because they can simply buy what they want in bitcoins and they will find it an attractive idea to have "a couple hundred dollars in bitcoin on hand" so they don't need to wait when they see something the want.
tldr; The markets are slow to react, but all the new merchants is good news because Bitcoin's usability/usefulness is increasing in leaps and bounds. This sudden liquidity is great long term.
@_date: 2014-02-22 07:56:21
All depends on how much of society is left and the plentifulness of those items. If long term storage is desirable and the persons are not travelling constantly then gold might get a look in. It would be a very situational thing IMO, if danger is constant and food, water, guns and ammo is constantly a necessity then no-one is going to waste time or effort hauling gold around unless there is still a network of people that want it and those groups are stable enough to keep it secure and it remains scarce. Also if the apocalypse does come, a vast number of people will be dead, and there will be a huge amount of gold lying around, stockpiles of gold will be everywhere, jewellers, banks, mints will all be open season, and they can sit there for centuries waiting to be picked up. Scarcity may take centuries to reassert itself. 
Agriculture on the other hand will have to go back to first principles and that will happen in a matter of years, water purification too, and once the preserved food is gone which will happen within a few years, agriculture will be the only thing propping up the small societies that are left. Guns and especially ammo will very quickly be depleted too if the danger is constant and sustained. 
I guess it all depends on the situation and the survival pressures that would exist, so I wouldn't rule out gold as a currency but I think in the short term, and as long as there is extreme pressure on survival, it will be an afterthought.
@_date: 2014-10-20 06:15:58
I think it's actually in milibits, as the exchange at the bottom says, that would equate to about 230 USD, they're simply redefined the B symbol to represent mBTC as the default, since most people don't have hundreds of thousands of USD in in BTC anymore :).
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:55:54
No I don't keep links, it is in my post history, duh. I remember it quite easily that it's a simple search away. And when it comes to throwaway-o thats one example of many dude, one example of many. I try as much as possible to treat others with respect and patience here, because someone *can* quote me on this site and it can bite me on the arse. Fuck, **I** got [quoted by the fucking nytimes yesterday]( you see that? People read and reference things here all the time, and it reflects on things you say down the line, throwayway's history speaks for itself. Taking "your unsolicited judgmentalism out the back of your house and shoot it in the neck" is shutting down the conversation in my book, so I'm not sure what books you are reading. Ad hominem all the way is the way throwaway-o deals with things that upsets him.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:07:39
I have fought the good fight on this sub a long time and I wholeheartedly agree with you. The mods here are pretty much pro anything except spam and this frankly dumb-ass policy has given trolls full reign to tear apart fruitful discussions and anything in general. Case in point, the user utuxia in the last dozen hours posted more than 200 times and the vast majority of those was on this sub, that's one post every 4 minutes. The guy is a classic troll, and dedicates 13+ hours in a day around this sub. He gets downvoted to hell, the mods do nothing, he abuses people, the mods do nothing, he consistently spams this sub with shit posts, .... I think you know the pattern already.
I have been here for years and posted regularly, almost daily, for years now, I make every post to others that are genuinely willing to discuss Bitcoin matters sincere and respectful, unfortunately others take this for granted and shit all over these good intentions, even I'm finally realising that the mods here really don't give a fuck about civil discourse here....
theymos, ThePiachu, MiningBuddy, JordanTheBrobot, judah_mu, whollyhemp, zeitplan, colsatre, ... You are mods of this board, you need to clean this shit up. If you can't, are unable, or don't give a shit about the discourse that is frankly, several levels below the standard of /b in 4chan, then I suggest you find others that are willing to carry the torch. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 14:21:46


Which is exactly the same for any other currency in the entire world. This is a nobrainer. How does this make bitcoin any less useful in the world of finance?
Please, explain how is it superfluous compared to using a bank/CCC/paypal etc.? Because right now, using Bitcoin bypasses all 3rd party processors for merchant and client, and gives enormous freedom and flexibility for anyone that uses Bitcoin client and merchant alike.
The "point" of using Bitcoin is it is better in many ways compared to all the other alternatives. I won't bother listing them since I think a number of other people here have done a good job of that.
@_date: 2014-12-17 08:24:29
If you are tech savvy enough, you can install Electrum 2.0 beta.  
@_date: 2014-01-30 13:48:07
Can confirm. Now that I am so deeply entrenched in the Bitcoin world, time has indeed slowed. The last 3 years has felt like several. The growth of Bitcoin as an outsider looking in must be truly amazing. 
Remember when Bitcoin hit $100 the first time? I can't. Too much has happened since then it's all a bit blurry. That was *only* 9 (!!) months ago. I struggle to fathom the time when it was beneath that level. 
Probably 90% of all Bitcoin startups, esp the major ones, haven't even got one financial year under their belt yet. WTF!
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:16:07
Sorry to disappoint, but I have no interest in political ideologies. You were confused about how bitcoin's deflationary system could function stably in light of the fact that coins will slowly accrue in value over time, I clarified. 
If you remain convinced that an inflationary system is more to you're taste, then there's not much more that needs to be said. Go make an inflationary version of Bitcoin and report back on your results.
@_date: 2014-12-19 07:16:50
It's a classic case of arse covering. The tax office is trying to position itself so that there can be absolutely no recriminations if Bitcoin somehow pisses off the government. For all it's talk of being impartial they have demonstrated that they are only interested in making sure the ATO doesn't cop heat as a result of the decision from the government. As we are finding out in many cases here, the bureaucracies here are far more interested in protecting themselves from criticism than showing any genuine interest in helping others or making valuable contributions to enrich the general public. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:06:45
Yep, It's amazing how many times I've read people post that they "tried daytrading" and lost massive amounts of their Bitcoins. 
Timing the peaks and troughs is a game of luck unless you have huge capital to move the market when you want it too. Luckily as Bitcoin has grown, this has become harder and harder. The only good investment strategy for most is to buy and hold. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 04:24:27
We are still very firmly in the innovator phase, and Bitcoin already has a great deal of momentum. These quiet phases are completely normal and have happened in the past, but as far cessation of volatility is concerned, I think the price spikes and dips are going to remain common for years to come, don't expect that to stop any time soon. Many more will make/lose money on Bitcoin, and prices pushing past 10,000 and beyond is still a strong likelihood (it *has* to if Bitcoin is to grow).
I often hear people go on about "killer apps" but it's like people talking about the internet in 1995 how it needs a killer app. The reality is the internet was already excellent at doing a myriad of things, it's not that it needed the email, it was that the internet *enabled* the possibility of email, but email only truly became the killer app it is today because everyone now has an email address (IOW the network effect needed to happen to enable these so-called killer apps), it simply needed time to grow, in speed, adoption, usability, portability etc. so that that full potential could be realised. The same thing is necessary for Bitcoin, all the functionality is already there for Bitcoin's killer apps to be realised, it simply needs to scale in speed, bandwidth, usability, security, safety, adoption, etc. then these killer apps that people keep going on about which are already embedded into Bitcoin from it's early days can be realised to their full potential.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:25:55
Goddamnit you forward thinking bastards! You're innovating too quickly! ;)
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:57:14
I think most of the people on the exchange have already panic sold to fiat because they think that even with the slow withdraws, there's a far greater chance they are solvent in fiat because there is no chance of the recent MtGox coding fiasco leaking fiat. Once the money is out there is far less reason for selling to fiat on other exchanges because the original reason to sell was because it was trapped in MtGox in the first place. Most of the reason for the silly trading is the fear of BTC insolvency.
It's dumbassery all round for MtGox, they have IMO irreparably ruined their reputation by allowing trading because it helped to magnify the panic trading, on an already broken system. There is the small chance though that people will leave their money in MtGox and keep trading but considering the fever pitch their idiocy has caused, I doubt it. I hope the trading fees were worth it, because I doubt they'll be getting similar levels of revenue in the future.
@_date: 2014-10-25 11:25:07
I'm not well versed on the whole side/tree chain idea but I made a post that broke down it's [benefits in another thread]( Don't quote me on this though. I'm pretty sure this is the general gist of what side/tree chains would bring to the Bitcoin ecosystem.
If developers do manage to pull off something like side/tree chains it will be a massive innovation that will probably result in a huge innovative boom for Bitcoin, and see most/all alts fall into disuse.  
@_date: 2014-01-05 13:33:39
Then they should be running their own client on their machine, and not outsourcing their security.
Electrum, Armory, Multibit, Bitcoin-qt. Users are spoiled for choice nowadays, with dead simple software, to advanced.
And you'll never need 2fa.
@_date: 2014-03-24 13:42:51
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-07-22 16:46:51
Yep, that one year grace period where very few people were using the Bitcoin network was actually a boon in many respects. Unfortunately from now on, the only way to continue to stress test the code is to get bigger, we're very much out of the low hanging fruit stage and well into the more mysterious and isolated bugs stage. Lets hope that the ones that do crop up now are not the network breaking ones and that those really bad ones are already cleaned out.
@_date: 2014-10-30 07:33:51
I think what he means is that they can not, and never will stop inflating the money supply. There is no check or balance where banks/governments can be ordered to stop adding money to the economy, and considering that everyone is now dependent on an inflating money supply because of the massive amount of debt that everyone will default on if the inflation slows somewhat, they'll simply never stop inflating until the entire economy goes into a hyperinflationary phase and no longer functions. No politician wants to be in power when the economy collapses so they simply kick the can down the road and allow the inflation to continue and hope some other poor schlub years from now is the one burdened with fixing an unfixable problem.
We've already seen it happen on smaller scales, like Zimbabwe, and right now Venezuela is printing madly to keep ahead of their financial obligations, but ultimately it's a game of financial musical chairs.
@_date: 2014-08-30 10:49:01
Absolutely, the last thing we need is there to be a single denomination to rule all commerce, it's crazy talk since Bitcoin is a currency, not a stock, and can automatically be denominated into 100,000,000 further distinct units.
"bit" is small enough that we will never need to worry about new denominations, and large enough that everyday prices can be represented without much encumberance on space. 
1 cup of coffee = 3.50 USD = 0.00693963 BTC (already looks cumbersome) = 6939.63 bits &lt;-- this already chops off 3 decimal places so already saves space. 
Larger items in the hundred dollar mark like 350 USD = 0.693963 BTC = 693963.00 bits &lt;-- is more or less the same space usage.
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:04:48
That's because it's darkwings.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:58:57
Yep, I'm not pissed so much at Mt Gox's incompetence, I'm pissed at everyone that stored so much of their *very* significant wealth there "for safe keeping".
I'm also annoyed that Gox is having such an effect on the price since it has effectively been defunct for months due to the trickle of fiat withdrawals, and the fact that their antics last April where they continually traded even when their servers couldn't handle it. The exodus should have started then. We shouldn't be here now crying and hating over Gox.
I have no money in Gox nor do I trade there or use any of their services, but I'm still exasperated because their reputation is so closely tied to bitcoin, that their incompetent antics is very much reflecting badly on Bitcoin when it is largely blameless in this whole deal.
I still hope Gox gets through and gets people's coins back to them and if they do continue operating I hope they sort their shit out. It's embarrassing seeing this kind of thing in the news. Having one of the biggest Bitcoin companies falter like this pulls down all the good and solid work done by all the other companies that did it right, and looked after their users.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:09:20


Not a truer word said :) Panic is often a feedback loop here so when the market corrects on bad news, it almost always overcorrects in a huge way. A lot is because most people here are shitty traders, but it's also because the media sensationalises, fudders FUD, and there's a slowness to the movement of money here unlike big markets, sometimes it can take days for people to get money into exchanges to buy on a dip, so the market can suddenly panic sell, and then progressively recover as others view buying opportunities.
One thing is certain, panic sellers almost always lose money, and the Bitcoin price has always recovered, even if it took over a year in some circumstances, it does bounce back. This is why looking at fundamentals and not the daily price is so important to keep people's perspective. But as I always say, never invest more than you are willing to lose. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 10:01:30
The likelihood it becomes legal is far more likely than it being outright banned. Honduras is setting itself up to be the first major country to fully legalise Bitcoin and it's ilk as a legal currency for companies to do commerce at every level with.
The USA is already walking down the legality road faster than most too and it's entirely likely they will be embracing Bitcoin as a tool for commerce than a tools for terrorists.
Many countries are also making preparations to clarify tax for Bitcoin. That is the clearest sign yet that Bitcoin will find many safe countries where commerce in Bitcoin is going to be very safe to do and clear in what a company's legal obligations are. Most countries are past the concern of "is it legal" and are already moving onto "how do we handle tax reporting?" questions, which in many countries will probably be answered this year. After that, it's as good as legal.
@_date: 2014-02-11 09:16:18


The fundamentals are indeed sound. It's just a company fucking up again (and the less dependence the community has on any one company the better), not a flaw in the Bitcoin protocol, and it won't harm adoption in the long term either, if anything this expedites Mt Gox's exit from the market as a reputed player, and considering how many chances they've gotten, it's about time the community was weaned off this crippled exchange, and the trust is spread across many exchanges rather than "the big one". 
I'd not bother addressing nobodybelievesyou's concerns though, since he has no genuine interest in what others have to say unless it is in line with his own preconceived beliefs (hypocritical really since he is exactly like the "bitcoin believers" who he criticises as being blind to anything antibitcoin). He constantly moves the goalposts in discussions and practically carries a pair of them with him wherever he walks, like his ["clicks paypal button"]( comment as if it is even that simple, where in reality I had a fucking nightmare of a time trying to even enable paypal so I could send a [measly 22 GBP across the other side of the world to someone I didn't even know](
The guy is a troll.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:13:53
I'm not saying that an exchange should start taking a slice after a week, I'm talking months. And I think the exchange deserves a cut since they are handling the liability of those funds. We've seen time and again people store money on exchanges and lose it all, Gox is not an isolated case, this has happened at least a dozen times, it's bad for users and bad for exchanges/brokers. It's also a trade off, yes you are inconveniencing customers, but you also have less likelihood of losing others' money. How many scams/trojans/hacks have occurred where the user had their funds drained from an exchange because they left it there? There are countless stories of these. It looks bad for exchanges when these things happen too, so if less longterm funds are sitting around, then it is less likely that users of exchanges will be targeted too. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:06:22
Sorry, my experience with Bitcoin is long and it has a very well documented history where any time a person trusts the security of their coins with a third party there has been a strong chance they will get lost/stolen.
I've constantly advocated for *years* that people store their coins with Armory, or similar offline storage. I can understand it for small amounts but when you get into the thousands, anything other than cold storage means you are playing a dangerous game.
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:25:44
Now, extend the top chart further to the left. I wanna see how this story turns out....
@_date: 2014-11-18 16:37:21
And I've already told you that there is no guarantee doing that will clear up the matter because OP can't prove beyond reasonable doubt that the seller owned the coins in the first place. The only way OP can know the seller even has knowledge of the Bitcoins is to sweep them and see how the seller responds. As I ALREADY said, it could be stolen property, the wallet could belong to an owner before the seller took possession of the laptop, in which case the seller can easily lie about being the owner. OP visiting and informing the seller will not prove anything as the seller can lie, and then when informed of the coins can avoid submitting proof by lying again or even worse start levelling accusations at the OP. You completely gloss over that the OP could put themselves at risk by informing the seller especially if they are not the original owners but want to scam OP out of the coins that aren't the sellers in the first place.
And I'm hardly blaming the seller (and calling the seller a "victim" just proves my previous point that you blindly assume the seller is the defacto owner of the coins), but I'm damn well going to apportion blame on the seller for this monumentous screwup in Bitcoin security, I've seen too many stories of people losing coins to feel any sympathy for Bitcoin users any more, and there are ample mechanisms to secure your wallet. The seller doesn't get to sit back and wait for OP to deliver them on a silver platter. All you've done is made excuses that puts the entire focus on the OP rather than considering that the seller had no knowledge of the coins being on the laptop, that the seller could have been handling stolen goods, or that the bitcoins were forgotten and written off a long time ago. You've simply made the blind assumption that the seller is the owner and that the OP must prove that the seller is NOT the owner.
Peg sole responsibility on the OP if you like, but I'm satisfied with OP's efforts even if you aren't so we'll simply have to disagree on that fact. As I've said repeatedly now, OP doesn't know the circumstances of the coins so he can't be obliged to act in any particular manner and I think his due diligence is enough given he knows the wallet is old, has zero security, and the seller never went to any pains to erase or remove the coins from the machine, nor indicated any knowlege of Bitcoin or there being coins/wallets etc. on the laptop when it was sold.


How that fits with Bitcoin being considered property by the IRS and virtual currency by FinCen makes that law questionable at best and you'll only know if it applies when it gets tested in the courts.
@_date: 2014-02-17 09:47:31
I think an analogy is best.
You have a $20 note and you want to buy a coffee for $5. Now you don't have the exact amount of money to buy it, but this is usually not a problem because the person you buy the coffee from can split the $20 and give you change, a fiver and a tenner for example. So you get back $15 in completely different notes because you had to essentially spend the entire $20 to buy the coffee.
In Bitcoin it works very similarly. You have an address with ~~a balance~~ an assigned value (much like a note is assigned a value, except Bitcoin addresses can be assigned any value, and can also be re-used), say 1.0 BTC and you want to buy something worth 0.25 BTC, the logic of before applies when spending the $20 note, in the transaction you spend the entire ~~balance~~ assigned value of that address 1.0 BTC and the transaction splits it to two addresses, the ~~0.05~~ 0.25 to the person you are sending the money to, and the rest is "spent" (0.75 BTC) to an address you own, and is considered your change (just like the $15  from the $20 you just spent). This is how every transaction works, you can in fact send the change back to the original address, but this is frowned upon because it is bad for your privacy and such.
Additionally coming back to the transaction with the $20, there are instances where you want to give the person/shopkeeper/waitress a tip for their facilitating the transaction, good service or whatever, so when you spend your $20, you may exclude from the change you receive a small portion of it as being a tip. Essentially saying, please give me less change than normal and you can keep what's left for a job well done. This also exists in the Bitcoin network, where any funds that are not allocated in the transaction is left as a fee for the network which is distributed to the miners as a reward for verifying the transaction. It is not mandatory, but it is encouraged as it helps miners, and gets your transaction processed a little faster.
Hope that clarifies.
Edit: clarity, because "balance" could be misleading.
Edit2: typo on 0.05 which should have been otherwise
@_date: 2014-02-19 15:31:04
I remember that, kind of, bitcointalk users used it as a baseline of sorts when noone was really sure how much a bitcoin should be worth so they figured that since it cost money to make the coins through the use of electricity then they are likely to be worth at least X cents per coin, otherwise no one would bother mining them. 
Edit: at least I think that's how it went, hard to remember those posts, they were so long ago now, amazing how Bitcoin has transformed since then.
@_date: 2014-03-23 02:17:02


I didn't think I was needing to be teacher so here you go. Circular logic is a logical fallacy in which the reasoner begins with what they are trying to end with.
AKA zeusa1logic. 
* **Bitcoin is fundamentally libertarian** because it uses cryptography--&gt; 
* many cryptographers used/developed it for personal freedom (this is where you conveniently ignore the rest of history )--&gt; 
* only libertarians have a need for cryptography (more wilful ignorance on your part) --&gt; 
* by extension Bitcoin is a libertarian construct which means it's only goal is to further the libertarian cause --&gt; 
* therefore **Bitcoin is fundamentally libertarian**. 
A bullshit set of logical points if ever I heard it. Please feel free to hamster away, but I'm getting bored of rubbing your nose in how broken your arguments are so please go and explain yourself to someone else. I'm not interested in your ridiculous reasonings on the subject.
Notice how you conveniently ignore a whole swath of logic and history based on a few flimsy connections to justify your answer? No? Didn't think so.


They initially got granted the power by the people, but good luck getting it back. Power is a one way street and the only way to stop infinite credit is to make their leaglised printing pressx worthless. Case in point, germany and their hyperinflation in the 1920s, Zimbabwe, the Americas, etc. Transitioning to a system without the ability to inflate is really the only option left since all politicians are bought and paid for by the rich.


If you ever want anything done on a large scale you will need top down organisations, crowdsourcing only gets you so far and most people are lazy idiots that prefer to be lead in return for something shiny. I once believed otherwise but after giving the people around me the power of choice time and again, I've come to terms with the fact that the vast number of people in the world *want* leaders. The inevitable consequence of that is government. The sooner you come to terms with that the better.


The critical factor here is choice. Bitcoin is now an option and banks will either have to choose between becoming irrelevant, or pulling their head in. And I agree Bitcoin can be manipulated, it is a small market still, but as it gets larger it will be far less manipulable compared to old money.
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:28:23
I've actually been here 6 years (account life), but only discovered Bitcoin 4 years ago. 
Besides, I think we can all agree Mark is a weasel not a ferret ;)
@_date: 2014-11-09 16:02:43
From weak hands to strong.
Please do this. Seriously, it is what makes Bitcoin what it is now. :)
You know what attacks bitcoin? Fear. Seed fear everywhere, like Bitcoin was the next coming of ebola and people will abandon ship like, well, ebola. Seeding fear is cheap.
Don't believe me? Someone will sit here 8 hours a day 5 days a week for 500 USD to talk down on Bitcoin. Easy. Better yet, find an out of the way country where the conversion rates are good and your returns are enormous. Expecting someone to sit here 8 hours a day 5 days a week because they believe in something is far harder. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:10:00
Well indie artists for music and filmmakers no longer need to cut their wrists and beg the big publishers to distribute their works now, so I think that is a valid and legal use of the middle finger with regards to bittorrent :P
Same with news/journalism and blogs, and online publishing in general. They're all decentralised in the sense that they are small groups or individuals, that don't need a centralised network to get their content out there.
Now the internet is decentralising money :D
@_date: 2014-12-22 16:49:49
5 years is a fairly big chunk of time so unless your financial situation has changed or Bitcoin goes up 10,000% you should probably stick with it. Just remember that over 5 years Bitcoin has grown considerably and even though there is no guarantee that we will see similar growth in the future, you need to look at the bigger picture. Price is only one metric, and there is far more going on than just price. Another thing to keep in mind is that the price has moved in fits and starts, often with periods where it falls over time, finds a floor, then after a while it climbs again. This is common knowledge and anyone that speculates on Bitcoin should already be fully aware and comfortable with this fact. If you are still worried about the price, then you've obviously overextended your speculative investment and really should consider pulling some out to fiat until you are comfortable. Bitcoin is highly risky after all.
Treat the the stock as a completely separate investment. If you do decide to take stock, you should not be messing with other investments to get a piece of it. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:35:00
I get tired of trolls jerking me around, if you are not I sincerely apologise, but seriously, if you want serious discussion I have repeatedly told you to discuss this shit in the dev forums on bitcoin talk. The *real* devs talk about *actual* problems there.
Here, is a mine field of meaningful discussion, real news/fake news, scams/not scams/new developments/new adopters/astroturfing/shills/newbies/broken dreams(thefts)/ etc.
Fixing problems is not one of the more productive topics here, and hasn't been for a long long time.
So for the last time, if you want to discuss *actual* solutions that isn't circlejerking fluff.
GO. TO. BITCOINTALK'S. DEV. FORUM.
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:50:28
Yet he entertained me never the less, he was bashing me on two different sub-threads after all, and the [hiding behind his karma was priceless]( It's amazing how magic internet points make you more right than other on completely unrelated topics, I gotta remember that when someone has less karma than me :) 
It's quite clear he was awfully desperate to belittle and get a rise out of me in the most petty of ways rather than be civil.
@_date: 2014-03-24 07:35:44
With that in mind, it is a testament to Satoshi's ability to make Bitcoin as secure as it is. Though even his very thorough work had a few bugs (that were fortunately fixed quickly and did very little damage). 
I don't think the lack of security is necessarily the biggest issue, it is users' complete trust that they put in these exchanges that causes these problems. Users need to demand safer, and provably secure funds management before they entrust thousands of dollars worth of coins with these exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:58:29
You obviously didn't experience all the other speed bumps Bitcoin has ridden over. 
Were you here for April 2013 when Gox bowed under pressure?
How about when Silk Road closed, or the shitstorm of bad press it brough to Bitcoin for over a year? 
How about the pirateat40 the ponzi guy who stole a shitload of Bitcoins and in all probability tried to use Gox to crash the market to keep it going? 
How about Bitcoinica and their multiple huge hemmorages of money from hacks before they imploded? 
How about when Gox accidentally leaked everyone's login info and hackers drove the price to zero and caused an absolute panic? 
How about when mybitcoin stole everyone's money, claimed they were hacked, and gloated about it later. 
How about when bitcoin24 shut down and everyone has had to wait forever to get what little funds back?
How about the multitudes of other exchanges/services/mining companies that I haven't mentioned that got hacked/ran off with people's money or did other sketchy things?
This is just a small cross-section of the huge number of losses people have experienced because they trusted someone else with their money and didn't need to. Bitcoin has experienced and sustained huge numbers of losses of people's money in the past along with very public coverage of these events, and this is absolutely no different. I have ridden through every single one of these events, and I can tell you, Mt Gox is not a notable exception that will drag Bitcoin down, if anything their bad behaviour will force the other exchanges to go to extra effort to keep people's coins safe, and their business solvent.
@_date: 2014-02-18 13:00:43
Yep, watching the price drop 95% in 2011 was far more depressing than what's going on now. Not trying to sugarcoat a turd or anything but you are very right.
Never invest more than you are willing to lose. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 08:40:48
@_date: 2014-10-29 15:06:24
You can also outlaw gravity.
Still gonna happen though....
The point is banning it is going to make them look comical. Banning something you have no control over is to show how weak you truly are and governments hate that, they always like to show to the outside world a strong indomitable front. Bitcoin makes a mockery of that when it comes to capital controls. The whole "getting" part is some people are beginning to realise that banning Bitcoin is going to not only be ineffective, but it will also make them look like a laughing stock, much like how America tried to control the export of cryptography. People made t-shirts as a mockery to those laws. The legislation wasn't worth the paper it was written on. The only way they can control the flow of cryptocurrency is by accepting it, trying to stem the flow of money that simply cannot be stemmed, and will be a boon to those countries that do open their doors to it, is only going to affect those countries that ban it negatively.
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:20:07
Honetsly, rich people are the worst at actually driving momentum that is self sustaining, Ripple is a good example of a corporatised VC backed bitcoin-like currency. It had millions poured into it and some early Bitcoin devs were scalped to dedicate their time to improving ripple instead. AFAIK that money and talent did nothing to drive further adoption, if anything it repelled people because they knew it was essentially sponsored momentum, centralised growth, with one backer calling the shots. I'm pretty sure that they did something very similar to what you are saying we should do for Bitcoin, but ripple has shown that you can buy talent but you can't necessarily buy momentum that will be long lasting or sustaining.
Besides, relying on big money to save or shield Bitcoin as it hits rough patches is to expect a select few to do the heavy lifting while we all sigh in relief and have more incentive to do nothing, create nothing and defend nothing. 
Fuck that, this is a team effort, if people with lots of Bitcoins want to make more money or do something to protect the current value of their Bitcoins that is their prerogative (and in their best interests anyway, whining that they aren't participating will only give them more of a reason to leave IMO). They shouldn't be shamed, just like new users shouldn't be conned to pour their life savings into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:57:06
Bitcoins that are lost are (kind of, at least the lost value is) reclaimed by virtue of the fact that everyone's Bitcoins become a little more valuable the longer the coins remain unspent, the coins that will forever remain unspent essentially get ignored over time since there is noone that can spend them, they are essentially locked out of the economy permanently, this is why bitcoins have extremely high precision, it allows for the Bitcoin economy to expand via the extra divisibility and every user benefits from it, thus the value as result of a stronger economy is never lost or siphoned off by the powers that be or lost coins, it simply gets added to the bitcoins that are already in circulation and accessible.
Edit: there is a whole slew of discussions on "reclaiming lost coins" and has been discussed to death [Spoiler](/s "everyone hated the idea of reclaiming coins and every person that suggested it was either flamed or laughed out of the forum, and the cores devs wholeheartedly agreed it was a terrible solution to a non-problem"), if you want I'll happily link to the dozen or so discussions on the topic.
@_date: 2014-12-05 02:59:48
Wow, did I hit a nerve? You must be new here.
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:30:10
Considering how many Chinese bitcoin exchanges there already are, I'm thinking the right hands are already well slathered.
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:32:16
Why not do both?
Faucets in the early days was a huge boon for Bitcoin adoption as it got many people involved with Bitcoin for very little effort. Tipping is a natural evolution on the faucets, where faucets gave you money for doing nothing, with tipping you get money for doing something the other person likes. Tipping is in it's own way a way of paying someone for services rendered, like dropping a few coins for a busker you pass by, or dropping a few coins in the charity box at your favourite store. Rather than evangelising, people should be leading by example, and being a generous stranger is going to hold people's attention far more than just talking about it (and not sharing any).
Tipping is an excellent way to get more people involved/introduced to Bitcoin.
But smauging is also necessary too. Doing equal parts of both will likely generate the most benefit for everyone, including the price.
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:44:57
Of course you can't be arsed, you only pick the easy fights.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:09:39
This just out: Mt Gox still claims they did nothing wrong and are being wrongfully victimised for not keeping their house in order.
@_date: 2014-02-04 08:55:55
It is not the argument that I disagree with, it is the way you delivered it that allows it to be misconstrued and twisted to hate on others with dissenting opinions eg. I can use your same statement to twist it on others like so, "you can't (or refuse to) rationally hope for Bitcoin to succeed, therefore you must be a statist". All too often in this sub people throw around statist as a dirty word and accuse other of being a statist, etc. Calling someone "a statist" is wrong IMO, even when it is simply trying to make a point. When everyone starts treating statism as a label, they'll use it to compartmentalise arguments and treat people differently. If you think I'm overreacting, just remember America/Russia did it during the cold war, blaming communists/capitalists for this and that, etc. Rephrasing it thusly:
 * "Someone who believes in statism to exclusion of all other political approaches cannot rationally hope for bitcoin to succeed",
 * or "statism to exclusion of all other political approaches cannot rationally accommodate the success of bitcoin",
 * Edit: or, to use Satoshi's phrasing "the statist viewpoint cannot rationally accommodate the success of bitcoin",
or something similar, is something I can accept. I took issue with the absolute labelling of people as statists since it forces a polarisation of opinion of that person and paralyses a discussion because then everyone that disagrees can be "a statist" (because people suddenly take sides, and it absolutely kills open exchange of ideas because of this polarised bias) where it is far more difficult to change one's opinion.
It's also not black and white most of the time, I share conservative and liberal views so calling me either is pointless, but someone hearing only my conservative views may be compelled to label me a conservative. That inadvertent label can cause unnecessary bias. It's bad enough in this sub, and letting things like this slide will I think allow it to get worse.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:39:11
You're wearing big boy pants when you use Bitcoin. The only safety net you have is the one you set up for yourself. Trading is inherently risky and if you entrust an exchange with your coins you are choosing to take that risk. People asked to be left in the cold after Gox collapsed under it's own weight in April. Yet when things cooled down, hardly anyone actually left and looked for a better service. They tacitly accepted the risk and refused to move their funds and continued to trade there even though this had been happening time and again at Mt Gox. People can't claim they were blindsided by Mt Gox, it has been screamed in everyone's faces that Gox is a bad exchange. If you use smaller exchanges you do so at your own risk, and you should act accordingly, keep small amounts on exchanges for brief periods, and once there's more than you're comfortable with keeping there you get it off. You are responsible for the safety of your money, not the exchange, no one is going to bail out the exchange when trouble hits.
No Exchange is bulletproof, and no exchange should be fully trusted, trade with small amounts and for large trades, do them and get your money out. Governments have made it abundantly clear that there is no safety net except for that which you make for yourself.
Remember, big boy pants.
@_date: 2014-03-23 10:06:50
The twist is that the value held in Bitcoin fluctuates wildly and unpredictably.
Can you imagine holding the equivalent of 100k USD in Bitcoin, and then 2 months later holding the equivalent of 1 million two months later, only to see it halve the next month, then triple the following. 
Call me crazy but I'd sure as hell not envy or be bitter about an early adopter. Given a choice between the two, Bitcoin is one roller coaster I'll be passing on, please give me my oversized cheque for 1 million that is still going to have the same value for at least the next year or so (and is a hell of a lot easier to spend).
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:52:10
Thanks for the tip good internet sir! :)
It's also amazing how some love to demonise Bitcoin but in reality cash is how terrorism is actually funded, and it's 100% anonymous. But to admit that would be to admit that would ruin the anti-Bitcoin rhetoric of course.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:53:23
I agree it's a bug (a minor bug though that is slowly being phased out), but they never mention that this is non-critical, IOW they never make clear that funds are safe for pretty much every other client and only localised to Mt Gox. They also fail to very clearly state that this is an old, and well documented bug. 
They distanced themselves from the problem as much as possible in their announcement to make it sound like Bitcoin was critically vulnerable and that every exchange and client out there was no longer safe, and not the fact that Mt Gox borked their handling of transactions.
To rub salt into the problem, the announcement is terribly worded, even if you knew exactly what was happening. 
Sentences like,
 * "The problem we have identified is not limited to MtGox, and affects all transactions where Bitcoins are being sent to a third party." ,
without any clarification that Mt Gox is the only place where this is a problem right now is damning without appropriate context.
Everything from the wording of the problem, to how they are going to fix it omits the critical context that this is purely localised to Mt Gox's code. Yes, someone else could have borked it elsewhere, but they never make it clear that the problem at Mt Gox, was caused by Mt Gox, and simply stating that there is a minor (and mostly harmless) flaw in the protocol that they didn't code for to keep their exchange running as it should. 
IOW they worded it to never admit liability, and tried to thrust the cause of their problem and all the blame wholly and solely onto the Bitcoin Protocol's shoulders, and very likely have buried their business in the process.
At the very least, I think exchanges will be double checking their own code so they don't have the same problem, at least that's one positive we can take away from all this.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:09:58
These are Bitcoin's growing pains, and this quirk has been around since Bitcoin's inception so anyone that accept's Bitcoin, needs to accept that 51% attacks are possible and that it requires a conscious effort of the community to keep it to a minimum. As I said initially, pools were an effort to keep mining decentralised, and still does so, but no-one ever said that pools were part of the original design of bitcoin. Pools came about after Satoshi stopped posting and so I even wonder if he envisaged that Bitcoin would evolve the way it did.
P2pool has been around literally for years because of the achilles heel of pools so the community is hardly flat footed, quite the opposite in fact, myself and others were well aware that a pool could grow to 51% but unfortunately (or fortunately depending on how you look at it) until now every pool that got close corrected their behaviour (or miners moved to other pools) so the overbearing need to move more mining to p2pool has not until now been a necessity. Unfortunately p2pool has been neglected and not kept pace with pool innovations so it's usability, efficiency and adoption is behind, but I'm expecting that ghash's behaviour will be the pressure everyone needs to start getting p2pool up to scratch and to get more p2pool adoption happening.
The same thing has happened with other aspects of mining like when CPU mining moved to GPU. You probably don't know, but GPU mining software was not open sourced initially and a few that were able to code mining clients to utilise GPUs had a huge mining advantage. Everyone was pissed, since those that were using gpu mining were making a killing (not to mention the chance they could effortlessly 51% the network). Many people bitched, but the community also banded together to fundraise the opensourcing of one of the implementations to even the playing field. There was no magic piece of code to prevent gpu mining so that CPU miners weren't left behind. It took community action. This is how it's always worked. I'm sure the exact same thing will happen this time round too.
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:08:44
Back in April, I'd agree with you. But not anymore, Mt Gox has done an excellent job at promoting usage of various other exchanges over the last 9 months. Their continual lack of transparency, reliability, and lack of action to keep their exchange running smoothly means it has not been a viable exchange for months now. It no longer has brand, good history, or a market share that it can use to keep people coming back.
In times past people depended on Mt Gox, but this time it simply isn't the case. It's implosion will not leave any lasting damage because (thank goodness) many newer, and better run exchanges have already had time to fill the voids in liquidity made by Mt Gox and can easily grow to fill the rest of the voids Mt Gox leaves now that it is no longer a market participant.
@_date: 2014-02-18 03:11:44
Agreed, I hope they don't fail too, but I feel I have to call it as I see it. Their protectiveness and secrecy may help shield them, but it is also making the community very edgy around them. Being a pioneer has meant they have shown newer exchanges what not to do, so yes, they've taken the heavy hits so that newer exchanges didn't have to, but they have also developed a huge reputation, and have handled the vast majority of transactions, which means they got a hefty amount of revenue for being that pioneer. Since last year though, they have been less and less communicative, and pretty much the only thing that keeps them in business now is their brand, the fact that they are the oldest, longest running, and for a while there, the biggest of the exchanges.
Their problems are fast wearing away that reputation though, and unless they actually show tangible improvement, and solve some of their long-standing problems, they aren't going to last much longer IMO.
@_date: 2014-01-24 10:49:59
Compared to paypal I have plenty of incentive.
A real world example is the fact that a friend asked me to send 22 GBP to a guy in Britain since he doesn't have a credit card, but the guy in Britain only accepted paypal.
First I need a credit card, and I needed a bank account which required a drivers licence. OK already had that, unfortunately my friend didn't. Next I needed to link the bank account I use with the credit card. Upon doing so I had to verify that I controlled the account by keying in 2 tiny deposits. I had to wait at *least* 3 days, maybe up to 5 and if I messed up I'd get charged $5. 3 days later, after having to go check my local ATM 3 times, I get the info. I go home and key it in, confirmed. NOW if I wanted to send money I have to use my linked account to do an EFT (electronic funds transfer) between paypal and the bank to even get a deposit into my paypal account that I could use. This takes ANOTHER 3-5 days (right now, I am still waiting 3 days later). And even after that, they fuck me on the exchange rate, restrict which countries I send to, can freeze my funds arbitrarily, and even when the guy gets the funds, it is not released for at least several days and a chargeback could happen up to a month later. It is/has been a complete cluster fuck, and I'm still waiting a week later, to do a once off sending of a puny amount of money for a friend.
If the guy accepted Bitcoin, it wouldn't matter where he was or who he is, or what it's for, I'd be able to use coinjar and a simple android app or electrum that could be setup in minutes, take a 5 mintue walk down to the bank with cash in hand, no ID checks necessary, deposit $50, get the coins in a couple hours, then send them to the guy and bam, he has his money barely a few hours later, and can use whatever services his end to convert/store the funds as soon as he gets it, no waiting around and no risk the funds go up in smoke later with a chargebank. For me there's no drivers licence, no bank account, no credit card, no waiting up to a goddamn week, no-one freezing my funds if they don't like who I'm sending to or why I'm sending, and no shitty currency conversion rate with the potential for other arbitrary fees lumped on top. What's more, *I wouldn't have to do it on my friend's behalf*.
Fuck paypal. Bitcoin, as it continues to pick up is going to *destroy* the established remittances market, even with the current learning cure, the incentive is just too strong.
Edit: And lets not forget, the currency conversion is inevitably going to change between the time I authorise the EFT and 3 days later when I get the funds, regardless of whether it goes up of down, I will either have to authorise more than needed and risk the conversion going below the specific amount I want to send, or over authorise (which I did) and screw around transferring a few cents back, or just eat the loss and send the whole lot, even if it is too much.
@_date: 2014-12-28 04:05:49
All the big players have staked out their position in the fiat world, and it is very firmly rigged in big businesses favour to make sure everyone stays poor and they stay rich, you will never make a difference there. However, the barrier to entry is almost zero when it comes to acquiring Bitcoin, there is no boy's club. I support a system where everyone has a chance to build and be a part of a system which doesn't discriminate, if you choose to do nothing, feel sorry for yourself, bemoan the worlds unfairness while every opportunity passes you by, then this is not my fault.
Your dooming and glooming over orders of magnitude rises is ill-informed. The free market handles these price rises in value very simply, everyone has a price where they sell, and the market reflects that, Bitcoin prices have never risen and not gone down because if people want to take advantage of their rise in value they *have* to sell, there is no interest rate for people to get fat on where they can sit around and do nothing like you describe, that is what fiat users do, if your Bitcoin goes up in value, you may have millions, but if you don't spend it you will starve and die, and there is also the likelihood it will go done in value too and price rises have clearly demonstrated that they spur people to spend/sell.
@_date: 2014-11-16 13:43:32
We will never move past the need for money IMO. Alan Watts put it very simply. Money is a representation of what you owe the community, and what the community owes you. 
More importantly Alan makes an even huger implication about humans and their standing in a world where machines do all the work of humans. He implies that once all the machines do all the work, everyone will be out of a job, so no-one will buy the products that the machines make, given this situation he simply says it the the machines who should be paying us to but their products. The biggest problem is how do you give machines the power to issue credit?
This I feel is where Bitcoin and DACs come in. Essentially everyone will be able to runs nodes on DACs that are powered by Bitcoin and each node's use will generate money that the person can then use on other DACs, thus solving the "how are machines going to pay humans to use their products" problem.
The talk is quite fascinating. Starts around 12:35
@_date: 2014-01-03 04:29:34
~~Yes it does. The prisoners dilemma is a scenario, not an outcome. It can be balanced in myriad ways.~~ In the context of Bitcoin's mining strategy, it is always more advantageous to work together unless there is some advantage to destabilising the security of the network. If they are such a miner with that degree of control, they automatically have the most to lose unless there is a greater advantage outside the Bitcoin system that could incentivise them to adopt such a strategy which is incredibly unlikely if they got into that position of power in the first place, like being crowned king, and then deciding to salt the land, kill all the cattle, sink your navy, etc. kind of scenario. 
The balance of incentives/disincentives creates a ~~prisoners dilemma~~ scenario opposite to the prisoners dilemma where the best strategy is to cooperate in all situations. Fundamentally, acting in their own self-interest is also the best outcome for the group.
Edit: On looking into it further, I think I got my wires crossed, I should have said that the Bitcoin's dynamics breaks the prisoner's dilemma since it creates a dynamic where cooperation is the only rational outcome.
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:06:58
I never said it was the best way, of course there was a significant PR campaign by banks and special interests to prevent a yes vote, but if people continue to close their eyes to the world around them and act like sheep then that's their problem. They could have chosen a better path, but they obviously need to learn some harsh lessons before they change their behaviour. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:38:14
You used labels and sweeping generalisations rather than actual reasoning to justify your stance, like saying all muslims are terrorists, Greeks are thieves, or women are shallow, or democrats are horrible at managing the budget. Simple as that.
As for people using the same quotes time and again to hold Satoshi up as some personalised political messiah, I have already written a [long post explaining how and why these quotes have been twisted and how it is not the fact that Satoshi's was demonstrating political bias]( 
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:56:36
This was brought up not [long ago](
Here's an article discussing the reasons why.
@_date: 2014-03-24 12:51:51
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:33:40
Because we as a community feel shitty that the media is using him for their own ends when they should never have done so. It helps to absolve some of our guilt over this guy being unwillingly thrust into the spotlight, and hopefully eases his life somehow.
I for one have hated how he's being treated, and I'm very glad the community is trying to make it up to him, even though all the media wants to do is have a field day with it.
Ed: I donated too.
@_date: 2014-11-04 07:39:02
Crowdsales don't serve the interest/viability/prosperity of the tech, they serve the interest of those that directly gain from it, and when you do so you will always compromise the integrity of the tech to protect your investors first. When a project is built directly on top of Bitcoin, or on top of it's technology there are still people that gain from it, that being the people that hold/use bitcoin. But projects that piggyback Bitcoin/or take advantage of it's development yet do not let all bitcoin users benefit from that, and instead essentially privatise the advantages, it is obvious it is driven by their own self interest/gain.
If Etherium was all about the tech then they wouldn't have had their absurd funding drive. If the tech was sound they easily could have open sourced it and I'm certain devs would have flocked to it to help it grow. Litecoin even though it is a copycat, is still one of the few other viable coins out there and I'm still certain it's existence is attributed to it's distribution, and contribution to the code not being monopolised.
As you say, I don't like them because they do crowdsales. And the reason is that it runs counter to the decentralised nature of Bitcoin's growth. Crowdsales is simply centralising and privatising growth and development so that people with the most money can not only get privileged access to these techs first, but can also reap the benefits first, and everyone that can't get access is treated as second class users. The tech no longer gets to grow based on it's merit, it is forced to grow because a small group with vested interests get to call the shots and make bank if they can get enough people to use it, even if it's utility is far inferior to other alternatives.
Bottom line is the tech takes a back seat to profit, and that completely undermines the project.
Edit: For clarification, when I make mention that Etherium could have opensourced, I also mean they could have made distribution of Ethers completely open too without compromising development.
@_date: 2014-03-10 06:03:08
That's because he has a fragile ego and lashes out ad hominem style rather than actually offer reasoned retorts. And he excuses his bad behaviour with a veneer of ideology and righteousness. I myself try to be openminded and am more interested in the truth, rather than useless idealistic platitudes. He thought I was a soft touch and that similar abusive treatment would silence me, so rather than explain himself, he dug in, then doubled down, and it simply looked comical. Fragile egos need to realise just how immature they are in the open so I let him go to see how far he'd dig himself into a hole (it was impressively deep I must say). 
Him [comparing karma scores]( and loling over downvotes was amusing as hell, I've never actually seen someone use their karma to make themselves feel superior before so that was impressively shallow. That's the calibre of intellectual depth he has to offer, the rest is mindlessly agreeing with those that fit his own viewpoint.


I hadn't communicated with him for a year since his last attempt, but on agreeing with witcoins, he played the coward and decided to sneak in responses thinking I wasn't aware, so I decided to call him out on claiming that I was attacking him behind his back. It was entertaining to see him scramble so quickly to put me down after I [held him to his previous statements]( I've never replied to his statements in this sub, but since he decided to weigh in, I obliged him the opportunity to see where it would go.
@_date: 2014-11-02 16:58:06
I suggest, as a researcher, you don't have any self perceived notions of how Bitcoin *should* work. I've followed Bitcoin for many years now and seen the bots rise and fall over time and I can confirm that the only reason botnets found it unprofitable is because ASICs overtook them. And this had a myriad of benefits, if you are curious as to what they are I'll be happy to list them. Without ASICs, botnets would have perverted Bitcoin's incentives and made it more profitable to commit criminal activity, than it would have been to operate in the legal area, and it would have centralised mining in a disastrous way. The only reason we don't see more botnet activity on other alts is because alt's are not profitable enough because they are still too small.
@_date: 2014-10-05 12:57:56
When you see the hold meme and the Rodrigue's bubble chart on the front page, along with a bunch of self posts on why this is good/bad, you know we've hit price frenzy mode.
@_date: 2014-09-20 13:16:16
Numerous bitcointalk threads covered this in the early days. In short, it came down to how much electricity it cost to generate one block of 50 coins, since there really were only two ways to get coins, generate them aka mining, or buy them, in the early days Bitcoins were plentiful and easy to acquire via mining so it came down to which was easiest to do, if you could get the number of coins you wanted via mining it would still cost you the electricity to generate them, but it was still much easier/safer to mine than buy. So even the absolute simplest method of acquiring bitcoins still had an attached cost to it, that being CPU mining and spending electricity to get them (time and money went into every block mined, even in the earliest days). Some considered this a kind of intrinsic value as it was impossible to acquire them without some minimal effort of some sort. 
@_date: 2014-01-21 08:51:11
I'm not sure PoS would help, and retroactively implementing core rule changes to fix dogecoin will in all likelihood be a nightmare, since you need to organise the whole community to stand behind it. Not to mention the reputational hit to dogecoin when people realise the infrastructure is critically flawed and unsustainable. Implementing p2sh in Bitcoin was a monumental effort that took several months and was plagued with petty politics, even though it was obvious and should have been a non-controversial upgrade.
I like dogecoin's atmosphere, and would like some doge to play with myself, but I'm concerned this will be an experimental coin that will implode on itself, and may even destroy what it worked to initially achieve, that being making people more familiar with, and less afraid of cryptocurrrencies and fostering a friendly, giving, encouraging community. Having dogecoin implode could see all that backfire.
@_date: 2014-10-05 16:03:31
Not attacking you, just being realistic. A move to &lt; 32 in light of Bitcoin's obvious growth, and improvement is simply not realistic (back then there was zero ASIC mining, almost no one accepted it, only one reputable exchange, etc.), back then it was realistic because Bitcoin was in no way near as capable as it is now. Now Bitcoin is far more capable and useful. To value it like it was back then is not realistic.
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:19:29
I'd personally encourage them to shelve any/all plans until they actually understand how Bitcoin works, and why Bitcoin is successful. Almost any direct governmental interference with a blockchain based model will immediately make it less free compared to Bitcoin and will likely leak value to the cryptocurrency(s) that is more free. By default Bitcoin is the free-est possible implementation, so any new blockchain has to be free-er than Bitcoin to at least be competitive, and prevent value leaking from their leaky-coin to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:54:30
That makes two of us, myself, a relative nobody in this community does everything right to keep my Bitcoins safe etc. , and then we get well respected, supposedly careful Bitcoin identities taking huge risks, and making huge mistakes that could've been very easily avoided.
I've even been scoffed at and chided for ramming it down people's throats that storing coins on an exchange is extremely dangerous. Very frustrated indeed.
@_date: 2014-01-23 03:07:24
Dogecoin is popular because it is a meme, that is not enough. Bitcoin is extremely popular because people use it as money. Even with that said, Bitcoin's network still has a significant block reward to ensure growth over the years. However, all Dogecoins will be mined in 12 months time, so there will be no incentive to mine unless there is an astonishing amount of transactions moving across the Dogecoin network. This IMO is a poison pill for Dogecoin, you simply can't expect an immature community to become even stronger than Bitcoin in 12 months. Not even Bitcoin could survive on fees alone and it has a very large market capitalisation. $500 million is peanuts and it's coin distribution/block propagation times is going to kill itself I'm afraid.
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:15:31
Actually OP clearly stated,


@_date: 2014-12-22 15:37:45
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:57:18
I think this is one of the only times I actually agree with witcoins. Throwaway-o uses intimidation and bullying to be heard, and to silence his critics, and he has done so many times. I refuse to engage him in any discussion because of his flagrant hostile attitude to others that disagree, and his double standards regarding force, he has no qualms with [imtimidating and bullying those that disagree with him](
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:06:51
This usually varies from client to client. Some like Electrum and Armory, use deterministic wallets and can generate addresses without needing incremental backups. If you are using a blockchain.info I think the new addresses are incrementally backed up, but I'm not sure. It pays to find out from about the client so you know what or when you should backup your wallet.
Work is well underway to create a standard so that wallets can be shifted from client to client without worrying about these details but that may be several or more months off yet.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:03:43
It's a far better option compared to any other option out there right now.
I'd trust a Trezor far more than a conventional PC, a full blown PC has all manner of closed source proprietary software/hardware all mashed together in a hugely complex and over-engineered system when it comes to storing, and signing Bitcoin transactions. The more complex it is, the more likely bugs will emerge.
Trezor uses a minimum amount of hardware to fulfil it's use cases, has software specifically written for this piece of hardware, has open sourced everything so that exploits, deliberate or not are constantly being screened for, and isolates the keys onto a piece of hardware with minimal avenues for extracting them from.
I'll choose the simplified, transparent, specialised hardware/software wallet over an off the shelf, over engineered, proprietary, closed source, hugely complex PC/tablet/phone/whatever.
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:37:13
* Does OP know who owns the coins?
No he does not, the seller neither mentioned that fact and so OP cannot reasonably expect that the seller does, or does not own the coins, or know of who the wallet might belong to if not the seller, or knew of the coins existence on the machine in the first place.
* Does he know the owner has lost them? 
If that's the case and he is the only one with the machine that controls the coins how can the person that sold the machine prove ownership, for all he knows the seller could have been handling stolen property or the wallet could have belonged to an owner previous to the seller taking possession of the machine.
* Does he know that the seller had Bitcoins on the machine?
OP has no idea if the seller knew the coins were on the machine or not, so OP is not under an obligation to find out whether the seller knew. 
Furthermore OP is not obliged to go through the hassle to reunite the coins with the owner. OP knows the wallet is old, with an old blockchain long unsynchronised, so if he knows the coins haven't moved for a while and the seller has made no mention of it, then OP has already done enough due diligence in my book. The only thing left now is for the seller to come forth to claim the coins, otherwise OP should be fully entitled to them.
You might disagree but you need to come to grips that property gets lost, and sometimes people hand off property in sales with unknown hidden value. The finder is not meant to be a saint that must search high and low to find, verify, and reunite the property with the owner. 
You are constantly putting the responsibility at the feet of OP but never once have you put the responsibility at the feet of the seller. 
* The seller should have been using a wallet that encrypted the wallet in the first place.
* The seller should have checked for insecure wallets on a machine he was selling and removed them.
* The seller should have made encrypted backups of any wallets he was using.
* The seller should have kept their funds in offline paper backups.
* The seller should have multiple encrypted backups.
* The seller should have wiped the machine or removed the hard drive before selling it on.
^ ^ ^ None of these failures on the seller's part is OPS fault in any way, yet you feel happy to persecute the OP as an opportunistic thief, and the seller as an unsuspecting victim. The seller was obligated to do all the above and more because this is how Bitcoin needs to be used. The above is not an optional afterthought, these are mandatory security practices, no sensible user leaves an unencrypted wallet on a machine like OP found so it lends credence to the fact that these are lost coins.
You need to stop pegging the obligation on the OP in every circumstance and start scrutinising the seller more. OP as I already said shouldn't be going out of his way to reunite the coins with their owner. In all likelihood these are lost/forgotten coins and OP has done enough due diligence on his part. If the seller cared about the coins on the machine they should have been doing the above points, and lacking that, it is up to the seller to track down the OP to get his coins back if he was moronic enough to *actually sell a machine with an unsecured wallet that contains 60 BTC on it*.
@_date: 2014-11-24 13:27:57
So, so, true, sometimes the price moves a bit and all hell breaks loose, sometimes a new website accepts Bitcoin and their enthusiasm is on par to being told they've won the lottery, sometimes, we hear a CEO of some bank/payment processor/politician make a comment on Bitcoin and this is all we are going to hear about for days, regardless of whether it is pro/anti bitcoin. If people ever wonder why trolls stick around, it's because of stupid, silly shit like this. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills sometimes. Some people are so unhinged over the most irrelevant/unimportant things I simply stop posting sometimes because I know absolutely nothing I say is going to ground these people.
Also, have an internet for making me think more shit had hit the fan before I clicked, not gonna say I was panicked by that obviously inflammatory title, but it did make me think "oh boy what happened *this* time". Well played. 1 internet
@_date: 2014-01-14 08:15:22
There is no interest (from savings) in the Bitcoin currency, nor is there a government's GDP to prop up the value and provide some kind of assurance of it's value. Unless the Bitcoin user invests wisely, he can't simply sit on his stash and expect it to guarantee to rise, in either amount or value. The economy must grow in value somehow and the ones the the largest vested interest is those with the most Bitcoins, so they are not only the ones that risk the most, they are also the ones with the largest vested interest in seeing it continue to grow in value, they also have the most money at their disposal to invest to ensure it continues to grow. Large holders don't get a free ticket to millionaires-ville.
There is also HUGE risk in holding Bitcoins, especially a huge portion of your life savings. If you held 1000 bitcoins (a modest 14k) at the beginning of the year you would have ridden the rise to 1.25 million, yay you, but then gone pale as your million dollars halved as the price wobbled and sunk, with no guarantee it was ever going to see 1 million again. It is a hugely speculative, and hugely risky currency. Even still, the risk would have paid off handsomely with a monstrous 500k at a 35 times increase. AnonbitcoinGambler did this very thing, and he was in huge debt, and also took out a huge loan on his credit card. I was very angry at him risking further debt and putting his future and family in such a situation, but it paid off for him. But I digress.
Everyone that only risked what they could afford to lose though would have been laughing and paid the "Bitcoin millionaire" no mind during the volatility as he was shitting bricks. They'd simply be buying as they needed them, and spent then with the volatility making very little difference to their day to day lives.
Compare it to millionaires and billionaires on wallstreet et al., they get guaranteed interest rates for fixed terms, hedge funds, insurance, and for the very rich ... bailouts. They have all manner of tricks and connections to ensure they come out winners regardless (did the rich bankers take a haircut in the Cypress debacle?). Hell, when the economy tanks, *they* are usually the biggest winners. Bitcoin being the risky currency it is drives an incentive for large holders to consolidate their horde by selling when the price is right. This provides liquidity to help stabilise the price, and will continue to distribute the currency among more holders. A bitcoin holder, can't simply leverage their coins at no risk to the coins they hold like many rich people can in the stock market.
What's more those numbers you use are purely speculative. There is almost no way of knowing exactly who owns what, and whether they are lost or not.
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:22:21
*sigh* yep, me too. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 02:25:06
Yep, then he hand waves, finger points, and tries to wish away unpleasant facts by going ad hominem because someone wasn't polite enough, or in my case, dismiss my experience with paypal by attacking my assumption made in the first sentence as a strawman that invalidated the rest of my post. A typical tu quoque to avoid having to address facts that invalidate most of his points.
I've come to expect it from OP, but it is fun to see how he runs himself in circles.
@_date: 2014-03-21 14:03:02
They can do whatever they like with *their* money and it's freedom, Bitcoin does not belong to them and they have no practical jurisdiction over it, just like they don't have a say in what position the moon is in in the sky.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:58:49
Yep, an extremely good thing, because it creates a robust market that is far more resistant to manipulation on any one exchange, creates a far greater number of entry points for liquidity, also means that the temptation of exchanges to do funny business is much reduced because users can easily flee to more reputable exchanges, and means no one country *cough*china*cough* can disrupt Bitcoin's market as easily. Easy arbitration between all of them also means that when a bull run really does hit, it will be a steady rise rather than vertical, which means far, far less volatility (which as we all know is the gremlin that nearly every naysayer points to when they want to vilify Bitcoin). Too many exchanges? pfffff, I want a hundred more exchanges if possible, then let the government see how effective operation "chokepoint" is then.
Any person that says having too many exchanges is a bad thing has ulterior motives that certainly doesn't align with Bitcoin's success.
@_date: 2014-10-22 14:38:45
I know he speculated on alts (posted a fair bit in other alt-subs when I checked his posting history months ago to see what happened to him) and spent a bunch on mining also, so yeah, he definitely didn't take his money out of Bitcoin, he's very likely still gambling with it, trying to make even more rather than taking his winnings and acting more responsibly.
@_date: 2014-08-11 16:52:02
This has been discussed ad-nauseum for a very long time, only 3 weeks ago this very topic was [raised]( yet again. The short answer is that it's not better because it introduces unnecessary complexity as opposed to the incredibly simple halving that executes once every 4 years, as opposed to 220,000 fractionings every 4 years that must be perfectly synchronised across all nodes, operating on different operating systems, node implementations, and hardware. Even the tiniest rounding error, and the network could fork (meaning the Bitcoin network is, to put it as accurately as possible, fucked). The tiny convenience for the huge amount of risk involved is simply nonsensical, and in a decade or so, the "problem" will disappear anyway.
@_date: 2014-10-19 07:59:31


It's not intrinsic, because you can switch out a boot loader for your own if you wanted with your own chip (since the chip's write functionality is burned out to prevent overwriting the bootloader later), if it were intrinsic, it would mean that you could never run that code without the blob, it's not like a playstation where you switch out the BIOS and then can't boot the machine/run games or what have you. There's no DRM in the blob locking down the open sourced parts. As far as it's bearing on it's security is concerned, there is a case to be made there, but it's attack surface is tiny and plays no purpose once control is handed to the software that actually is open source, so it's bearing is secondary at best.


But is the compiler? How about the chips the software is run on? Have you demanded the chip manufacturers open source their chip designs? What about the BIOS? At the end of the day open source is no guarantee. I can very easily broaden the definition of "fully open source" to selectively exclude all manner of software/hardware the way you use it. If you don't trust something, you should have a valid reason as to WHY it's not trustable, open source does not guarantee it's bug free, malware-free or stable etc. If bootloaders on this chip have a history of leaking data then I'd say you have a valid reason to rail at Satoshilabs keeping the source closed, but if your best reason is "it's not fully open sourced" then your suspicions/paranoia is groundless. On top of that Slush/Stick have an excellent reputation among the Bitcoin community, and though that shouldn't mean we should blindly trust them, it does lead credence to their reputation for doing things right, Slush also had a hand in Electrum's development over the years.
If you don't like this, that's your choice, but dismissing their device as less secure simply because the producers are not "fully open sourcing" the bootloader will get you nowhere, especially when you can't even provide a justifiable reason outside of the fact that a tiny part of the device is closed source, they've already stated that it is to [slow competition]( more than any other reason which is perfectly sensible for a company, so rather than complain that someone has done 99% of the effort and get pouty that they won't give you that last 1%, go build your own Trezor like device and write your own boot loader (I doubt it will be cheap from a time/cost perspective either to make something comparable), then open source it yourself, wait an indeterminate amount of time for them to release the code (if ever), wait for the magical 100% "fully open source" product from a competitor to rear it's head since you seem to be intoning that 100% open source is the only acceptable approach to managing security even it that means completely destroying the device's financial viability, or continue to juggle data across machines the old fashioned way with Electrum/Armory, or use other less secure "fully open source" apps on phones etc.
As far as mitigating security risks/holding an artificial monopoly on their product is concerned, they've reached a fairly reasonable compromise IMO. In your case, you'll just have to stay hard core for a little longer until someone decides to reverse engineer the bootloader for the sake of humanity, or until satoshi labs finds there is a stronger need to release the bootloader source over keeping it closed (like breaking even on their costs).
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:29:41
Unfortunately I've seen the whole gamut of bitcoin thefts, hacks, losses, and mightier-than-thous saying it won't happen to them.
YEARS of the same stories over and over. Usually several times a week we hear about it on this sub. Even last week, someone downloaded a trojan under the guise of a stealth address program and it siphoned 20+ BTC away. Gone. I had compassion once, but then people *consistently* refused to heed these very hard lessons that others experienced years ago. I tell you some of them are heartbreakingly tragic and sad. A lot of people did stupid things and lost real money and I really did feel for them. It was still new years ago, scams were only coming to the fore, and hackers were only just beginning to learn of the value of bitcoins. But to keep 20 BTC on an online machine today is madness and downloading and running unverified files without any further regard for the security of those coins is beyond insecure. Does that sound reasonable? It's insane, *noone* should have that amount of money on an online wallet *anywhere* unless it is under many layers of security, and even then, you better be spending those coins pronto, because it won't last long where it is, unless you know exactly what you're doing. Storing anything online is beyond irresponsible unless losing it is only going to leave a sting, like losing $20 or something.
I've read all these stories of losses/thefts reported here and it is very, very depressing, but more than that, over the years it has made me frustrated and a little angry that people are told of these losses from years ago and what not to do, yet still do it and complain later (companies especially should heed lessons of the past too). Even worse, they lose their coins and then refuse to own up to the fact that they made a stupid call. This is not new, scams are in their multitudes here, guides on keeping your coins secure and safe are in the thousands. There is not a lack of information on how to keep your coins safe and secure. The lists of DOs and Don'ts are constantly being added to and refined. Software abounds that is simple, usable, and most importantly safe. There is no excuse now. I won't accept excuses anymore.
Not after 3+ years of reading people commit the same mistakes and ignore the near constant stream of advice from here, the media and elsewhere.
I have never had any coins lost, or stolen, because I have lived by my own advice, and it has been very easy to do too. Been here for 3+ years, used them regularly during that time. No lost coins. It still might happen, but you can be certain that I'll take it on the chin and owe up to the fact that I wasn't careful enough. I won't be posting here crying over it. I will have fucked up, I'll own it, and I'll learn from it.
Call me a dick if you like, but it isn't going to stop people losing their money making stupid decisions. Calling them out and continually reminding them to act responsibly and prudently when it comes to security might. And if they pull some shit like "why didn't anyone tell me to do XYZ", I can very plainly tell them I did, while people like yourself chided me for it.
Edit: said 4 meant 3.
Edit2: And just to highlight my point even more, here's another [disaster unfolding](
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:17:27
They have Overstock gift cards? TIL.
@_date: 2014-10-25 11:01:49
I could be wrong about some of this so take what I say with a grain of salt.
Side/tree chains enable the use of new features into the Bitcoin system (via alt coins that are seeded with Bitcoins) without actually modifying Bitcoin itself. Colored coins is sort of halfway towards a sidechain. You take a coin, mark it as representing a token in a different system (coloring it), then that different system treats transactions that use that colored coin as a representation of a share in a company, which enables dividend payments etc. It still uses the Bitcoin network, but other systems can track that coin and treat it as a stock. At any time though (for example if the company collapses and the stock value is erased), you can still decolor that coin and use it in the Bitcoin system as normal without repercussions.
One of the drawbacks of coloring though is that it adds to blockchain bloat by adding extra information, but if a sidechain could simply use the coin as collateral and then use it's own chain for it's transactions then the Blockchain can sidestep a great deal of potential spam/bloat, and allows alts with desirable features to sidestep the messy distribution problem by already having coins locked. They can then be unlocked if the alt fizzles out, fulfills it's purpose and shuts down or suffers technical problems, it means that people will be putting far less at risk when they use an alt, and can also exchange their coins back to Bitcoin without needing to find an exchange (thus avoiding third party risk) to do it.
Essentially side/tree chains would:
* Reduce bloat/spam on the Bitcoin blockchain, thus making Bitcoin far more scalable.
* Allow the addition of new and experimental features to Bitcoin without altering the system or requiring hard forks.
* Opens up innovation on the Bitcoin blockchain and doesn't potentially squander hashing power on other alts.
* Allows Bitcoin holders to invest in alts with far less risk, and would also allow them to enter/exit the alt without needing alt exchanges to act as intermediaries.
* On an economic note it would also likely make many alts defunct and boost Bitcoin's price significantly since alts would need to be backed by Bitcoin if they wanted to take advantage of the Bitcoin networks massive mining power.
I'm not fully clued up on side/tree chains so I might be wrong on some of these points but I think these are the main advantages. Though there's still lots of work to be done, it's a hugely exciting prospect, I think if this functionality were integrated into Bitcoin it would be fantastic from an innovation point of view, essentially all the alts we know of now could exist (and easily coexist) on the blockchain and every user could take advantage of it's properties, rather than have to go all in on a particular alt and risk volatility, low security because of reduced hashrates, or other unknowns.
Edit: One thing I should also add regarding what you said. Side/tree chains also weed out the the pump and dumpers from the true innovators while also rewarding alt creators that actually provide genuinely useful alts. Essentially this means that coins created in the alt, which are backed by Bitcoin would still have economic value as long as the alt exists, but people could also back out if they feel the alt is going nowhere, the flip side of this is that people that turn their alt coins back to bitcoins also permanently exit the alt, and can make the alt's coins more valuable because they are now more scarce, thus if the alt is truly useful in the long term but people stream out in the early stages, the devs that still hold coins will not lose value if their alt truly does become a innovative tool later on, that means that if late comers want to buy/use the alt coins they'll have to buy them through traditional exchanges, which will push up the price.
Edit edit: It also means that an alt can still function securely even if transaction volume is low or the value of the coins plummets as miners could still find value in processing the transactions without it hindering mining on the Bitcoin blockchain (at least that is how I understand it).
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:01:24
Never invest more than you are willing to lose. I have said this for years, and I think I'm going to say it more, just because people seem to be utterly blind when it comes to measuring and assessing risk. I'd face palm myself but I'm afraid of bruising my forehead I've been doing it so much lately.
I have told people time and again not to store their coins on exchanges multiple times too. Unfortunately people still refuse to take personal responsibility for their decisions and expect someone else to fix everything for them. These are hard lessons, learned the hard way, but people unfortunately need to experience them, and they need to keep experiencing them until they *fucking learn*.
@_date: 2014-09-26 08:35:31
One public address does not mean he didn't receive significant donations from others away from the public eye. It would be nice to see some confirmation from the man himself, but he seems to have plastered this proclamation in many places, so I'd think if he had any political integrity at all, he would have stuck by this statement, but I guess we'd need to hear it from the horse's mouth.
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:38:39
[Be patient]( :). I'd personally prefer slow adoption rather than an avalanche of buying. There is still lots of room to grow and slow incremental adoption is much better for Bitcoin in the long term. Highly speculative buying is not necessarily good, and it would be better if all these avenues of liquidity get some time to stretch their legs, rather than be forced to do a 100m sprint as soon as they open.
As to where the buy pressure is, well, most people don't use the stock market, so I doubt most people are going to be speculating with Bitcoin either, as more merchants get on board though, more and more people have reasons to use Bitcoin, same with remittances, same with other financial areas. People will use Bitcoin when they need to use Bitcoin, they won't simply be using Bitcoin for the hell of it or be looking to find excuses to use Bitcoin like some of us ;). 
Be patient, and lets do some cool shit with Bitcoin in the mean time :).
@_date: 2014-02-19 12:26:32
The fuck? If [linked it correctly]( this is regarding a discussion between nearly a year ago between Andreas and another user on how to address crime, with the other person condoning the use of drones to be used by civilians to keep themselves safe regardless of the fact that it really fixed nothing.
This is the original quote, and he was saying this because the other user had no interest in addressing corrupt cops and crime in the area and was more interested in a quick fix, give me a drone so I can be safe and fuck addressing the underlying problem kind of mentality. Kind of like how retarded it would be if polygraphs were used as evidence in a court of law.
 


@_date: 2014-01-28 17:12:18
Honest question. Evorhees has been a staunch Bitcoin  proponent, made a successful business via Bitcoin and has taken risks that few dared to take. What have you done?
@_date: 2014-11-17 15:57:55
I think some people are finally getting it...
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:46:12
Yep, I'd rather have one digital decentralised currency that is rock solid but doesn't cater to every geek/anarchist's wet dream than a currency that proclaims to do everything and has compromised on security/stability to such an extent there is no telling when/how it may implode down the line. The innovations they proffer are simply compromises where they put features ahead of safety and stability, and the features aren't even that important, I'd much rather see features where the blockchain can be compressed and optimised where the network could avoid storing every single transaction or something, or a solution to the 10 min propagation window, or something that has tangible benefits for the entire network, not proposing to solve theoretical use cases that only 1% of people actually want/need.
Aside from the whole notion that a Turing complete scripting engine is even necessary, the funding raises a huge red flag. The developers will have a huge bias towards intellectual dishonesty, and feel compelled to hide issues, and bugs to protect their investors and their product. The distribution of rewards also siphons the rewards for work early miners do to the investors, essentially taxing those that don't get in on the ground floor, and in the process immediately creating a divergence between upper and lower class users. It also stifles any potential innovation because there is no even playing field because of this.
And don't even get me started on this fanciful 10,000 currencies ... at least as it stands now most alts are distinct and separate blockchains, and only linked economically (even if many do copy the Bitcoin codebase, they still have autonomy where they can fix issues, and hardfork at their own discretion), if Etherium were the foundation of a bunch of currencies, then one borked line of code could technically undermine the stability and value of every currency built on it.
Nothing about this proposal seems like a good idea.
@_date: 2014-02-12 06:04:36
Yeah, cross-chain tumbling would make it impossible to track, especially with the completely unregulated, uncontrollable, and frictionlessness that a few tor based BTC/ALT exchanges could provide. Good luck trying to stop that.
@_date: 2014-03-15 17:36:10
I also think that Bitcoin will have a shelf-life, but I'm certain it will be going strong for decades to come, *maybe* in 20-30 years we'll see something new, but TBH, Bitcoin right now has enough to see significant adoption, as well as significant room for scaling up over time (along with the option of co-opting new features that can remain compatible, or if necessary enough, could be hard forked to incorporate), eventually a ceiling will definitely be reached, and only then, will there actually be a need to solve them. In my mind two of the most important features that need to be completely revolutionised in order for a replacement to ever compete with Bitcoin is, IMO, finding a better way to prevent double spends (currently solved using POW), and decentralisation of the blockchain (which gives the network it's resilience and robustness while ensuring 100% verifiability of transactions, but needs the entire chain of transactions to properly verify). Both have drawbacks and in certain ways, they both hinder scaling, though many very smart people are working on minimising these limitations (and Bitcoin still has heaps of room to grow in any case). 
So that's what an alt needs to shoot for, and to be frank, solving one of these, such that it is an order of magnitude better, probably won't cut it, and even if either of these problems are solved, it will be a decade minimum before it occurs because there is no pressing problem to solve these issues, it will only be when the network shows signs that it can no longer scale that solutions such as creating a completely new alt will be sought, and besides that, it's very likely that the solution may include advances in cryptography, communication, storage, etc. that simply haven't been discovered yet, since if they did, we probably wouldn't be using Bitcoin's design, but something far slicker. Both problems will have to be solved by an alt that wants to surpass Bitcoin, and both solutions will need to be a massive improvement over the existing system in order to displace Bitcoin, otherwise any new solution will still be ignored by Bitcoin's "good enough" status, the very significant infrastructure that supports it, and will also have the backing of the massive network effect it has taken many years to establish. It will have to make Bitcoin look like how we look at the old financial system compared to Bitcoin now.
All that said though, I'm not holding out for this scenario playing out. Satoshi has already done the impossible, and though I'm certain it will spawn more innovations, it will likely take many years, and probably more like decades before we'll ever be considering an alt being a far superior alternative to Bitcoin, and that's simply because network effect really is that powerful. Until we see something completely different to Bitcoin, Bitcoin ain't going away.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:11:50






@_date: 2014-02-20 04:45:03
I'd contend that most fraud that requires a chargeback is actually the result of stolen CC info (I have no number with me so thats a guess), so even if we factored stolen/lost money, it is still counterbalanced by the huge vulnerability consumers face when their info is stolen and the resulting opportunities for fraud that requires chargebacks compared to Bitcoin. And consumers aren't really protected anyway, the bank/payment processor simply spreads around the loss, first to the merchant that has to foot the risk and take the hit when a chargeback happens, who then factors that into their prices so consumers pay a little more.
There's no counterparty risk in Bitcoin so no fraud can result from the bank/payment processor running off with the money or having that money stolen, so the only time a chargeback is necessary is if the merchant defrauds the customer, and this should be mitigated to a certain extent by making the customer more vigilant about trading with merchants with a good rep, and other consumer protection laws where the customer can dispute the fraud in court. This should make merchants fight to be more reputable by establishing better reputations and make for a safer business environment all round. 
I honestly believe banks, payment processors, and CC companies are playing the consumer protection card because they are fast running out of reasons for why Bitcoin is a bad idea. It'll be interesting to see where they more the goalposts next.
@_date: 2014-07-05 16:51:40
The newest Armory 0.92 rc1 might be what you are looking for, there are also a few tutorials out on the net and on the armory site too that guides you step by step on how to create and spend from multi sig addresses. I think it's definitely worth checking out.
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:47:34
If it's any consolation, I've been through this volatile phase 3 times previously and right now it's obvious that people still haven't learnt that this is the nature of a small market. It will become less volatile over time and it definitely has since I've been following Bitcoin, so take comfort in that. People spending Bitcoin is not going to kill it, if anything this is simply shaking out the speculators, real users are far more important than a market full of speculators and traders, since users spend, buy more and spend again, they help create a solid floor of value for Bitcoin to sit upon. Speculators provide no such confidence, and traders prey on other's emotions and carefully time markets to capitalise on fluctuations, they can and will happily sell to zero without a second thought. I'm not trying to say this to comfort you or anything, I'm simply saying I've seen this happen at least three times previous and nothing this time round has indicated in any way that Bitcoin is going to die, like some trolls would like you to believe. Simply accept the loss or sell until you feel the risk is low enough that you can live with losing it all if the worst comes. Then go out and start using Bitcoin rather than waiting for Bitcoin to make you rich. 
If you are a user, rather than a (heavily invested) speculator or trader, then the price dips will hardly affect you, so the more users we get, the better. Stop obsessing over price, and be more obsessed over merchant adoption, transaction volume, legal frameworks integrating Bitcoin so that business can interact with Bitcoin with less risk, the new tech popping up around the Bitcoin blockchain, better, safer, more integrated, and more feature-full wallets, decentralised markets, Open Transactions, crowdfunding like lighthouse, the possibility of a Bitcoin etf, and other hedge funds using Bitcoin, VC investments into Bitcoin startups, even more ATMs, new exchanges, Bitcoin core developments, etc. etc. These things are completely separate from the price in many instances and have a far greater bearing on whether Bitcoin will make it or not, and all indications are these things are exploding with activity and seeing positive returns.
@_date: 2014-12-24 14:29:36
It's not really an elephant in the room when the media immediately mention Silk Road whenever Bitcoin is even whispered, which they have been literally doing for years now.
The fact is that the vast majority of people who don't really know anything about a topic simply parrot what they are told. The internet was also demonised as being a tool for criminals etc. largely perpetuated by the media also.
Once people actually take the time to learn what Bitcoin is and what it's capable of, only then can you really get an informed opinion out of them.
Regarding the anonymity, it's not going to happen, people are private creatures, it's part of what makes us human and even if governments tried to pry back the curtain on Bitcoin transactions, others will actively find ways to go dark again. 
@_date: 2014-12-04 08:21:12
Yep, I've found remindme bot to be invaluable for proving know-alls wrong on the price. I've got quite a few silent remindme's setup for the next year because one person or another has arrogantly made baseless claims and is not expecting to be called out on it.
I've also found they're conspicuously absent when they are wrong. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:20:00
It's called gist.
The gist of your reasoning is, simple people have simple needs and simple minds.
Bitcoin too hard, therefore not useful.
Edit: funny how you kneejerk on the first sentence and ignore everything *that was actually addressing why you are wrong*.
@_date: 2014-02-19 12:05:14
You forgot to mention the price volatility. 
The price is obviously the most important aspect of Bitcoin, and it's sudden rise and drop in value is obviously the reason why it won't succeed. /s
@_date: 2014-10-22 14:44:24
I agree, but I think everyone would see it as a pyramid scheme regardless because, given the hypothetical, it's strongest adherrents would be solely focused on getting more participants to pump up the price so they can cash out.
Bitcoin is indeed not a pyramid scheme, but many trolls and the some in the media hold fast to it being one regardless, I'm saying that given the hypothetical situation, it would probably make it look even more like one even though it is definitely not.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:56:28
I think it's very much the case that speculative buying has diminished somewhat and now we are seeing some serious usage happening. It means even if the price was unreasonably high at 900+, usage and adoption is slowly churning coins in/out of the system at a regular pace which is why the price has endured the recent bad news.
The economy has/is growing into the speculative price increase with real commerce rather than being propped up with speculative emptiness.
Good stuff.
@_date: 2014-09-13 17:55:09
Sorry, let me rephrase, I meant IBM is big, and IBM didn't get big by going against governments, which is why IBM will never make a succesful alternative to Bitcoin.
IOW, the big succesful companies out there play by government's rules, otherwise they simply never would have gotten big to begin with.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:30:24
Make sure you remind your wife that Cyprus and Venezuela  feels the same way.
Also don't forget that Bitcoin has had these exact same troubles in the past too. This really is nothing new.
@_date: 2014-12-11 01:49:19
I think the official term is "hookers and blow".
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:47:10
Mirrors my feelings *precisely*. Unless you have a bot trading, and even then you should be trusting only a small amount to a bot, that money should be locked up tight in cold storage.
Sometimes people really do need to lose it all before they realise it *can* happen to them, even those that are well known faces in the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:22:21
It's true that traditional bittorrent is not monetised, but it means creators can at least distribute content without any infrastructure to huge numbers of people in a scalable and efficient way. Coupling bittorrent and bitcoin together would be the ultimate decentralised content and monetising network that could completely turn content distribution on it's head!
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:31:21
March 05th, 2014 11:44:00 JST $385 /BTC
@_date: 2014-02-19 07:56:02
Robocoin "security measures" + stealth addresses + coinjoin = middle finger to government agencies
Can't wait to see it rolled out as a default feature in all wallets.
@_date: 2014-09-23 08:03:53
See? How could you possibly connect a talking hairpiece to criminal activity :)
@_date: 2014-10-20 05:54:11
I for one say "do not risk more than you can afford to lose" because [I don't want people to blame others, myself or Bitcoin for their bad decision making]( and the other fact is that Bitcoin is downright risky, if you buy Bitcoin you need to be fully aware of it's volatility and that it could drop to 0 at any time. That's often not good enough for trolls though.
Trolls like TPR like to have it both ways, I'm a dick if I told them to risk their money with bitcoin, and [I'm also a dick by telling them to not risk large amounts of money buying Bitcoin]( the only thing that makes sense to them is that Bitcoin and anyone even remotely associated with it are evil, scamming, scumbags. 
This is the narrative, and any deviation is unacceptable.
I think this blog post gives a fairly good rationale for the [cognitive dissonance trolls experience](
@_date: 2014-01-02 11:33:20
Yep, incredibly well written, without ever glossing over anything. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:37:53


lol, can you even read? Let, me re-quote them since you didn't even READ my previous post.




That's right my extreme vested interest is to make sure people don't get too obsessed with Bitcoin's price because the price simply won't kill it, and to never risk large amounts of money on it.


I never told them to hold, I told them to never risk more than they can afford to lose.
Let me repeat it a few more times so it sinks in a bit.
Never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Get it? If not, I can repeat it a few more times for you.
@_date: 2014-11-02 19:40:43
*sigh* I was around during the CPU era, when people wanted greater efficiency, they resorted to either hardware, or software, when software (utilising more cores) ran out people naturally gravitated to hardware (that being GPUs). No matter what you do people are going to strive for efficiencies, and they will choose the path of least resistance. If hijacking computers to run software is the easiest. Guess what, they're going to do it.
This is not a technical game, it is an economic and game theory scenario.
As an additional tidbit, when someone was the first to write software to utilise GPUs to mine, there was a short term uproar, but instead of infighting/monopoly behaviour, most banded together to fund (via bitcoin) the release existing GPU mining code in order to level the playing field.


Look up mystery miner in the bitcointalk forums and I already linked existing botnets in the paper previously.
 (not sure if it was ever confirmed)
There's also ample evidence of bitcoin miner malware out there. You need to do your own research rather than depending on me to find it all for you. Besides, you are the one claiming that pure CPU mining is more viable than ASIC mining. 
I'm yet to see you disprove a single statement I've made.
@_date: 2014-03-30 14:53:27
You must be new here, since that never scared away merchants the last 3 times we had huge run ups and plunged later. And the drops have been far far steeper than the price dropping to a third of Bitcoin's current ATH. Merchants already know of Bitcoin's fluctuations, and for that matter, the vast majority of merchants use Bitpay or another intermediary to convert to fiat immediately so it has zero impact on their bottom line.
The price going up and down is irrelevant to a merchant.
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:17:44
No, I have experience, or did you so selectively gloss over the first link before?
Here it is again.
@_date: 2014-11-30 15:35:18
They've made their choice, they made it in a democratic way, if it works out for them or not they can't blame the government, bureaucratic system or anyone else but themselves. I strongly feel they've willingly walked into the banksters hands though. 
Poor bastards.
@_date: 2014-03-06 14:35:43
Yeah. One thing that is absolutely clear is that Satoshi spoke as a native english speaker, flawlessly. I've taught many japanese over a period of years and I can tell you that native Japanese speakers rarely, if ever, have such eloquent english, neither in speech, or writing.
I'm seriously sceptical, and a little worried about this journalist's outright reveal, especially when there is a strong likelihood this guy is just a guy called satoshi nakamoto which in the reporters (flawed IMO) eye's see this guy as the real Satoshi but wants nothing else than to rip the curtain aside regardless of the consequences. Nick Sczabo (I think that is the spelling) had a stronger likelihood of being satoshi compared to this guy as far as I'm aware.
People seem to be lapping this article up though and I'm seriously worried this poor guy is going to cop some serious flack from this asshole reporter. And even if he was Satoshi, I'd still feel exactly the same, this reporter is an asshole.
@_date: 2014-01-19 01:34:06
There have been a [bunch of productive discussions on this topic]( and others related to the whys. I urge you to check them out.
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:03:44


Probably because it's already days old news and adds nothing new. 
IOW it's not "news" it's reposting stuff we already know, so it might be more the case that you are projecting that you think users are biased towards "good" news rather than the fact that this shit is old and just more rehashing of something we have already seen several times already.
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:20:54
It's not just you, seeing Bitcoin going from 1200 to only a third of that was a ride in the park compared to the 32 to 2 helltrain of yesteryear. 
2011 was like being forced to watch terrible things being done to puppies and kittens, while also experiencing the beating of a lifetime. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:10:00
I think a lot of miners will be very relieved TBH. They haven't seen the hashrate reach a stable level for years, and it would be nice to see it level out for a while so that existing miners can have some predictable income for a while without having to stress over the difficulty continually skyrocketing.
@_date: 2014-12-21 03:27:50
I read the article and it is as shallow and misinformed as you'd expect.
@_date: 2014-12-05 02:57:33
Bitcoin Black Friday is a big success = That's because no-one wants to hold onto their bitcoins and are trying to get rid of them/ early adopters don't want to be holding the bag, blah, blah, blah.
Bitcoin Friday is a no show = Community faith is at an all time low.
Trying to rationalise things to fit your narrative is pointless, you have no credibility here, no more than any bullish or bearish user. You know nothing of the underlying market movements.
There are all manner of rationalisations why BBF sales stagnated. Maybe it was that the price stagnation was making everyone hold, or maybe BBF reflected other Black Friday sentiment that also showed a slow start, maybe it was because merchants really offered nothing of value and so people chose to buy very little, maybe user interest is low compared to last year, maybe people are saving more, and spending less in general, maybe people don't give a damn about buying stuff with Bitcoin, maybe it's a combination of all of these factors plus a few more, we'll probably never know.
@_date: 2014-07-19 19:24:03
Yep, I 100% agree, they want fiat to be the top tier currency while legislating that Bitcoin always be the 2nd in command, essentially obviating any independence Bitcoin could create for the economy and businesses.
Every bank will likely welcome this kind of legislation. But I think they're in for a shock though, because never in history have they ever had a business say no. Bitcoin is going to change that and they're not going to be able to do a thing about it.
@_date: 2014-08-05 12:32:55
RemindMe! 6 months
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:08:16
Are we comparing length? Or girth?
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:44:21
[Posted something on this]( very recently:
















@_date: 2014-02-20 15:25:53


This is kind of why I want to see Gox's price plummet to single digits, with the rest of the Bitcoin exchanges staying steady at 600, that kind of disconnect would unlikely have the effect of causing a panic to sell on other exchanges since it's obvious the fundamentals are fine and it's simply Gox that is fucked and largely irrelevant. Once the coins are out users have no further reason to believe their funds are threatened. Besides, Gox is going to let the coins out at a trickle anyway, it's part of their security since the hack way back when. Additionally, once withdrawals resume, you can expect the panic to go the other direction as all the fiat holders see the only exit from Gox is the "Bitcoin only" exit.
It truly is a monumental fuckup Gox has created for itself.
@_date: 2014-03-24 10:16:53


In my defence, I've never laughed at people that store money on coinbase et al. more that I am deeply, deeply concerned, because I know that to do so is going to burn them badly down the road, Mt Gox, inputs.io, the recent coinbase bugs, Vicurex up in smoke, etc. is nothing new. The most telling thing is this kind of failure is not new, it has happened for years for various reasons, and it is not going to go away, there will be further (but hopefully less frequent and less damaging) failures, and the main reason is because people continue to store coins with third parties being in control of them.
The common factor linking all of these failures is that users get hurt, and the only reason they get hurt is because they store coins with the site being the one in control. Stop doing this and a massive amount of damage as a result of these failures goes away. Even storing a small amount for spending online, like regular people do with regular money in their wallets and storing the rest safely offline in cold storage gets the best of both worlds and is far better than the all or nothing approach most people *still* use, but even that is not necessary, blockchain.info is even better and still allows easy spending. The best approach though is cold storage. It is not hard, nor is it time consuming, and the piece of mind is bliss. I've practiced cold storage for  nearly 3 years and never have I lost anything or had it stolen, if I do use an online service, the transfer of control lasts a matter of minutes and it is always small amounts at a time.
Average Joes need to realise that Bitcoin is not like regular digital money, it is far more real than a credit card, or an online bank account, once you spend it, someone else owns it, if you lose it or get it stolen, it really is gone. This makes Bitcoin an extremely powerful tool and people need to treat it with the respect it deserves. Until devices like Trezor come out and other usability measures arise to keep Bitcoins safe at exchanges and other sites, Bitcoin security needs to taken far more seriously than it currently is.
@_date: 2014-12-08 04:14:49
 might be worth looking into.
@_date: 2014-03-30 15:35:15
You ignore the fact that over the years merchant adoption of Bitcoin has increased and done so regardless of price. Bitpay and others shield them from the volatility, so merchants have nothing to be scared of regarding acceptance. Cashing out is better than zero acceptance since it helps level out the price by helping to moderate speculative buy/sells. It is definitely not a bad thing, and makes Bitcoins more usable and liquid, in a small market any type of liquidity is important.
FYI the astronomical majority of merchants still don't accept gold either and it is a huge market.
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:03:19
Very true, there's also been zero assurance from gigahash that they are being in any way proactive about avoiding holding too much hash power, and have in general AFAIK been dead silent on suggestions they've ignored/facillitated instances of double spending. BTCGuild, ASICMiner, Slush too I think, made sure when they had a commanding portion of the hash rate, that they'd play nice while they did.
Zip from gigahash as far as I'm aware, so obviously the community is going to be proactive in the absence of gigahash manning up, it's the value of our coins after all that gigahash is playing with.
I so wish p2pool was more plug and play friendly, these sort of issues should have been made redundant a year or two ago. Additionally, where did all the pools go?
@_date: 2014-01-03 13:57:07
They can get you on a technicality and that is all the excuse they need.
Al Capone never got caught for all the gangster shit he did.
They got him on tax evasion, more than enough to get him put away for a long while. Never underestimate the USG's capacity for malice against those that try to work against them.
@_date: 2014-01-30 05:49:09
Yes, I do respond, because liars, and those that take pot shots at other people's expense don't deserve to stand unchallenged. 
I can very clearly see you want the last word so you can feel like you shut me up with your "logic". Keep running your mouth off, and I will continue to put you in your place. It also stands as a record of your character that I can refer to later. Take this douches record for [example] (
Edit:  Nice attempt at trolling with your circular logic BTW.
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:19:41
Bitcoin has been the media's punching bag for years now. 
Their zeal in declaring bitcoin dead so many times is now etched in history now such that it makes many "journalists" look like a laughing stock. Even more apparent is how a journalist's integrity can be measured. Some that derided it have at least been embarrassed enough to go from a negative stance to a neutral one (as they should have been from day one), and even more interestingly I've seen some do a complete 180 as they did what they should have done to begin with, and understand what Bitcoin is, and how it works before they report on it.
Mostly however, we see over the years these same journalists/media outlets, repeating the same mantra, hoping *this time*, they'll be able to call it, and be vindicated for "knowing all along".
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:18:37
Early adopters were also experts at losing their coins and having them stolen too. I think we can also agree that the vast number of early adopters had no idea what they were doing and were very likely average people living in their parent's basements.
It still stuns me how many people insisted on storing their coins with a third party (and often falling for textbook getrich quick schemes/scams). Mybitcoin, bitcoinica, BS&amp;T et al. burnt so many people, *repeatedly* it just boggles the mind.
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:31:13
Unlike others, and especially naysayers that are full of nothing, this man is putting his money where his mouth is. 
I don't condone doing things like this to express such extreme points of view, but he is at least standing by his opinion, rather than flipfloping on the price. Not wise but it's his money and he can gamble it, i just hope it's money he can afford to lose in case things get weird. There's no guarantees in bitcoinland after all.
@_date: 2014-01-11 08:37:46
The difference is that Bitcoin is not government run, and governments (as well as banks because loans generates revenue) want above all else, growth. The best way to stimulate growth (essentially forcing economic activity) is through lending. Banks, being the profit machines they are, exists almost completely for this purpose, so they work hand in hand with governments, to grow the country's economy and quickly and stably as possible. They can force this scenario, because they control the supply of money, they can force people to spend because they can artificially inflate the supply, thus making it less appealing to save, and more appealing to spend, and take loans.
Bitcoin is not subject to this type of control, so the incentive to spend is not forced by banks that can create more money at will and create incentives to spend by devaluing bitcoins. Instead the money is more likely to accrue in value over time, thus creating an incentive to save now and spend later. Most say this is "bad", but they ignore that fact that as more save, the value of their dollars increase faster, thus giving them more money and more incentive to spend (and sooner). The thing is, compared to spending for spending's sake in an inflationary environment, in a deflationary environment, spenders are going to be more discerning, and that means that governments/businesses/banks are going to need to be more competitive, and more pragmatic about what they spend their money on. Mistakes and wasteful spending will be punished, bailouts for greed and stupidity will see people lose their shirts etc. Smart spending/investing rather than speculative spending and investing will be the norm. Governments, and especially banks lose out because people have more power on when/what they spend their money on. What this ignores though is the fact that it would create a far more robust and resilient economy.
With Bitcoin, governments still get a pretty sweet deal since bitcoin still stimulates commerce, but banks lose out big time because far fewer people will need loans since saving is a more appealing activity, compared to spending money as soon as you get it (or getting loans from banks to spend).
@_date: 2014-03-23 02:26:06
It seems I'm not the [only one]( ;)
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:09:05
I think it's more likely to be downvoted because your post title is evidently false.


Unless you can actually provide a reputable source then you're simply spreading misinformation. 
If they say this near the bottom, then it is pretty evident that neither Tim, nor his partner Bhama told anyone what the winning bid was, otherwise you can be sure it would've been the only thing the article would've discussed since aside from the identity, the price of the winninng bid is what everyone wants to know. We'll simply have to wait (however many months/years) for the FOI to tell us, since it's highly likely that no-one is gonna be satisfied until we find out for sure.
I don't see what the fuss is anyway, with only one winner there are 40+ entities willing to shell out a huge amount of money for bitcoins that didn't get a single satoshi. That right there means there's buying pressure that will definitely move the price up.
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:45:18
I addressed this in a [post 2 months ago](






























































@_date: 2014-01-24 17:45:25
They had a huge lead and many, many, many months to fix lingering problems. Handling withdrawals, exchange volume, etc. were things they have dithered on for close to a year, and while they did little tangibly for the users, others saw the opportunity to meet demand, and met it.
How in gods name has withdrawals not been remedied (or even at least improved somewhat) by now?
@_date: 2014-10-08 10:03:28
Probably for the same reason he didn't make Bitcoin turing complete. Too complex, too risky, and not necessary.
Look at the code for halving, it is brilliant in not only it's simplicity but also in it's robustness. I challenge you to find any other alt that even dares to attempt to code something that both critical, and safe.
Other reasons would likely include distributing the vast bulk quickly so that a natural market can form around the valuation, rather than leaving the markets in limbo due to the fact that there's going to be essentially an inflationary system driving down the price of existing coins in circulation for decades, or maybe even hundreds of years to come. Getting most of the coins out there sooner means that the economy can start functioning without the crutch of money printing, which is after all part of the premise for creating the system in the first place (in reference to the times article in the genesis block commenting on of bailing out banks). It also encourages the network to scale, because a lower block reward means miners are actually going to have to work for their pay, right now miners can (and have) mined blocks without including any transaction but their own. This has often been done to avoid orphans, but it's also because there is no reason not to. Lower block rewards means they'll have a *very* strong incentive to include as many transactions as possible with fees to justify mining in the first place, but making everyone pay huge fees to miners early in Bitcoin's life is not advantageous, so the block reward bears the brunt of those fees while adoption increases to a level where paying a fee will be relatively painless. It is a slow shift over many years where we move from a distribution phase where miners and users can get a fair distribution of the total coins, to a system that builds on the money distributed early to grow and eventually reach a self-sustaining system and economy.
We are still very much entrenched in the distribution phase, but in a decade's time Bitcoin will have evolved into a system/economy that doesn't really need a block reward any more and runs because it has lots of people using it, and contributing fees to compensate miners. The last halving was a non-event (there was lots of buzz about what would happen but the bottom line was it was priced in, miners saw it coming and prepared accordingly, the hash rate hardly even faltered), and I strongly believe something similar will happen during the next block halving 1.8-ish years from now.
Edit: typos.
@_date: 2014-01-17 14:08:57
Yet another person trying to squeeze Bitcoin's economic model into the old money way of doing things.


I stopped reading there. This sentence really summed up how absolutely blinkered this guy was. Bitpay regularly reports their sales in Bitcoin 100 million this last year, overstock too, with their first day sales of 130k. And as time goes on I'm sure even more company's and intermediaries will be sharing their good news.
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:04:54
Yep, my experience was much the same :)
@_date: 2014-02-04 13:46:09
Indeed, just because someone uses gold, doesn't mean the value of it is insulated from the effects of trading on wall st.
@_date: 2014-11-08 03:14:22
In some situations if the tip is generous I'll make a note to thank the tipper, but if it's small, I simply upvote their tipping post as a small way of recognising the tip.
@_date: 2014-02-02 10:34:28
IMHO I liken Mastercoin and Etherium to the classic feature creep programmers are all too susceptible to. Kind of similar to researchers and engineers innovating the nuclear energy industry by jumping to fusion power, which is unproven, expensive and not yet viable, and completely passing over LFTR nuclear power, which is a proven tech, much cheaper to develop, 100X safer than traditional nuclear, smaller, etc. etc.
They are projects creating solutions for problems we don't even have yet. Bitcoin as it stands right now can handle 95% of all the problems we have with money right now, and these new projects are being forced into existence to solve the other theoretical use cases that will only appear in the decades to come.
They are highly experimental and complex, something I would not ever take seriously, since the more complex and layered they become, the more prone to design flaws, and can lead to intractable security problems. Satoshi had it right, if people are going to store value in a piece of code, it has to be rock solid, safe, and secure. Functionality comes last.
Mastercoin adds complexity where colored coins does not. OT and Bitmessage solves much, if not all the needs of decentralised exchanges that Mastercoins tries to solve with unnecessary layers of complexity. Etherium tries to make Turing complete money to supposedly solve ... something (?) even though making a turing complete design for even just a programming language is incredibly complex with huge numbers of corner cases and multitudes of opportunities for bugs and flaws. There's a reason Satoshi didn't make a Turing complete money, one is most use cases never need it, and secondly, it's incredibly easy to screw up such an implementation. He knew that if Bitcoin got popular, it needed to be safe, and secure, making it Turing complete would not have achieved these outcomes. And even without turing complete scripting Bitcoin achieves a stupendous amount of functionality.
Anyone that thinks Mastercoin/Etherium is a good idea has safety and security last, and functionality first.
I simply don't buy that these projects add to a decentralised digital currency in ways that outweigh the risks being introduced.
Edit: To more specifically answer your questions, Mastercoin lives on top of Bitcoin, so if it does take off, it will only add value to the Bitcoin network. Etherium AFAIK is a new alt, but considering the complexity of the project and the serious security and safety concerns with what they are trying to build, I wouldn't trust it with my lunch money. Etherium will probably stagnate and collapse under it's own complexity while people use Bitcoin which is far safer, and easier to use. The problem most programmers fail to realise is that security and safety always trumps flexibility. I doubt any core dev will ever endorse making the Bitcoin scriting engine turing complete, simply because there is no evident reason to do so that would override people's security concern's. Gavin et al. would undoubedly never risk people's money for some new features unless these features were something that threatened Bitcoin's existence without it. Much like how devs were very tentative about the creator of Zerocoin trying to peddle his modifications. For the devs, safety and security will likely always trump functionality.
@_date: 2014-03-20 16:50:55
More like a glimpse into just how oppressive the old financial system is.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:30:22
I'm not going to go into an exhaustive list, but one thing that I haven't seen mentioned is that Bitcoin is the only payment network that works on a push, rather than a pull mechanism.
IOW, no-one can include hidden charges that you don't explicitly agree to, it also means you can't perform chargebacks (which is where escrow comes in), but people often conveniently omit that no-one can purposefully overcharge you, nor can they double charge you, nor can they charge you fees, sign you up to subscriptions that were in the fine print, nor can they stop you sending money to someone just because of their affiliation, occupation, beliefs, etc. , nor can they refuse to process a payment for any reason, such as marijuana dispensaries not being able to process credit cards for example. Banks, credit cards and any other payment system (which is all of them) have no direct control over your funds and can't sneak money out of your account, or prevent you from doing anything with your money without your explicit permission.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:44:02
I live in Australia and there is a large number of areas that are very cool year round and have cheap electricity.
Besides, necessitating a cold climate is hardly a requirement for hosting ASICs, rent, location, infrastructure, etc. are just as pressing factors, and they exist in every country. The real question is can they manage/balance all of these factors adequately.
@_date: 2014-06-15 14:08:47
In a shallow way, yes, they offer excellent services to their users, but if they were doing right by their users, like deepbit, asicminer, btcguild and other miners have done in the past, they'd also protect their miner's reputations from the angry users/miners that don't form ghash's ranks. Associating with ghash as a miner is giving those miners a bad rep and this could affect the reputation of the Bitcoin network over the longer term. This active decentralisation of mining that they are pointedly not doing, is drawing the ire of everyone onto ghash. 
Change is not going to happen in a few days though. People however are reacting to ghash's behaviour by making the move to p2pool, displaying a lack of confidence, price-wise, and more insidious actions like selfish mining, ddosing, and making ghash the equivilent of BFL in the mining world. 
It's kind of astonishing how pigheaded they are being when if they'd explicitly limited their mining to below 50% and communicated better with the community, then everyone would have been much happier about this situation, miners, ghash miners, users, everyone. And it's not like they've not had the chance to behave more responsibly, months ago this very same issue was raised, and ghash said they were going to address the community's concerns, but instead we can now see it was only lip service and zero action.
Since ghash is not going to decentralise, I'm hoping the community will decentralise the network for them by pushing forward with greater adoption of p2pool as well as educating miners so that p2pool mining becomes dead easy and just as profitable, if not better than ghash.
@_date: 2014-03-24 20:34:54
Yawn. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
Edit: Pretending to be the good guy? SO didn't see that coming. /s Never needed to twist history and I never wanted to speak with you in the first place, the comment history speaks for itself. "Restart"? You dug your hole, now sit in it and dig yourself out of it, (with someone else's help of course lol), like I'd even humour your wonderland logic.
Maybe now you finally get the point that I never had any interest in your opinion, you are simply entertainment.
@_date: 2014-02-26 13:07:30
The media. Desperately trying to make fetch happen since it's the narrative they want to hear.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:55:47
It wouldn't have been a biggie, you could have resent it later if it got dropped.
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:17:21
Unfortunately I've seen far too many people come here with stories about how they lost a fortune "investing" or gambling with Bitcoin and don't know what to tell their spouse/family/banks because they risked their necks and are going to lose/have lost it all. Stories of people gambling away their bitcoins are just as bad. 
This is one "good" story out of dozens of bad ones, and to defend his behaviour is to defend the behaviour of all the others that lost everything.
That said, I have nothing against people gambling/investing/speculating on Bitcoin, if you want to bet big and you are happy to swallow the loss or can comfortably sleep at night secure in the knowledge that losing all your value in Bitcoin will still mean you have a roof over your head, food on the table and the respect of the people you love/care about, then have at it, but when these actions can affect the lives of others, these people are no longer risking something that belongs to them. They are willing to hurt themselves and the people that care about them for their own personal gain and that shit aint cool.
Edit: And though he has deleted his posts (and makes it hard to confirm), I'll also add that I distinctly remember him saying in the OP back then that he did it against the wishes of his family also. He very plainly made a huge speculative fling, at not just his, but also his family's expense.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:06:24
Was in Japan for a while there, not furry, but everyone does actually call me Ferret :).
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:40:23
I'd say it is innovative in the sense that any site can be co-opted by changetip to act as an intermediary to send money from one person to another rather than using their own services in a centralised manner where it can be DDOsed, shutdown, etc. . The best thing is that the site's where the tipping occurs have very little control over it and so have few means to interfere with the process apart from maybe banning tipping terms or users, but they can't steal the money being passed around, nor can they necessarily claim that the service is spamming the site since tipping is posted by the user themselves. Best of all is changetip doesn't have much of a monopoly over this, other copycat sites could easily join in, and innovate further, or become more far reaching than changetip. Governments can't necessarily reach out to interfere either, since these kinds of services could be easily obfuscated, all they'd need is a user to register with the site, then they'd be able to watch their comments for when the user tips.
Paypal could never do what changetip does. Peter is obsessed with pure decentralisation at any and all costs and his blinkered attitude makes his opinion on anything remotely centralised heavily biased, but it's obvious that centralised systems do have a place in the bitcoin ecosystem and can gain immensely from using Bitcoin as a backbone to provide these types of services.
@_date: 2014-11-02 17:11:23
You are not the boss of me.
Sincerely, 
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:56:37


Here's your labelling of a group of people you claim can "never hope for Bitcoin to succeed". Essentially dismissing any defence they use or opinion they have to rationalise supporting Bitcoin because they seem to lack that capability to do so according to you. A classic [no true scotsman logical fallacy](


Here's your sweeping generalisation without any reasoning, that I have already [addressed earlier](
@_date: 2014-08-08 13:35:39
I've been following Bitcoin since 2010, have published a number of papers at computer science conferences/journals, as well as one on cryptography at a security conference, and am nearing completion of my PhD in Computer Science. Even with all that though I'd hardly call myself am expert though. Anyone that calls themselves an expert on Bitcoin is either lying/up themselves/or satoshi ~~so in reality, this so called "expert" you seek doesn't exist.~~ I am just a guy that loves cryptocurrency, that is trying to help you out. :)
~~But since you've slapped away my hand that has offered you sympathy and tried to assuage your concerns, I guess you can continue fumbling in the dark for a comfortable delusion on your own.~~
~~Have fun.~~
Edit: Post was misread, english can be a tough language :\
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:27:26
51% is not the end of the world as long as the pool is not hell bent on destroying the network's security. Pools have in the past held &gt;50% or close to it but they've all made assurances they are acting in Bitcoin's best interests, like BTCGuild that got close to 50% and took measures to limit new hashpower being added.
Gigahash has made no such assurances and is completely silent, and there has also been suspicions of gigahash being involved in helping (either intentionally on not) double spends. This I think is why people are getting antsy (as they should) about gigahash. If gigahash is going to do nothing then the community (as it has done in the past) becomes far more proactive in protecting bitcoin's value.
Media, will probably try to have a field day like they usually do, but bottom line is that if the community's backlash works and miners act according to their best interests, they'll move at least some of their hash power to other pools/p2pool to mitigate the current concerns. Either that or gigahash will man up (unlikely) and let people know what their strategy is regarding getting close to 50% control of the network.
Even if they did get &gt;50%, they are still a pool, not a single mining outfit, so the imminent danger of double spending is very, very small, unless they want to go out of business.
@_date: 2014-09-13 17:25:23
You don't get big by going against governments, which is why IBM will never make a succesful alternative to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-12 01:25:22
I disagree, mining has been through a huge state of flux and has only recently begun to be less interesting, but it has had a huge effect on the evolution of the Bitcoin network. Not focusing on that is to ignore a huge chunk of Bitcoin's history.
As for the celebrity aspect, most are common, simple people that have become involved in Bitcoin, and as a result it has thrust them into the spotlight. For a number of the people tracked in the documentary, they did not have happy endings. Tradehill sparked out, Bitinstant too, and Charlie became the unwitting "star" of the long arm of the law, not to mention Mark going from central actor of the Bitcoin scene, to pariah.
Like it or not regular people *love* drama like this. It's like catnip to them. People don't want faceless, generalised "Bitcoin can change the world" crap, they want to see the ugly side. They want heroes and villains, they want to see vulnerable and fragile people pushed to the edge, and they want to see what happens to them next. They also want to see real people, not rhetoric pumping the technology endlessly, or ranting over how Bitcoin will overthrow governments, the FED, or bring power to the people (sad but true). The documentary portrays the people involved in Bitcoin and their journeys, as well as a primer on Bitcoin's major events very well and gives people a taste of the excitement I've felt experiencing the ups and downs of Bitcoin. And like it or not, people will obsess over the price (even though they really shouldn't), but I think it's appropriate because it also marks a lot of events in Bitcoin's life so far.
@_date: 2014-03-08 08:06:51
The implications if he was Satoshi is pretty clear to any person, any empathetic person can see she doesn't give a fuck about the person and only cares about the story, a guy that did no harm to anyone (the real Satoshi or not) and very likely has a huge amount of money is going to be paraded in front of the public eye to sell newspapers and make the journalist a reputation. She not for one second considered the negative consequences of her actions on him. That is very clear. She is also a coward, when she had an interview on bloomberg today, she got wind that [Charlie Shrem]( would be on the line to give a counter opinion, on hearing that, she ditched the interview and hid.
This is a journalist with a narrative that she does not want challenged under any circumstances and is riding it for all it's worth.
Ed: If she had cared about Dorian Nakamoto's safety, she certainly didn't show it since she leaked a huge amount of information about his personal life, his family (WTF!) and where he lived, even posting images of where he lived and his car's registration plates no less (it's been pulled now, but you can't unring that bell).
@_date: 2014-01-07 13:08:16
Amazingly it really was that simple. Back then though there was no Bitcoin-QT, that came about 2 years later. Back then it was a client using wxWidgets. But it really was insanely easy, you simply downloaded, unzipped, double clicked bitcoin.exe, went to the menu and checked the generate button, and bam, you were mining (back then it was only on your CPU). I think this is part of the reason bitcoin took off in a big way. Satoshi knew adoption and mining had to be braindead easy to install, and run. Even though the client was incredibly basic, it had everything people needed to start using it, it also had a daemon version to get people to hook into it using services etc.
He absolutely nailed the learning curve for both types of users and got the techy, as well as the layman up to speed incredibly fast, without having to read reams of material first.
@_date: 2014-01-23 14:48:32
Yep, that was a staggeringly ignorant bunch of posters. 
As an Australian I am embarrassed, their ignorant herd-based parroting is unfortunately common when it comes to something new. The primary reason why Australia is always a follower and never a cutting edge innovator is because of retards like these. If I was in the ACT I'd use this in a heartbeat. I hope they soldier on and ignore the vocal minority.
@_date: 2014-10-09 11:15:35
Facts u dislike. ;)
@_date: 2014-02-20 11:39:50
I have nothing against Gox, I have no money with them, and hadn't used them in an age, but I still think there is a good chance they are still solvent, but their PR is so shockingly bad, I can't even begin. People are (rightfully) sick of this.
I hope they are solvent, and I hope their systems get back on their feet, but outside of that they have caused a lot of people that have money with them a great deal of unnecessary stress and anger, on both Bitcoin, and fiat sides.
It's unacceptable, and they should have suspended operations until things were running smoothly. This was their biggest mistake, on par with trying to fix a car while the engine is still running.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:11:54
Yeah, I'm quite careful about who I respond to nowadays, and very often I check their post history. Dead giveaways are single sentence responses with sometimes 20-40 posts over several hours. I swear some of these posters treat talking shit here like it is a full time job. It's hard to not imagine that they really are getting paid to do it.
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:24:24
You're forgetting the hack that temporarily crashed the price in 2011. The exchange was shuttered for 2 weeks and everyone had lost access to their coins until they had their accounts reconfirmed, trades for a number of hours were reversed, everyone's account info was stolen/leaked, and lots of people swore that Mt Gox was as good as dead.
Funny how people so easily forget the past.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:30:05
Just sent some to you. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 14:18:09
I think what PastaArt et al. is unreasonably demanding, is a silver bullet/silver platter anonymity, at whatever price to the network/miners/users for their own selfish ends. Tracking, even if they think it is toxic, still has many benefits, Bitcoin balances the two nicely I think, such that thefts, auditing, provable movements of money to merchants to validate refunds, proof of balance activity, tracking the network's economic health, etc. plays as a vital and incredibly informative window for the public without unduly exposing people's identity unless the user is dumb about their privacy.
Bottom line is total anonymity is possible, via alt coins, a quick jump through one alt exchange and spitting out their bitcoins through another, along with multiple other means are possible right now, laundering, criminality, tinfoiling the authorities is still well within average user's means if they really want to. **Their "not good enough", "I will boycott bitcoin" rants completely ignores the fact that stable, proven, simple, lightweight implementations (in the sense that they don't burden miners, the blockchain, and users) are far, far off.**
Edit: emphasised since the downvoters are blind in their zeal and don't read the end of posts before downvoting. I never said Anonymity shouldn't/wouldn't be integrated into bitcoin (I personally hope it does), it's simply not ready yet, what is here now is good, and caters to most people's needs but these childish, ultimatum-like comments are pathetic, all the tantrums here show they have a sense of entitlement and level of selfishness on par with toddlers. Bitcoin will, and has grown, and will continue to do so, all I hear here is a lot of armchair criticisms and zero constructive input on how anonymity (even if it is zerocoin) can be made more stable, safe, simple, and proven to be made as an addition to Bitcoin's protocol.
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:49:16
I guess it depends on the government.
@_date: 2014-12-12 01:57:56
It was about 17 dollars worth.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:32:49
I doubt it's political. More likely it's business/legality related. And besides, businesses do it all the time. Apple refuses to allow porn related or Bitcoin apps, neither is illegal, and is a bullshit policy, but they can. Unlike Apple though, with Bitpay, if they say no, another competitor can say yes to the merchant, or even as a last resort, the merchant can still accept Bitcoin and sell them themselves. It's pretty much impossible to freeze merchants out of the system. The barrier to entry for bitcoin is ridiculously low, and it's certain it will stay that way for a very long time. I wouldn't get too angry about it, simply take your money elsewhere and let competition do it's thing :)
@_date: 2014-02-23 13:35:30
Yeah, I saw that and it immediately got my hackles up. I want to be honest, but there is no way in hell I'm telling a stranger on the internet my net BTC worth, no matter how big or small it is. 
I would've gladly done the survey, even for free, but that first question means I never will.
@_date: 2014-11-02 18:20:54
ASICS decentralises the network more than CPUs ever will because there are incentives to do so. It is empirically evident that botnets have largely given up Bitcoin mining, but during the CPU days malware made a small fortune from botnets.
If botnets continued as they did, everyone that ran cpu mining would have stopped doing so because botnets mine on hijacked computers for free. If GPU, FPGA and ASIC miners never appeared, botnets would be Bitcoin's new masters (and Bitcoin probably would have failed, or been severely crippled). The centralisation would have economically converged on the botnets, no question. Network theory has no place when economic and game theory are the major players here, self interest and profit are the major players, not altruism, social networks and the like.
Don't feed me a black and white AKA false dilemma logical fallacy, ASICs avoided centralisation far more than it encouraged centralisation. As I said in my original post, ASICs is a net positive for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-31 12:49:14
I like that it's been a slow march, and don't worry, when there's huge attention on Bitcoin again it will probably jump up.
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:37:38
You can't prove it is theft. You can't prove the seller owned the coins and that the coins are in fact lost/forgotten, or from a previous owner. OP going out of his way to confirm isn't going to solve the matter either.


It is becoming increasingly obvious that you don't even read my posts. So don't don't expect further responses on my end. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 13:01:40
People also spray ink on cash stolen from banks too, pardon the pun but colour me completely unsurprised :). Thieves shouldn't be rewarded with fungible coins, but those coins can still be washed, and cleaned through other outlets to the point that those funds' frangibility will be indistinguishable from most again. This is where blockchain transparency is a double edged sword, it allows us to track stolen funds, but also means others can selectively blacklist/whitelist coins traced to crimes or find ways to track people's spending habits. I think Bitcoin's design gives us the best of both worlds, sure some bad comes out of it, but I feel that is far outweighed by the good.
@_date: 2014-10-12 15:17:13
you missed one :)
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:01:20
The free market determines the value of a bitcoin and the difficulty adjusts accordingly based on the number of blocks mined over a certain period. The motivations of miners is not important, nor is the variance of when a block is found, it all gets smoothed out by the overall demand.
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:23:31
Ahhh, nice, been out of the mining scene a long time, looks like most of the heavy lifting is already done. I'm confused then, is it just that some people don't like running p2pool over the command line? Is there dependencies/compatibility/hardware inconsistencies/lack of GUIs that makes p2pool less attractive? Is it simply laziness? Or is it that gigahash is so god-damned attractive that miners wet themselves at the sound of their name?
@_date: 2014-12-21 12:53:16
Worry not, there is already a solution being developed as we speak. So, how do you ensure the block size doesn't get so large that you cause propagation problems? If block size limits get too large then the door is open to DDOS style attacks where malicious or greedy miners will be able to flood the network with huge blocks that could overwhelm nodes and threaten/destabilise the network. [IBLT]( (Inverted Bloom Lookup Tables) mainly address this by avoiding needing to send the block at all and miners/nodes can simply request the bits needed to rebuild the block based on their own transaction pool or rebuild almost the entire block if they have all the transactions already. This largely mitigates attacks where huge blocks need to be transmitted to all nodes all at once. It also means that large blocks are more financially viable for miners as propagation time no longer becomes a limiting factor.
@_date: 2014-02-03 08:25:47
The value of the Bitcoin economy will continue to grow via the divisibility of each Bitcoin. The 21 million cap is for the initial Distribution, and it should be pointed lout, we're only a little over halfway ATM. More money will be introduced into the system via those that already hold them. This in turn enriches the economy by giving value to those that are best equipped to utilise it.
The 21 million cap is not a problem.
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:18:23
It isolates the sensitive information so that it only exists on the Trezor, and can only be accessed when a transaction is signed (along with a pin that must be entered when it is plugged in, and optionally a password when a transaction is signed), which can only happen when a button is pressed on the Trezor device. Though it can be manually flashed, it  is impossible for malware to be loaded onto the device remotely, and all firmware flashed is signed, the user is always alerted when any unsigned firmware is detected.
It is a very specialised piece of hardware with an extremely small attack surface, which when coupled with the pin, and password, make it incredibly difficult to breach. Additionally, all the source code has been released, and the designers have ~~said they will also be releasing~~ **released** the hardware specs ~~eventually~~ too so that people can verify it's security, and functionality.
@_date: 2014-11-23 08:13:32
True it is not conclusive, but it is solid evidence of the movement of coins at Bitcoin's most fundamental level (that being the blockchain), it doesn't include movements of intermediaries like changetip etc. so we can only speculate there. You'll notice though that in mid 2011 when Bitcoin's price first hit 32 USD, the year afterward the orange bar also expanded as coins sat dormant for an extended period.
Just for fun I compared the chart's [coin age from the run up to 32 USD over one year and this year where we hit 1200 USD]( The coin ageing in each case is startlingly similar. Notice the purple, blue and orange bars as the coins move up in age over time, and a surprisingly similar instance occurring in the last year also. This didn't happen when we hit 250 USD and went back down (or if it is there, the current charts don't show it).
I didn't tinker with any of the charts here except to scale out OP's original chart so it fit on the same timeline as the bitcoincharts price chart.
@_date: 2014-03-24 13:18:11
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:00:13
No-one is "a statist". They are people with viewpoints, throwing around labels demonises the person based purely on bias so that you can baselessly hate on them, and not on their opinions and viewpoints, simply because you've assigned them a special group that you hate. You should be challenging their opinions and viewpoints instead in a civil and reasoned fashion.
A person can both have a statist and libertarian viewpoint, do they still automatically get a statist label? It's hardly ever black and white. Or are we going to go down the old cold war route where Americans denigrated Russians for being communists (or even worse using communism to label political regimes that needed to be "corrected" by American agencies, and likewise how Russia did exactly the same to capitalists?
I urge you not to smack a label on every person that disagrees with you or even those that sympathises with the statist viewpoint, because if you treat them like people and reason with them civilly, their opinions can change, if you treat them like enemies at the get go... well, history has shown us how that turned out, it usually devolves to people killing each other.
@_date: 2014-07-16 02:50:30
That was a beautiful explanation. I know it isn't much but have it all 
Edit: dammit, wanted to tip but wallet isn't working :(
@_date: 2014-03-22 14:35:56


Yes, it is, you make a statement, without anything to back it up (or better yet ignore anything that conflicts with your world view), and then use that as proof for other statements. Sorry chum.




Well you can be wrong together, (two wrongs don't make a right BTW).


No, through infinite credit, and the power to cripple economies, via debt as a result of said infinite credit.


 No, as long as there is unlimited credit, they can be bought, there's a difference.


Yes, they are, money supercedes all ideology, it is foundational, transfer the control of money over to an autonomous system away from people that can manipulate it and I guarantee it will fix far more problems in this world than yet another political cadre spouting that they have all the answers.
@_date: 2014-03-03 01:01:38
Then get up off you butt and do it. :) Breathing does not constitute being your own bank.
FYI: I'm also gonna be a fireman when I grow up.
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:57:00
"first business to accept bitcoins"?
@_date: 2014-10-22 06:53:35
I was initially sceptical of Bitcoin when I first heard about it. Satoshi's claims were extremely bold after all. But soon after I read the white paper and was convinced the concept of a purely decentralised network via PoW was do-able, I still wasn't 100% convinced though because as any programmer will tell you, the devil is in the details. Bugs can cripple systems and this is especially so when you are using a piece of software to support an entire self-sustaining economy. Programmers are very diligent when it comes to uncovering bugs, and though I didn't have time myself to trawl Bitcoin's code base, I kept a very sharp eye on the developer mailing lists and forums because I knew that Bitcoin's claims were extremely bold, and that programmers will gladly tear apart his code if it was badly written, but the thing that really struck me was no-one was openly voicing their doubts about Bitcoin's functionality because of it being badly implemented. That is when I really started to take Bitcoin seriously. It wasn't simply a good idea, Satoshi had also done a very careful job of writing up the implementation too. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:43:12
Comparing Bitcoin's economic model to the current fiat is inevitable, it has gone on for years and is not going to stop, so you're simply going to have to get used to it, it's the same as the frivolous posts on the price, as well as promotion of another business accepting bitcoin, as well as the frivolous posts of yet another person barging in proclaiming that credit cards work better than Bitcoin for XYZ reason, as well as posts that try to question whether bitcoin has intrinsic value, or posts about yet another person having their bank account suspended because they tried to use it to buy bitcoin. Trying to filter posts according to a strict interpretation of the subs rules is silly. They are there to help mods justify removal of posts if they seem to be wildly off topic or become spammy, it is not a black/white rule in every single instance, in many cases it's to avoid people posting alt coin content.


Well those are valid discussions because let's be honest, it was the actions of those fiat systems that we constantly deride that helped spawn Bitcoin's emergence. The genesis block is after all seeded by The Times front page article on 1/3/2009 titled "Chancellor on Brink of Second Bailout for Banks". Saying fiat events is off topic is like saying the price is off topic, or saying that the currency aspect is irrelevant and we should only be allowing discussion of the blockchain tech, or that announcements of another business adopting Bitcoin transactions is clogging the front page. The reality is all these things are interrelated and intertwined. If you consider it a circle jerk, go to or Banks, government monetary policy, payment systems like credit cards, and everything in between affects Bitcoin and vice versa, it's going to be discussed whether you like it or not. If you don't like the content, downvote, if you think it breaks the rules and is wildly off topic, report it. The bottom line is that the content should not be controlled by the mods, the users that post the content and up/down vote should be the final arbiters and the mods have generally been very good at letting the content manage itself. If people didn't like the content here, then there wouldn't be 140,000 subscribers.
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:57:56
*puts on TA hat* IMO I reckon we've already found the floor and tested is several times in the last 4 months. 330-360 has been the level where it seems to settle, and also meets strong push back when there is selling. The bear market this year and stagnation has been in some ways a welcome respite since it has limited rampant speculation and has allowed the Bitcoin economy and ecosystem time to build services, address problems and allow distributions to stronger hands as weak hands get shaken out of the market. Interspersed with that we've had slow but steady adoption, more refined software of all shapes and sizes, hardware wallets finally hit the market, and mining has finally stabilised again. The beginning of the year was a really bad time for Bitcoin but the latter half has been exceedingly positive. Bitcoin is in great shape for the new year.
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:49:15
Ahhhh... There you are....
[Is Ethereum a threat to Bitcoin? : Bitcoin (where bitcoin circle jerk is afraid something better comes out and proceeds to bash it)](
[Libertarian Astrology: Bitcoin](
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:12:14
Your ineptness astounds me.
I direct you to to where the devs are discussing the very things you are concerned about. Instead, you jab, chide and you act like an ass. 
Grow up.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:19:19
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:46:56
Was [this]( what you were looking for? Even if it isn't, this demo is actually very good.
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:41:50
I never said they did, I said that ASICs have made mining far more fair compared to if we were still stuck mining on CPUs because botnets would reign supreme (making huge centralised pools, with all the mining proceeds going to theives) and would cause far greater problems compared to if ASICs didn't exist.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:17:14
Gloating? Are you kidding? Tell me you are kidding right? Holy fuck, that's your "logic and reasoning"? You think that making more money makes you right? And yet you're desperately trying to tell me that bitcoiners obsess over the price more than buttcoiners? 
You know what they say about going full retard. Never go full retard. As for gloating over the "loss", you need to try harder. There's a reason I can remember links back from the 5 USD days.
^^^^pssst, ^^^^you ^^^^went ^^^^full ^^^^retard ^^^^BTW.
@_date: 2014-12-01 11:27:08
I agree, I found most sites that were participating in Bitcoin black Friday sold things people would never want, were overpriced, or the site itself looked unprofessional/sketchy. 
You can't expect people to just throw money away just for the hell of it. My Bitcoin is valuable and merchants are actually going to have to sell things people need at competitive prices in a professional way.
Another factor is that Bitcoin's price is low compared to earlier in the year and it's been the case that people are more inclined to spend their coins when the price is higher than it normally is, so people may be holding onto their coins especially hard as a result, thus they are less inclined to spend this time around.
I'm not really sure what OP is getting at though. How is BBF a complete failure if people don't spend huge amounts of money on shit they don't need? I'd say it is a good thing because people are being discerning consumers. BBF making huge sales or not is not not that big of a deal, and if merchants want commerce, then they need to work for it rather than throw a basic site together and expect Bitcoins to flood through their website.
@_date: 2014-10-22 16:32:41
Financial freedom, and a sounder form of money that can't be abused by central powers.
It's also a marvel of computer science that heralds the first genuinely decentralised and self sustainable network of it's kind, not to mention all the things Bitcoin could be used for now and into the future that isn't even centered around currency as being it's primary purpose.
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:19:08
I think the thing is that until Bitcoin came along, using anything but a bank just wasn't an option.
Now that we *do* have the option, it's going to get *very* interesting because people don't need to put up with banks' bullshit now. Their excuses and standover tactics just won't have the same impact it did. In 2008 everyone was at the banks' mercy. 
Not this time though....
@_date: 2014-11-19 18:12:40
Actually lets do something more fun, lets do what you do.


You have no evidence to back up your claims. All your interpretations are wrong by the way.


Nothing you have said backs up or indicates you have added anything of value to the conversation.


 
You only agreed with people that confirmed your bias and disagreed with those that didn't. This is self-evident in your thread and nothing you've said indicates otherwise.


Yes you did.


OP's lawyer is the only lawyer that matters, any other legal advice is irrelevant to this discussion therefore I am right and you are wrong. Nothing you say can disprove that.
@_date: 2014-09-29 08:58:37
That 1% also gets to sit and enjoy the privilege of watching as millions of USD vanishes from their supposed hoards of coins unless they panic sell into oblivion.
I don't think it would be so fun to be part of that 1% right now since there's not going to be any government's shoulder to cry on for a handout like wall street does.
@_date: 2014-10-23 05:16:54
I'm afraid there is never going to be a perfect denomination that we can force people to use because bitcoin isn't centrally planned. People are going to use things that feel natural too them, even if others prefer a perfectly deliniated system, it's going to be popular opinion that matters at the end of the day. The term "satoshi" was never planned, nor was millibits or ubits, or bits for that matter. Hell, Luke-jr still goes on about using *tonal* units which makes absolutely NO SENSE TO ME. As you can see, there have been multiple people who have had their own take on what denominations they think should be used but many simply haven't stuck. Ones that have is bitcoin for obvious reasons, satoshis, bits, and to a lesser degree millibits. 
The problem is that regardless of what denomination is preferred by the general public, there is always going to be someone that doesn't like it. And your justifications work just as much against your argument as it does for. 
Bitcoin was also too small a unit when it was worth several cents a bitcoin, but this didn't hamper adoption, neither from a usage perspective or a marketing perspective, 10,000 bitcoins were used to buy a pizza so people handled large numbers representing small value just fine back then.
Bits can be used for all manner of other things but we have lots of other [words with multiple meanings]( but we easily handle those multiple meanings because we can easily separate the contexts with little trouble.
I think the reason bits has stuck is it sounds similar to cents, is a single syllable as compared to all the other denominations, also can be divided down to the equivilent of cents (which are generally considered to be the smallest atomic units of value in bitcoin (and currency), is short, rolls off the tongue easily and is a sufficiently small a denomination that it can be used now and into the future with relative ease. No-one really tried to force bits into existence either, it was simply something that arose from discussions and has garnered wide appeal. I think you need to stop fighting bits and accept that it is going to have a place in Bitcoin's set of denominations. Trying to make fetch happen with millibits and ubits simply didn't work, it has literally had years to catch on but never really did, but bits almost felt effortless in it's adoption.
@_date: 2014-11-12 04:11:24
"I am pretty confident we are the new wealthy elite, gentlemen."
Ahhh the good 'ol days.
@_date: 2014-02-20 03:53:21
Yep, much like a bait and switch, except the bait part in Bitcoin is actually incredibly difficult to pull off and in many situations is not worth the effort.
@_date: 2014-08-05 16:50:48
Yep, and that saga still hasn't played out. I'm still think that Mt Gox's coins were seized, but it may take years before we ever get a chance to discover the truth. Banks have also put the thumbscrews on money entering the Bitcoin system. For a while there liquidity was thick and loose, but most banks have made it very arduous for Bitcoin businesses to work in Bitcoin/Fiat and the public still have many hoops to jump. Security is also a big hurdle, though that is thankfully being worked on. 
On the positive side, the relative price stability has been a chance for newer, more reliable services to come out and has given businesses a chance to trade using Bitcoin with relative stability. It's also given the network itself some breathing room so that explosive growth doesn't cripple it. ASIC mining has finally started to calm down and hopefully this time is being spent on improving the protocol so it can accomodate the next surge in growth.
@_date: 2014-10-25 13:04:40
When people start acting like this it's very clear they're grasping at anything to save face, while also try to hold onto their own false beliefs, but eventually they're just going to have to either admit they're wrong, or hide and hope no-one remembers their foolishness.
@_date: 2014-02-10 10:24:51
[Three of these]( on the day I received them I finally accepted in my own mind that Bitcoin was real. It was a glorious feeling :).
@_date: 2014-11-02 18:05:05
Unless there is an investment of mining effort that is resistant to being hacked (in this case miners that invest in ASIC technology that have a vested interest in resisting hackers which most do, as well as reaping the benefit of higher hash rates), botnets will always have the upper hand in mining because they can always undercut honest miners. Heating makes little difference if your machine can be hijacked at any moment. In the general internet, there is no vested interest in resisting botnets, except when it harms them directly, and in many cases the harm is minimal to regular users, but significant to Bitcoin users in a CPU mining world.
The bottom line is unless you can guarantee the eradication of botnets, CPU mining will never be viable in the long term. The more successful it becomes, the more susceptible it will be to botnets that will hijack machines at near zero cost to mine and reap the benefits of the network.
@_date: 2014-09-29 08:33:25
It should also be kept in mind that 600k bitcoins (supposedly) were "lost/stolen" too. That meant thousands of people with bitcoins, as well as many traders simply disappeared from the economy, not to mention all the capital in Gox that could have been used to buy bitcoins too. I think it's likely that liquidity deficit is still being felt. 400 million USD in bitcoins and god knows how much in USD/other currencies disappearing from the Bitcoin market is incredibly bad. I'm sure we lost thousands of Bitcoin enthusiasts, speculators and regular users with the abolition of Gox.
Even in light of that, I'm actually very impressed by how it has picked itself up and soldiered on regardless. We have dozens of exchanges, hundreds of ATMs, brokers all over the world, and lots of innovations reaching maturity now that were still only concepts a year ago, so I for one am in full agreement with Brock, Bitcoin is, even in light of significant setbacks, is growing and being adopted more and more. The fundamentals are far far stronger than a year ago, but people are still blinded by price movements as being some kind of indicator of the health of the Bitcoin economy, it's ridiculous. 
In the context of the valuation of the Australian dollar, economists are actually complaining that the dollar compared to the USD is too high and needs to go down for the economy to grow more stably, which just goes to show that skyrocketing price =/= good for the economy, same goes for Bitcoin, this will keep the money circulating to more hands the more it is spent, since many holders are spending/selling and once they have taken safer positions, the price will level, and new speculators, seeing the floor has been hit, will buy, etc. etc. This honestly shouldn't surprise anyone.
I think everyone is just expecting too much, too soon and continually cease to see the bigger picture.
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:46:27
I was essentially saying, even first world developed countries like Japan have currencies where they use large numbers to represent small amounts of value. Maybe the first sentence implied Japan was not first world, that wasn't my intention.
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:29:47
Ah, so we are comparing dick lengths, sorry I assumed you had something useful to say.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:03:21
Food, water, guns and ammo will be the currency of the apocalyptic zombie age, not even gold will be able to compete with that.
@_date: 2014-10-21 02:33:22
Keep hiding behind your "vitcims". Wouldn't want you to dirty your hands with the truth now would we.
@_date: 2014-12-08 12:35:33


Let's not argue over the pros and cons, lets simply let the money do the talking. Send 5 USD to my reddit account to prove that the existing system is up to the task, and I'll send 5 USD in Bitcoin back to you so we can see which one is faster/easier/more transparent/more privacy conscious/more secure etc. Or if you don't like that let's select a person we both agree on to send money to, and on reciept of that money we ask them to donate the money to a charity (IOW spend it), with proof that the money did indeed go directly to them and get sent to the charity.
@_date: 2014-11-19 16:03:22
I wasn't going to respond, but it is evident you are a complete hypocrite and I'm stating it for the record here. You actually tried to field support in another thread to prop up your argument here with me,
I'm absolutely disgusted with your behaviour when I acted in good faith.
The fact that you neglected to mention this makes you a two faced hypocrite, and to even continue to engage with me when you purposefully omitted such information from the discussion is unethical and immoral to say the least. 
You speak of morals and doing the right thing but you went behind my back to drum up support and omitted information in that thread that obviously damaged your argument. To think I wasted valuable time on you when you obviously were only trying to protect your own bias.
And don't even try and defend yourself, you've lost all credibility in my eyes, I want nothing to do with you in the future, trolls have more integrity than you do.
 Edit: The OP has even given you the low down on the legal side, that totally contradicted your points 
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:07:36
Exactly, saying nothing simply leaves the void to be filled with trolls and FUD.
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:04:19
If I were to do such a thing, I'd encrypt a wallet that uses a seed like what electrum or Armory uses, then encrypt it either into an encrypted container like truecrypt, or perhaps bip38 if it was only one wallet (Armory supports this as of the most recent version). I'd then make multiple copies of it, for the encrypted container it's a little more difficult, but possible to print the data to sheets of paper as a hard copy. BIP38 is even easier.
For the password, I'd do what I mentioned in a [previous post:](


@_date: 2014-01-28 17:51:19
So, you're a faceless critic, how brave of you.
I've long read Evorhees' contribution to Bitcointalk over the years, FAR before satoshi dice, and he has been a tireless promoter, and patient discusser and educator of Bitcoin related subjects. 
Your bitterness and sense of entitlement is pretty plain. He made the most of Bitcoin and you don't like it. Tough bananas.
If you stand there crying foul while he makes something of Bitcoin, then you have no-one but yourself to get angry at. I am glad he brought Bitcoin forward into the spotlight. He did much to spur discussion of blockchain usage, and quickened discussion of how to manage blockchain bloat and even helped put the network though it's paces by increasing transactions to the blockchain in the early days.
I don't get angry at him for that. Be bitter all you like, the only person you really hurt is yourself.
@_date: 2014-02-17 17:58:23
When money is involved, people get weird, like *really* weird. Ironically, most of these controversies would be avoided if users simply stored their coins and took personal responsibility for their coin security. A massive majority of controversies are because the user trusted their coins with a third party, and I'll also say, many people succumb to greed too, scammers and con men have been having a field day lifting coins from newly wealthy holders that see dollar signs with their current holdings and want even more.
Having been in the bitcoin scene for over 3 years I can say without a doubt that many people are stupid, naive, ignorant, greedy, and will do almost anything to avoid fessing up to the fact that they fucked up. Admittedly many do learn from their mistakes but a vast number would rather avoid admitting they could have done things differently and instead point the finger or make shit up so they can bypass the fact that they were, ultimately, the ones at fault.
It was breathtaking in the early days how trusting early bitcoin users were with sites that popped like mushrooms and how they were more than happy to entrust strangers with tens of thousands of dollars worth of Bitcoin with these anonymous operators. 
Nativity, Ignorance, stupidity, greed, these are the things that have made people hugely suspicious, and for good reason. Reputation has become king in the Bitcoin world, if you don't have a spotless rep. you're a scammer, and it is a very good philosophy to have, even open source software is not beyond scrutiny, just recently a scumbag released a version of the stealth addresses on github that was in fact malware and emptied at least one user's wallet of 20 BTC. No more than a week ago, yes these things happen, and even now, they happen often.
In the Bitcoin community suspicion is healthy, and scams are common. Calling them "conspiracies" just means you haven't spent enough time in Bitcoinland yet :)
@_date: 2014-02-23 02:07:31
My beef with Etherium and a number of alts is not innovation, it is their blind drive to innovate at the cost of safety and security.
Under that philosophy, Bitcoin would have gone down in flames years ago (it's already had some serious bugs in the past even with all that care and effort). It wasn't because the devs have been very careful about adding new features, and even with their care we have relatively harmless bugs like the txn maleability bug causing havoc.
Ed: a letter.
@_date: 2014-03-19 08:36:50
Yes, because what I want is easy debt at ridiculous interest rates with a laundry list of "terms" that I signed up for that will catch me out when I least expect it (and drag me through the legal system if I even sneeze inappropriately), token perks (these so-called "rewards" you speak of), an easy way for thieves to steal my CC numbers to commit fraud which I have to have an eagle eye on every second I type a number into a web-page and swipe my card (and even then, I'll probably get "[Target]( eventually), and lets not forget all that delicious targeted advertising (along with more cards in my mailbox).
I don't want the above, I simply want to buy something online and for that to be the end of it. Here's your money, here's your item/service, done. There are a massive number of people that want something like that with no strings attached and unfortunately the closest they had until Bitcoin was CCs or gift cards. Both offer nothing in the way of flexibility or ease. Bitcoin, I go to coinjar.io, create an invoice, deposit the money at my local bank, and in an hour or two, I have $50 AUD I can spend online (maybe so I can buy that steam game I've wanted, especially useful if you're a 15 yo and can't get a credit card), no showing of ID, bank accounts, contracts, legal caveats, useless rewards points, my ID wont be sold to third parties or risk being leaked accidentally, none of that.
You might not see a benefit, or have a use for such a thing, but I sure as hell do, and so will a massive number of other people when they are given the choice. This is about choice after all, not which system will crush the other.
@_date: 2014-02-08 08:37:49
From the Mt Gox announcement, "The trading platform will perform as usual for the needs of our customers.  ", that is journalistic fact checking for you.
I'm getting really tired of the media's constant misrepresentation of the facts, are they children that spews as fact things they hear from the first person on the street? They are supposed to serve as a reputed news source, *not* a rumor mill.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:09:32
Not trying to be *that* guy but I have been near constantly saying this...
Stop storing money on **ANY** online wallet/exchange/broker that you can't afford to lose.
Full, stop. Seriously people, stop storing thousands of dollars online, it never has, and likely never will be safe, this shit is getting old....
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:52:33
Ah, the ad-hominem eh? Run out of reasoned logic so it's onto the probing for flaws? I figure I just copy-paste because you're saying exactly the same thing.
@_date: 2014-02-23 06:25:48
I'm sorry you had a bad experience with the ATM, but the blame should not be put at Bitcoin's feet, this is the bank's/government's doing this to you, not the Bitcoin system.
ATMs are only one of a myriad of ways you can legally acquire bitcoins, and some methods are far simpler compared to others. When you cross the fiat/bitcoin barrier this crops up, simply because governments/banks own the rights to do all manner of things to your money even when they are just notes in your wallet. Like legally have the sole rights to devalue them while they sit in your pocket without you having any recourse against it.
@_date: 2014-10-13 00:54:03
Which is why I said:


Did you even read to the end of my post before you replied?
@_date: 2014-02-05 07:28:59
As mccorvic said. I've been through this a couple times and it has [been surprisingly similar each time]( We've come to the other side of the uncertainty after a huge rise (and it seems sentiment has settled on 800), those that didn't feel comfortable after their initial bullishness have bailed or chosen a more comfortable position and the buy/sell sentiment has smoothed out the price discovery (this includes long term holders, those that had 100 BTC that had their money increase a factor of 10-100 have in all likelihood already bailed/readjusted their position if they were going to at this price level), as more and more liquidity appears, this price discovery/uncertainty period will shorten over time such that these trends should diminish in duration, frequency, and it's extremeness, and the linked graph is already starting to show that. The reason for the higher floor in the linked graph compared to previous price rises is very likely due to increased adoption, and it's subsequent better distribution, as well as the increased liquidity. We have a number of big companies using Bitcoin, lots of shiny new ATMs, more regulatory certainty by the day, intermediaries smoothing the way for adoption by hedging merchant's risk in using Bitcoin, etc. Now that this initial hype phase has passed, I personally expect the next 2-8 months to be relatively stable, unless there is some huge news to jostle the price around, which, considering how news moves the buy/sell sentiment, could happen.
I think a lot of the buying/selling pressure has already been expended and will take time to build up again, it's unlikely though that we'll see selling pressure build though, I'm fairly confident that that has been thoroughly expended during the last couple months of volatility. But that's just my opinion. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:00:40
Exactly. This isn't housing, there is no secrets in the Bitcoin network, there is no monopoly on this information. Much of the information is staring everyone in the face, if there is a problem, he should be able to poke his finger at it and say "this is why".
The fact is he doesn't know because he is not familiar with Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a completely different and largely insulated economy from the mainstream. Getting him to "diagnose" the Bitcoin economy would be like wrenching a vet from his office and telling him to make a diagnosis on a human. The man knows the old system, and he knows it well, but to expect his experience to transfer to the Bitcoin network is a stretch at best.
Edit: typos.
@_date: 2014-09-16 02:55:19
lol, I thought I was having a discussion, and not some petulant pissing contest with a child. FYI, it's not a win, it's [checkpointed, thus centralised]( and so it is a weak imitation of Bitcoin's blockchain *at best* so let me reiterate.


Consider their blockchain to be a poor centralised imitation that will already be less secure by design.
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:06:55
[Oh shi-](
@_date: 2014-12-01 06:02:16
Agreed, Coinjar should never have been punished for bringing Bitcoin related commerce to our shores. This parting shot from Coinjar to the ATO's ruling and the government's total lack of reason and action on Bitcoin commerce in Australia should hopefully be the gut kick they need to realise that Bitcoin commerce doesn't need the Australian government or need to bend over for them either.
The reality is Australians win, Coinjar wins, and the government loses. I'd prefer everyone win, but at least in this scenario the people doing the right thing are winning and the morons are being punished.
@_date: 2014-09-20 14:40:04
Yeah, things were strange in the early days and this very question was asked a lot, but purely from a barter perspective, it makes solid sense. Time and effort equated to CPU cycles and electricity, which couldn't be faked, even back then (this is the beauty of PoW and why it is so intrinsic to the Bitcoin network, it not only keeps the network running but also served as a means of bootstrapping the markets), so naturally there are going to be people out there that didn't have the hashpower and didn't want to waste setting up a miner to get coins, so reimbursement is in order for the guy that does go to the trouble to get them, the minimum reimbursement one can concieve for a certain number of coins is the electricity used to generate them.
@_date: 2014-02-06 08:11:44
As one of the people that regularly told people on this sub to not ever store coins on a web wallet or exchange, I'm glad that advice was taken on board and it paid off. :)
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:55:15
Sounds like the little man is up past his bedtime again.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:13:28
I will definitely put my hand up if I can help to make the sub better. Being a longtime poster who has lamented the degradation of this sub in the last year, I'd very much like to be part of the solution rather than do nothing. I don't post much nowadays but I'm still a prolific lurker in new and report where appropriate, so if I can do more to help I am more than willing.
@_date: 2014-03-25 03:38:10


One can only hope that Bitcoin loosens their grip somewhat.
@_date: 2014-09-04 06:08:05
I think "miner incentive" is what you are looking for.
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:17:41


You can't prove it's theft pure and simple, and offered zero solid  justification arguing the case it is. If you feel you have nothing to prove then you should never have engaged me in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-16 09:41:16
I can remember a time before Bitpay, and even then Bitcoins were worth something and commerce happened. If we went to a time before Bitpay, I could still use Bitcoin to pay people money, it may have been difficult, but it definitely was not useless, and the current awareness of Bitcoin, as well as all the infrastructure, software, alternate clients, altchains, and websites focused on Bitcoin aren't going to go up in smoke if all brokers shut up shop tomorrow.
Stopping Bitcoin is about as likely as mommathecat unbirthing themselves.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:02:40
To be fair here, we're not talking about a guy that knows nothing about computers, the guy is a professor and has a very strong background in CS. The whitepaper is more than enough to get someone started and any person with a background in CS should "get" why Bitcoin is such a revolutionary and disruptive idea and technology. It's also been around for 5+ years, it is way past the fad stage.
I'm a PhD student doing my CS doctorate, have a small amount of experience in communications tech and theory, and very little experience in cryptography, but all it took for me to "get" it was the whitepaper.
OP should still err on being diplomatic and at least try to convince his prof to read the whitepaper. I too was very sceptical of Bitcoin until I read the whitepaper and knew that the codebase written to implement it was solid. It does sound like his prof is simply listening to news releases rather than actually getting to know what Bitcoin the technology is all about.
@_date: 2014-02-20 10:44:08
Yeah, Mt Gox is fast becoming like the Uncle in the family that we'd rather not talk about....
Or crazy Aunt flo, no, no, let's not go there either.
@_date: 2014-12-22 15:30:33
I may sound harsh, but I think this is something you need to hear. You have the mindset of a poor person. You are already, after 4 months, quibbling over the value of your Bitcoins and already trying to chase the next big thing. 
If you want your Bitcoins to appreciate in value you will have to be patient, unemotional and coldly rational. If your OP is your approach to getting a return on your money then you should probably pull it all out of Bitcoin altogether because shifting money around on a whim at every new opportunity is what poor people do, they are impatient, panicky, and will throw their money at something if their friend's cousin's father's lawyer told them to.
If you want to even hope to see returns on the value of your Bitcoins, expect to wait years. If you can't do even that, then you are simply wasting your time on even pursuing Bitcoin as an avenue for investment.
@_date: 2014-02-12 11:24:34
Don't forget this [corker]( recently. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 20:05:54
This is 100% true, it's sad that pools have become the norm. Pooled mining was a fix for miners that were missing out when GPU mining made difficulty jump so quickly that most miners were simply left behind, IOW pooled mining was a fix to keep mining decentralised, but now it's benefit has become a bane, and now the community needs to push forward to drive pools out in preference to p2pool mining. 
I don't believe it is insurmountable, but it's unfortunate that newer miners naively just assumed that pool converging would automatically be mitigated without them lifting a finger. It simply doesn't work like that, and hopefully the poison of centralisation is being felt by the show of lack of confidence via the current fall in price.
Miners have to actually consider their behaviours when mining, pools were a fix for a time when GPUs were threatening mining decentralisation, ambivalence has now allowed pools to be it's own threat to decentralisation. Miners that feel they are not beholden to the users that adopt their services are sadly fucking mistaken.
When deepbit got more than 51% people were apoplectic, and BTCguild et al. learned from that, now ghash thinks that "it's different this time".
No, ghash, it really isn't.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:17:49
I'd much rather Paypal fully integrated Bitcoin rather than see them disappear, I'm sure there's enough room for Circle and Paypal to coexist, and some competitiveness will keep each on their toes.
Western Union otoh....
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:53:20
True. I did misread your post. Sorry. But I think you're still being overly dramatic and you don't appreciate the growth Bitcoin connectivity has enjoyed since then. Back in the old days the market was far less responsive to changes. Nowadays, it's simply not possible for markets to be as slow as they were back then.
@_date: 2014-03-30 14:28:12
A guy at Mises circle  covered this.


Let’s think about that for a minute. You are essentially telling the merchant, “Hey look at this totally awesome thing that I want to get rid of! You should trade me some stuff for it!” Not actually much of a sales pitch, is it? Why would the merchant want something that you, apparently, don’t want? If you really want him to start accepting bitcoins himself, ask him, “Do you take worthless paper money at this store? Good, because you’re not getting a satoshi from me!” That will convince him that you think they’re valuable.
How about this instead? Tell your local merchants that you want to be able to spend cash in their stores and get the change in bitcoins. That’s the kind of store I’d like to shop at. And then when the merchant later says “I’m not going to do that anymore. I want you to pay me in bitcoins!” you know he’s become a true hoarder.](
@_date: 2014-08-10 05:28:58
I think there is also slight bias when flipping a coin with the same face up, as well as the indentation of the metal influencing (to a tiny degree) the side that faces up
I'd personally say that a coin is definitely more random than store bought dice, but going an extra step further and tossing in the air (rather than flipping with your thumb) a flat unindented token round token that is made of a homogeneous material (so that it's weighted equally on each side), with each side identified with a marker or something similar, would be even better. It all depends on how serious/paranoid you want to be about the security I guess. 
A while back I would've though it was too paranoid, but there have been security breaches in the past such as blockchain.info being the unsuspecting victim of flawed RNG function implementations in Google's Android code which resulted in transactions that could be cracked in certain circumstances. When it comes to Bitcoin related security, I find that being overly paranoid is actually well justified in reality, as long as you know what you're doing.
@_date: 2014-02-19 18:11:36
It's also pretty damn hard for governments to cut off it's funding when it is self funded on money that it creates for it's own benefit.
Governments and corporations *HATE* that :D
@_date: 2014-12-19 15:39:01
Considering it's been a shower of shit from trolls the last five years it's pretty obvious Bitcoin's doing good!
Here's hoping trolls are following Bitcoin around for another five years.
@_date: 2014-02-04 07:19:12


You never needed to because the fallacy was already embedded in the initial statement. "A statist cannot rationally hope for Bitcoin to succeed." A self-proclaimed statist has an indefensible position in your eyes and so your reasoning from the outset will devolve to avoiding ever needing to prove their claims false from there on.
Choose to ignore it all you like, I've very thoroughly laid out my reasoning for why and how you are wrong. If a vague quote (that I've already thoroughly shown is not politically charged statements) and taking meaningless shots at me  (ad hominem much?) for linking to wikipedia and whatnot is the best defence you have then I guess that's that then.
@_date: 2014-01-29 14:56:43
[Money laundering is a criminal offence aimed at presenting wealth of illicit origin or the portion of
wealth that has been illegally acquired or concealed from the purview of tax and other authorities,
as legitimate, through the use of methods that obscure the identity of the ultimate beneficiary and
the source of the ill-gotten profits1. It is a criminal offence whose effects usually are deleterious for
the functioning of a polity and pernicious for the socioeconomic fabric, both domestically and
globally. ](
~~Troll~~ Try harder.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:33:49
Keep dreaming kiddo.
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:45:24
No worries :)
@_date: 2014-01-01 06:57:48
There are lots of threads on this topic, with tons of useful advice, all they had to do was use the search bar.
OP had no specific question, and provided vitrually no background on his level of knowledge, where he was from, what he wanted to use the bitcoins for (buying, "investing", exchange trading, business adoption, etc.).
I don't blame anyone for downvoting OP in this case, since it is virtually impossible to provided any helpful information. 
If he wants general advice for newbies there is already advice in spades in other recent threads.
@_date: 2014-09-28 17:26:12
Yep, don't worry, the crises are well and truly primed to happen. I just read that in Australia the housing industry is going nuts, but the fed here can't increase interest rates to slow the housing industry because it'd have a knockon effect because bullish buyers are [taking loans where they are almost completely paying the interest but no principal on the loan](
I'm just so fucking gobsmacked by how dumb/greedy these banks are. Even 6 months ago they were chanting to everyone ["this is not a housing bubble!"]( I so want to punch some of these fucking morons.
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:54:59
Fitting to the existing laws would be like making email compliant to the postal service laws, or making ISPs compliant to telecom laws. This thinking is asinine and governments can't scare Bitcoin into compliance either as there is nothing to threaten, it can't be shut down, censored, or even detected if users are careful and having this financial market go dark would be a huge hit to any government. I'm sure governments are fully aware of this and are aware that only by being involved in Bitcoin''s growth can they ever have any modicum of control or influence over the Bitcoin economy, and network.
Bitcoin and it's ilk can't be wedged, willingly or otherwise into compliance. Government's only option is to either ban it, or regulate it using new legislation, and it won't be able to regulate Bitcoin directly since they have no control over it, they will only be able to regulate users and industry that they have sovereign influence over, like brokers, exchanges, businesses, etc. If they don't then they'll have even less influence over the black market and will also miss out on tax revenue, as well as other growth opportunities. 
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:39:35


Yes the money never disappears, but the money is one jump further away from the country that controls it, this is what tax havens are all about. Even if your money does nothing, it still earns interest, and the government will want a cut. And if they can get a cut of it, then they can freeze it, seize it etc. Unstable countries don't simply let the money go, because once it's outside their sphere of influence it could be used against them, AKA terrorist financing or whatever convenient excuse they can drum up. And if every country is in dire straits, then you're going to see all the doors close mexican standoff style. This is what we are seeing today, because the most powerful, and ironically, most in debt country (the USA) is going to cause a domino effect so everyone is on guard.


Agreed, the damage is most definitely done, the existing financial system is well and truly boned, but Bitcoin can still serve as a liferaft as I said earlier, for governments and individuals alike with no risk it will be devalued out of existence. And it still has a great deal of room to grow too so I still expect a great deal of innovating in the future.
@_date: 2014-10-05 11:03:49
No-one's putting a gun to your head to use Bitcoin, so I don't really see your point, if it is useful to you, use it, if it isn't stop whining like a child when it doesn't suit your needs perfectly. Go use something else.
@_date: 2014-02-20 14:02:27
Precisely, protecting failing businesses that continually make mistakes just weaken the entire system, otherwise, Mt Gox would've asked for a bailout/protection to keep operating and got it from the government at the cost of taxpayers, and the users/operators who very foolishly kept massive amounts of Bitcoin/operated the company in a horrible manner would've never seen any consequences for their recklessness.
Essentially everyone would take the hit and the people that fucked up, get to ride on by because they were "protected for the good of the economy" by the government. They would've propped up the weak company that continually fails to learn from it's mistakes, which would have put financial cracks in the bitcoin economy/ecosystem as a result, that means it could be even worse down the line too, sure it's bad now, but as we've seen they've not been able to keep ahead of problems. This might not be their fault but they need to shut down, even temporarily, get their shit in order and then rebuild their reputation, not have their reputation protected by governments and deep pockets, because that will sure as hell lead to a less robust and flexible system down the line. 
Case in point, Mt Gox has THE exchange in April last year and all the other exchanges struggled for share of the market, but when Gox wobbled and fell over due to demand and it's lack of robustness, it gave many newer exchanges a chance to shine, right now they have shielded the Bitcoin economy from the possibility of the market losing vital liquidity so it can continue operating. If Gox had been protected by regulation to force companies/users to only use Gox or monery/resources had been poured into Mt Gox to keep it running, then those smaller startups might never have had a chance to grow and prove themselves, Gox would've still had a monopoly on the market, and Gox's new problems right now would be a disaster for the Bitcoin economy/community. It's far better that Mt Gox be a lesson to other exchanges (and itself) for how not to run a business and treat your customers rather than running to big brother to prop them up, because if it wasn't this that brought Mt Gox down, it would be something else down the line, and everyone will suffer all the more for their incompetence.
@_date: 2014-09-28 09:19:01
I never laughed at him. I told him [he was over invested and blaming everyone but himself for risking more than he could afford to lose]( Did you  even read some of the responses to his childish finger pointing? Or did you just filter for responses that matched you own bias?
In case you need a refresher, here's of what I told him:
















@_date: 2014-09-20 16:14:52
I will not feel sorry for any of these people, their willful ignorance of the world's deep seated problems does not entitle them to have an easy out when the shit hits the fan. I got derided, made fun of, and patronised so many times on world finance and Bitcoin that they deserve to feel significant pain, it's the only way dumb animals learn. I've done my part to warn many people I know, I've been polite, patient and endured their sneering attitudes. If they can't help themselves then that's a problem of their own making.
When GFC^2 comes round I won't even say I told you so, I'll just watch silently as they flail around wondering why they took so long to hedge their bets and secure their assets.
On the flip side, Bitcoin is getting easier and easier to use by the day, in a year or two, I reckon there will be a great number of polished and fully integrated wallets that are safe, secure, and simple. And as it grows, it will become more stable so I think we're actually in pretty good shape. I'm sure even simpletons will see the benefit of saving a few percent of their net worth in Bitcoin (or at least their investor will if/when the Bitcoin ETF happens).
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:41:19
So, like Jon Stewart, but less funny and awkward at times.
@_date: 2014-02-09 17:35:43
Because you throw around a fallacy and lack the depth of argument to apply it.
Eg. calling someone an idiot doesn't conclusively demonstrate idiocy, you actually have to point out *how* the person deserves the title "idiot".
You've also completely derailed the discussion to devolve into pettiness, and thus destroyed any chance of critically challenging your incredibly weak hypothesis.
Edit: nice attempt at [to quoque]( BTW.
@_date: 2014-03-09 09:06:10
lol :) You might be abrasive, but seems your also good for a laugh too :D
@_date: 2014-07-17 13:56:21
TBH, I'm very glad Satoshi allegedly has those coins, many go on about the wealth inequality in the world but much of that is attributed to the powerful leveraging their wealth to rip it out of the fingers of those much weaker than them. It is far better that Satoshi has those coins than to have seen him spend hundreds of thousands of them on a few pizzas, or to have "cashed out" to some rich speculator when they were only a dollar a piece and end up lining a fat cat's pockets wven further.
I consider it only fitting that Satoshi gain the most from his creation, we all know he deserves it, just like every other early adopter that bought a few thousand or mined on their PC back in the day because they wanted to make Bitcoin better, or simply wanted to be part of the experiment. And besides, if people found it galling that Satoshi has such a high number of coins, there were any number of occasions where the majority of Bitcoiners could have revolted against Satoshi and the core devs, forked the code with no changes other than to start a new "fairer" network, (like it wasn't happening hundreds of times already anyway) and restart the blockchain from a new genesis block. Everyone knew that Satoshi probably had a huge number of coins so it was definitely no secret.
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:41:17
Agreed, even with all the recent problems, I thought they still had a chance to keep many users if they were transparent even if that meant that fiat withdrawals were still uncertain.
This "announcement" wasn't even opaque, it was at best botched, at worst an underhanded attempt to undermine the confidence in Bitcoin in general. They've had too many chances and squandered most of them. This last one seals it.
They very seriously need to consider wrapping this company up, or pass ownership/management into hands that are capable of cleaning up their mess.
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:49:20
er... yeah, guess I agree? Like I said, not against it and all but did we need nearly 5 pages of almost exactly the same thing? My instinct says  no.
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:19:13
Goddamnit Overstock, why won't you let the rest of the world use Bitcoin on your site! I want to buy cheap things with magic internet money too! :(
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:16:58
1) Capitalism. He innovated on a platform that allowed him to do so, and he put in the effort to make it happen. In the true entrepreneurial spirit he came up with ideas no one had though of and put them into practice at his own expense, and he got rewarded for that because people liked what he did.
2) He is a businessman, he is not a director of the Bitcoin Foundation or whatever. Stop trying to hold him up to some higher standard. He owes you nothing.
3) He never caused a fork. He made some bad design decisions and he is on record saying it was never his intention to abuse the resources on the blockchain. He curbed his transaction usage when people complained, and it kicked off much earlier discussion of how to deal with dust transactions and such.
Be whiny and snarky all you like, he made Bitcoin better and he made a profit from it. As much as you'd like to shrilly proclaim, he committed no legal or moral crime in doing so.


When you act like a child, yeah, I do feel compelled to ignore you, I also expect more civility from others too but I guess we can't have everything.
@_date: 2014-03-23 05:33:41
That's interesting because people don't really begrudge others winning the lottery, they just put it down to luck. Maybe they see the lottery as more moral than Bitcoin since it can be twisted that Bitcoin users that make it big have somehow "stolen" money from others that get into Bitcoin later or some ridiculousness.
@_date: 2014-08-22 15:04:40
When a bitcoin was $2 a lot of people began mining litecoin for exactly the same reason.
@_date: 2014-12-12 11:23:16
That was a very bearish interpretation IMO, I'll offer the inverse, for balance of course...
Optimism saturation as you imply is not necessarily why the price no longer goes up on good news but always goes down with bad news now days. We've had a huge year with massive amounts of bad developments, the loss of MtGox removed a huge amount of not only Bitcoins, but also fiat liquidity from the Bitcoin market, so it's certain that this has impeded market growth, and also represented a large loss of users and along with it adoption, rebuilding that user base and liquidity takes time, but we've also seem much greater adoption by merchants with higher profiles etc. naturally this new liquidity coupled with the still high inflation of new coins means market supply is likely outstripping demand. New users don't like to buy more coins in a bear market also, and lower prices also spurs holders to spend/sell to avoid/prevent loss. This also makes them less inclined to rebuy, or buy more because of Bitcoin's continued uncertainty.
As far as volatility affecting underbanked and unbanked, services are already appearing that will help hedge volatility to protect users' value so this is becoming less and less of a problem, this also has little affect on remittances which the under/unbanked are far more likely to want/need in any case, so their barriers to Bitcoin adoption is not high as some like to portray.
As far as Bitcoin's stigma is concerned, most is hyperbole, baseless and mostly generated from misinformation, and lack of education. Even in light of that, Bitcoin has literally endured 4.5 years of bad press and this supposed domino effect that would potentially scare away adoption and growth has not eventuated. Merchants and charities are not scared of accepting Bitcoin any more than they are scared of accepting cash. What they HAVE been scared of is the legal uncertainty, as banks have been known to cut off Bitcoin startups and businesses that get involved in Bitcoin, this is a very real danger for merchants and definitely has slowed adoption and pushed Bitcoin acceptance to the fringes. Merchants are rarely gamblers or risk takers. Lack of regulatory certainty is what will keep many away and will probably be that way into 2015 until real legislation/policy/guidelines is enacted that merchants can assure themselves that they are acting within the law and that banks aren't going to retaliate against them for being involved with Bitcoin.
High-ish inflation will only last another 1.5 years because of the current difficulty increases of late, after that it will be lower than most existing currencies, so even if no/few new users enter the martket, scarcity will rise regardless, so unless there is an abandonment of Bitcoin in the next 2 years then the chances of a price rise is strong. As for expecting Bitcoin to be on par with Facebook and the like, It took the [EU 6 years on it's own to just *plan* to roll out the Euro]( and credit card saturation took a huge amount of money and ~~coercion~~ promotion on the banks' part to roll out credit cards and facilities, and took [30 years to reach &gt;70% saturation]( 6 years is a blip in the [lifetime of a currency]( and many traditional fiat currencies haven't even lasted that long. The mean lifetime is 27 -37 years, so to expect Bitcoin to be the equivalent of a flower in full bloom is not in line with the facts consistent with existing fiat currencies.
@_date: 2014-11-01 15:29:05
Sorry, but I've seen terrible years for Bitcoin, this has by no means been a terrible years.
2012, now THAT was a shitty year. :( And if you truly believe an alt is somehow going to cut Bitcoin's lunch then I think you are greatly underestimating Bitcoin and overestimating alts to a staggering degree.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:42:17
Unfortunately is also a magnet for trolls and know-alls as well. Couple that with memes, etc. and this place can get pretty lively ;)
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:00:12
Yes, we can. As the current financial industry stands now it is monopolistic, hidden, and caters to the wealthy and privileged while it bullies and cherry picks which businesses get to be competitive or not.
Bitcoin introduces competition, and just because it can't handle huge transaction volume doesn't mean it can't or won't in the future. It will scale as demand increases, and businesses will be encouraged to settle off chain to save on fees and other things when lines of trust are built between businesses and services like coinbase, exchanges also don't trade on the blockchain because they have been able to build trust with their users and others will follow, that way of doing business will continue and increase .
And this is why, the difference between the old system and Bitcoin is that the barrier to entry is very low so services have no monopoly on payments like paypal et al. Most the time with payment processors you are locked in because shifting your business is expensive, time consuming and may even be impossible. In Bitcoin moving to a different processor is trivial, you still have the same user base (Bitcoin users), and even in the worst case scenario, you can still settle on the blockchain (satoshidice does/did this though it's not really necessary, but it's the extreme end of zero trust systems), this lack of dependence on any one service means competition, and bitpay, coinbase et al. have an incentive to fight to make businesses stay rather than paypal's cosy situation where it's their way or the highway. They have an incentive to build working relationships and trust, on both side rather than the one-sided paypal situation, so payment processors also have incentive to innovate offline transactions too, it's not a top down, blockchain only system, it has layers of trust that can be traced back to the blockchain eventually.
Clients are already beginning to do similar things by being less dependent on the full blockchain and the business world will follow in a similar fashion too.
Edit: readability, also downvoted? lol, I guess the truth is too hard to swallow for some :)
@_date: 2014-03-14 16:13:26
Less than 60% of all Bitcoin have been mined so far with the majority of the remainder being distributed in the next decade or two, and there is no such thing as free money. Regardless of what people think, Bitcoin is still a huge risk and there is no safety net, or guarantees, large holders can either sit on their fortune and take a huge risk that it's value will rise by doing nothing and simply pray, or they can use some of their wealth to reinvest back into the bitcoin ecosystem to protect their value and neither is a sure thing.
And as Aahzmundus said, it's opt-in, you can still opt in and most the time avoid most of the risk or price manipulation, while still reaping most of Bitcoin's benefits by buying and using it only when you need to, but if this still doesn't placate you, remember that you have options, litecoin, ripple, doge (!), primecoin, xyzcoin, etc. etc. are completely free of direct influence by Bitcoin users if you think that Bitcoin's value is somehow too destabilised by large holders. Like it or not though, it really doesn't matter which coin you go to, there will always be rich manipulators, and the only way this will change is by increased adoption. Unlike the old financial system though, there is no free lunch, every large holder has held through huge upswings, and downturns, even the last couple of months, huge holders had to have incredible belief in Bitcoin to hold at the peak, *not* sell, and then *not* panic when it plummeted to 400. Shit like that is not a safe bet and large holders still in the game can either afford to lose it, in any case they probably aren't going to panic dump and are not going to destabilise/manipulate the market because they have no real desire to, or are staunch believers that believe in Bitcoin so much that they want Bitcoin to succeed no matter what and are not going to sell in a panic now matter what happens. Manipulators are usually temporary, pump and dumpers in it for a quick buck that will flee back to fiat at a mament's notice, it's highly doubtful that many manipulators will be risking millions of USD on the bitcoin markets, (or even exchanges for that matter).
With Gox losing such a massive number of coins, it is true that Bitcoin has become a little more centralised recently, but it will continue to become more distributed over time. Large holders can only spend their Bitcoins once, and unless they reinvest back into the Bitcoin ecosystem, they aren't going to be getting any more than they already have, unlike those fat-cats that get bailouts from governments, or those that simply sit on their money, or do nothing with almost zero risk, and slowly accrue interest and live off it.
@_date: 2014-09-29 08:50:30
The price doesn't matter == you didn't risk more than you could afford to lose.
The price matters == you risked more than you can afford to lose (you)
Which is why the title clearly states, "The price of Bitcoin only matters if you invest more than you can lose.".
@_date: 2014-01-20 12:48:02
[I disagree](
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:25:40
I was going to just link to related discussions, but I did a search myself to see if I could actually find anything related and found little. Sadly none of the criteria he used would've worked.
Sometimes I've found there's a kind of catharsis in boxing someone in logically when they spout crap and act like a tool, really nailing someone in their place when they are being arrogant know-alls is *very* satisfying. But I've also found that a large number of comments, that on the surface seem snarky, are actually genuine queries. So, defaulting to brusque replies and downvotes just drives away those that genuinely want to be involved in productive conversation.
And besides, I like helping people :)
@_date: 2014-07-23 04:06:04
Yes, Bitcoin comes from a long line of research on cryptocurrency spanning a few decades, but I'm specifically talking about the development of the Bitcoin codebase that Satoshi started.
@_date: 2014-02-20 09:28:56
Admittedly they never said what timezone, but I'd expect that if you don't update by closing time in Japan, they're not going to, but we'll see.
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:16:23
Have you seen [this]( I consider the idea of witholding blocks far more effective and simpler than trying to orchestrate a complicated and unproven solution.


I disagree, pools offer far more decentralisation by their existence than without them. If we didn't have pools, there would be ZERO small mining outfits because it would have been utterly crushed by huge professional mining outfits, and all we'd have as a result are a couple huge organisations with millions of dollars in hardware that really *could* collude to perform a 51% attack on the network. The only reason block eruptors and mining at home still exists is because of pools. Pools have helped shelter and preserve a huge amount of the decentralisation that would have otherwise disappeared as the difficulty skyrocketed. Additionally, the fact that individual miners operating in pools still have full control over whether a block is found and broadcast by the pools very clearly means that there was never any real centralisation to begin with. Big pools are a mild concern, at best. 


This is not so, miners are proportionally rewarded based on the valid shares they submit. It has nothing to do with blocks, except when it comes to divvying up the loot between all the miners. And what's more, even when a valid block is withheld, pools operators still reward the miner with existing shares, and have zero chance of punishing a miner that withholds a block because it is impossible to identify them. Pool operators can also detect when miners are revolting against them over time (because the shares will be the same as normal, but the discovered blocks rate will plummet) and miners lose nothing by protesting against a pool that recklessly gets closer to 51% control of the network. Other greedy miners that see the variance get worse that aren't participating in the protest also will be incentivised to move to other pools.
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:49:16
I've personally bought from  , the guy only sells unfunded coins which you have to fund yourself, but he is reputable and his products are fairly good quality.
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:15:56
It's their right because you ceded that right (and a number of other rights) to them. It's right in the Terms Of Service that you agreed to here,


1. You have agreed to this user agreement;
 so you've signed up and are already bound by their terms of service regardless of whether you complain about it later, and here,




so you've already agreed to not hold igot liable for any loss. In this case the Bitcoins you've already sent to their site without properly checking their terms for withdrawal. This is, by default, your responsibility according to the TOS you've agreed to, this is something you should have emailed them about first if you had never planned to send them your personal information, especially considering that it clearly sates you need to send them identifying infor if you wish to continue using their site. And you've agreed that your negligence in not adhering to those terms here,


And if that is not enough to convince you, they've made it crystal clear that if the site doesn't work properly, it is also not their fault




So if the verification email was borked, or the locking out of your funds was messed up, or even intentional, you're simply going to have to either make nice with them, or consider it a loss. They've made it absolutely clear that if something happens to your money where it is no longer accessible, it is not their fault.
They also include criteria for terminating your account








Not supplying identification violates their user agreement, and also,




inactive/unverified accounts can also be terminated (though it's unclear whether your account falls under this definition since it is rather vague, in which case you should have emailed them), but your account may only have been allowed to be active for a day unless it were verified by email, then locked until that verification email were verified. This is something you should have emailed them about so you knew with certainty that unconfirmed accounts could not only deposit, but also allow withdrawals of all your funds.
However in light of all of this they've made it clear if there is a problem you should contact them in order to get it cleared up.


^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ This here is what you should have been doing **first** before you brought your grievance to this subreddit. You need to stop pouting like a child, stop complaining, and **politely email them asking for help to get your funds back**. And when you consider using another service in the future that takes bitcoin, **READ THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND ASK QUESTIONS BEFORE SENDING THEM YOUR MONEY**. You should never assume anything, and once you've given them sole access to your coins, you are playing by their rules, no exceptions, if this is unpalatable to you, you should have looked elsewhere, or sent only a tiny amount initially so you weren't stuck in the situation where they have all your money and you have no control over the situation.
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:25:16
Me too, glorious little machine.
@_date: 2014-10-15 16:49:00
Bitcoin didn't happen because people were happy with the status quo. They're disenfranchised, angry, and helpless. The occupy wallstreet protest didn't happen because people thought "fuck it, I'm sick of all these old guys getting to call the shots, it's our turn", the reality is huge numbers of people are being squeezed, and they are reaching breaking point. It's been building for decades, and no-one in power either gives a shit, or they think people will wilfully stay miserable and compliant while the powerful dictate how it will be.
Bitcoin is one of the few outlets of non-violent protest against the existing paradigm, and the status quo expects Bitcoin users to "return to the fold, play nice, and we'll reward you, like the good dogs you are".
The establishment can go fuck themselves.
Edit: Unlike the changing old the old guard, this time, fiscal policy is *fixed*. At least if things do change, there will be no returning to the old ways.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:39:28
Try reading these for starters.
If you want something more recent read this, 
Moral of the story? Don't gamble with Bitcoin.
Ed: Here's one more of a guy who seems to be [exactly in the same situation as you right now]( wondering if he should bet to try and recoup his loss, [spoiler](/s "he loses it all, plus some more").
@_date: 2014-10-08 12:34:48
You are naive because you are trying to fix something that is not broken and completely blind to just how skilled satoshi is as a programmer. You forget there was never a testnet back then. When he released the code, the blockchain was live the first day it was released and alpha without anyone having tested it before it was switched on. To pull off something like that, knowing that it could (and did) become the foundation for a billion dollar economy is jawdropping from a programmer's perspective. You don't rip out a perfectly stable and safe solution because the lines aren't curved enough, just like we don't change retargeting from two weeks to every block. You don't hear miners bitching about variance killing their profits because they could make a little more if retargeting was done every block. This is on par to what you are complaining about, and carries about the same importance.
There are many issues that still need to be resolved with Bitcoin's scalability, but you are worrying about the wrong things, and seeing problems where there are none. Like I've said in my previous post, during the last block reward halving nothing adverse happened to the Bitcoin economy, there was no see-sawing of miners dropping off the face of the earth. You need to accept this fact and move on to other more important things.
@_date: 2014-03-24 14:54:05


You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened. Still here, still crying foul, still being whiny, pot-kettle-black, hypocrisy, it's not fair, etc. etc. What you said was not what you meant?
Watching you writhe is like a kaleidoscope of [wow](


Pffffff. Since you seem to have goldfish memory let me recap,
[lol, you haven't changed, did you even forget our convo from 5 months ago? (you have a bad memory too it seems), I knew exactly who I was dealing with from the beginning dude. :)](
[Like I said, you are entertainment after all](
[You are like a puppet, I twitch a string, you dance.](
[And there you go again. lol. Can't even walk away.](
So predictable it's almost like shooting fish in a barrel.
Entertain me!
@_date: 2014-10-05 11:19:40
Which one? If you're talking about the price, then you're at least three "collapses" late.
A bonnafide collapse is when the network forks with an error.... and we've also had at least two of those too, so yeah.
@_date: 2014-07-08 12:12:51
Ah yes, the good old days where Bitcoin was daily compared to pyramid schemes, ponzis schemes, general criminality and hammered so hard for so long that being connected to terrorism right now is in my mind seen as someone turning down the anti-Bitcoin rhetoric.
A lot of people years ago, as well as the media and blogosphere, tried very, very hard to kill off the idea of Bitcoin, thinking that it will work now when it is hundreds of times larger than it was in 2011 is quaint to say the least.
@_date: 2014-12-23 17:58:43
Fair enough. Being vigilant is fine but irrational paranoia is altogether different and people will become desensitised to irrational fear-mongering if you continue down that road. Like I said, don't turn yourself into a boy that cries wolf/chicken little, because people will use those opportunities to ridicule you and discredit you, and then when you raise a real issue where people should pay attention, you will be ignored.
If you want action you need to zero in on real attack vectors, not nebulous what-ifs, you need to be specific. Additionally you should not simply be pointing out attacks, you need to be offering solutions too even if it's simply suggestions to reduce the possibility of attack, if you only doom and gloom, then you portray yourself as someone that is not genuinely concerned. 
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:31:30
I already have,  I'm doing what you do to others, which is say inflammatory stuff to annoy the shit out of people.
The way you hear me is exactly the way you sound to regular users right now.
This isn't because we are haters, it's because you are acting like a child here.
You need to grow up.
People here treat bitcoin very seriously and are very passionate about it and you treat other's opinions like shit. People want to fix the world's problems and you deride it. People want to ease peoples suffering, and you make light of it. People want to find meaning in their lives and have found passion in Bitcoin, and you try to crush it.
You are a child and deserve to be treated as one, until the day comes that you can talk, and act like a grown adult.
When you have done so, drop me a line and we can have a grown up discussion.
Or keep trolling, I'm good for either.
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:12:13
If OP is to be believed, Mark turned a decent company into a ponzi on the sly. That's evil. It means that there may be very little in the way of bitcoins left so people that foolishly stored their coins there may tragically be SOL and the ones with fiat also have only a fraction of their previous value when they sold. No-one associated with Gox is going to be happy with this. If the situation is as OP says it is though, the money has been stolen and is very likely already priced in Ed: or lost as some also suggest, in which case, the recovery of the pricve may be quite rapid (not a good outcome though IMO, it's still shitty), so the current Bitcoin ecosystem is not going to have any sudden shock of bitcoins hitting other markets. A very small silver lining in light of the thousands of now disillusioned, and much poorer Bitcoin users.
Mt Gox and it's users are alone in this tragedy it would seem. I dearly hope there is enough assets so at least *some* of the money is returned, BTC and fiat alike, but that will probably be long, drawn out, and up to the courts.
And yeah, Gox devaluing everyone else's coins with their shit is fucking disgraceful.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:50:03
It's been a long time since one of these cropped up. I must admit I kinda missed them.
@_date: 2014-12-07 16:59:09
You were defending OP's assertion that money in the bank is safer/more secure than Bitcoins in an address, so since you shared the same opinion and was defending OP's statement then it makes sense to assume that you feel that Bitcoin is inferior to supposed bank security. 
I guess in light of the fact that you don't share OP's misgivings over Bitcoin security, then I misunderstood where you were coming from.
laustcozz makes the right call though, bitcoin and banks are two completely different things but Bitcoin definitely shares the functionality of, and in other cases, does away with banks, so the "be your own bank" statement can be misleading but it also partially true. WRT fixating on Bitcoin security, most concerns can easily be mitigated with a reliable hardware wallet and/or education. Trezor does a splendid job, and I expect they're only going to get better/cheaper/easier/more secure and more featureful.
Email wasn't rolled out in a year, and neither will the usability/safety of Bitcoin use.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:39:39
I have never said that Gox deserves to die, but you have to admit, they've screwed the pooch multiple times and they are treating their users and the community like shit. I'm not even a Gox user and I can see that, I never touched Gox after the hack in 2011. I learnt very early, it's unfortunate that others didn't learn their lesson sooner, but people obviously still believed in them up until recently so claiming that people have been hanging shit on Gox for ages is simply not true, heaps of trading still happened until recently.
April last year should have been when people had abandoned them proper but they've stuck with them through thick and thin, and now they are ignored while their money is stuck. That doesn't deserve compassion, or consideration. Users have instilled their trust and (sometimes significant) money, even in light of their serious flaws, in Mt Gox and they've been treated like peasants in return. People's faith in Gox has netted them very large profits, don't forget that, they've made very handsome profits. They should be treating their users and community far better than they have been in the last year.
Mt Gox should have shut down immediately when the problems got so bad that they couldn't get hardly any money out, instead they kept trading, pretended everything was fine, like when they continued trading when their servers overloaded last April and stonewalled everyone, and caused absolute trading horror, and the silence and "nothing's wrong, trading as usual" this time has allowed all manner of FUD to materialise. Then they blamed the protocol for their issues and distanced themselves from looking like they were liable, even though it was patently obvious they made the error.
Be patient, understanding and supportive when someone admits they are wrong. Don't give someone an inch when they pretend everything is fine, ignore everyone and try to do everything (include blame others) but admit they fucked up.
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:12:58
If you are naive about security, the last thing you need to worry about is a friend sweeping it. Anyone will do it. You and only you are accountable for your security. By using Bitcoin you have signed the social contract that everyone else also agreed to. The MIT licensing of the original makes it absolutely and unambiguously clear that no-one but you is accountable for anything that goes wrong when you use the code.
If you don't like these terms, stop using Bitcoin. If you think that people should be held to some higher moral standard beyond the Bitcoin protocol, you should also not be using Bitcoin. Bitcoin offers tremendous benefits, but it also means you have no-one to blame for your misuse of Bitcoin.
You are wearing big boy pants, where personal responsibility begins and ends with you so stop trying to moralise or try to skew the situation where there is some moral obligation that others should be protecting your money for you.
@_date: 2014-03-16 03:07:23
If you don't need miners, then how do you secure it? If security isn't necessary, why use a blockchain?
Absent of the need for security, it would simply be a distributed database, and not a very good one.
The whole premise of the Bitcoin network and technology is that it can be a zero trust system, and the only way that works is with mining, and it becomes more secure the more actors that contribute to the system, it shines in a scenario where there are lots of anonymous actors, if it's closed and you know all the actors, the Bitcoin technology is useless. The system is only as secure as the number of actors involved, it would make zero sense to use it in a closed system, you may as well make it centralised since it is far more efficient.
The only way to leverage the type of security necessary for a system like Bitcoin is incentive, so using it as a currency *must* be the first app. It needs to appeal to as many people on the same level to leverage the network effect to get it going, and to keep usage momentum going. Security for the blockchain is literally a moving target, having lulls in usage is very undesirable, so it needs to be something that people use all the time to keep the incentive up to mine on a continual basis. And besides, the inherrent nature of the system itself makes it most useful as a currency since it is the simplest usage and is by far the most functional purpose of such a system. A million people will see it as far more useful as a currency, than that same million use it solely for notarising documents, smart contracts, or using it for stocks. Money is universal, universal in need, and universal in purpose, everyone wants money, and everyone will want to use Bitcoin as a money because it underpins nearly everything we do in our society, does everyone need to notarise documents? Does everyone have a desire to trade stocks? No, money is the first app.
@_date: 2014-01-25 02:20:55
I'm not making reference to transactions specifically, I'm talking about money supply. In Bitcoin, we know how much new money is being created, unlike the Fed's plans, we know exactly how much money will be in the system 2, 5, 20 years from now, unlike the world's bankers and elites huddled in meetings and making deals at the cost of the general populace. We also know how secure the network is, based on the hashrate, and we also have a huge number of other metrics to help measure the velocity of money. Far more than governments, or the fed are ever going to be willing to give up.
The Bitcoin economy also runs drastically differently to old money. There is no bank intermediary in cahoots with government to spur growth. No legal framework to force usage, or protect the system, or guidance for courts etc. No-one has seen an economic beast like Bitcoin in the wild. So it pretty much turns every so called expert into an amateur again. No-one has experience or even a precedence for such an economy.
Edit: typos
@_date: 2014-11-01 14:33:38
Bitcoin from day one hasn't simply been a system designed to be self sustaining and decentralised, it has also from it's onset been a system that challenges the very foundation of how monetary policy is implemented. They also both go hand in hand, you simply can't discuss one aspect without having a discussion about existing monetary policy. If people want to keep up with Bitcoin, then they're going to hear about how fucked the system is, because the existing system IS broken. If it weren't then Bitcoin would have little reason to exist.
I was trying to offer insight into why the sub is the way it is, but you're right, if I didn't care about your opinion I guess I could have just said, "this is the way works, deal with it or go elsewhere" like some egotistical, self-absorbed douche, but I'm not one to look down on others unless they give me cause to, and rather than bluntly make those kinds of statements I prefer to justify my opinions rather than simply brush you off. You seem to be in the camp that believes that the rules have a literal interpretation and should be enforced in a hard-line manner. Unfortunately we don't have mods like that, because the people that originally created this sub have strong anarchistic and libertarian ideologies, they generally have a light hand when it comes to enforcing these rules, and are more seen as guidelines in some cases. This is good because it means that mods let the sub and it's participants rant, bicker, and everyone's opinion can get aired without fear of reprisal. This also means there are those that will push the tolerances of even hardened redditors and as a result we often get low quality posts, obvious trolling, and it can sometimes create an air of hostility and also produce and echo-chamber effect (AKA circlejerking), but trolls also get their say too and in some circumstances their opinion helps to snap people out of the echo chamber effect. 
Bottom line is, if the people hated this sub, they'd go to one with nanny-like rules, lord knows there is nothing stopping anyone from creating a new sub to mod themselves. No-one was forced to subscribe to this sub and if you are adamant that a large enough group of people hate and would prefer more content with a strict adherence to Bitcoin specific discussion, stringent decorum, and a high filter against low quality posts, then go forth and create it, promote it etc. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:55:55


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!
^^^^sorry ^^^^I ^^^^couldn't ^^^^help ^^^^myself
Not in denial here, but can any of your sources publicly verify what you've claimed? With all the speculation here, without any confirmation of these statements, this could be just more speculation.
@_date: 2014-10-21 13:36:25
It's an impossible scenario IMO, because Bitcoin at it's inception had no value to begin with, it's only by enforcing a scarcity among Bitcoin that they have any value, and this value can only be realised in an open market (thus it has to have speculators in order for any value to be settled on), any attempt to force it's value onto users would centralise it and that undermines the major premise for creating the currency in the first place (that being it is designed to be a decentralised network). That doesn't even take into account that every centralised payment network has been dismantled by governments around the world for money laundering etc. so Bitcoin could only safely exist as a decentralised network.
The question poses an impossible scenario because the very scenario envisaged would nullify Bitcoin's existence before OP's conditions could exist.
@_date: 2014-10-01 07:26:10
Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-01-29 02:57:12
Frothing at the mouth much?
I take far more seriously those that put themselves out there. You call him out for being a coward, and you don't have the balls to show how you've done a better job. Hate you? Your babbling is simply white noise. Noise that gets very quickly drowned out by others that actually contribute in valuable ways to the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:16:28
I can remember my parents used to go shopping and EFTPOS was only just starting to roll out, everyone would groan when some retard wanted to use their credit card to pay because it took "ages" to complete the transaction compared to cash.
CC has taken decades to get to the point where it is as fast as cash, blithely dismissing Bitcoin which has barely made it onto the scene is selling bitcoin massively short. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:04:09
Yes, I get that, but Bitcoin is big boy pants money, not get rich quick, don't worry we'll print some more for you, I'll let you take care of it, or whoops, let me do a chargeback money. It is not there yet, and in some situations may never be because it simply isn't like your standard, safe, regulated cash.
Multitudes of exchanges have risen and fallen, that is also common knowledge, and I *constantly* tell people.
**DO NOT RISK MORE THAN YOU ARE WILLING TO LOSE**, here and in real life.
All. The. Time.
If they are new, they risked thousands or more, and they are now sad/angry they can't get it out of Gox then they damn well ignored a cardinal rule in investing in a hugely risky technology. They got greedy and on top of that got lazy by keeping their funds at Gox.
The media also, for all it's misinformation has also made it abundantly clear to the public that hackers steal money from exchanges. A lot. And that the price goes up and down. A Lot. And exchanges lose people's money. A lot.
Bitcoin's bad news is nearly always news worthy stuff. For every good news story they hear about Bitcoin, they've undoubtedly heard five very bad Bitcoin news stories.
Traders who do it for profit have no excuse. If they trade there they can't hide behind ignorance and not know that Gox has had a shaky history, and even if they didn't know, trading with your entire investment in Bitcoins is a risk you choose to take on.
Remember, big boy pants. If you trade, the onus is on *you* to hedge your risk, and stem your losses, and again, to *never risk more than you are willing to lose*. If that is too hard for them, then maybe they should not be in this game.
I've invested in the past in Bitcoin mining, lost a very big chunk buying shares at the peak before Bitcoin went up a couple orders of magnitude, and it was on BTCTC too, but I never blamed the site for causing trading chaos, or getting bitter when some operations just ran off and were never heard from again, leaving me with nothing. Shit sucks, but it is wild west stuff here. 
Do you know why I'm not sad/angry? Because I never risked more than I was willing to lose.
Accept the risk (better yet, take personal responsibility for your decisions), or get out of the game.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:36:10
Hmm, ok, let's see if you're right then, since it was good for throwaway-o to talk like that to me according to you, [lets try it out](
Take your unsolicited judgmentalism out the back of your house and shoot it in the neck, because you aren't going to persuade me or anyone else with it.
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:05:39
I skimmed it and that's generally what it is.
@_date: 2014-07-18 09:25:40
I see it very simply, if they can't control 100% of the network, they control none of it, and I disagree that it's not about the miners, like I said they are the gate keepers, in the fiat world the banks are the gate keepers, that is why operation "chokepoint" is so effective in the fiat world, that is also how the authorities tried to obliterate Wikileaks, filesharing sites like "mega", etc. they leaned on the banks and financial institutions and turned off the money. 
Now with the advent of Bitcoin unless they can completely control mining all these businesses/organisations/people that decide to not play by the rules can't be coerced to comply, apart from guns, a government's second most effective weapon is controlling the money, and when those businesses refuse to play nice with governments because they don't have to (and we can be assured that a "black" business will gladly accept black and white coins, whereas a "white" business will only accept white coins, essentially barring themselves from accepting authorised coins, making them less competitive), thus these black businesses will have the competitive edge that all the other white businesses simply can't compete with, this competitive wedge will force the relaxation of rules because white businesses will demand it, to do otherwise means that governments are simply punishing white businesses for doing the right thing while black businesses have a field day, and governments will lose money if they don't. Prohibition was a disaster because it created a huge black market for alcohol that government had zero control of, and legalising alcohol was a huge cash cow for governments, it was simply in government's best interest to relax laws significantly such that it was extremely easy for producers to be on the right side of the law rather than operate outside of it and be punished. 
Oppressive laws simply don't work unless you have 100% control of that which you are legislating, if you can't control it and others can get easy access while also being able to avoid punishment the black market will push out the white one, and the black market will avoid having to pay governments for the pleasure so it's a double whammy. It also happened with many other things that governments tried to regulate into oblivion, there was once a time where governments tried to ban/regulate cryptographic algorithms, or even the use of cryptography to avoid the prying eyes of government, it's so laughable looking back, but we all know that to do so was futile because regulating math is like regulating sunlight, or gravity, it was completely beyond the government's control, but they tried anyway.
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:49:30
Yes, because he's acting like a moron and at least I can save him from his stupidity if he's lucky. He needs to feel the terror of losing his funds so he treats Bitcoin security like life and death (because I doubt he'll live long after a real malicious person steals his funds), and more importantly, he needs those funds secured IMMEDIATELY, seconds count with exposed keys. I know people have tried experiments here where they've leaked private keys to the internet or even somewhat unsecure wallets, or [even on T.V.]( . Once those keys are sweeped you are SOL. As I've said, no-one is going to protect your money for you.
Here's a curve ball for you to consider since you try to keep playing the moral card in this argument.
A person has a pet (bitcoin), but during a storm, it breaks loose and wanders the streets (becomes unsecure and is exposed on the internet), the neighborhood is in a bad part of town where anyone will take the dog and turn him into dinner (the internet is constantly being trawled by bad actors looking for insecure coins), you happen upon the dog, (exposed keys) first. What do you do? Do you grab the hapless animal before someone else does (sweep the keys then wait and hope the owner comes forward to collect him), and if not keep the dog as your own pet, or do you look the other way, and leave the dog even though you know someone is going to prey on him sooner or later.
In this situation though you may never know if the dog is a stray (lost coins), someone's property (from an exposed or active wallet), or forgotten and neglected (resigned to a dusty machine never to be used again). You can only act in a moral manner if you know which of these situations apply  to this pet. If you can't discern which it is then most people will do with the dog as they please, whether it be keep it (keep the sweeped coins for themselves), hand them to someone else to handle like the pound (the authorities to keep them safe until the owner claims them), try to find the owner yourself (put a message out to see if someone comes forth), or simply wait for someone to cause a ruckus and hand them back if they make enough noise and can prove ownership.
In OP's case he has no idea which case applies and he is in all likelihood not obligated to find out either, unless the owner approaches him or makes noise about the loss he should be free to do with the contents as he so pleases.
 
Ed, missed info.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:26:27
OOoooooohhhhhh scary! Still acting like a child I see.
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:38:01
Preaching to the choir here, I've seen it all before a number of times. I personally have no faith in Ethereum. I don't really care what they say, most seems to be aspirational BS nested in a huge amount of complexity, with no proof, compounding that is the fact that they are fund-raising before they even have a product which means that it will always cater to special interests from the genesis block onwards, much like ripple, and much like all the other alts that made pie in the sky claims that their cosmetically tweaked copy-coin was somehow better, or "fixed" Bitcoin in some way (I've still yet to see Bitcoin break so that this fantasy-fix-all-coin can swoop in and become the favourite). I frankly can't believe this shit still manages to *still* rope in people, there's been so many failed -coins it's difficult to even recall them all, yet here we are again with more stupid people betting everything on a trifecta when all they need to do is pick the favourite for the windfall.
I personally can't wait for all the amateurs to spend their Bitcoins on useless get-rich-quick schemes and have that money redistributed to more level headed users.
@_date: 2014-07-22 14:24:12
He actually said that the design began in 2007 and the coding/implementation took around 2 years before the code was released in 2009 so he did put a lot of time into the project. That said it was only him/her/the small group working under the pseudonym that was creating a huge one-shot all-in-one currency/payment system/smart contract/programmable money that had to pretty much nail it in nearly every aspect after it started running ... so yeah, two years in secret/solitude and then going live without a test run is beyond amazing. 
Ed: I'm not sure where he said he started in 2007 but I think it was in either the crypto or bitcointalk forums, and he also released the code soon after the whitepaper, because he said he had to implement it in code first before he could be certain that it would work in theory.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:46:37
Governments do not share power.
@_date: 2014-11-29 10:47:41
The short answer is yes, I think so, the long answer is as follows. This quote from Alan Watts makes me believe this is going to be more and more of a reality in the future.
"Now what happens then when you introduce technology into production? You produce enormous quantities of goods by technological methods but at the same time you put people out of work. You can say "Oh, but it always creates more jobs. There'll always be more jobs." Yes but lots of them will be futile jobs. They will be jobs making every kind of frippery and unnecessary contraption, and one will also at the same time have to beguile the public into feeling that they need and want these completely unnecessary things that aren't even beautiful. And therefore an enormous amount of nonsense employment and busy work, bureaucratic and otherwise, it has to be created in order to keep people working, because we believe as good Protestants that the devil finds work for idle hands to do. But the basic principle of the whole thing has been completely overlooked, that the purpose of the machine is to make drudgery unnecessary. And if we don't allow it to achieve its purpose we live in a constant state of self-frustration. So then if a given manufacturer automates his plant and dismisses his labor force and they have to operate on a very much diminished income, say some sort of dole, the manufacturer suddenly finds that the public does not have the wherewithal to buy his products. And therefore he has invested in this expensive automative machinery to no purpose. And therefore obviously the public has to be provided with the means of purchasing what the machines produce. People say "That's not fair. Where's the money going to come from? Who's gonna pay for it?" The answer is the machine. The machine pays for it, because the machine works for the manufacturer and for the community. "
Bitcoin and DACs/DAOs that sit on top of Bitcoin can facilitate the generation of a basic income where people run DAC nodes and take a share of that income which is paid to the DAC. In this way services are provided to the community and the profits are redistributed to the community via the DACs that run the service. It means that DACs could be distributed email, sidechains, storage, and depending on how involved the person would want to be with generating their basic income it could extend to manufacturing via 3D printing and distribution of these items via open bazaar, etc. etc. In otherwords Alan Watts' idea of the machines literally paying people to buy the products/services the machines produce can now become a reality, and goes even farther than even Alan predicted.
It's incredibly exciting TBH.
@_date: 2014-03-24 12:18:37
And there you go again. lol. Can't even walk away.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:59:47
Welcome to the free market. 
Rule  when buying/using Bitcoin: Never risk more than you are willing to lose. If you do this, (as you damn well should be) then you have nothing to fear from using Bitcoin on a daily basis for whatever purpose. Even by obeying my own rules I have had nothing but good times with Bitcoin. For example, at the beginning of the year I had 0.33 BTC for play money in my blockchain wallet, enough for a cup of coffee, over the months I spent a little here, a little there, donated a few dollars to the EFF and other places, and right now that original 0.33 is down to 0.28, but it's worth about 200+ USD (!!). If you only risk in Bitcoin what you are willing to lose then none of the problems you outline are problems. It's only really an issue for speculators and greedy people that risk money they *can't* lose, let them speculate, they provide liquidity and help in price discovery (the issue of stability). You have nothing to fear from speculators if you are prudent about how much money you keep in Bitcoin.
The underlying cause of all your criticisms is that the Bitcoin economy is still very, very small. Everything you have covered will become less of an issue as the Bitcoin market gets larger. As liquidity increases, via merchant adoption, more exchanges, more banks working to help move money in/out of the Bitcoin network, and more people acquire and use Bitcoins, it will make the value of a coin far more stable.
You complain about how bad it is right now, but 2 years ago, the value moved minute to minute like a god-damned ping-pong ball. Things have *vastly* improved, and as Bitcoin progresses as it has, it will continue to improve.
As far as the toxic people in are concerned, this is the price of being a popular subreddit, the mods can only do so much, and apparently it happens to all subreddits when they move past 50k subscribers. Conversely, when the price of Bitcoin has huge volatility (like in recent weeks), it tends to be more of a rats nest during those periods for obvious reasons. When (if?) the price levels out a bit, which it very often does, the cheerleaders/trolls will diminish substantially.
@_date: 2014-03-11 07:54:34
I for one am immensely thankful for the effort you guys are putting in. Maybe one day colored coin dividends will be paid using stealth addresses too. So much potential :) it gives me warm fuzzies just thinking about it.
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:57:12
The weeks before and after, almost nothing happened TBH. Everyone was really excited and anxious about what would occur price wise, some people expected mining hashrate to plummet, and others were worried the price would get super volatile. It was kind of fun witnessing the change from 50 to 25 BTC but as far as price movements were concerned, it was extremely anti-climactic, the hash rate slowed somewhat, and I think it went back a little, but not long after it resumed it's relentless pace.
Hopefully the next halving will be just as uneventful.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:29:30
It will never happen because it is a short term non-problem, that was literally discussed and discarded [years ago]( but unfortunately there is no shortage of new people that think they can "fix" Bitcoin by introducing ever more complex and convoluted solutions to problems that aren't really problems. Within a decade, these halvings will be well eclipsed by fees, and besides that, miners would never accept such a controversial, and ultimately frivolous change since it will confuse, complicate and in actual fact makes thing far more unstable because right now the halving code is unambiguously clear, whereas any new code could have a logic error, breaking the scarcity (happened with dogecoin), or even be exploited somehow, and all because some people couldn't accept one halving every 4 years and demanded a complex fractioning over every single block, that's 220,000 fractionings over the same period. Imagine a multitude of different operating systems and hardware with all of their rounding quirks trying to converge on exactly the same number with perfect reliability 220,000 times over 4 years as opposed to one time every 4 years, and it only takes one major OS or hardware platform to fuck up and cause a fork (every core devs nightmare). Rounding is a nightmare in CS at the best of times and you will not get it right, it is too risky and too uncertain, Satoshi was extremely smart about this and I'm still impressed at his forethought in how he safely was able to write the code for halving. I urge you to check out how he did it because it is undeniably exact and reliable in it's current state. Implementing anything more complex than his solution is simply asking for trouble.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:42:54
Exchanges aren't Bitcoin, they are centralised and have no connection to the Bitcoin network, they are adjuncts to the old system and that's where all the flaws are derived from. And Helvetian616 is saying that you can trust the blockchain because you can independently verify from as many random nodes as you like and it will be verifiably consistent, thus no one node needs to be trusted to verify transactions.
It is unprecedented in that a network of this type and size was considered impossible to create from scratch, incredibly cheap compared to the existing financial systems and completely autonomous.
@_date: 2014-10-22 10:03:10


Not saying it's exactly the same, I'm more describing his mentality as the same as going to a casino. He sees others reaping the benefits (profits) and wants in, even worse in this instance is he was risking money that wasn't even his on the possibility that he will get a huge return for no effort, just like some inexperienced people do in the stock market. This can't be construed as a sound investment in any way, he had no safety net, was betting the entirety of his available credit and knew he was screwed if Bitcoin didn't pan out.


For every seller, there is a buyer, someone that sold was gaining the benefit of liquidity (or exchange fees) from him so others were definitely gaining from his actions. 
A better analogy would've been taking a loan from the mob to bet on the horses, but it feels a little bit to sensationalised and cliché for my taste. Regardless of how it is rationalised, I see it as gambling with other people's money.
@_date: 2014-03-24 17:46:38


Of *course* it didn't pooky face.


[please explain](
No, wait, *yawn* I think I can sum it up.
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-02-23 06:52:11
Pack it up fellas! Bitcoin is only good for paying people! 
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:21:19
The average Joe also knows how to get a second key cut for their house/car/bikechain/etc. and he certainly knows how to keep his wallet full of cash safe when he walks down the street (or he should do), so I simply do not buy the excuse that average Joe can't write down 24 words on a piece of paper and keep it safe. Shifting personal responsibility to banks is the whole reason people get angry with their banks in the first place. They want their money to be safe/secure/100% accesible/private/etc. but they refuse to acknowlege that there will always be a tradeoff. You don't get the previously mentioned things without making compromises. You want 100% secure, then expect to sacrifice ease of use,or timely access, want to prevent misuse? expect to sacrifice some (or all) of your privacy, want to pay anyone in the world? expect to divilge info on the person you are sending to, as well as waiting a while for the banks to make sure the receiver is not doing something shady with the money you are sending to them. Joe doesn't call the car company when he loses his keys, and he certainly doesn't call the locksmith to magic into existence a new identical key when Joe gets careless, so it's really just laziness and narcissism on Joes part. Joe wants all the perks, with none of the responsibility, and nowhere in life does that ever happen without compromise. People haven't experienced monetary freedom for so long they've clean forgotten what it is like to NOT have to answer to another person when they want to use their money. Just buying bitcoins on it's own has highlighted just how restrictive and oppressive the current financial system really is.
To a certain extent I do agree with you however, many wallets right now are not average Joe-proof. Yet. But getting on the internet was also something uber-geeks and professionals exclusively used in the early stages. Usability/security is an ongoing process that will improve over time the more it is adopted. Wallet security/safety is advancing at a hares pace, I've seen it happen right from the beginning when there was only the Satoshi client (back then wallet.dat files were being stolen so much it was crazy) to now. I got myself a Trezor recently, and I was blown away with how simple it was, not just everyday usage, but setup and recovery too. What's more, it's security measures are not just extremely robust, but easy to pick up for a layman, it largely gets out of the way unless you are plugging it in, or when you are signing a transaction. Other wallets are also integrating Trezor in the future, so I see Bitcoin security/usability getting a huge boost in the next several months. But again, I'm compromising on security by trusting satoshilabs to do what they say and give me a secure device that requires very little security knowlege, as well as ponying up the dough for the pleasure.
There is always a compromise. You didn't think that little blue "e" was [free and simply there because Microsoft loved it's users did you?]( ;)
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:00:27
@_date: 2014-12-31 12:12:54
Since decided to [delete his post]( I'll put it here.
these are screenshots/image dumps from the original sites. The top ones are the number of transactions, and every chart in the picture is over the period of either 1 year for the far left/right, or the center which is over 4, I thought the titles at the top were pretty explanatory for that though.
Here's an [updated chart]( in case others are shocked and appalled that I didn't use labelling on the axis of the graphs. I can only hope that this is atonement enough for my sins, and that never hears of my transgressions....
@_date: 2014-09-27 03:35:49
Here ya [go]( :)
If you can't trust techcrunch, here's another link from a [non-profit organisation](
@_date: 2014-01-30 17:11:21
Yes, because that will work so much better than their "Amazon coins" idea.
@_date: 2014-03-24 12:07:37
I was referring to 5 months ago, keep up. Like I said, so easy to set you off. You are like a puppet, I twitch a string, you dance.
@_date: 2014-01-10 02:38:32
I understand what's going on but all these problems have been known of for years, there is no story, because it is nothing new. You yourself are being a chicken little screaming that the sky is falling. It's pointless, old, and offers nothing in the way of any meaningful solution. 
Go here,  if you actually want meaningful, insightful and productive discussion. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:10:07
Indeed. Curious minds want to know...
@_date: 2014-11-16 08:35:44
I don't hate the idea of Etherium, per se, it has some interesting ideas, but as I said; under promise, and over deliver. Instead they are making huge promises, and are still yet to have delivered on something. Counterparty OTOH had very little fanfare, and it was only when they had something to show off that people started talking about it. I know there was a fund-raising effort too via proof of burn (which I find very unpalatable) but the money does not go directly into counterparty dev pockets, which means that they are less likely to hide flaws and such to protect the project or themselves.
Forking is all well and good but it says nothing for it's safety, stability, or efficiency. There's lots of ways to implement smart contracts and Etherium is hardly the only way but counterparty devs never made bold claims they would co-opt Etherium components to hype up their project, they simply quietly did it, I expect that Etherium will be cannibalised by other projects and Etherium will still be sitting at the drawing board trying to make that "perfect" smart contracts system.
I'm hoping a year or two from now we'll be using sidechains anyway and Etherium will quietly die while development becomes a far more open platform where Bitcoin powered alts will not only spur alt development but also protect users from pump/dump alts like Etherium where the devs have a monopoly on development and have a vested interest in keeping development decisions closed and financially incentivised to hide problems.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:59:16
Then pay someone to do it for you.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:13:51
heh :)
We should leave that as a problem for our children's children's children's children's children. We should not do any unnecessary hard forks unless it is for urgent fixes damit! We might break the system!
[This comes to mind]( 
@_date: 2014-09-28 16:12:46
I'm 100% with on this (even though some lame arses are downvoting him), the second I read the OP my spidey sense tingled.
I have a number of questions that I'm curious on whether you will deliver on answering, that being:
What wallet were you using?
Also, how, theoretically did the vendor send a text message to your phone via a transaction broadcast on the blockchain? Again this would be connected to the wallet you were using to broadcast with. Curious minds want to know (so that said wallet can be shunned).
Why did the vendor send an unsolicited message to you? I mean really, the vendor drops a message on you asking how his food is? That in itself stretches credulity, let alone everything else.
I will be very interested in the responses to these questions.
Also, why the 0 day account?
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:37:52
Since you love to obsess over trivialities rather than actually admit your are completely wrong, would you like to go and respond to my other post from months back where I also put you in your place with well reasoned arguments to [disprove all your claims and made up facts]( You pussied out and refused to admit you were wsrong, would you like to try again since my anecdotal evidence seems to be too hard for you to swallow. It's on topic after all since your were still going on about how people can't/won't use bitcoin etc.
Attack the idea and not the person OP.
Edit: heh, downvoting and moving along eh OP?  :)
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:44:29


@_date: 2014-01-10 19:45:06
Whatever dude. Go your own way.
@_date: 2014-11-02 15:22:14


No you can't, you can only shut them down if you have the resources, authority, willpower to do so, and an educated and informed populace that proactively keep their computers secure. This is a fantasy. You can bet botnets will be an ever present threat to Bitcoin. Don't kid yourself, botnets made bank on bitcoin in a big way in the early days and authorities/regular users didn't do shit about it. You think that because something is illegal it will get shutdown? Tell that to the pirate bay. Sha256 chips can be designed by anyone, there is no restriction on that, unlike conventional chips that are flooded with IP restrictions, and there are at least several sha256 chips available on the market already, as well as numerous manufacturers that are already more than willing to cater to those needs. This decentralises mining manufacture.
You live in a dream world if you think that botnets wouldn't be able to undercut CPU power and I'm incredibly glad ACISs appeared, otherwise we'd be dependent as a network on the security of every internet connected computer out there, and the vast majority of internet connected machines are insecure. You'd be forever playing catchup trying to thwart botnets, rather than letting miners that have a legitimate interest in securing the network do their job, rather than giving millions of dollars of Bitcoin to the underworld all because you naively thing that CPU only mining is safer/more decentralised.
@_date: 2014-02-20 10:40:25
Right now I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter. Karpeles' near constant foot in mouth comments, his continual iron curtain on what is going on, and his adamant refusal to stop trading until the problem is fixed is starting to border on both.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:53:37


What the quote omits, is that Halsey is trying to emphasise that their service is trying to lower the barrier to entry by reducing the volatility for those that can't risk their money on volatile markets, yet still want to partake of the other benefits that Bitcoin offers.
Halsey expressed that in a pretty bad way (I certainly don't like to be referred to as being "elitist" just because I've got money I'm comfortable with risking), but I'm pretty sure that is what he was getting at.
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:29:23
Hows the Russian rouble been doing this month? You know, the one backed by a $2.553 trillion dollar GDP and is the 6th largest economy in the world.
@_date: 2014-01-03 03:11:53
The ~~prisoner dilemma~~ dynamics of the Bitcoin network says otherwise.
@_date: 2014-10-06 02:18:08
I never said they were necessarily bad. I said people/governments reap all the benefits of inflation at the cost of those around them. The killer is debt and inflation, and the world has huge amounts of both. 
As far as Japan is concerned, they've recently inflated their currency [an ungodly amount to get the economy growing again]( Rather than let their economy readjust, they're doing the opposite (because lack of growth won't pay off all the debt everyone's accrued), and it's [not working]( so in all their wisdom, they're literally going to [keep doing it until it works (which will be never).](
Governments' and banks' only choice in light of all the debt they need to pay off is to inflate. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 09:24:31
As do I you, that's why no one takes you seriously round here. You are version of cat pictures round here after all.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:54:56
*sigh* well if you insist that I do the [heavy lifting for you](
And yes, it is brain-dead simple.
@_date: 2014-11-09 02:31:35
I'm calling bullshit. OP claims to have had 82k BTC at 2012 and got into them at mid 2011 when Bitcoin peaked at 32 USD. 


You say "before all the early hype took hold", but by then the hype had already started, the price had already skyrocketed by that time, so trading your way to 82k BTC is just fantasy unless you put down huge loans to acquire the coins (because as you say later you certainly didn't start this game rich). So you got into Bitcoin when it hit 32 USD yet *somehow* you accrued 82k in Bitcoin (via trading??) during that time. Even if you acquired those coins from the start of 2011 you still would have had to have dropped tens of thousands (probably more like hundreds of thousands), so you would have had to already have had a huge amount of money, but later you already indicate you have a regular income/lifestyle,


and you also say you didn't take it seriously until mid 2012.


If you had wound back all your dates a year you may have been able to BS your way through this but I'm calling you a liar unless you can substantiate your claims with a statement signed by one of your addresses that purports to have held such huge funds. You've already sold large portions apparently so use addresses that no longer have funds attached to it if you are gravely concerned about "privacy". I simply don't buy the excuse that you can't sign a single statement with one of these keys.
Doing an AMA has certain obligations on your end, and one of them is being able to back up your claims. If you claim to be an early adopter then you have more than enough means, and are obligated to provide proof. Hiding behind the "I concerned about my privacy" excuse is BS because you want to do an AMA where you are already willing to sacrifice some of you privacy for the attention.
Ed: typos
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:36:57
As an early miner, I'm leaning towards a very strong no.
Yes, there were gpu miners that got ahead of the game for about a month before gpu based code got open sourced and everyone jumped onboard, but even the well known KnightMB and his 300,000 bitcoins needed a server farm and a good chunk of time to mine them. The hashrate never spiked to indicate a gpu miner reaping all those coins. Even given 2 months, it would "only" have amounted to 432,000 BTC. A million would have taken at least 4 months worth of monopolisation of the network. That, even if it were done over a year or more, would have been impossible to hide.
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:53:45
Banks have been shoving CCs down the public's throats for decades. It hasn't been consumer driven at all, it has been bank driven, because banks can get a slice of the transaction that way, if everyone used cash, banks would miss out. Bitcoin cut off banks just like cash does, but it can easily function just like a credit card in many ways (except it doesn't benefit banks in the least).
Bitcoin is grassroots, so yeah, adoption is going to be slow compared to banks that can use their massive resources to advertise, and stick in everyone's faces that they should/must have a credit card in order to buy quickly, easily, have a good credit score, get a loan, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, in order to be a part of society.
If it's not on the agenda for consumers, then why does [everyone hate banks]( If people loved banks, and everything they did was ok in the public's mind then Bitcoin would be dead in the water. 
Bitcoin is undeniably growing and improving, but I'm not shoving propaganda or plastic cards in your mailbox, nor am I threatening to not give you a loan if you don't use our "safe" and "secure" service, nor am I saying you need to lick our boots in order to be a part of the system. 
Bitcoin isn't pandering to anyone's desires or threatening anyone to get on board, it stands on it's own and if you like it, use it, if not, don't.
@_date: 2014-07-18 11:31:15
Ahh yes, I guess I should be more specific, I was not really referring to the hashrate, but more the control of the network, IOW controlling 51% of the hashrate means 100% control of the Bitcoin network when it comes to transactions.
@_date: 2014-10-28 14:20:46
Thanks for all the shipping updates on the main website. It's been nice following your progress over the weeks. I'm rather proud my purchases are not just helping excellent artists like yourself, but also bees :). 
With regards to what you should do with the funds raised for Bitcoin related projects, could I suggest donating some to Open Bazaar via tip4commit? Or perhaps donating some to the lighthouse project? Both have a good rep and an easy means of getting the funds to them.
In any case, great job! You've certainly created a very pretty product that I've definitely enjoyed supporting through my purchase. And well done on slogging through all those hours to assemble them, that would've taken some endurance! :).
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:44:45
Why thankyou good sir! :)
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:48:45
Thanks for sharing, similar circumstances here. I have never bought/sold coins emotionally, and only spend them when I actually need a little extra cash, or find a merchant that has something I want and accepts Bitcoins (I always get a little thrill, even now when I buy directly using Bitcoin :) ), and up until recently have regularly bought Bitcoins, regardless of the price.
I'm fairly indifferent to these issues. Mt Gox has been a boon to Bitcoin in the very early days, but in the last 2 years it has unfortunately been a huge thorn. Mt Gox's bad press has always been bad reputationally for Bitcoin as well, yet their long history has always meant people have made excuses for their bad performance. I don't really want them to disappear, but I sure as hell want them to go offline and stay offline until they sort their shit out. Their constant denial that anything is wrong is incredibly damaging to Bitcoin's growth, it's reputation, and has in many way's been a source for bad press.
As a long time user, I believe Bitcoin is not in any way going to disappear, it's simply too damn useful and the momentum is already at a stage where it can pull itself through and continue to innovate and grow. The only thing that can dethrone it right now is a critical flaw in the protocol, or an alt that is an order on magnitude better than Bitcoin (which I find as likely as Satoshi revealing his identity). I don't say this as a cheerleader, I say this as someone that has weathered every single spike and dip, and watched Bitcoin grow along the way, and boy has it grown!
I'm not saying this to prevent people from selling either. If you have risked more than you are willing to loose, for the love of god sell until you feel comfortable again. I don't want greedy idiots risking their life savings or to be holding out/stretching their neck out for a bit more profit. That said, I have no doubt that Bitcoin is going to grow significantly this year, just like it has every other year, and I'm very much looking forward to what comes next.
@_date: 2014-08-08 14:21:33
Ah, I'm terribly sorry. I interpreted the tone as "snarky" that being sarcastic and rude. Unfortunately your comment could be interpreted as positive and negative because sarcasm is like that. Unfortunately trolls use sarcasm a lot in I'm glad my advice was helpful :) I will edit my post appropriately.
@_date: 2014-09-29 15:21:34
I agree wholeheartedly with the guy's blog, and it's even worse than I thought, reading the business section today I found out that CBA, which accounts for 25% of all of Australia's loans is now *paying* brokers to get even more loans finalised, which is apparently unheard of and is almost certain to spur a new deluge of new loans as well as spur other banks to do the same, yet in the same section, the RBA has mandated that more thorough checks on which loans get approved or not is to be tightened. 
Essentially, as I see it the CBA and eventually other banks, are literally trying to push for more loans even when the RBA is trying to stifle them (and failing miserably it seems).
It's gonna be one gigantic clusterfuck. Apparently if interest rates get 2% higher, 25% of all loans out there will likely default. Banks are pretty much putting a financial gun to their heads and the RBA has no choice but to keep interest rates low because the economy is slowing and unemployment is steadily rising, further exacerbating the problem.
Fucking madness is what this is.
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:56:37
Ironically I've heard the best way to combat manipulation in a free market is to encourage more manipulation to occur. Market manipulation implies that most people play by the rules while a few find ways to break them without getting punished. If everyone is allowed to manipulate the market like everyone else then the incentive to manipulate is largely diminished and not as appealing.
That's not my opinion, but some here express that point of view. I really don't know what will happen when/if the ETF comes to town but it sure will be interesting! I guess the only saving grace is that Bitcoin can be verified cryptographically unlike every other fund out there, people can challenge your claim to holding a certain amount of bitcoins and it is verifiably possible to verify a person says they have the funds they claim to have so there's that at least.
@_date: 2014-11-15 01:48:53
Reminds me of this guy's efforts to push transactions through [old analog phones](
Great work OP! 
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:44:35
Yep, I'm not too worried, if they're taking their sweet time, it's probably because they are crossing every t and dotting every i. There's really no rush for them to open their doors, hell it's usually been a disaster for those that rush to start a business in the Bitcoin world. 
If it takes longer than a year though....
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:27:24
Just remember it's not investing advice, and remember to not invest more than you are willing to lose :). I simply say these things because I've been here the last couple times, and even to someone like myself that was around when Bitcoin was single digits, even I'm feeling comfortable thinking of a bitcoin being worth several hundreds of USD, funny how the mind can adapt to and learn to accept such things... Bitcoin's fundamentals are definitely starting to entrench themselves.
@_date: 2014-10-02 05:14:39


Damn, I remember that time (how could I forget). Every second day, yet *another* bitcoin service that had been slapped together over the weekend had been hacked, scammed, or was a scammer themselves. Exchanges opening, losing their bank partners and shutting down, newbies crying that their coins had been stolen every single day because they couldn't/wouldn't secure their coins properly. People terrified that governments around the world would collectively ban bitcoin use, media exposure claiming it was a scam. Every time I went to bitcointalk I had to steel myself for the likelihood that shit had hit the fan yet again. It was an amazing experience to be a part of the Bitcoin community back then, but I'm also immensely glad that Bitcoin has matured a great deal compared to those days.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:57:02
To be fair, noone really knows yet because Gox is saying/doing nothing so everyone is assuming Gox has lost it all.
Personally, I think they still have the coins and people are simply flipping their shit. It's understandable and I won't deny there is a possibility they are SOL but, the only thing we really know is that we really don't know (unless something in the last hour has happened that I am not aware of).
@_date: 2014-10-21 13:21:03
That's probably an [accurate description](
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:42:26
These guys are very well known trolls (sorry). Don't mind them.
@_date: 2014-09-30 08:42:26
Can't agree more, I'm flabbergasted by how small-minded the ATO's guidence is. Cutting off one's nose to spite their face describes it pretty well though. And most importantly, this punishes legitimate outfits like Coinjar and actually incentivises under the counter sales, so this will actually *encourage* tax evasion ffs!
All they've tried to do is hammer a square peg into a round hole, regardless of how much it will hurt not just Bitcoin, but themselves in the process.
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:36:23
Kindof, bottom line is it would have happened anyway, but this way is far less messy, dust transactions would make it far, far larger and harder to manage, it was a reluctant tradeoff because it was obvious that it was impossible to prevent people inserting messages into the blockchain, so at least this way dust can be minimised and people have other ways to insert data, which they were going to do regardless. This also makes it easier to prune out this junk for clients wheras if dust was used, it would have been impossible and burdened end user clients unnecessarily.
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:05:23
Like I said, do nothing, and expect others to take everything, the Bitcoin network is not going to protect your freedom for you.
@_date: 2014-10-19 05:53:41
I think you mistake the motivations for open sourcing parts of the Trezor and keeping/leaving closed other parts. Their motivations for opensourcing the code, and schematics is, I'm guessing, mostly driven by the fact that they want to spur confidence in the design/implementation so that it ratifies their claims it does exactly what they say, and is not a sloppy job. They're not in the business of handing to other copycats a free lunch. The bootloader code it not intrinsic to the functionality, has very little bearing on the safety/security of the device and I'm sure that all the code they've released to date can be compiled and checked functionality-wise. Additionally on the price front, they need to at least recoup costs for design, manufacture, infrastructure, organisation, construction, and maintenance, this is not simply a piece of software, it is a product consisting of hardware, software, and internet functionality which will require ongoing support/maintenance.
So while they want to make an excellent product that backs up their claims, they are not in the business of making it effortless for someone to take all that effort and produce a knockoff just so you can enjoy a sub-$60 device. As someone that has seen hundreds of "I've been hacked and all my coins are gone! :(" posts  over the years I can honestly say this kind of device is vital if Bitcoin is to grow into the future and unless there is at least a financial incentive to at least break even, no-one will do it. I've very happily bought these devices and for such a small outfit, in the time frame since they announced their project, they've done a tremendous job. Nine times out of ten, these kinds of things are vaporware and even of those that do make it to a final product, they're usually terrible quality and don't meet people's even basic expectations, so quibbling over a bootloader not being opensource is like quibbling over GNU/Linux not being "fully" opensource because they haven't written their very own BIOS from scratch (and released that as open source) too. The kind of entitlement you are feeling for insanely low costs, and "fully" open source code is unreasonable IMO.
FYI, not 100% sure about stick, but slush, the co-founder of satoshi labs pioneered pooled mining. They have a very strong and enduring reputation among the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:49:33
And during the crisis, there was not a single "hold" meme to be seen. 
I am honestly impressed.
@_date: 2014-03-08 07:02:21
Not giving a shit about the consequences of your actions *is* despicable and you can be sure she wouldn't have given a shit if an innocent man had been kidnapped or attacked for his supposed wealth. She gleefully paraded this guy's life for her career and her paper and it is very clear she didn't give a damn about his privacy, his personal life, or the likely consequences of labelling him as the real Satoshi. Even Satoshi, after 2 years broke his silence to help protect this guy from the consequences of this idiot journalist's actions.
I never said she was evil, nor did I say it was a good/evil scenario, I said her behaviour is despicable, she is an arsehole (as well as her paper) and deserves a public backlash so maybe she, and others will think twice before acting so recklessly again.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:24:41
I get that, but the media also parades bitcoin's volatility/thefts/failures every time they talk about it too. The thing is Bitcoin is for people that want to take personal responsibility for their money, it's not a get rich quick scheme where you can outsource security and sit back and do nothing. You are wearing big boy pants when you use/hold Bitcoins where you are personally responsible for your money.
I do my best to shout these things from the hilltops here in this sub, and have done so almost daily for years, but people, even when the evidence is everywhere, think it won't happen to them. Some need to get burnt before they treat bitcoins with the care, and prudence they deserve.
If you own 100k USD you owe it to yourself to learn how to keep that money ultra safe and ultra secure. Mt Gox has a very detailed history of not being secure and having had myriad other problems. If you have 100k USD as bitcoins, you damn well should be researching who you are storing your money with at the very least, and frankly storing them offline *IS* simple. Creating and using an Armory (or even an electrum) offline wallet is braindead simple. Sorry but I don't accept the "looking after my own money is too difficult and complex" excuse. Maybe 2 years ago, but not in the last few months. 
On the flip side, people are working on projects to make it even simpler/safer to store bitcoins offline, the trezor is just round the corner, so this should make everyone's lives 1000% easier and safer for offline wallets. Hopefully storing coins on exchanges and services will become a thing of the past.
@_date: 2014-03-22 06:01:45
If you expect the mere existence of Bitcoin to somehow protect the libertarian cause you are sadly mistaken. Bitcoin leans in no direction, a gun doesn't decide to support one revolution and refuse to fire for another. Stop trying to give a political voice to an inanimate object. Bitcoin is a piece of code, the only thing that gives it political direction is the people that use it.
You are kidding yourself if you think that Bitcoin is going to go "nuh-uh" to big government. Bitcoin only drives in the direction the people that use it steer it. If the majority of miners decided to go change the rules of the Bitcoin network they can, the code doesn't get squat opinion on the matter. Get 90+% of mining hashrate and they can instigate good 'ol money printing if they want to, they could "rescue" old coins lost in the system, implement a socialist agenda to "tax" addresses or some crazy shit. It could be forced to become more centralised. The only reason it is as free as it is, is because Satoshi wanted a completely autonomous system, this is why it is as free as it is, not because it was the libertarian thing to do, simply that to do otherwise would involve a degree of unwanted centralisation and Satoshi had no way, or reason it should be so. He wanted a truly decentralised system, and this is what he came up with. As such, the Bitcoin network can't protect itself from such a fate, because it's continued existence is wholly dependent on the miners all agreeing it is a stupid idea and the users of the network also agreeing that they won't use it if the rules are changed. If Bitcoin got 10x more usage, I guarantee the libertarian majority will be massively shrunk, both for users and miners so you're going to have to hope that there is a massive mix of all political representations that can't subvert the network to serve their own pet political agenda. The only thing that stops such a thing happening is the fact that the people that use it feel that it does not currently serve their interests, but there is absolutely no guarantee, it *could* (though unlikely) be changed, either by popular opinion, or by force. And even in the absence of that, Bitcoin's lack of bias towards any one actor means that it can be used to strip away, or impose political influence by others that wish to do so. 
It levels the playing field for any/all actors, because everyone plays by the same rules. Nothing more. The only reason Libertarians are drawn to Bitcoin is because it is better than the alternatives.
If you want to comfort yourself with the idea that Bitcoin will always favour libertarians for all time, do so, but know that it full well can be co-opted to serve any other political party's ends, after all, extremists are quite happy to use fiat even though they may be at the same time trying to tear down the same country that issued said fiat, don't think that Bitcoin will be used any differently. And if the majority (or a powerful enough actor) wishes to force the system towards a statist-type system or some other political end, Bitcoin can be bent to serve that majority's interests if they so desire. Bitcoin is not all-powerful (yet) and if people are complacent about it's resistance to subversion, by slapping a "Bitcoin is a libertarian product" with lots of back slapping and high-fiving because they think Bitcoin is invulnerable to any other political agenda, they risk losing their freedom to others that would be more than happy to take it while nobody's watching, and mould it to their liking. Case in point, "coin validation".
@_date: 2014-12-25 16:20:19
Consider the perspective that he is not warning people to stay away from Bitcoin because it will be bad for them, but the perspective that people embracing Bitcoin is bad for him.
Warren Buffet cares about Warren Buffet. Don't ever think a guy that gets that rich ever got that way by looking out for others.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:04:22
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is most adaptable to change.
-- Darwin
@_date: 2014-11-07 14:59:27
That's because I couldn't capture the other hundred. But nice moving of the goalposts. 
@_date: 2014-10-24 02:10:09
1) It challenges their identity and 2) they feel they must "save" people from this perceived scam.
It would be like an atheist walking into a church and convincing all the younger people that god doesn't exist, they are not going to hell and church on a Sunday is a farce designed to keep them subservient to their masters.
People in that room that have dedicated decades of their life to a belief system that is being torn apart before their very eyes are not simply going to let someone like that go unchallenged, they will pull out all the stops to either bring that person back into the fold or make them disappear by any means necessary.
This is the mentality of many of the trolls and haters here.
@_date: 2014-01-17 09:19:46
I am free to choose, who I transact with.
I am free to travel with as much money as I like on my person or elsewhere.
I am free to send money across borders without asking someone for permission.
I am free of people/organisations whom I trust seizing my money on a whim or technicality.
I am free to pay as much or as little for transaction fees when I send money.
I am free to choose to store all, or some of my money in Bitcoins at any time.
I am free to conceal my identity, or publish it for the world to see.
I am free to accept bitcoins from anyone, regardless of their reputation, or who they are connected to.
I am free to manage my own wallet security, or to entrust it to a third party at my discretion.
I am free to save or leave my money in Bitcoin without some institution charging ridiculous "management fees".
Bitcoin will always be more free than fiat money because there is no-one to say, "no".
@_date: 2014-10-25 11:44:28
Others sold at a loss too and it cost them dearly. If you buy bitcoins with the intent to see them grow in value, you need to come to terms with the fact that it could take years.
A guy I remember from [way back]( invested 10k and after a year with much speculating, ended up with only 2k. He bought in at $16 and sold at $5. 
If bitcoin is purely a speculative investment to you then all I can suggest is only invest what you can afford to lose, and know that it may take years for Bitcoin to generate a return. It could also take longer, or simply not happen. Bitcoin is after all a very risky currency.
That said, people that have been patient and not panic sold over the long term, but simply sat on them have come out far better than most.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:18:42


This is a contradictory scenario. If a miner is witholding blocks, he IS securing the network  (if a pool is in danger of aquiring 51% by that very definition, there is only one pool that is in that position), when a block would contribute to a malicious pools hashrate that could be used to perform a 51% attack, including potentially delivering to the pool the very block that already includes a payload to carry out a 51% attack. Witholding is securing the network, if the miner simply switched because he feared the pool was going to use his power to perform an attack, it would not be as effective as sitting on the malicious pool and disrupting it from within, and still be able to get paid for shares.


And that is when the exodus begins. As it did when there was only a sniff of a double spend, not even outright proof, just circumstansial evidence. Like I said above, miners disrupting from within, also disrupts potential double spends too.
 


There already is, and has been since the beginning, constant vigilance. Switching pools, p2pool, witholding blocks, constant scrutiny etc. are all passive solutions and they work well, miners have a strong incentive to use these tools, and as they get better and easier to use, they will be the default. 


The reason I try to argue against what you propose is because I want to see if you can rationalise why your solution is better than what is currently on offer. As a researcher, I am naturally a sceptic about things that sound complicated, difficult to implement and propose to be silver bullets. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 15:11:08
No, you read my original comment. You are projecting.
I never reassured OP, dismissed OP, or played down OP's fears. I simply stated the facts, and recommended they ask in the sub. Then you get in my face accusing me of acting like a salesman, you are not actually raising any specific doubts about the tech, or the people producing it, you are fear mongering. 
You have absolutely nothing to justify your foolish handwaving over the matter when it comes to Trezor. When you do have some actual legitimate concern I'll be all ears, in the mean time, stop making yourself into a boy cries wolf/chiken little until there is an *actual* reason to be concerned. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:13:40
I wouldn't worry. People that have panicked in the past have almost always lost more than they made. The savy traders are probably doing everything to panic bitcoin holders too.
FUD abounds here, and with Gox deathly silent, it gives agitators the perfect stage to fabricate lies to move the price. This is practically a mainstay of Bitcoin and will likely continue for a while yet until the markets get large enough and big money that doesn't flinch starts using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:04:35


I don't think you're crazy, and I've been through all the bubbles (ALL of them), and though I hate to be seen to be overly bullish.... I agree with you, but this shouldn't be seen as a green light to buy. Every person should be conservative about speculation and not overreach. Bitcoin is hardly dying or any such nonsense though (any person that believes that simply hasn't been around long enough). If anything it is consolidating for the next big push. Innovation, services, and adoption is coming thick and fast, just like it did after other rises in price died down. 
For new people it can be very unnerving but all the signs are there that Bitcoin is transforming in the shadows while people aren't paying attention to it, just like it has done in the past. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 10:52:49
I don't think this is a factor, the huge extra supply of oil from SA et al. is crippling the value of Russia's oil, it doesn't matter if it is denominated in gold, silver, etc. they're being undercut by cheaper oil and an abundant supply is what is causing the value to drop. This means they have to lower the value of their oil in order to remain competitive to sell it, even if it's in exchange for gold, they get the same value's worth as SA's oil (which is far less than what they'd normally sell at) regardless.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:23:55
Yep, I totally call bullshit on it being an external theft. My bitcoins are nothing compared to Gox's and even I will regularly check to make sure everything is in order every couple days. I have backups to a ridiculous degree, I even have a passworded backup with my lawyer with SSSS segments given to multiple parties in case of death, or a last resort in case other backups fail. *HOW* did they fuck up so *badly!* I just can't process how incompetent you'd have to be to not notice, or not have adequate security. Mine is practically bulletproof and I do it on a shoestring budget. It's security 101 for most of us, yet *somehow* Mark didn't realise until ALL the coins were gone/lost? Bullshit.
Charlie Shrem also commented that at Bitinstant he balanced the Bitcoin/Fiat books daily, and even a discrepancy of $1,000 would not have been ever acceptable and would've been noticed immediately. Even if the coins were sitting there, the people at Gox can still balance books (I'd hope). 
I just want to know the details so we can have some goddamn closure. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 02:04:42
As I said in another comment:


@_date: 2014-12-30 08:06:13
This [video]( also gives you a very tantalising glimpse into why some of us are downright giddy about Bitcoin. This is why Bitcoin is not just money, and why people still buzz about it years later. 
tldw; no requirement for a counter party in Bitcoin means huge numbers of different financial services can be conducted without needing to trust banks, brokers, stock-markets, betting agencies, or any intermediary, even crowdfunding can be done completely on the blockchain. Essentially it makes all these middle men redundant. It also enables tiny transactions, and the transparency/anonymity of all this finance is completely up to the user. It essentially empowers the user such that no-one can hinder transactions between parties in any way. The best thing is all these things aren't pipe dreams waiting to happen, they can be done with bitcoin right now. What is really missing is the usability side. All the functionality is there, but it's still super hard to use, and not something the end user can do easily.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:01:33
I'm imagining Gox could also sue them for making unsubstantiated claims, if they don't know for certain, but there's also the possibility they knew and someone let it slip.
@_date: 2014-02-19 11:56:10
Just yesterday I bought myself a new HTC One mobile from Millennius, (for around 0.88 BTC) *and* I got it cheaper than any other retail store I've found on/offline to date. Saved 30-40 bucks in the process, and the payment was flawless.
Paypal can go fuck itself.
@_date: 2014-11-19 16:37:00
floodle is an ignored user.
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:27:05
And I'm telling you that the question inserts morality into a system where there is none. As I said.


I never recommend Bitcoin to my friends because of this very reason. Too many people do not take OpSec seriously and all it would do is give Bitcoin a bad image because all they would do is blame Bitcoin and refused to make themselves personally accountable for the security of their coins.
But if you insist on asking such a redundant question then I'll answer it for you. Yes I would sweep his wallet, then I'd have to find him and lecture him on how he is lucky that I did because it was simply a matter of time before someone that wasn't me would have picked up the coins and in all likely assumed those coins had been lost, and would have every reason to take  them.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:06:03
Wow, short memory.
I doubt bitcoiners would stalk me because the they can't stand up to logic and reason for long. Just like you have simply resorted to namecalling and gutter talk.
@_date: 2014-03-23 12:07:44
Ahhh yes the good old, "every one I know agrees with me so I'm right" viewpoint. If you are so self assured, you never would have challenged my opinion in the first place.
Your insecurity betrays your smugness, but by all means play pretend on the truth. It certainly has been fun watching you get creative on twisting known facts to only fit your solipistic worldview. 
Fun indeed :)
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:24:13
Bitcoin growth might not be predictable, but human nature is.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:25:21
*sigh* [oh boy](
Shall I also post links of when all the media outlets started calling the death of bitcoin after it went from 250 to 75 or whatever it was?
Calm down, don't invest more than you can afford to lose, and stop being dramatic over the price. It's childish, and completely loses sight of the bigger picture (If you are confused over what the bigger picture is then use the link above for perspective).
@_date: 2014-02-06 04:42:43
If millennius.com's last 6 months accepting bitcoin is any indicator then nope. It's profit for companies plus the enviable features of 0 payment fraud cheaper processing costs, etc. Bitcoin acceptance, when done right, in many ways sells itself.
It's funny how naysayers continually move the goalposts to try and maintain the same old opinions.
@_date: 2014-01-16 10:17:07
I've found that economic experts are ill prepared for Bitcoin and really don't understand it on a fundamental level. It's testing a lot of Austrian economics ideas for the first time, and even Austrian economists are uncertain what to think about Bitcoin. I liken most economists that weigh in on Bitcoin like a veterinarian being asked to diagnose a problem a human is having. Sure there are lots of things in common, but just as many things that work in completely different ways too.
I wouldn't question the fact that he knows his stuff, he definitely does, but he knows old money and the stock market, not Bitcoin and it's ilk. The completely unique bootstrapping, the free market's effect, it's complete lack of centralised and fixed distribution of money, it's utility as a borderless unseizable currency, timestamp network, asset class, authentication network, payment network, escrow, croudsourcing, bank, store of value, etc. all in one package is unprecedented and sit's completely outside the laws of any country.
He's a novice on Bitcoin as much as everyone else, probably even moreso because his experience is biased towards old money. In most cases I've seen Bitcoin behave in the exact opposite way in which economists have predicted.
@_date: 2014-01-14 06:42:07
If anything it looks like it's [tapering off]( but even still, in the last 6 months the user base has literally doubled. That's a huge influx of new users.
At least now we have a sticky for new users to point them in the right direction for the majority of the simple questions.
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:51:53
Well, from what everyone is saying, his everyday writing is atrocious. It does not make sense that the guy can write flawlessly when assuming the role of Bitcoin creator and pretends to write like he has a much lesser grasp of the english language. It makes as much sense as having Satoshi talk with a lisp/stutter in his everyday life, and then when assuming the role of creator, having the lisp/stutter magically disappear.
Spending your entire online life writing C grade english and then only writing A grade english when working on Bitcoin in order to conceal your identity has got to be the personal sacrifice of the century.
And then you refuse to change your name to something different....
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:57:30
It's a euphemism for how you so desperately keep trying to inflate your ego because you have no way of defending yourself, I'm sorry that went over your head, I'll try and simplify it for you in our future interactions.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:58:59
Yep, it's something that evolved as mining ramped up. As GPUs started really getting competitive, solving blocks became incredibly hard for many users, such that there was a serious danger that most small miners would switch off and major centralisation would result, and this would lead to the network being less secure because it would become far more centralised by a few huge single user mining outfits. Pools allowed centralisation in some respects, but maintained miners independence and allowed miners to get bitcoin just like any other major mining outfit. In fact it made small miners as competitive as even the largest independent single miner outfits. Win-win, but there's still the less threatening situation of pools gaining &gt;50% hash power.
What we see now is important to address, but ultimately these pools are thousands of independent actors that can subvert a pool's "authority" to double spend at a moment's notice. In essence the pool operator has a gun to his head to act in the interest's of his fellow miners, rather than use their power for his own gain. That said, miners still need to act responsibly if their pool operator does not, since their profit is still in danger if they ignore the warnings of pool centralisation, although it is far less threatening compared to a single mining outfit that controls &gt;50% of the network.
@_date: 2014-02-18 13:12:55
There's some talk about it [here]( probably in other dev threads on bitcointalk too.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:32:45
Good point on the reorganisations, but miners from the 49% are still going to know what's up so the red flag will get raised IMO. Expanding the timestamp window is still not in their best interest because it destabilises the network, just like adding more coins. If 51% of miners start bending the rules, it breaks trust with the other 49% of miners, which will lead to a fork as the 49% reject the blocks that violate the timestamp window. This would irreparably harm both the 51% group that are trying to be greedy and the 49% that hold fast. It would be disastrous for the reputation of both chains and I can assure you the value of the coins on both will plummet and the damage to the network from a PR perspective would be mainstream news. So the 51% of miners that thought they were being smart by bending the timestamp window for a few extra coins will likely see it backfire, and spectacularly.
Edit: still not 100% sure of the forking logic so I may be wrong here, I guess it depends on how this edge case works, do miner that receive a new block that has an out of range timestamp hold onto it and continue checking to see if it can be included later, or do the sensible thing and drop it from cache entirely (my guess is drop it from cache, otherwise it makes the node vulnerable to DoS attacks by having the network spammed with invalid blocks). I don't have intimate knowledge on how blocks of this nature are handled so I'll admit I'm speculating somewhat.
@_date: 2014-10-26 12:34:26
Armory for savings, offline and hardly touched, with a number of other safeguards in place to keep them secure/safe.
Trezor for significant funds storage/spending, but no more than a few bitcoins, and topped up as necessary. I use that for day to day spending. Kept close to hand when I want to make a quick purchase. The Trezor is kept at home in a safe place, and I have a backup replacement, as well as the new Electrum 2.0 beta on hand in case the mytrezor site gets flaky again.
I use the blockchain wallet for small funds (only a fraction of a coin), and mobile payments. It's a useful thing to have, but It's rarely used. Hopefully trezor on mobile will mean I can stop using blockchain's wallet altogether (or maybe blockchain will integrate Trezor in the future).
I'm extremely cautions of web wallets and only use blockchain with small amounts I wouldn't stress over if I lost/had stolen.
If I use an exchange, I always turn on 2fa and always get the funds on/off as quickly as possible, we're talking no longer than 30-40 minutes or as soon as enough confirmations have occurred, and only small amounts at a time.
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:16:36


^ ^ ^ denying being a buttcoiner
Funny how the lies just slip off the tongue so easily, don't they? And then when you're caught out (I knew all along btw), you start to backflip.


^ ^ ^ Admitting being a buttcoiner (for shame, you should wear your colours proud on the board! I mean buttcoiners are simply injecting sound reasoned debate right?)
You've lost all credibility at this point, I'm not even sure making fun of you is worth the effort. It's just too easy.
But just for fun, lets see if your prediction pans out, people make enough of them here after all, (I don't because I'm not a dumbass).
RemindMe! 11 months "If you believe in Astrology tough, pray to the planets cause obviously nothing else is working for you for 11 months now."
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:48:57
I contend that the Bitcoin Network is an equaliser, it can very easily break cartels and monopolies because there is a processor of last resort as it were, that being the blockchain itself.
Paypal, Visa, banks, western union etc. have rules and regulations, they can lock out businesses, wikileaks and pirate bay are perfect examples, they were frozen out of their ability to accept money and hold/send money. No Bitcoin payment processor can ditch a business in the hopes of freezing them out of the network for political, financial, or regulatory reasons since the network has no gatekeepers that they need to ask to use it.
I was just lol'ing on the downvotes btw. It's no biggie, it just amuses me when snark and BS consisting of 3 sentences gets upvoted and a wall of reasoned (at least I thought so) text gets instantly downvoted, I have to ask myself, did they even read it?
@_date: 2014-02-03 08:51:01
What is my ideology? Again you revert to labels, now I'm just an ideologist in your eyes, the bad guy. Attacking a person, rather than the idea or the facts.
Edit: I'm saying you are defending the use of labels, special words to categorize people you don't like so that you can say and do things that you would not normally do, special treatment for those you hate, verbaally chewing someone out that disagreed, rather than pointing out how they are wrong. I have never accused you of stealing from me, but I do know you often abuse, ridicule, and hate on others unnecessarily when someone say something you don't like. That is not peaceful, and it certainly is not something you do when you walk down the street, just because you are on an internet forum is absolutely no excuse, especially when it is unprovoked.
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:04:18
Don't mind imahotdoglol, he's a troll, and a cursory glance at his posting history pretty much bears that out.
Glad to hear people here have been able to help fast track you with with all the knowledge that accumulates here. It's sometimes very hard to dig out some of those hidden gems when new users start digging for info, I hope I have helped in some way too, been a regular here since the number of subscribers was in the low thousands.
Good luck with your business.
@_date: 2014-11-24 07:30:22
I'm [not convinced]( there's far more money that was doled out to the banks than just the 700 billion, and few banks, if any are [being held accountable](
The [trillion(s) of dollars that went to banks to prop them up]( is still an [open question]( Besides, that, that only covers one country, this doesn't take into account every other country that also got crippled. It's plain to see that [governments all over the world followed suit like dominoes and bailed out any bank caught up in the problems]( America's banking system caused.


Yes, it was a give away, because it was far better to bail them out and never see the money again, than to see all these institutions collectively collapse. They literally couldn't afford to let them fail, and the bailouts was cheap relatively speaking, they made about 42 billion in interest on their 700 billion bailout package, but it's hardly worth noting because what they really wanted, was to ensure the lending gravy-train kept rolling, even if the debt is astronomical compared to what it was then. 
I've personally lived through recession here in Australia where our government went into severe debt and pushed our economy into recession, but our government did the responsible thing and refused to inflate our money supply to spend the economy into recovery, like [Japan is trying to do now]( and [failing big time]( And holding ourselves accountable worked. If you think it doesn't apply because "this time is different" then look and [Iceland as an example of what a government that holds banks to account looks like]( and observe that their recovery has been almost magical compared to the rest of the world. America should have taken 2008 as a wakeup call to hold to account those that put the economy into that crisis, but instead they have protected them and those that caused the problems are primed to do it all over again with the money that was used to try and fix everything. 
Those banks that were collectively 700 billion in the hole should have stayed in the hole, paying it back doesn't mean squat, CEOs should have been fired/jailed, assets should have been liquidated, licences stripped, and legislation enacted to come down hard on anyone that dared to jeopardise the economy, did they do any of that? 
No, they didn't, expect more hurt to come.
@_date: 2014-10-12 15:30:54
Well, bitcoin specifically isn't illegal, and that means that many people in many countries can make money from it legally, even if banks try to disconnect from it completely, they are not going to win because there are more than enough ways to sidestep them.
In short, Bitcoin is here, adapt or be replaced. The thing is JPMorgan is a BIG bank, and things are not going well for the financial industry so they're really not in a position to call the shots (they might think they're hot shit, but all indicators is that they screwed the pooch big time and they've just been very good at hiding it). The reality is because it is not specifically banned, there will be people/banks/financial institutions/countries that will embrace it "just in case" and they can't be fully dissuaded, because they are small enough for big banks to ignore but big enough to benefit bitcoin, and I personally believe that foothold is already in the process of occurring. 
All that needs to happen now is for banks/governments to continue with their retarded ways of "stabilising the economy" so that the next GFC happens. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:27:52
I don't mind it when people ask the tough questions. It's what creates very fruitful and insightful discussion, but I always make it a point to check a poster's comment history before I do so nowadays, because as you can see by paleh0rse's efforts, he was genuinely trying to engage, and nobodybelievesyou just treated him like shit, this is because a great deal of these naysayers are not here to ask the tough questions, they are here to ridicule, take pleasure in other people's failures, gloat, etc. etc.


This can be very hard to quantify, though there is lots of evidence that Bitcoin usage is definitely picking up compared to the past, and besides, I'm inclined to believe that just because a currency isn't recycled through the economy like someone's daily washing, does not mean it is not useful. Gold is not something we see used on the streets but it still has rock solid value because of all it's other qualities that make it money, one could actually say it is a hugely speculative asset/currency/commodity etc. too. Usage is great and everything, but it is not the be all and end all, for Bitcoin, use helps solidify in people's minds that it has value since it doesn't have a huge history like gold to back it up. So yes, more usage is great, as it helps prop up the value and helps stabilise speculation, but savers and speculators are present in every market and all three play a part in making Bitcoin have value, not simply usage, Bitcoin doesn't need to have huge daily usage like Nobodybelievesyou implies to hold it's value.
Nobodybelievesyou doesn't think that far ahead though, he just spouts shit, hoping it will stick, and then lords it over others, and if you disagree, starts picking you to pieces as a hater or whatnot. He brings nothing fruitful or insightful to the discussion, and is part of the reason why I simply don't wade into a troll's self-made shitstorms. When I know a poster is genuinely communicating and civilly, I will will act in kind, I don't go picking fights with trolls most the time, but if I've posted something and they give me shit, I will shovel it right back, because even if they did have something to offer to the conversation, they simply can not be taken seriously. I have tried being reasonable with trolls many times in the past, and I can tell you, it is frustrating, exhausting, and in almost 100% of cases yields nothing.
He does provide some use though, as I said before, he and others are a great barometer for gauging a troll's frustration levels, and serves as a great opportunity for reverse-troll training.
@_date: 2014-12-12 04:37:58
I second comment. Electrum is super easy to setup on linux, fast, simple to use, is super simple to backup as it uses a seed (string of random words) so you'll only ever need to backup your wallet once, and also has offline signing of transactions. It should also very soon have integrated Trezor signing too which is going to be a huge jump in security, this means that migration from plain old Electrum to Electrum + Trezor will be incredibly simple.
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:17:55
They chose to stay on the titanic because they thought the little lifeboat was going to rock too much. 
Printing money only helps in the short term, and now they don't even have gold to fall back on when all the value in their currency (and every other country's) is gone.
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:04:37
It is an interesting scenario, to entertain the possibility that strong pools may try to push their luck. The thing is, powerful pools have a huge amount to lose if the gains are small, unlike the bank robber analogy. Obviously most people look to technical solutions, but there is also the social pushback too. A person with a gun can definitely walk into a bank and rob it but those that do so are historically weak entities with little power and no long term prospects that are presented with the easy short term profit taking that a rule breaking gun can offer. The payoff is all that matters, consequences be damned kind of mentality. But if they want to continue being part of society then they are seriously endangering their future, reputation, trustworthiness, etc. For rich powerful elites, you'd only be doing it if the payoff is big (short or longterm), the risk is tiny, it can be almost guaranteed it can be hidden, and so on.
Bitcoin's situation is much more like a fortune 500 company deciding to commit tax fraud to give their shareholders a few extra cents dividend at the risk of delistment. Even if the risk is low, and it were a long term strategy, the chances of discovery is going to grow the longer they try to continue breaking the rules (and the evidence will probably linger far into the future).
I'm also a bit perplexed about p2pool adoption too. What I've heard is that p2pool still has some lingering issues, though I heard scaling had been improved recently I also heard that small mining devices still has variance issues or something. That said, the thread on [p2pool is active as ever]( and I've really not heard anything bad about it in recent past. I think it's general miner complacency, everyone got worried about pool centralisation, p2pool came onto the scene but since there was no impending crisis it's kind of been pushed to the back as a goto in case the problem becomes a real issue rather than people actually migrating to p2pool as they should have, and it may also be that p2pool takes longer to setup compared to other pools. I remember as a miner way back, hooking into BTCGuild was hella easy, and p2pool was not "plug and play" comparatively. I think p2pool is perfectly fine, and most miners really should be using it a lot more than they are. As far as I can see it's advanced in leaps and bounds over the last few years, so it certainly hasn't stagnated.
I think miners need a scare, so that they really do comprehend that most pools are not the benevolent dictators they'd like them to be and perhaps for p2pool to get to the stage where it is braindead easy to setup and run.
@_date: 2014-01-21 06:56:17
Unfortunately the mods refuse to ban obvious trolls and abusiveness, either because of some kind of ideological free speech waffle, or because they don't have the resources (probably not the latter).
But it's also the result of the community getting huge. It was nowhere near as bad at the beginning of the year, this sub was far more light-hearted, there was genuine banter and camaraderie and discussions were frank and passionate, but rarely outright hostile. I've had one hell of a time dealing with trolls as I go about discussing/helping people with Bitcoin and I can tell you, leaving these trolls to do and say what they like has very likely driven away a great many people to doge simply because the vibe here is so polluted with hostility.
The mods really need to man up and admit their policy of letting obvious trolls verbally abuse, confuse and make fun of new users has done far more harm than good. 
Edit: a letter.
@_date: 2014-02-12 10:27:10
Open source works.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:48:07
I suggest you do a search with regards to, [buying Bitcoins with PayPal.](
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:32:29
The flashing is performed by the user actively running the device in flash mode by pressing the two buttons when the device is plugged in so the user must actively initiate the flash and the chip boots into a mode where you can write to the device, but it also has read only bootloader code that checks the flashed binary to verify it's signature, the boot loader code is not modifiable and reflashing this part is disabled. As far as Ken Thompson style security is concerned, it can become somewhat blurry, the only thing I could say is that you should try and use a tool chain that you can verify as being clean when compiling the firmware, I'm not sure what the Trezor devs do but others have discussed ways of compiling a [clean tool chain]( where the likelihood of it being compromised is not 0% but at the very least extremely low.
@_date: 2014-11-25 17:50:35
I'd love a "Question Everything" bitcoin themed wallpaper similar to [this](
@_date: 2014-02-04 07:38:08


Yes you can labels are used in many circumstances in many arguments, but it's when you use a label as predicate for your reasoning that is what I'm calling you out on.
Eg. You are a statist, therefore, you can never rationally hope for Bitcoin to succeed.
Drop the label, explain how you think they are wrong and move on. The only beef I really have is your persistence to attach your reasoning to labels that define groups of people, as if it somehow validates your opinion.
It does not.
@_date: 2014-12-19 07:42:59
1 internet
@_date: 2014-12-10 01:55:18
I'd say 255 BTC should do it ;P
In all seriousness though, I agree, BC.i really should be rewarding this guy very, VERY generously.
@_date: 2014-10-24 14:27:02
Bitcoin is secure, it's user's security habits that allow bitcoin to be stolen. Bitcoin's weakest point is where people store their Bitcoin wallets (AKA private keys). Bitcoin itself, and it's transactions are extremely secure so don't worry about that, it is the security of any computer, device, or website that youuse that you need to be  concerned about.
If you want the secure and cheapest approach, use two factor authentication with any website or wallet that you use with Bitcoin. This essentially means you use a computer to perform actions, and then have another device like a phone that is required to confirm that action. This is fairly easy to setup, but requires a separate device to make it effective. This means if a hacker wants to steal your coins they need to hack both devices, which is not impossible but very hard to do compared to a single password on your computer. I recommend people only use sites that at least have 2fa available, any site that doesn't use 2fa for security of bitcoins should be avoided.
If you want the ultra secure and cheapest route, use wallets that implement offline transactions, like electrum. The learning curve can be steep though and they usually require 2 computers (1 online and 1 offline) to be properly secure.
My personal preference is to use a hardware wallet like the Trezor. It is a specially designed piece of hardware that stores and signs transactions without needing an second device or machine. The only real drawback is it is expensive at $110 . I've used it and it's damn easy to setup, requires no two factor authentication, is ultra secure, and very easy to use and backup, it can also be use on any machine, even compromised ones. 
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:10:07
There is an incredibly sound reason why I constantly tell people to not invest more into Bitcoin than they can afford to lose and that is not simply because I'm looking out for people. I'm also doing it to protect Bitcoin's, and my reputation.
In the early days Bitcoin was constantly demonised as a pyramid/ponzi scheme. Though disproving it as a ponzi is simple, convincing people that Bitcoin is not a pyramid scheme is much more difficult. 
People see some very hard core Bitcoin users and they are very passionate, so passionate that people may see them "selling" the idea of Bitcoin because it serves their self interest, and this is often used to demonise the technology, by painting users as con artists, in it to pump and dump Bitcoin because more users == higher price (trolls have been using this smearing tactic relentlessly for years). Because Bitcoin is so volatile, this can make people reckless, stories of 1000% gains in weeks does indeed sound amazing, who *wouldn't* want to get in on that, but this also makes us sound like we are trying to con people.
I and many others in the early days rolled out that mantra whenever people looked like they were getting in over their head or overexcited in order to not only keep people from buying too much and risking their ire later when they don't make a fortune, or even lose a significant percentage of their money, but also to protect the reputation of Bitcoin users. I'm hugely passionate about Bitcoin, but I don't want to be seen as a scammer, schemer, gambler, or reckless. I am not accountable to others that use Bitcoin and I don't hold others accountable for the consequences, good or bad, of my Bitcoin adoption.
What you do with your money is your choice, but people shouldn't buy Bitcoin because others say it is a sound investment, or because it's going to make you rich, or because it will hold it's value over the long term, or because it's safe from seizure etc. Until Bitcoin shows very clear signs that it has stabilised to a degree where it fluctuates similar to other currencies I will continue to tell people to not risk more than they are willing to lose because it's the soundest advice I can possibly give, and reminds people that they need to hold themselves personally responsible for their decisions. This doesn't mean we should tone down the rhetoric though ;) there's HUGE benefits to using Bitcoins, but there's also huge risks too, and the more money that is involved, the more they are compounded.
It might seem good in theory, but telling people to "Only invest what you want to save" leaves you completely open for others to hold you accountable for convincing them to make a terrible financial decision, and absolves them of personal responsibility for their poor decisions. It will backfire on you, make other Bitcoin users look bad, and give Bitcoin a bad reputation because there will be far more people that will get burned in the process. 
@_date: 2014-09-28 16:37:26
Cypherdoc2 has been around a long time here, and so have I, he's asking pointed and justified questions IMO.
Namely, how do you explain, after sending a bitcoin transaction, how does the vendor suddenly get the OP's phone number (or email) so he can send a text message to his phone? No wallet I know of divulges the senders email or phone number or any other piece of identifying info when a transaction is sent to the blockchain unless he has reused the address, and already given the vendor that contact info already, in which case, this has nothing to do with bitcoin's leaking of identifying info. Cypherdoc2 is right to call bullshit because that is exactly what it sounds like unless OP provides some justification for how it happened rather that shrugging his shoulders and saying "that happened". Instead of blindly accepting a 0 day accounts, we are asking HOW it happened. I want the truth just like anyone else but this story stinks because it has large inconsistencies and omissions, and unless OP wants to be a little more detailed, we have to call it on how it smells.
@_date: 2014-03-09 09:08:32


lol, pity you're on the wrong side of said gulf.
Ed: I guess you haven't even realized that I've simply been toying with you the last several posts because your responses have just been too comical, put down the shovel and climb out of the hole already.
@_date: 2014-11-02 04:15:21
The Martin Luther OP is referring to is not Martin Luther King Jr. from the 1960s but a priest in the 1500s who challenged the catholic church's corrupt practices where people were required to pay for their sins to be forgiven, essentially turning forgiveness into a business.
@_date: 2014-02-01 05:28:06
Darkwings' account was idle for 2-3 days before it was deleted too so I'm 99% certain it's our old friend.
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:37:23
September 2011 35% drop  -&gt; 5 USD
November 2014 66% drop -&gt; 340 USD


I don't see a change in Buttcoiners behaviour.
But by all means continue to knock bitcoiners by continuing to obsess over the price. It just makes you look even more pathetic.
If you actually wanted to do harm to bitcoin, then you should be ignoring it. But in part we have *you* to thank for it's popularity because there's nothing that gets more attention that a story, even if it's full of lies, degrading, insulting, hateful, and comical.
Your attention keep us coming back. Keep it up :).
@_date: 2014-12-31 14:00:44
I need some help, is this:
[  ] Meh. Nothing to see here.
[  ] Interesting... but we need to wait for more information.
[  ] This is a strong sign the ETF is gonna happen.
[  ] HOLY FUCK!! The ETF is going to go live!!! 
^ ^ ^ Could someone help me out with what this news means? With maybe a brief explanation?
@_date: 2014-01-07 04:37:00


You're not "buying a camera", you're using fiat, the whole premise of your question was Bitcoin compared to fiat transactions, and why using Bitcoin is better. Nothing in your OP set the context of the transactions to exclusively be small, cheap electronics.
Making exceptions by moving the goalposts is simply a way of avoiding the obviousness of the facts presented to you. 
ufaild presented a very obvious benefit to using Bitcoin over fiat.
@_date: 2014-01-10 01:55:35
Well, every other time the response by the community has been very proactive. The very first time deepbit et al. began holding large chunks p2pool became the result, even now before gigahash even gets close to 50% people are very much rumbling.
@_date: 2014-07-16 02:56:52
One more try.
0.67316 mBTC @_date: 2014-02-10 16:03:10
Surprisingly close.
"Bitcoin price plunges: Mt. Gox suspends withdrawals, says flaw in protocol allows fraud" -- PCWorld
I think the value of Bitcoin will be fine long term, but I'm pretty sure Gox is finished as a serious and functioning exchange, and I don't say that lightly. I've seen them fuck up many times, but they've always come clean or been up front, but this, this is new. This is throwing the protocol under the bus to save face. It's incredibly cowardly and an outright lie. Breathtakingly self serving and pretty much beautifully executed to make any Bitcoin user a staunch enemy.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:21:41
I said the exact opposite. In my post, I said...


Edit: He can do whatever he pleases with his money too. Whether it be ideological, gambling, speculating, or just because it fits a use. 
And it is nerves of steel, he deserves to be rewarded for not panicking too. Besides, you wouldn't call it gambling if someone bought a kilo of gold in the hopes of it going up, would you? Bitcoin is risky, but the rewards are high, and like I say like a broken record here, never risk more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2014-01-10 15:40:18
[whollyhemp]( is also a moderator here....
@_date: 2014-01-08 15:35:00


If the option for the merchant is to accept via bit pay or another third party, or not accept bitcoin then the answer is obviously no, of course any increase in merchant adoption, however limited is going to be good for the value of Bitcoin the network, and bitcoin the currency.
Commerce in bitcoin keeps the network buzzing (miners will eventually be running on fees after all, so healthy commerce is important, even if merchants decide to hedge their risk), and even if 90% of the coins being held is in cold storage it wouldn't matter much since increased merchant adoption is slowly going to circulate those locked up coins. Those that got "free" bitcoin back in the day will diminish as they are slowly spent, and the sentiment on how much a bitcoin is worth will also level out.
tldr; payment processors *do not* devalue bitcoin. They are a bridge for merchants that would otherwise never get involved in bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2014-09-10 12:10:27
Look at it from the perspective of a CC company, they are a centralised service, if it goes down, no-one can use their CC, if it gets hijacked, again no-one can use their service (or worse, you lose your money, and then have to wait for the CC to "fix" the fraud threat, IOW the CC company is having to constantly deal with theft of authentication cases), if that one service makes a mistake, everyone has to put up with the mistake.
If the payment is decentralised, there are literally thousands of nodes acting as the service, all independent, yet all acting in concert according to concensus, none of them can subvert the rest of the nodes which supports that service (unless &gt;50% are "hijacked" that is). A bunch of nodes gets hijacked, service still runs, a bunch of nodes goes down, service still runs, a bunch of nodes make a mistake, they get ignored and the service still runs.
Because Bitcoin timestamps it's information, that metadata that constitutes the public key can be used as a password for other verification services, not just as a means of allowing the transfer of coins. Once a public key is in the blockchain, it will stay there forever, and lots of fun things can be done with that public key that you own, one of which is authentication. Colored coins do something similar.
For authentication, you could potentially embed hardware such that it only functions if it receives a valid pruned version of the blockchain and the person using the device can succesfully decrypt a challenge that the device issues to the user. It could do this by connecting to the internet, and downloading a shortened version of the blockchain that is connected to a public key that is hardecoded into it. It can then seach for the longest chain of transfers linked to that public key and issue an encrypted challenge to the last public key in the chain of transactions, this key would need to be held by the "owner" such that the hardware will only run when this challenge is verified. Additionally if the user wished to transfer authorisation of the device to a new user, it could send the token (bitcoin connected to that address) to the next owner, and then only the next owner could use the device.
This would be completely decentralised and opens up completley new use cases for Bitcoin's potential. There's a video of Mike Hearn describing this. It completely revolutionises ownership and authorisation, you would never need to depend on or trust a company, government, or any other thrid party ever, and it would would still be secure.
When people say that Bitcoin is more than just a currency, this is the kinds of things they are referring to.
@_date: 2014-02-09 17:27:54
The truth wins, and the fact that you've very clearly shown you can't even get past my first sentence.
But by all means use the strawman fallacy as your out.
Like I said, you only choose the easy fights.
And judging by the flurry of downvotes you've gotten on this thread alone, it seems safe to assume that most people don't find your reasonings to be very enlightening.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:30:30
He cares about you and isn't ridiculing your loss (much). I second your father's sentiment. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 07:03:59
An altcoin needs to be able to outrun, or at least keep up with the adoption rate of Bitcoin, otherwise, adoption will converge on Bitcoin unless the alt in question can do something that Bitcoin is incapable of doing now, and into the future.
There really is very little wiggle room on that. The only reason litecoin has continued to exist is because of handmedowns from Bitcoin anyway, if Bitcoin still had to use CPUs I guarantee litecoin would have failed because I know for a fact that miners back in the day only jumped on litecoins because CPU mining was being pushed out by GPUs at the time, innovation never played into the reasoning for litecoin adoption. And the fact is that even if an alt has innovative features, it is very likely to end up in an adoption cul-de-sac because Bitcoin is "good enough", just like IPv4 is so entrenched and refuses to be budged by IPv6.
Alts are similar to testnets, it explores the what-ifs, gives programmers the ability to experiment. Alts that use the same blockchain design will always live in Bitcoin's shadow, simply because if something fails in the protocol, there is an extremely high chance that all the alts that share the same design/codebase will go down with it.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:17:35
There is no privatised development in Bitcoin, no-one can veto the community's decision to not accept changes and Bitcoin has grown fine without "dictators".
The problem with crowdfunding 100s or 1000s of projects is that people aren't funding them out of the goodness of their hearts. They *expect* returns. Greed, not good is the motivator, and this harms the chances of many good ideas because they get polluted with the singular pursuit of money, meaning they will compromise on quality in order to get it working and on time so that those funders can feel that the project is a success, even if it is only for a little while until the project collapses under the expectations of even greater success down the road.


I don't care about their "right" to an idea, or your assertion that I know nothing about "the basic incentives for why developers create these things, or human incentives that drive creation in general" because I've seen the development of Bitcoin from it's early/embryonic stage and I know that statement is absolute bullshit. They can sell their children's inheritance to fund their ideas for all I care. But don't dress it up as being anything other than a grab for more cash. When they do that it's obvious that their idea can be compromised on as long as enough dollars hit their palms. I and many, many others want nothing to do with a project that tries to fund itself like that, because I know these types of people are going to exploit the community around them for their own benefit. Ripple did something very similar, got millions in VC money, proclaimed they were going to make the world a better place, pre-mined all their own coins, headhunted core Bitcoin devs in the early days, gave devs and friends coins and have been happily sitting on the rest. Then they have the nerve to reach out to the community to help them make Ripple a success, all the while claiming it was decentralised, and keeping the source code as closed as possible for as long as possible, and also trying to keep wallet, and other development in-house too. Then they still tried to get people to use ripple and pretend it was as free, decentralised, and could stand beside Bitcoin as an as good, or better payment system. The vast majority of people don't want a thing to do with Ripple, the backlash to their closed development was what happens when you try to create a monopoly on your project. No-one was impressed.
As I've said in nearly every post on this topic. Crowdfunding where artificial monopolies and barriers to entry are imposed, the tech takes a back seat to profit, and it will hurt the project.
Don't believe me? Do a thought experiment for me. Imagine what would have happened if Satoshi had refused to release the source code to Bitcoin, because according to you,
 &gt;The most successful open source projects have always "privatized development" 
but instead of releasing it as open source MIT licensed, he instead released the wallet software with closed source licenses, privatised mining, y'know, because "someone has to pay the developers and they obviously deserve the coins first" according to pro-privatisation-Satoshi, and then tried to "ensure the growth of Bitcoin" by appealing to big business, VCs, governments or the like to help pour money into paying for handpicked devs to help Satoshi make Bitcoin the future of money. Just like some of these existing projects are doing now. Do you think Bitcoin's development would have been as vibrant, diverse and productive?
Hell, if thats too much of a stretch, just imagine if he had just kept the development closedsource. Nothing else, just close sourced the code, but still released the binaries. Do you think Bitcoin would be where it is now?
Also of note, Satoshi was never a benevolent dictator he stood down as soon as Bitcoin's development could take care of itself, and Bitcoin has turned out just fine.
If Bitcoin could do it without needing crowdsourcing, VC money, closed development, a "benevolent dictator" organisation, or trying to keep a monopoly over his "idea" then other projects, if they are good ideas, will grow without them too because they will attract the right kinds of people and money will flow in even if the barrier to entry is zero.
Ed: typos.
@_date: 2014-03-11 07:30:11
I let his comments stand on their own, I have no interest in wasting my time trying to prove him wrong, or whatever, or single him out in his daily affairs, but if he wishes to "rescue" other users from me when I call them out for taking out huge loans that could ruin them, or make fun of myself and talk big like a kid in the schoolyard, then I'll be happy to let him look the fool.
Generally I have no beef with (IMO their politicisation of the Bitcoin currency is rather egotistical, on par with saying that gold was created for libertarians, but hey, everyone does it), but I don't tolerate belittling, or namecalling, it's pathetic and immature, (we have enough trolls doing that shit after all) and I'll very happily give them a dose of their own medicine if need be, I'm much more interested in Bitcoin related discussion and helping users, that includes informing people of the pros and cons of Bitcoin usage (I want users to have a good initial Bitcoin experience after all). Unfortunately many new people have "to the moon" &lt;-- (that shit is definitely not helping) expectations and I don't want people blaming Bitcoin for their greed or lack of research on the subject. We get enough of that in the media after all.
@_date: 2014-02-17 18:20:14
It also shut itself down, and got it's shit in order in 2011 when it got hacked, and balances were out of order. They were honest then, they fucked up and admitted it, reversed orders, reverified accounts, etc. They took the time to fix things, and they admitted things were wrong and kept people in the loop.
Instead this time around (and similarly back with april/may 2013) it is capitalising on people's panic by keeping trading and deposits open and withdrawals closed.
It has no reason to prop up a market like in early 2013 when it was *the* major exchange (even though in the april crash they should have been far more communicative about what was going wrong), most other exchanges are doing the heavy lifting now. It is not acting responsibly.
Yes it has done much good, but it is obvious it is acting according to it's own self interest, it continues to pretend it is functional when the rest of the world very plainly can see it is not.
At all.
I don't hate Mt Gox, but it is obvious they are throwing their users under the bus. And I'm not even a Mt Gox user and I can see that.
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:56:50
So, tell me when USD inflation stops. I would like a timetable. If you honestly thing Bitcoin is hyperinflationary, I'd recommend you educate yourself on what [hyperinflation really looks like]( 
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:42:58
Satoshi held before it was cool.
@_date: 2014-12-17 07:48:19
This should get you started.
@_date: 2014-11-19 08:33:57
Well the category is [described thusly](


Based on that selection criteria, we don't even know if Etherium is a proven concept yet. And just to clarify, I said that there are others far more deserving than Vitalik. This guy may be smart but he's still young and really hasn't put out anything that I'd consider innovative yet, whereas other most definitely have. I have seen others offer far more innovative software projects in the blockchain space than Vitalik that are already quite developed, provide real service and value to users, and holds up to public scrutiny. I personally think Amir should get something like this. He's advanced Bitcoin technology in leaps and bounds and those advances like proving the case for decentralised markets, advanced privacy (coin-join, stealth addresses which were his own ideas) in the blockchain, as well as his work in creating the first SPV wallets and many other contributions that deserve far more recognition than Vitalik. I honestly think there are far better and deserving candidates, and that it reeks of favouritism, rather than selection based on achievement.
Edit: correction, stealth addresses were pioneered by [Peter Todd with assistance from JGarzik and Amir]( my bad.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:11:49
Seconded, etotheipi is extremely keen to hear of crashes and general bugs, posting this here will probably not get to him, so I'd definitely recommend you post this to the bitcointalk forums so he has a chance of seeing it, he'll definitely be interested in hearing about it.
Edit: I'd recommend posting it in the discussion thread since he seems to read it regularly.
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:11:53
Well, you broke the first rule when you got into Bitcoin which is, [Gavin's Standard Public Service Announcement  Only invest time or money into Bitcoin that you can afford to lose.](
If, as your username implies, you have become burned out then you obviously didn't appreciate that advice that gets bandied regularly here and most other Bitcoin related places. If you truly feel regular people don't care then you simply lack perspective. Far more people are involved in Bitcoin than at any time previously and you are just trying to rationalise your loss on external factors, rather than taking responsibility for your own overexuberance (and impatience). If you only discovered/invested in Bitcoin 10 months ago then your perspective is narrow indeed. I've been here since 2010 and I have never vented over the price like you are now, I've ridden through Bitcoin slumps far, far worse than this, I even struggle to rationalise this as a slump, more like a levelling than anything else. You should have been around when the price went vertical DOWNWARDS for several hours. 
For all your rationalisations, Bitcoin is undeniably growing. And it is doing so at an astonishingly fast rate. I personally have always resented those that expect the price to constantly skyrocket, take a couple weeks breather, then skyrocket again, because the Bitcoin economy can only grow so fast and improve gradually. Software for next gen Bitcoin apps don't magically debug themselves, legislation and government decisions aren't fast tracked just for Bitcoin's benefit, consumer confidence doesn't miraculously converge on Bitcoin like an avalanch. All these things happen at a crawl, and they SHOULD. A free market grows in fits and starts and Bitcoin is even now in the very early stages where we are still innovating and fixing problems. People that believe otherwise are blinded by greed and need a lesson in patience, and level-headed expectations. 
I personally am ecstatic with Bitcoin's progress over the years as I have seen it grow first hand and I can happily say it has far exceeded my expectations and projections.
See this image [here?]( My wild imaginings of Bitcoin's growth in Feb 2013 (which was 1 year and 8 months ago) projected that Bitcoin grow to be worth ~40 USD per coin in September 2014. And this was my wildest of the wildest  dreams "prediction" that I never bandied about. I simply made the image for my personal curiosity, and left it on my machine until today. Don't forget that this was in the days when the 32 USD highs and 2 USD lows was still a fresh memory in everyone's mind.
My, my, how far we've come.
You obviously risked too much and or expected some kind of meteoric rise, why else would you be here blaming others for Bitcoin's apparent stagnation (at least in your eyes).
Every person here, and elsewhere will tell you that Bitcoin is high risk, and no-one should expect 10X increase in prices as has happened in the past. It may happen again (I personally hope not cos volatility is crappy), but it's just as likely that those volatile days are behind us. I encourage you to "divest" AKA panic-sell and reconsider why you want to be involved in Bitcoin. Or at the very least take Gavin's honest and sincere advice a little more seriously and only invest time or money into Bitcoin that you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2014-10-25 08:53:03
I foresee another horse drawn automobile in the making. 
@_date: 2014-12-31 01:32:44
Optional doesn't mean non-existent. Optional also means you get to choose who you want to use to protect you from fraud. Instead of being forced to use paypals fraud protection, bitcoin allows any number of services to compete in the fraud protection space so that there is incentive to provide better services, lower costs, etc.
@_date: 2014-09-30 04:59:18
lol, here's what I speculated Bitcoin to rise to over a [year and a half ago]( guess I was kidding myself with such unrealistic expectations hu? :). Do you know what an *example* looks like? Obviously not. We don't know what the future holds, and that's precisely why I said the link is very useful, we can pretend to play out, at least with a small degree of accuracy, how bitcoin could grow in the future. 
You seem to be completely blinkered to speculation as being scammers in every corner, and shills on every sidewalk.
If you don't like speculation here than you are going to be a very unhappy person.
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:17:51
Yep, and the forum is still a thriving place too. It is like Bitcoin's mecca.
@_date: 2014-12-25 12:11:55




Apparently the chips sourced from the supplier are securely stored before flashing. I'm told the chip has areas that can be written to then the ability to write to that area is physically burnt inactivated so it can't ever be flashed to again. This is where the bootloader resides so that it can check the firmware before it is run.
I already have two ;) and I've closely followed and scrutinised their design where I am reasonably satisfied that they've made a thorough effort at ensuring that the Trezor is a safe and secure device, but that is just my personal opinion. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:36:45
I mean that purely in the context of extremely risky investments, so when I say that here, I always mean it in relation to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-19 16:08:34


Pfff, 32 to 2 was a shock the likes of which the vast majority thought Bitcoin was done and over. Yet here we are, with everyone shaking their heads at how stupid they were. Frankly, when this happens, yet again (I've been here here a loooooong time), and I see panic posts all over the place I am simply disappointed in the large numbers of people that still risk more than they could afford to lose. 
The reality is that the price will go up and down but even when it has been at it's most volatile (hell, Bitcoin's value is like a rock compared to a few years ago), Bitcoin still had value, and could still be useful. I pray for big institutional money to come into Bitcoin, but not to simply boost the price, but to push out all these amateur traders, and emotional investors. These waves of panic and optimism is just dumb. I'm personally quite tired of the broken record rambling about the price. It only matters if you invested more than you could afford to lose.
@_date: 2014-10-31 13:07:08
1.7 years actually, but you're right, this is a short/mid term thing, and could actually be less noticeable if more positive growth of Bitcoin occurs.
Edit: 1.75 years give or take 3 days :)
@_date: 2014-02-20 09:04:34
Thursday business hours have come and gone in Japan, so people know there is likely not going to be an announcement today, even though the last announcement said withdrawals would open today. Incredibly bad form on Gox's part. Keeping users informed and up to date is vital for trust and customer satisfaction. That's probably why uncertainty, especially in this situation, is reaching a fever pitch and those last few people that were still holding out on Gox actually doing what they say have lost their nerve. If you are trapped in a burning building on the third floor and you can feel the heat at your back, and are choking on the smoke in your lungs, even if you can hear salvation (fire brigade sirens), instinct will tell you to jump.
It's dumb, and I feel sorry for everyone that has been forced into this situation, but people are thinking extreme short term, and most are just normal people. On the other hand, there's going to be a fire sale on fiat the second it's independently confirmed that Bitcoin withdrawals work again.
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:41:30
Not trying to sound snarky, but that's almost word-for-word how Ripple was marketed.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:08:39
It's not offtopic and it's not general, because it directly relates to Bitcoin's economic model and inherent design. Everyone that uses Bitcoin is essentially saying they do not accept the traditional monetary model, and to see how other monetary systems act contrary to Bitcoin, is newsworthy. Just like people obsess over brands of cars, video cards, or brands of shoes. We want to be informed on other currencies that are doing better or worse than our own.
Comparisons being:
Controlled inflation, compared to the existing system that has no upper limit on inflation. We compare and muse how Bitcoin' tapered inflation is going to fare with other currencies.
Permanent issuance, compared to the existing system where issuance is arbitrary and given only to banks. Nuff said.
Zero capital controls, compared to the existing system where capital controls are continually enforced against the will of the people. I find this to be our opportunity to shamelessly gloat.....
Regulation, compared to the existing system how are governments going to try and force Bitcoin to play ball like other currencies. We then usually discuss how this will affect bitcoin (if it will at all).
Bank accounts, compared to the existing system how are bank accounts letting down customers where Bitcoin shines (or falls short).
And many other comparisons, mine only scratch the surface.
Bitcoin does not exist in vacuum, we want to know how Bitcoin performs better of worse compared to the existing centralised systems (the big ones like fiat, gold, silver, and such), and fruitful discussion comparing these is hardly off topic. The reason it is a rule is because the sub often got spammed with pump/dump cryptos, pointless pissing contests usually orchestrated by pump/dumpers, as such Doge belongs in doge, etherium belongs in etherium, darkcoin belongs in darkcoin, PoS-coins belong in whatever. If you want to compare cryptocurrencies then go to but comparions with wildly different economic models should hardly be excluded. Here, we discuss bitcoin's merits compared to the existing system since there is such a large difference in economic models it is hardly surprising we'd keep track.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:17:42
Wow, end of an era. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 14:39:59
*sigh* OK, I've already posted this to a few people because they expressed their frustration here and since it's come up number of times now I may as well just post it and be done with it. Maybe this will help you, maybe not, but I've used this fairly consistently and frankly I now consider trolls "fun" more than anything else as a result, keep this in mind though, playing with trolls takes time and trolls excel at wasting time unless your sole purpose is to spend time wasting trolls' time, don't waste your time with the snark, pettiness, and BS that spouts from them unless you're actually enjoying bantering in order to make them look like even more of a retard than normal.
Remember, if you engage with a troll, you will always have to stoop down to their level otherwise it defeats the purpose, don't try to reason with these people because they sure as hell are not there to reason with you regardless of whether you think they are, or whether they try to feed you just enough truth and genuineness to throw you off. That said, here it is...












































@_date: 2014-01-09 15:29:10
Bpsycho is on the money, literally. If it is enough money to make you cry like OP, there is no way in hell it should be on an online machine. It needs to be offline. 
I use armory, with an offline wallet (if you don't have an offline wallet generated by armory, I strongly encourage you to make it happen), with the bulk of my coins that I save and use offline transactions when I want to spend from them. For convenience I have blockchain.info with a very small amount of money so I can impulse buy if the urge ever hits me. I also use every security method available for my blockchain.info wallet, 2 passwords, 2fa, yubikey, logging, emailed backups (though backups being emailed can be intercepted and cracked so be very careful about the passwords you use). The burden is minimal and I've never lost anything or had any money stolen. It's all brain-dead easy too, there really is no excuse. It's a very harsh lesson for OP, but it should also be a lesson to everyone else to never treat security lightly.
@_date: 2014-11-02 19:16:03
I don't need to. Operating a botnet is by default cheaper than running a computer that you need to pay electricity for. This is a common sense conclusion.
And no I have no data on hand because the botnet era for Bitcoin ended years ago, it was even in decline during the GPU era (late 2011). Thankfully, botnets were squashed by GPUs, FPGAs, and ASICs before they had a large foothold on the network.
Your best bet is to trawl the bitcoin talk forums as there may be some discussions there.
@_date: 2014-12-07 12:22:31
I'd recommend you insert the caveat that just rolling your standard 6 sided dice (like board game dice) is [not in fact truly random]( The only truly random dice out there are casino dice that are specially designed to be random. Anything less than that and you run the risk of not creating truly random numbers so I'd recommend anyone that uses this software also gets themselves some casino dice to roll up their numbers too.
This can also be done in electrum (taken from a post a while back so it's not my own, but I did modify it for 24 word seeds like what would be used for Trezor wallets, not sure if the longer one is 100% correct though I see no reason why it wouldn't be):
Roll dice 53 times (or 106 for 24 word seed), write down each result (writing "0" for every 6 rolled) as a 53 or 106 digit long number
with only the digits 0-5. Then input the following lines of code in the electrum console:


for a 12 word seed


for a 24 word seed (not 100% sure if this is correct so use this line at your own peril :) )


(replace the 012345012345 etc with your actual dice rolls)
(note you need to input "from electrum import mnemonic" first then hit enter. After that do the second line I wrote for either 12 or 24 word seed)
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:14:02
Everyone has weak points, and don't feel stupid or feel you failed Bitcoin, a man has to eat, have shelter, help his fellow man and so on. Money is meant to be used. If you're such an early adopter, and have that much in BTC, feel proud that you rode it out as long as you did. If you gained/lost life changing amounts over the past few years you've done incredibly well and very much have nerves of steel to ride it out as long as you have. Especially if the majority of your holdings is in Bitcoin. Don't ever feel bad about making a profit. If you got to this point and made significant gains, you damned well deserved it. It should also serve as a reminder that Bitcoin has very good fundamentals, people need these reminders, I know I did in the early days. When it looks bad, always check the fundamentals, compared to a year ago, Bitcoin is absolutely stronger, and will continue to do so. 
Now take that money and put it to good use :) 
@_date: 2014-12-01 09:37:11


You are also making [sweeping generalisations]( in your argument ;). If that were the case then Gold or any commodity could be considered a Ponzi by that very broad definition. 
From Wikipedia:


The difference is there is a central operator pulling the strings for their own benefit in a Ponzi. Bitcoin has no central operator that can manipulate the books to suit their purposes, or to keep it afloat, or to steal/reassign money to themselves with no-one the wiser. The Bitcoin network is never dishonest and never tries to protect old coins from losing value compared to new coins, and vice versa. Old addresses with coins aren't readjusted so that 100 USD worth of Bitcoin bought 4 years ago is worth 100 USD now to make new users feel like they aren't being treated unfairly.
By this characteristic, Bitcoin simply can't be classified as a Ponzi, and is much closer in nature to a precious metal or commodity than a stock (fraudulent or not), or even a currency in some respects.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:50:23
You may be right, it may be a futile idea but it's either that, or I imagine "customer protections" from governments are going to be the alternative.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:36:17
I also enjoy your inane babbling. Not.
You failed in raising any real discussion here, and sounded like a chicken little as I've already said. I pointed you to more fertile grounds where meaningful discussion is taking place, and you instead settled for belittling, finger pointing and jeering.
I urge you to stop wasting your time trying to look serious, and actually add to the serious discussions elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-02-03 12:13:07


@_date: 2014-12-09 08:42:44
C'mon Australia, lift your fucking game already!
@_date: 2014-10-31 05:47:53
Looks like [capital controls]( is making a comeback in the mainstream and that can only mean the next financial disaster is already knocking at the door.
As wikipedia helpfully points out:
* Capital controls may represent an optimal macroprudential policy that reduces the risk of financial crises and prevents the associated externalities.
* Capital controls limiting a nation's residents from owning foreign assets can ensure that domestic credit is available more cheaply than would otherwise be the case.
* Economic crises have been considerably more frequent since the Bretton Woods capital controls were relaxed. Studies have found that large uncontrolled capital inflows have frequently damaged a nation's economic development by causing its currency to appreciate, by contributing to inflation, and by causing unsustainable economic booms which often precede financial crises - caused when the inflows sharply reverse and both domestic and foreign capital flee the country. 
Looks like most of the world's governments/banks has realised that the only way they can help control the next unfolding disaster is to put a stranglehold on movement of funds so they can prevent people abandoning their country's currency to jump on the backs of other safer assets. If so many countries are in on this agreement then this must essentially mean that most, if not all countries are all in the same boat. By the sounds of it this is designed to create a financial backbone where all transactions must flow through, perfect for seizing and freezing. Pardon the melodramatic tone, but this is IMO the clearest warning yet that the next GFC is imminently close.
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:54:29
heh, funny how I never wanted your feedback but you so desperately keep coming back to prove yourself to me. Keep it coming.
Ed: Lol, using karma to win an argument! Now I've seen everything, you're more of a sheep/yes-man than I ever believed. Must be fun fan-boying in your circlejerk subs while I express my opinion even when I know people won't like/agree with it. I guess truth is a bitter pill you like to counter with upvotes rather than actual thoughtful counter arguments. Bravo!
Such bravery. /s
@_date: 2014-03-22 02:23:36
Cryptography most definitely embodies communist ideals too because it is based on math. Some of the world's best mathematicians came from communist Russia and [tangibly contributed to cryptography]( therefore by your deconstruction I can very clearly state that cryptography clearly embodies communist and statist ideals because it was not only born from discoveries made by those in the communist state, but is also used to protect the statist state from dissenters by preventing information being compromised in a centralised system. 
That logic is asinine though. They're tools, embodied with political ideals by the people that use them, if the opposite were the case then fiat would have converted anarcho-captalists believers to the statist viewpoint eons ago. Math can be used to further communism just like cryptography can be used to further a republican or libertarian agenda. China uses capitalism to further the prosperity of their communist state, I don't see the CPC stepping down for fair elections any time soon though, use of capitalistic markets has, if anything, cemented their own political stability. Gold does not twist a democrat to become more anarchistic, a believer in statism isn't going to slowly become a libertarian from employing cryptography. Any idea can be twisted (and often is) to the user's own political ends. Drap it in any political cloak you like, it is irrelevant. It's not going to change the political environment, only people that choose to use those tools for their own political ends can change the political landscape. Bitcoin simply offers freedom to pursue whatever political cause we desire, so in that way, it is very powerful, but it is not solely a libertarian-only instrument.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:23:35
What *are* you mumbling? I said take it to bitcointalk, why are you still here?
@_date: 2014-10-10 01:57:30
















You need to come to terms with the fact that Bitcoin is growing, and continues to grow year to year. This is the very epitome of success. Your comment that Bitcoin isn't successful is devoid of any substance when you examine Bitcoin over the years. Because people in the early days, even the bullish ones like myself scoffed at 100 USD per BTC, governmental attention and regulation, bitcoin hitting news outlets, ASIC chip development,decentralised markets, major outlets like Dell accepting payment in Bitcoin etc. etc. etc. Bitcoin has eclipsed all these things and more and continues to grow relentlessly.
National currency use is enforced at the point of a gun. You must use currencies to settle debts in your country like taxes etc. so making that comparison when Bitcoin is a 100% voluntary currency is a joke.
@_date: 2014-07-20 05:52:51
Because there is no easy way to distribute coins to those that deserve them except through shared self-interest ie. mining where the network gets secured and someone who shares an interest in the Bitcoin network's security gets a share of the value connected to the securing of the network. There is no way to time the halving to avoid disruption unless it were centralised, so it is up to the free market to adjust itself, this is the small initial costs of a completely autonomous system unfortunately. No end of "smart" people have proposed on bitcointalk their solutions to a number of percieved problems with bitcoin, but they all make erroneous assumptions about the future and use knowledge that simply didn't exist when Bitcoin initially got rolled out, and frankly their "solutions" is simply to add more complexity that in most cases would cause even more problems compared to the somewhat simple and straightforward implementations that Bitcoin currently has.
Your solution has already been proposed (and discussed many times), see what others had to say on the topic in [early 2012]( The strong consensus was this is a non-problem and a massive waste of time.
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:16:11
It's essentially a way of preserving the ownership of Bitcoins such that you can verify the coins that have been contributed to a sidechain, this allows coins produced in the sidechain to prove that they are tied to the coins in the Bitcoin blockchain. This way if a user wants to essentially unpeg  sidechain coins they own because the sidechain failed, or maybe they just want their bitcoins back for whatever reason, the user can use the information stored in the sidechain coin to still move the correct number of coins in the Bitcoin network that were dedicated to the sidechain. 
Colored coins is a very loose, quasi-sidechain example, bitcoins can be selectively "colored" or marked with extra information to represent something else, such as a stock, but it still retains all the information needed to still use it as a bitcoin. If the stock fails for that colored coin, or the holder wants to abandon the stock and use the bitcoin instead, the "stocks" that the user received as fractions of a bitcoin can be spent as a normal bitcoin without any problem. This will affect the total number of stocks on record (as it can no longer be used as a stock anymore), but the spendability of the bitcoin that was essentially used to peg the stocks to remains unharmed.
Now colored coins is not a sidechain, but it does share some of it's qualities and provides very tantalising and exciting insights into what sidechains could accomplish. Colored coins still use the blockchain though to conduct all transactions, wheras a sidechain would use it's own blockchain to store transactions, thus reducing transaction bloat, and would enable sidechains to completely redesign the structure of the blockchain for their own particular needs. As long as it retained enough information for the bitcoins that were assigned to the chain to be spent, so that both blockchains were able to recognise the spend when the bitcoin enters or leaves the sidechain, then they can create massively different sidechains for all manner of purposes, and the risk for these sidechains, as well as the people that dedicate bitcoins to these alts could be massively reduced.
Hopefully that makes it a little clearer.
@_date: 2014-08-08 14:53:46
Agreed, but the mining bottleneck as a result of delays from large block propagation would be largely mitigated, and from there most nodes could catch up without impacting on block propagation impeding mining.
Besides that, I think most users will be using SPV wallets rather than nodes so they will only get the data they need, rather than the whole block.
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:49:41
I'm not so sure, block to block, doing things in half measures would not be worth it. We'd be working on the premise that greed for very short term gains is the payoff, and the individual wants the highest guarantee of a payoff regardless of whether it is defecting/or cooperating. The paradox is, the most powerful pools would likely have taken months/years to accrue users, (or if acting independently) have sunk a huge amount of cash to create a huge amount of hardware/infrastructure, so short term gains are not beneficial to them since their means of becoming powerful took lots of time and/or money to get to that stage, and the only way to get that powerful in the first place would have been to mine honestly. Only botnets would stand to gain in those situations, and with ASICs they are non-existant/incredibly weak comparatively now a days.
In the days of GPUs where the miner has less incentive to mine compared to ASICs where the only gains they can get is to mine (GPUs could back in the day use their hardware for other profit making activities other than mining), it is far more black and white now, defecting had more advantages with GPUs because if the Bitcoin network really did collapse, your hardware was still useful, now with the vast majority being ASICs with significant sunk costs to boot, if miners defect, everyone will be left holding the bag, including the defector.
Additionally, mining operators endanger their long running business models by defecting, and the transparency of the network means that defection can't easily be hidden. The last nail against defection is that most/all (?) of these huge pools are aggregations of much smaller groups of miners and they are fully capable of acting against a pool that tries to endanger the network, thus essentially holding a financial/reputational gun to the head of the pool operator to act honest lest he lose huge amounts of revenue/reputation/network influence.
Other pools/nodes also have strategies to punish other miners that misbehave too, such as not propagating blocks from dishonest pools.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:07:24


Silk Road, wikileaks and gambling were arguably the catalysts for Bitcoin's very early growth. So I'm going to disagree with your there.


Countries also forego their own national currencies for USD regularly, Venezuela's currency is legal tender, but if the government is irresponsible, it doesn't mean a damn if it's legal tender, if it is unstable, people will abandon it. Bitcoin is also unstable but it also offers benefits beyond stability, like fast transfer, low barrier to entry, unseizable, unfreezable, smart contracts, decentralised markets, no trusted third party, etc. (not to mention all the other non-currency uses).


That's your choice, but a guy without a bank account in the third world cares, so does the guy that can't get his online business off the ground because he sells risqué items or items that are frowned on by banks/government but not strictly illegal, or is simply controversial, like political donations or charities (try donating to a pro-gay marriage charity or political party in saudi arabia), besides WoW gold is completely under the government's purview, and what's more is a closed loop currency, it only has value within the game itself and any usage outside that can be clamped down on by government and the company that runs it, china being a [prime example]( Bitcoin can't be controlled by government though so bans, or leaning on any one company or organisation is futile.


Capital controls are stronger than ever, and whether you want to believe it or not, countries around the world are not only [locking down on movements of money]( but they're also targeting safe havens that they can't reach, and this is because countries are trying to stem the effects of a worldwide panic when the next financial crisis happens. Bitcoin is your last safe haven against governments seizing, freezing, or controlling your funds, even if you try to ignore every other benefit Bitcoin can offer (and there are many) believe me when I say that when Cyprus happens on a worldwide scale, Bitcoin will be the only currency that people will want to own regardless of anything else.
Bitcoin's barrier to entry is as low as it can get and governments hate that, they will try to control it but the reality is they are trying to plug holes in a sieve. If Bitcoin were as useless as you profess it to be, walk away, ignore it, laugh at it or deride it, because the only thing that gives it power is people and if people found Bitcoin to be truly useless or government issued money to be superior to Bitcoin, Bitcoin would have died with Satoshi's first post.
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:00:23
Memorable for it's breathless lunacy, yes. Not like I had to try hard, RES, allows you to tag people, you might want to look it up. Like I said, you are entertainment after all, I always tag the fun people round here.
@_date: 2014-08-21 07:42:09


As per hedgepigdaniel also said, I would also recommend you grow up, having a tantrum on the internet doesn't make you more right, it just makes you more childish.
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:19:52
I'd suppose in that case they eat the loss until they have nothing left.
Hopefully, if bitcoins were stolen it was only a small-ish amount and they can safely eat the loss without losing their shirt and burning depositors in the process.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:59:08
Please read the article.
I was never talking about making it easier to commit crimes. I'm addressing your main point, "I'll come around today if you can give me one convincing argument in favour of adopting Bitcoin", and that is that Bitcoin gives people freedom.
I was highlighting the fact that police in the US and other places, have often abused arbitrary laws to seize money found in vehicles during searches without ever charging the occupants. Bitcoin is a way to protect their money from cops abusing the law.
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:02:32
If they're not kept scarce via savers and diminishing supply, then there is no reason for markets/merchants to accept them, and miners wouldn't waste their time securing the network for them.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:35:11
Wow, that makes absolutely no sense. They're literally doing exactly what central banking does, then trying to use a blockchain for it. What the hell? These people are so out of touch I'm almost certain they don't know how bitcoin works. This is like taking a car and towing it with a horse then claiming they're driving.
@_date: 2014-07-07 14:05:43
OK, lets have some fun with this.
Paul Krugman’s prediction from 1998: ["The growth of the Internet will slow drastically, as the flaw in "Metcalfe's law"–which states that the number of potential connections in a network is proportional to the square of the number of participants–becomes apparent: most people have nothing to say to each other! By 2005 or so, it will become clear that the Internet's impact on the economy has been no greater than the fax machine's."](
Bitcoin right now is where the internet was in the early 90s, for comparison ["Mark Andreessen launched his Mosaic, a revolutionary browser, in 1993; later marketed by the start-up company Netscape, it combined text and graphics and made it so easy to navigate that its role in the mainstream consumer adoption of the internet was significant. ... By 1995, the internet had an estimated 16 million users and venture capitalists were busy full-time, funding hundreds of new internet-related business concerns."](


Begs the question where the "start" is, the first networks based on the early internet emerged from universities because communication network develpoment was still in it's infancy and universities were funded by military projects in part to develop robust solutions to network problems but they are hardly the only contributors. The only reason it emerged from these places is because that is where the need was. You also completely gloss over the fact that the Internet is a conglomeration of technologies that developed in fits and starts over many years. The Internet wasn't simply released and get used like Bitcoin was, it has multiple layers, numerous protocols in each layer, and has been contributed to by governments, businesses, individuals, organisations since the very beginning. Even comparing the Internet to Bitcoin is laughable, if Bitcoin can be compared to anything close to the internet, it's closest analogue is the data link layer (layer 2) where links are made between ethernet cards. Bitcoin is so foundational, it has immense capability to be built on, and we are only just starting to see the potential, much like in the early 90s.


I'm afraid to say people in 1995 don't see things the way you do now with your rose tinted glasses....
["I sometimes suspect that we're seeing something in the Internet as significant as the birth of cities. It's something that profound and with that sort of infinite possibilities. It's really something new; it's a new kind of civilization. And of course the thing I love about it is that it's transnational, non-profit - it isn't owned by anyone - and it's shape is completely user driven. What it is is determined by the needs of millions and millions of users. So cyberspace is evolving to meet the needs of individuals all over the world. The American so-called “Information Highway,” or the “Infobahn” (laughs) which I have always liked very much, is an attempt to create a commercial version. I think that very, very large interests are looking at the Internet, not really understanding what it is, but thinking “We can make a fortune if we have one of those!” You know, they want to get in there, it'll be broadcast television again. But of course that's not going to be it. – William Gibson, 1995"](
The internet is a worthless piece of tech without the network effect, just like Bitcoin, and the internet could have been usurped by other technologies if early users hadn't found novel uses for it. The only reason the Internet became useful is not because it came pre-packed with a copy of wikipedia, a default homepage of google, and 100 billion other websites, it became useful because the earliest users saw it's potential and started making things with it. They found creative uses, shared the fruits of their labor, and made it into the internet it is today. Even today this happens case in point, Facebook, and the plucky Mark Zuckerberg. If you put on the Bitcoin tinted glasses it looks like this...
"I sometimes suspect that we're seeing something in Bitcoin as significant as the death of the banking system. It's something that profound and with that sort of infinite possibilities. It's really something new; it's a new kind of financial era. And of course the thing I love about it is that it's transnational, non-profit - it isn't owned by anyone - and it's shape is completely user driven. What it is is determined by the needs of millions and millions of users. So Bitcoin is evolving to meet the needs of individuals all over the world. The American so-called “Gold 2.0,” or the “magic internet money” (laughs) which I have always liked very much, is an attempt to create a commercial version. I think that very, very large interests are looking at Bitcoin, not really understanding what it is, but thinking “We can make a fortune if we have some of those!” You know, they want to get in there, it'll be a new contender for the reserve currency again. But of course that's not going to be it.
You are going to find yourself on the wrong side of history :)
@_date: 2014-03-04 08:22:21
Their [facebook status]( says they are still working feverishly. Looks like they are still finalising things, but it definitely sounds like the device will release shortly.
At least they aren't mining machines where time is a matter of profit/loss.
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:06:45
Yeah their reasoning is so retarded. They want all the power of decentralisation and a secure network but they don't want to pay for it. How do they honestly think Bitcoin came into existence? The network isn't a charity, and run on feels. Millions of dollars of hardware didn't simply pop into existence for no reason for crying out loud, the miners are there to reap value from the network, and that network functions in a self-sustaining loop to keep itself running.
Sheesh. Its amazing how so many people still don't get this, especially those that say "the blockchain is an amazing technology but I have no interest in the currency".
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:36:56
Yep, you can't patent the network effect.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:28:00
It was never about winning, it was about not being a tool. IOW, agreeing to disagree is civil, being a belligerent **DICK** like you behaved deserved no respect on my end so I treated you as you as you treated me.
@_date: 2014-11-07 14:49:43
@_date: 2014-11-02 19:54:30


I can also write my own, get open source implementations or go to the deep web  and buy some for a pittance If I wanted.
You have never shown any evidence that CPU networks supporting a cryptocurrency can survive against botnets. All you've expressed are doubts and I've continually laid out how you are wrong.
You still haven't answered my previous question.
Absent a level playing field for all participants how can you possibly justify the existence of a decentralised network?
You believe Bitcoin is centralised but you refuse to accept the flaws that are inherrent in a pure CPU based cryptocurrency, which is that botnets can easily undermine the incentives in a pure CPU based network and easily centralise it faster and in a much more perilous way.
All I've heard from you are excuses and dodging the facts in preference to your pet ideology.
Here's your study on botnets:
If you want to continue this discussion I expect you to provide peer reviewed and solid evidence to refute the links and arguments I've provided thus far, otherwise I'll presume you have nothing to offer on your side of the argument.
@_date: 2014-12-24 03:23:30
If you bought 100 USD of Bitcoin when it was 0.10 USD in the hopes of getting rich your risk would have been negligible so you wouldn't have needed a rich family, connections, genes etc to have gotten into Bitcoin and made it big. But if you wanted to see your Bitcoin net worth skyrocket to 1 million you'd have had to have gone through the terror of losing the entirety of your fortune a number of times, and if you were still holding now you'd be at only a third of the top.
A poor person sells at $1 or $10 because $1,000 or $10,000 is a lot of money to them and they are terrified that they'll lose what they've gained, whereas a rich person holds onto the coins because they are able to contain that fear of loss. Rich people know how to manage their risk, contain their fear and seize on opportunities that others are terrified of. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 14:36:08
Noice, could I get some gold too?
@_date: 2014-10-06 04:26:42
You may recall when Australia went into a [recession 25 odd years ago]( that was because we essentially spent ourselves into debt we couldn't pay off. I hated Keating back then (unfortunately I was too young to really know what was happening) because my family was lower middle class, but we got through it, I think everyone hated him at the time, but he was bang on the money. We as a country had overspent, and slashing spending, at the cost of growth, was our only means of recovery. And it [worked](
Now though, governments literally try to spend themselves into recovery, hoping that if they spend enough, the economy will pick up where it left off, and it just doesn't work. 
I'm in S.A. probably about as far from major Bitcoin goings on as you can get :/
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:39:44
Agreed, I've seen some of these people post an astonishing amount of crap, it would literally take hours out of every day, and their post histories aren't intermittent either, they are *constant*. I spend a good deal of time here, but I usually keep it to several posts and call it a day, these guys have dozens and dozens sometimes.
Engaging them when you've done your homework can be fun (and has done wonders for my reverse trolling ;) ), but I also tend to just ignore them, tag them in RES and move on, and frankly, when no-one responds, I'm pretty sure that maddens them even more (thus the huge number of negative posts fishing for a reaction). 
@_date: 2014-08-30 18:22:08
100% agree, greater numbers of merchants means greater liquidity. It is far easier to buy something you want and let the merchant handle the "cashing out" side than to do it yourself, so when a merchant suddenly offers a raft of new items previously unavailable on the BTC market, there will be a lot of bitcoin holders that will go, "hmmmm, I want that, and I have Bitcoin" and spend. This isn't a bad thing though, it is very, very good, it means that for every merchant, there is one more reason to hold/use bitcoins over simply using them as a way to invest/trade/etc. This gives liquidity a very solid footing that simple speculation can never offer. Real tangible commerce is a constant that can make the price rise like a baloon, and buoy the price through even the worst storm. This still seems to come as a surprise to many but the confidence from bigger and bigger merchants, (as well as the increasing numbers of small ones) is doing wonders for Bitcoin's value and is the steady hand that will level the price out over the longer term.
I personally hope it continues to rain merchants for many more years to come!
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:09:05
I was never talking about the value of the Bitcoins, I was very specifically referring to the safety and storage of bitcoins.
And it does help. Erik lost all his coins by storing them with Gox, I have all my coins because I store them safely offline. One of us has money = 0 and the other has money &gt; 0.
@_date: 2014-02-12 05:44:44
The general tone of many here is that anything a government does, unless it is to be completely hands off, is evil, underhanded and manipulative, and coercive force.
I think the reason is entirely mundane.
The government wants taxes. They also want to avoid loopholes that would allow moneylaundering that would help facilitate tax evasion. 
This won't stop or slow adoption in any way IMO, if anything charities businesses et al. will have a greenlighted pathway that gives them far more regulatory certainty than they had before. 
&lt;queue the ranters that believe their rights are being trampled and "cages" will be dispatched in their direction in 3. 2. ... &gt;
@_date: 2014-10-12 03:22:22
Unfortunately I agree. People do tend to look to authority in a crisis, but that is mainly because they have been trained to relinquish their financial responsibility to banks/governments. Bitcoin has not been around during a worldwide financial crisis yet so we are yet to see how people will truly behave when there is an option to turn their back completely on the existing financial systems of the past. Financial crises usually boxes people into a corner where they have no choice but to turn to governments/banks for help, but with Bitcoin, that option could be a huge game changer to how financial crises play out. I hardly expect, or want people to use Bitcoin exclusively, because I think that is hugely risky, but to not have even a small amount of money in Bitcoin I think is just as risky in light of how badly the powers that be have managed economies of the world. Unfortunately I think governments have already been locking down money around the world and [battening down the financial hatches for the next crisis](
Funnily enough over the years I've seen many people flock to Bitcoin because of the media attention it has received (both good and bad, mostly bad actually). Some people I know personally flat out denied Bitcoin would ever work only changed their tune when media picked up on it (authority and higher powers at work). A lot of media has demonised Bitcoin for all the wrong reasons, but they also did so with the internet and this didn't discourage people from finding out more about it. I for one have seen Bitcoin become more and more popular even in light of overwhelmingly bad press, because people that actually come understand it, really do get how transformative it is, bad press simply draws them in initially. I've also found that once someone understands it, they rarely stay anti-Bitcoin for long, and once they understand what it can do, some often stick around to use it. These are the people that we truly need, not blind faith speculators and such. Nerds get Bitcoin and they're the ones that will make Bitcoin grow/evolve to the point that others that are less tech savvy can easily use Bitcoin with less risk. Luckily the barrier to entry is so low anyone can participate, and if the financial world turned their back on Bitcoin, it would still be able to function.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:48:40




@_date: 2014-11-03 13:47:47
I'd reckon multisig would mitigate the risk of any one device being compromised. Trezor is yet to have multisig, but I'd reckon by next year most wallets both hardware and software will be multisig friendly.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:51:22
Yep, this is an important distinction, banks that got bailed out hold nearly all of that extra money now and it's a very bad thing, but Bitcoin users that choose not to use them all have different incentives that will encourage them to spend at various levels of price increase, and those coins that are not circulating regularly are potentially spread across millions of people. It won't be a flood of bitcoin unleashed on the market when the price picks up, but more a trickle that will help balance the price as demand increases (and the markets are becoming ever more responsive now compared to years ago so I'd expect fluctuations in price to be far less severe). Additionally, the market increase will loosen coins from large holders pockets more easily than small holders that won't see as much return on their modest rise in value. This will help redistribute to more people those large pockets of bitcoins still held by those that bought/earned them years ago.
Free markets are the best markets when it comes to competition IMO.
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:21:24
Don't worry ferroh, I haven't forgotten you :) I've largely stepped back because I'm just too busy with finishing my PhD (and I also want to get this sucker finished so I can finally start delving into real Bitcoin development ;) ), but I also recognise that part of the reason I became involved for a long time there was because I enjoyed being involved in Bitcoin discussion, I also learned a lot of new things about Bitcoin, so I gained a great deal of understanding/insights from bouncing opinions off others back in the day, and and in part I also regularly posted to refute misunderstandings or misinformation, but nowadays, there are many, many more people that have taken up the torch and trolls just look like a laughing stock to me now. In the past trolls were listened to, and I worried about that, especially when no-one proved them wrong, now, when I see trolls do their thing, most of the time the response is crickets. In the earlier days, I really worried that blatant misinformation would drive people away because people simply didn't know any better. But seeing the explosion of interest to the point that news about Bitcoin now gets major media attention, I'm far more laid back about it all. The trolls are very soundly drowned out/ignored by people that see Bitcoin as a permanent movement, rather than a fad.
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:36:27
Agreed. I'm not happy at all with people losing fortunes or even significant savings. I've not lost a single coin, but I hardly feel smug, or have the urge to say "I told you so" with some shit eating grin. This loss affects the whole community, and even if the coins are lost, we've definitely lost some Bitcoin users in the process. No, not feeling smug at all. I'm angry. In light of Bitcoin's history that should have spoken for itself and my regular advice to people here to NEVER store significant funds on an exchange, it seems a ridiculous number of people happily ignored history, and me, for a quick buck, convenience, and an "It'll be fine". I have been scoffed at when I told people to never store coins at and exchange, and people, even when I laid it out for how utterly foolish it was to store coins on online wallets actually had the temerity to defend the practice, even in light of knowing other exchanges had failed, including bitcoinica, mybitcoin, and multitudes of others.
Exasperated doesn't even begin to describe how I feel. I'm angry at Gox, to be sure, they fucked up big time, but I'm even angrier at people that stored their vast wealth at Gox either because they were lazy, wanted to ensure they could opportunistically sell in a heartbeat, or were somehow lead to believe it would all be OK. Even in light of that I hope the users can be made whole somehow, even partially, and I hope they finally grow the fuck up and *learn* that storing for any extensive period of time a shitload of money at an exchange is *THE* worst possible security out there.
@_date: 2014-11-15 17:23:16
It is true and it does hold up to scrutiny, they both control and own the key so whoever moves it first is the legitimate owner in the eyes of the blockchain, you can also not prove whether one has lost the keys or not so it is completely plausible in OP's case that the keys were forgotten or lost and OP serendipitously rediscovered them in a dusty old machine.
You are trying to moralise the transfer of these coins when the Bitcoin system in reality doesn't care. Unless the original owner comes forth and gets OP in a court of law he can still defend his actions by claiming that there was reasonable evidence to assume the coins were lost and that his claim on them was legitimate, just like claiming a lost item. In some countries you could squat in houses and if after a certain period of time the original owner of the house did not come forth to boot the squatter out, then the squatter could claim ownership.


I know exactly what a public/private key is, and I know the ledger is on the blockchain where the record of bitcoins is kept, but it doesn't mitigate my points.
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:41:52
Most of the companies you listed really have no excuse. They have literally millions of dollars to throw around and not assigning a chunk of that to security bounties is inexcusable. Bitcoin security is the top priority bar nothing else, it can make and break a company and not advertising for, or paying generous bounties is extremely foolish. These bugs will be found eventually and if they don't pay the white hats to find them first then it is certain the blackhats will find these holes and extract their own bounties.
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:04:25
Since OP is being defensive and difficult I've skimmed the document for relevant tidbits.
If you are looking for a sincere and insightful teardown of the protocol with indepth analysis and justifications of flaws in the protocol...
Don't bother.
If you are looking for a well researched history of the controversies around the development of the bitcoin protocol along with an editorialised and extremely shallow analysis of the facts...
You've hit paydirt.
If you are looking for shallow justification for why Bitcoin won't work because, y'know, *reasons* and stuff, well...
This seems to be what OP is peddling.
Honestly, IMO this is hardly an important or thought provoking document. This brings absolutely nothing new to the table. I thought this may have been a chance for some serious research/discussion about the Bitcoin protocol, but frankly, I wouldn't waste my time with it unless you're actually after some juicy gossip on bitcoin's development controversies, history and some handwaving along with pretty big dose of heavy bias against the Bitcoin the network, and bitcoin the currency. It is far more an editorialised analysis than a sincere and frank discussion on the matter.
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:29:25
I'm kind of astonished they tried to shift the blame to the protocol when it was very clear they fucked up.
Implying that this was a protocol-wide critical bug is like turning a gun on yourself to shoot someone behind you.
Spectacular idiocy on a scale as yet unseen. It makes one want to facepalm so hard that you bitchslap yourself instead.
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:20:00
Yeah, yeah, nice hand waving there. I never had much money to begin with (I never did retarded shit like max out CCs or take loans for tens of thousands to dump into Bitcoin), but I used what little money I had because I wanted to prove I wasn't a pyramid seller trying to con my friends like it was some kind of scam. Unlike yourself, I put my money where my mouth was. You don't give a shit about Bitcoin, but I did from the very start, it was never simply about money, I want to be a part of, and build something that governments can't tear down or undermine, and I want every single person to benefit from it. I've ridden every ride up and down and never whinged or whooped about the price, I've always warned people here and in real life to never risk more than they could afford to lose, and I lived by those words. I never lord it over people like I'm better than them (like you are trying to portray me now, in order to wave away my points) I'm sharing my experience of what it was like back then.


And trying to insinuate that I'm rich as a valid excuse to negate my points is rather pathetic BTW.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:54:08
Ah, and here the pathetic excuses come. Well then you failed miserably.
@_date: 2014-01-09 15:04:35
It's not fundamentally broken, it's just having growing pains as it scales up. Satoshi never invented the concept of pools, that was the invention of Slush, when GPU farms were hogging a lot of the hashrate, and single users were having a great deal of trouble generating blocks, he came up with the method of pools to keep small miners running by helping them get small portions of the block reward without needing the mine for months to get a block, and help prevent centralisation of larger GPU/CPU farms controlling the network.
Besides, everything you demand has already been created with p2pool, it's just that p2pool requires more setup, is less user friendly and miners have unfortunately been rather complacent in the last year or so.
@_date: 2014-03-23 05:17:02
Sure thing Vizzini, sure thing.
Watching you string out your argument while desperately trying to rationalise your statements sure has made you look foolish. At the beginning I considered ignoring you, but seeing you make a complete mockery of your own viewpoint was far more satisfying.
BTW, from the start you have been the one desperately trying to sell your ideas to me, not the other way round. 
@_date: 2014-11-18 17:11:18
And there's evidently zero effort from you to back up your assertions. I've written pages and pages making my points, justifications and in depth reasonings on the subject and all you've offered is 2-3 sentences response each time. You've offered scant evidence, justifications or reasonings in your defence. 
I'm not going to bother wasting my time on someone that doesn't put in the equivalent amount of effort on the subject. I will not write yet another page repeating myself yet again. I've said all I need to on the matter, and until you offer something more substantive then you're going to simply have to argue the niceties with someone else.
@_date: 2014-02-22 11:59:11
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I recall a long while back that even if you want to deposit/withdraw bitcoins at Gox you still need to be verified. Can anyone confirm/deny?
@_date: 2014-09-13 07:16:32
I think history shows that as long as there is a single point of failure, that point will be relentlessly attacked until either  the system goes down or adapts to nullify the attack, case in point, Liberty Reserve, eGold, Liberty Dollar, Napster, Kazaa. There are multitudes of conflicting interests that wanted these systems dismaltled and they used every tool at their disposal to tear it down until it was succesful. Time and again, authorities always attack the gatekeepers. If Ripple gets big, expect the gevernments to step in to control/dismantle that system too. If an exchange doesn't play ball, expect the government to confiscate their funds, or freeze their services until they do (though it's not confirmed, I strongly believe this is exactly what happened with Mt Gox). People will most definitely care when they know they could lose their money at the whim of a stroke of a pen, it should be no surprise that Bitcoin has become as popular as it is, people crave the assurance that their money can't be stolen by a third party, which is why we are here after all :).
@_date: 2014-01-30 14:46:36
Not being cutting, but how long have you followed this sub? Because that makes a huge difference. At the beginning of last year it was a very different community, mom and pop stores really was big news (Bitcoin started small after all), it was less fanaticism and far more excitement and level headed discussion. Good/bad news wasn't passed off here as gloating or manipulative and trading was a hobby, not a pump and dump scheme, which many abuse this sub for nowadays. Also there were far fewer trolls and asshat-knowalls looking down their noses at anyone that disagreed with them.
As the sub became more popular and Bitcoin more well known it has very much deteriorated in a number of ways since then, and this has been exacerbated by the lack of spine of moderators to ditch truly abusive users. It sucks, but that is sometimes the price of success, money tends to bring out the worst (and best like Jason King and a select few others) in people.
My point, is calling it a bubble of positivity can be a fair assessment if you've followed the sub a few days, but it does fluctuate, and often.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:15:41
Unfortunate, but I can't say I blame them TBH. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 05:14:44
Actually you'll find that stable prices in Bitcoin are very normal. Historically we've had far longer periods of stability, than we've had periods of extreme volatility. They usually come in waves, after a surge in price, we enter a period of extreme uncertainty, then it usually consolidates at a higher level compared to before the surge. It's becoming surprisingly consistent.
After the 32 USD fall to 2 USD, there was a period of 4-5 months where the price hardly budged from [5 USD]( even though there were some periods with very high volume. [June to October last year was also fairly stable (another 4-5 months](
Right now if history is any guide, we're entering the consolidation phase just like in March last year. Will it play out like it has in times past? Who knows, but TBH, we've been battered with nearly every piece of bad news under the sun, so it's difficult to expect that the price can be pounded down any further, I'm still going to put my chips on the price wavering around the 5-8 hundred mark for at lest the next 3 months and that it will be a relatively stable period for some months to come.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:18:26
The best thing is that even if Bitpay drops them, they can still accept Bitcoin and sell them themselves as a last resort, so unlike paypal that can freeze out any merchant/client/competitor, Bitcoin becomes the ultimate equaliser.
@_date: 2014-02-12 11:35:35
[Is Bitcoin Doomed?](
Phew, got me worried there for a second, I thought I'd have to read the article and think for myself, but it's ok, there's a "?" so we can safely ignore the contents and conclude the answer is no.
@_date: 2014-01-05 13:16:33
Listen to these men!^
@_date: 2014-11-28 13:25:42
Hopefully they'll get a nice bump this weekend with black Friday, I've already bought some stuff from there, so it won't be 0 at the very least :).
@_date: 2014-12-29 00:53:19
I haven't upgraded because no-one has released binaries for 13.04 .If the day comes that I must upgrade though, I'll do so, but until then 0.85 is good enough for me.
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:32:41
What? Like how you got [thoroughly downvoted a year ago for your comments]( I'm bored with reruns.
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:02:25
Let's be unambiguously clear. I'm trying to protect others from the very thing that I have also experienced. I've experienced loss of very large amounts of money and it sucks, I've felt the sinking to the pit of your stomach feeling as money that could have improved my life in amazing ways disappears, and I've ranted for years here to everyone to only risk what they can afford to lose. I don't want people to feel like I did, and I *certainly* don't want them to blame Bitcoin, or Bitcoin users for making them feel like Bitcoin is a sure thing or that it is safe as houses, because it damn well isn't. Years now I've been saying time and again to new users and others to not risk more than they are willing to lose.
Bitcoin is risky beyond the realm of pretty much all investments out there, and the barrier to entry is incredibly low, so poor men can become millionaires in a matter of months (if they're incredibly lucky). I have no sympathy for these people though, they are not using Bitcoin because they want to make Bitcoin better, they are in it for themselves, a good number of people here only have Bitcoin to get rich. Don't deny it, greed is a huge driving factor, and because some have supposedly made it big, they gamble it. Maybe they made 1000% on that $50, why not cash out and walk away. No? Ok how about just half? No? Well, what about 10%. No? Hell why not just recoup your initial investment? No? No, they won't, because it is not enough, greed drives them now, not goodwill. They are gambling.
@_date: 2014-12-13 04:03:29
 is also a good analysis of Bitcoin's current volatility.
@_date: 2014-01-15 03:47:46
It could be that they want to get in on the ground floor and be part of the early innovators crowd.
OTOH, they could be employing the tried and true tactic, extend, embrace, extinguish.
If it were a small institution trying to cosy up with Bitcoin I can rationalise it from a competitive perspective, but when a big player starts acting friendly, their motives become far less clear.
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:44:21
lol, you haven't changed, did you even forget our convo from 5 months ago? (you have a  bad memory too it seems), I knew exactly who I was dealing with from the beginning dude. :)
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:06:58
Competition for the block reward makes them more scarce because the difficulty is adjusted to ensure a fixed distribution of coins over time.
The difficulty of mining coins follows the value of the coins on the free market, since miners will only mine if there is profit.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:39:59
Bitcoin will definitely have it's financial fingers in many pies.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:29:59
I wouldn't say, numb, more blase for me. It's like the boy who cried wolf. There's only so many times before I'm gonna call bullshit. Right now, I'm feeling like that. I've seen it happen too many times for me to think of exit strategies and such. And besides, I only invested what I could afford to lose and though it will hurt to lose that amount of money, I still will have everything I had before I started on this journey, so it's a complete non issue to me. If it keeps going down, I might lose a bit, but I keep on going. If it stops working, I've got to find other ways of sending money....
@_date: 2014-10-27 07:54:52
New money doesn't necessarily need to come in, other factors that would push up the price is if more businesses that accept Bitcoins not sell as many back to fiat, or use their bitcoin to settle other debts rather than than switch it back to fiat immediately, another is if more people hold onto their coins rather than spend/sell them, and the other factor that is almost certain to boost the price in the future is the block reward halving in 1.7 years (which is not that far away TBH). I wouldn't consider betting on Bitcoin going down to be a certainty simply because Bitcoin is still subject to it's extreme volatility and unpredictability. As you said, shorting bitcoin works well, until it doesn't.
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:49:31


Bitcoin runs on money. It is not a "system" it is a network that acts as a currency. It will always be the Bitcoin network because that is it's primary function. That will never ever change. And because that is what fundamentally drives the network to function and grow, it will always be a currency first and foremost. All the other features could be taken away and Bitcoin will still function, but you take away the thing that makes it money and it will be a shadow of it's current self. Bitcoin doesn't run on feels, or good will.
Besides, it could do all those things before, it was just a messy approach, this simply neatens things up so it interferes less with what it is actually intended to do, which is act as a currency.
Coloured coins, smart contracts, document stamping, etc. all functions as a layer *on top* of the currency itself, and that's because stocks, contracts, and document hashes of cat pictures make for shitty forms of currency.
@_date: 2014-01-11 18:35:09
You don't give a discount out of the kindness of your heart, you do it do be competitive and to generate more sales. 
Short term, they want more sales now. A discount is good incentive to make people buy. The case for a discount now for more sales now is far stronger than not discounting, because of the fear that Bitcoin will fail later. Very few businesses can compete by shaving off a few more percent off their prices because OS's margins are already tiny. Bitcoin acceptance provides extra competitiveness that pretty much no other company has at their disposal.
Also, the OS CEO is a huge fan of [austrian economics, gold, and an idealistic libertarian](  "I am from the Austrian School of Economics, which means we're the guys who hate fiat money. The long-run value of all fiat money is zero. If you believe in limited government, you want to have a monetary system that is based on something where no government mandarin can just create money with a stroke of a pen. Gold is a solution, we're not going to bring back the gold standard any time soon. We're not going to get rid of the Federal Reserve any time soon, so bitcoin is a step in the right direction.", he's not just doing it because of the hard business case.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:27:43
Though I'm sure some take the advice [I continually peddle here in this sub]( some don't.
They choose to ignore this advice, how many warnings do you want? How many stories of disaster does it take? This is not a new phenomenon but I continually say it, again, and again, yet some people refuse to listen.
**Never risk more than you are willing to lose.**
Am I a dick for saying this? Am I a dick for getting angry at people that continually ignore this advice that I and many others here state, time, and time, and time again?
I get really fucking angry at people that ignore the media's constant screeching of it's volatility, ignore the price fluctuations, the stream of exchange/service failures, and people dump their life savings on Bitcoin anyway. I get angry at people that have literally scoffed at me here for warning them to not store their coins on an exchange (or any online wallet for that matter). I get fucking livid at people that come here claiming that "bitcoin ruined their lives". No bitcoin didn't ruin their lives, they did, by risking more than they could afford to lose.
I am much more sympathetic with those that have accidents, get hacked, or inadvertently lose their coins, but the mantra still applies.
And stop trying to tell us off for being dicks. Some people have gambling problems and the only thing that registers to them are harsh words, because people that got themselves into that situation are gamblers, not investors or rational actors. I personally try not to kick people when they are down, but don't you defend these people for their obvious gambling problem. If the loss of their Bitcoins got them into this situation, then they have a gambling problem and need to seek professional help.
Edit: BTW, if you think I'm shitting on people that lost money you are dead wrong, I also called out [anon_bitcoin_gambler for his greed]( last year for and his reckless behaviour (and to put salt in the wound had users like throwaway-o have [the nerve to tell me off]( ). He is one of the lucky ones that risked his family/marriage/future for a payoff and got it. But I'll be damned if I'll say he chose well, or wisely or any such thing. He gambled and is a dick for putting it all on the line.
@_date: 2014-10-31 14:18:52


There's your answer I think, people don't want honesty, they want the comfortable lie, and they want others to fix their problems.  Unfortunately for them, Bitcoin wasn't around during the last GFC, but when the next one comes, things may shake out very differently.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:52:51
Whelp, there goes my weekend ;)
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:31:35
I think luke will be looking for one of [these right about now](
@_date: 2014-11-03 12:01:02
Botnets have been a constant thorn in the Bitcoin world until ASICs made CPU/GPU mining defunct. Botnets can be as public or as private as they want with their mining, and if they really wanted to they could easily circumvent identification via IP address by broadcasting via TOR, or simply use existing mining pools to transmit the block for them. Mystery miner was only found because they very consistently refused to include any transactions other than the coinbase transaction, and they also solo mined if I remember correctly. Though other pools and miners can refuse to broadcast a block, it will have little effect, and if this occurs the botnet can obfuscate via other means. Botnets also pose a danger to pools as pools have often been unwitting victims of botnets that use legitimate pools as cover for their illegal activities. Often when a pool discovers this and boots them, botnet operators have regularly DDOSed the pool in retaliation. Bitcoin botnet miing software has also been bundled with the [capability to DDOS]( likely to [retaliate against pool operators, or to bring down pools to help lower the difficulty of mining]( as well as to buy time to mine while other pools are down.
Without ASICS to make it unprofitable to hijack machines for mining, we would still have to deal with covert botnets mining secretly on pools and using those same botnets to disrupt legitimate pools to make it easier for the botnet operators to mine. By having ASICs making it unprofitable for botnets, it has removed not only the incentive to mine on hijacked machines, but also has removed the large incentive to DDOS pools and other mining operations.
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:17:54
Have you done a [search?]( I found reams of answers to your question.
Here's a few threads to get you started:
 
[This thread's OP]( thread is particularly good...










































































@_date: 2014-02-17 12:31:45
Yes security too, there are situations where if quantum computing or a flaw in the cryptography used is a viable attack, reused addresses are going to be much more susceptible (but still really hard to crack, so it's just good practice if the worst were ever to happen).
I very much recommend reading the white paper, it is astonishingly readable and only 8 pages. You don't need a CS degree to understand it either.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:36:03
And that gets them into the market, fuck man how does that not compute? They are participating in the Bitcoin market at a shallow level, this benefits Bitcoin's value because it provides extra liquidity when before they never would have participated so the net liquidity would have been less, and the market would have been more susceptible to speculators. This is not rocket science.
I have seen this working first hand and merchants have had nothing but good things to say about it.
@_date: 2014-03-22 10:47:13
Pride comes before the fall.
Enjoy "Coin Validation" when it comes cos, you know Bitcoin is a libertarian network so it'll never take hold.
Also, don't worry your little head over mining centralisation either, Bitcoin's libertarian roots means it can't be subverted by agents with a political agenda. 
51% attacks are also a myth, no-one can change the rules since Bitcoin is born to serve the libertarian cause.
It also knows which miners are statists and communists and punishes them appropriately so they have no chance of controlling/damaging the network.
Bitcoin is fundamentally libertarian after all, the code says so.
@_date: 2014-11-20 01:23:34
Thanks for the clarifications. 
It's hard to peg down any one person to any one achievement since most are collaborations in one way or another. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:24:04
There are a great number of people more deserving than VB IMO. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:06:54
Deflate to zero? Don't you mean deflate to infinity? In any case deflation is largely avoided because each bitcoin has huge amounts of divisibility. Besides deflation is only a problem for debt based currencies, which Bitcoin is not.
If you disagree, then at least explain how you are right, rather than just disagreeing. "deflat[ing] to zero", does not an argument make.


What's keeping the code  from being changed is the [130,000 individual autonomous nodes]( plus/including the miners that verify transactions. Individuals can't simply change the program unless the vast majority agrees. Miners in particular must reach a majority (usually more than 90%) to change the fundamental rules of the network. At the very minimum it must be &gt;50%, this is an inviolable rule of the network. So expect at least 65,000 independant nodes to upgrade before a fundamental change is enacted.
@_date: 2014-09-29 03:54:13
Absolutely, this isn't "grim" this is meh, at worst. I was fully into Bitcoin years ago and this drama right now is fucking lame. People that get into histrionics over the price and still doom and gloom obviously never trudged through the last 4 years of ups and downs to get to this point. People from 2010 were (unrealistically) dreaming of Bitcoin hitting 100 USD ffs (I know I was). 
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:35:00
The trezor will solve many of these issues. But bitcoin is all about having sole control over every aspect of your funds. Some people absolutely want this, and the option to do so is there, others are happy to outsource security, payments, etc. as a trade off for other advantages, like the trezor and merchants outsourcing collection of Bitcoins and getting paid in fiat for example. The Bitcoin ecosystem has demonstrably proven that it grows according to the needs and wants of the community. 
Rome was not built in a day, and Bitcoin will not be on par to the traditional banking systems in just a short couple years. Bitcoin growth is there but it takes time.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:18:07
Yawn. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
Edit: Pretending to be the good guy? SO didn't see that coming. /s Never needed to twist history, the comment history speaks for itself. Start from the beginning? Fuck that, you dug your hole, now sit in it and dig yourself out of it, (with someone else's help of course lol), like I'd even humour your wonderland logic.
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:54:17
Thankyou, but I've already said that I don't have a specific problem with crowdfunding.


I'm talking about projects that proclaim that the only hope of success is to give funders a stake in the project, like Etherium, Mastercoin, etc. so that funders are the ones that gain the most benefit, while non-funders are essentially locked out of the project and punished for not contributing. 
That said, I've also pointed out that crowdfunding systems like tip4commit have created more problems than they have solved.


Theres also a nice RSA video showing how [money is a poor motivator for this type of work.]( 
A pertinent quote from the video, "The best use of money as a motivator, is to pay people enough so that they take the issue of money off the table.". Getting that balance can be very difficult though. You can't simply throw money at the problem.
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:43:36
Good point, I forgot about that :)
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:30:45
This is exactly right, 4 years ago, when I bought Bitcoin to prove a point, I didn't think I'd get the money back (or that Bitcoin would preserve it's value long enough to get it back via buying etc.) because there was a very strong chance Bitcoin could burn out, get shut down, suffer a bug (which had already happened), etc.
Now if I put that same amount of money in, that risk of Bitcoin disappearing is practically gone.
@_date: 2014-12-23 15:22:37
I do agree to a certain degree, new software is not as reliable as software that has resisted the test of time. But isolating the software to a much simpler and restricted chip, is far safer than software running on a PC IMO.  
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:04:50
Exploring the idea of more people doing exactly what he did is something I've thought about too. But I doubt the outcome would be as appealing. If 1,000,000 guys did exactly what he did, it would simply create a huge speculative bubble, and Bitcoin would (rightfully in this instance) earn it's reputation as a pyramid scheme as more and more people pile on, pushing the price up further. Unfortunately these people have no confidence in Bitcoin as a lasting store of value, and because they've risked so much they will be ten times more likely to panic sell. 
The first price jump in 2011 is evidence of that. Many people piled into Bitcoin when Dwolla made it extremely easy to get money into and out of Mt Gox, this is IMO what caused the huge rise. The huge fall was because most were simply in it for quick money, and not because they saw Bitcoin as something to hold onto, which makes perfect sense really because almost no-one was actually accepting Bitcoin for goods and services.
So, if a huge number of people did this, it would simply make Bitcoin more volatile and fill the space with millions of people pumping and dumping. I could be wrong though, it's hard to know how people would react if the market were scaled up. A million guys doing this could propel Bitcoin into the stratosphere where it will stay for decades to come for all we know.... interesting to think about.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:05:44
If you try to bribe the pool operator, you also need to be prepared to bribe the thousand or more other miners working under that pool...
Miners, aren't idiots, they are all rational actors. Bereft of mining pools, the network would almost certainly be far, far, FAR more centralised than what it is currently. Hell, bitcoin may have already been declared dead centrally, without pools.
@_date: 2014-12-18 04:23:16
I don't tell them not to invest/speculate, but all too often people drop far too much money on Bitcoin and then blame everyone but themselves for their loss. Which is why many people including myself, tell those curious to invest to not invest more than they are comfortable with losing.
@_date: 2014-02-03 12:24:30
Monopoly over resources buys not just survival, but also status. It is a survival trait in the sense that those with monopolies can build stronger social ties, have more breeding opportunities, greater safety, care, etc. thus making their chances of survival even more likely.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:40:31
Considering that we can't even look after our planet properly, and still kill each other on a daily basis, I think transcending the human condition is going to stay a dream. 
Money will be around for a long time yet.
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:32:45
Ah, I meant in the sense that sometimes blocks can take up to an hour to be found so I was spinning the most extreme end of the spectrum. That said, I've had transactions settled with 6 blocks in the space of 30 minutes but I decided to be conservative, because even then Bitcoin still looks awesome in comparison :)
@_date: 2014-01-11 18:13:56
I'm definitely looking to to invest. Is now a good time to buy?
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:50:17
Withdrawals of Bitcoins was uncertain both occasions. It was even shadier and more uncertain in 2011 too since Mt Gox was still a fledgling exchange like many others and exchanges back then had a very high chance of being thrown against a wall.
For the last several months people have been vexing over withdrawals from Mt Gox, the writing has been on the wall for close to a year that withdrawals in fiat have been shaky so your friend has had a huge warning that Mt Gox is having trouble meeting their obligations, likewise your friend likely reads the news, and knows of the seizure of the dwolla account and there has been much rumbling here and elsewhere of others over the months getting angry about Mt Gox's service and wishing to take legal action.
I have absolutely no sympathy for your lawyered up friend and his rich buddies, they put their trust in an exchange that has been showing consistently less reliability for months. If you put tens of thousands of dollars in Mt Gox, you are doing so with the full knowledge of the uncertainties. Back in 2011 users had zero warning, and zero options, and everyone got blindsided all at once, not to mention the security breach to user's accounts where they used identical logins. It was also discovered that Gox borked the salting of passwords such that it made it very easy to crack the weak passwords that were used. Everyone's trust in MtGox should have been shattered, yet since everyone's coins were locked up there, once they knew they could trade again they settled back in like nothing happened.
Unlike 2011, I'm sure Mt Gox has a large amount of money to pay their lawyers. I strongly doubt the company is in a vulnerable position like they were in 2011 so I think it is an overreaction to think that all these investigations and talk of suing/legal action will ruin them. They've been doing this for years after all. That said, Mt Gox may never return to the top spot like in times past, I'm fairly certain that era is over.
And besides, if it is a bug that is causing the stalling of withdrawals, I'm fairly certain Mt Gox has got their TOS legalise to cover them.
@_date: 2014-11-04 12:24:09
I agree that deveplers are badly needed, but projects like etherium and it's ilk privatise the development, essentially walling off development to those that are directly paid by those that have the strongest investment in the project. Any outside contribution will be absorbed, with almost zero benefit for others outside the Etherium investment crowd. Crowdfunding is only healthy if it doesn't impose barriers to entry or artificial monopolies. The problem, as I've already said, is that when you have a small group with vested interest in the success of the project, they will have a strong incentive to hide problems, make excuses for delays and do almost anything but admit they are experiencing problems. Tip4commit also highlights how money is a poor motivator in these circumstances, productivity is wasted where people are only there for the money and make it even harder for the project to grow because it is hindered by  those that have no interest in the project and will disappear the minute the money dries up. By imposing artificial monopolies it will only attract developers that have an interest in getting paid, and will drive away any other developers that wish to do it for free, or for the enjoyment/enthusiasm or passion of working on cryptocurrency. 
Tell me, would you contribute to a company's software if you knew they were going to claim it as their own (and actively prevent you from using others contributions to that same software), sell it and share the profit with their shareholders and give you zero credit? I know though that gnu/linux contribution has made businesses from nothing, aided in nearly every facet of computing and is insumountably renound, yet no-one has shares, no-one who contributes is unrecognised, everyone gets to use what others have contributed, and everyone that works on linux is passionate about their work. Thats what a zero barrier to entry, zero monopoly project looks like. Even though they don't get paid, many more companies will pay them to contribute to the codebase because they know they'll collectively benefit from it. Already some core developers are employed by Bitcoin startups, and others have even gone on to create other Bitcoin related projects. 
You need to remind yourself we are still in the innovator phase too, these things will take time. Crowdfunding simply gives you the feeling that progress is being made but it's almost always being done to feather the nests of a few, much like pre-order poison of ASIC mining, or IPO hypes on bitcoin stock sites. 
Ed: Gmaxwell a Bitcoin core dev points out how tip4commit a service that pays people to contribute, has made [life much more difficult for actual developers]( that aren't there for the money as money motivated commiters send frivolous commits slowing down the review process, and will complain if their commits are somehow blocked from being added.
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:21:36
I was talking to the remind me bot. It is you who has broadcast their opinion, not me, I'm putting a reminder to see if your claims pan out, nothing more nothing less. Or are you afraid to be proven wrong? If so you should maybe refrain from broadcasting your opinion in the future...
@_date: 2014-09-27 03:52:13
non-profit organisation if you don't like techcrunch, and it wasn't an analogy, I personally have no beef with how the phrase is used nowadays, but when he penned those words, it is quite obvious given the times back then that he was talking calling out the literal actions of the government who were not looking out for their people's collective interest because they weren't collecting taxes. IOW he was saying that the assembly were being pussys and didn't deserve to govern given how they were letting the Penn family run the show.
Today it is bandied about wrt erosion of freedom of speech, freedom to assembly etc. which is altogether something very different.
Edit: The author linked above is a Senior Fellow in Governance Studies at the Brookings Institution so I'd hardly think he'd be using a "fallacious, unlogical, nonsensical argument" also. Academics on law are usually pretty thorough.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:56:52
Damn straight, and one simply doesn't save forever. One day people are going to either want to spend it on something nice, or want to consolidate their value by making Bitcoin better via investment.
Many people forget that Bitcoin is not a sure bet and that those with thousands of Bitcoins are taking a huge risk, so it is in their interest to improve bitcoin's value, the network, and so on to make sure Bitcoin stays valuable.
@_date: 2014-02-18 13:08:07


I think you will find it is the opposite. Frictionlessness in the market also means that value will gravitate away from alts to Bitcoin unless they actually offer something substantially better than the Bitcoin protocol. 
There's a reason why the internet still runs on flakey, old tech, that can no longer scale like ipv4 and the entire world is still struggling to migrate to ipv6. 
The best case scenario for most alts is they'll find a niche that keeps them relevant, and alleviates pressure on the Bitcoin network somehow. At this stage it is very doubtful any alt now, or into the future is going to outpace Bitcoin in adoption, innovation, and reputation.
@_date: 2014-10-09 07:59:57
He actually said that too. Pointing out they are far more likely to be receiving "pallets of money from allies" than using Bitcoin.
One thing he had to emphasise a number of times was that the senators all assumed the transactions were hidden and anonymous, and had to constantly point out that the blockchain is transparent and everything is transmitted in the clear as it were.
I was incredibly surprised by how receptive and open minded the senators were, fully 90% of the senators were extremely interested and were far more focused on the positive aspects, than the negative. They genuinely wanted to get to grips with Bitcoin but also were not obsessed with the perceived negative aspects to the point that they saw Bitcoin as a threat. I think Andreas did an excellent job at allaying their concerns and helping them better understand Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:21:18
If you have nothing of substance to add then you have nothing to add to the discussion.
Having read your babbling tirades, I am satisfied you have the articulation of a child. Start acting like an adult, and I will start treating you like one.
@_date: 2014-09-22 17:04:22
Hate to say it, but it's exactly why I also steer clear of it. Maybe they thought they were being cool and edgy, but it demonstrated a lack of maturity and common sense. Naming is a crucial aspect of a project since it sets the context of everything that gets associated with it. 
People might play it down but they don't appreciate the power words convey, eg. the patriot act is not called the wiretap everyone act for a reason. Amir et al. for all their brilliance, still don't appreciate the power words have on a populace, and how it can be very easily twisted and used against you when not chosen carefully.
@_date: 2014-01-11 18:51:24
Coinbase doesn't order your product. Coinbase is not snapcard. You order it. You use the Overstock site, you order from them, tell them your details, etc. You pay Bitcoin on the site. It doesn't matter what happens to the money after you've paid. The deal is already done.
That is undeniably accepting Bitcoin as payment.
Twisting it to make it seem like they don't is lame. By that notion we can deconstruct all sorts of other things too. I'm sure you'd say that a business accepts XYZ gift cards, even though the cards are derived from a third party. You wouldn't say the business doesn't accept XYZ gift cards because the business has an agreement with the gift card producer to reimburse them USD when the card is used.
It is silliness.
@_date: 2014-03-24 12:23:14
Actually, I remember an exchange doing this in the past. I'm not sure if it actually worked though. I know they did keep running for a while afterwards.
It's not the best business model, but when options are limited and the damage is not catastrophic, it may be an option.
@_date: 2014-10-17 03:32:51
I've been a part of it since 2010 and it has been one hell of a ride. I liken it to the gold rushes of old. First people are picking up nuggets off the ground, then panning, then the shovel sellers come and then the first wave or hopefuls arrive, then the bickering, thefts, big windfalls, etc. Then after the shovel sellers, come the general stores, taverns, and more seedier enterprises. 
One could also liken it to the Cambrian explosion, all manner of dumb, smart, insane, conservative, and careful experiments were all seen as viable back then. People were very loose and fast to trust when they spent their bitcoins and many had less brains than sense. A lot were still fixated on investing their bitcoin in order to acquire more like we do with traditional money but most that did were suckered by scams, the rising price (ironically holding would have made ten times more than investing/trading back then, and miners also fell victim to this too) or were simply relieved of them because they were completely naive about security. Mining from CPU to GPU to FPGA to ASIC was an extraordinary transformation and was innovation in it's purest form, and is one of the things that I will remember the most. There was huge transformation in mining and underpins much of the first few years.
Big names in Bitcoin right now were simply well known faces in the crowd back then, some that were trusted back then are now infamous/pariahs, and others that played a huge hand in the early days and were well known are now hardly ever mentioned. Bitcoin has taught me a huge amount about communities and about the nature of money, so I'm immensely glad I got to share in the early days.
I'm also very glad we've moved past those days, it was extremely volatile, and fraught with hackers/scammers/trolls, and those that had bitcoins back then, unless they were die hard holders that were super careful about securing their coins, usually lost them pretty quickly (or were just lucky to have slipped through the net of hackers preying on people's wallets). Those were interesting times.
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:39:44
Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-11-18 01:03:20
Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-10-03 04:00:42
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
^^^^^sorry, ^^^^^I'll ^^^^^put ^^^^^it ^^^^^back ^^^^^now ^^^^^┬─┬◡ﾉ(°-°ﾉ)
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:06:02


To be fair, you are right but you still said.


So I'd happily class that as untenable/supersceded as far as a viable payment method is concerned. By the tone of your post you seemed to write of Bitcoin completely and thought it only fit a few niche use cases. But I personally think that is wrong. 
The difference between the file sharing analogy and Bitcoin is that money in the financial sector has zero room to innovate because they are already stretched to breaking point (there's a tldr; at the bottom if you want the short answer.). In short, they have crippling debt and they can't really do anything to fix it. Absolutely zero countries will want to allow the flow of capital out out their borders, thus why I directed you to Venezuela. And it's not simply the poor down and out countries either. China sees capital leakage as a huge problem that must be stopped. Europe (the Eurozone specifically) has already shown they are more than ready to issue bail-ins, and are already in the advanced stages of [controlling capital movements]( (eg. [Greece's max euro withdrawal limits]( ). Capital is being frozen all over the world under the [guise of pursuing tax evasion]( even America has essentially made their [citizens toxic to foreign banks]( it is bleedingly obvious that Governments need every penny to stay within their borders when the huge debt crunch comes. Making money easier and cheaper to move is the exact opposite of what they want. They want the money to stay exactly where it is and they want people to use the little they get each day to spend like good little consumerists within their borders and those that don't are punished with huge fees if they want to move it offshore. 
I wish I was making this shit up but the fact is you live in a financial system that is battening down the hatches as we speak and they are trying to fix and revamp the system behind closed doors, or under the guise of more savory explanations like "tax evasion" or "money laundering". They are paralyzing as much capital as they can and eradicating as many tax havens as possible so that when the financial crisis truly comes, there will be no run-on-the-bank scenario. You might wave it away or laugh it off but I am absolutely certain that there are very bad things in store for the world's economy.
Bitcoin is the financial system's elephant in the room, and no big government wants to assist it in any way to make it more integrated or more accessible, nor will they want to compete with it, they simply want it to go away and silently disappear, and they certainly don't want to kill it off (not that they can) because that would be like killing the canary in the coal mine. Unfortunately not all governments, banks or big businesses are on board (especially the small ones that will simply be collateral damage) and so we're going to see more and more break ranks to join Bitcoin because it may be the only liferaft that will keep them afloat during the financial crisis to come. If even one government actually declares Bitcoin a one of their sovereign units of account things could get incredibly interesting, because that would essentially catapult it into foreign currency status worldwide and every banks would be either forced to accept it, or actively take action against Bitcoin. But I digress...
If you still don't believe me, here's a list of all the [central banks that have broken their silence to actually warn people not to use Bitcoin](
[New Zealand](
And the list goes on. These are all articles or directs statements from central banks warning people not to use Bitcoin and the reason they are only warning people not to use them is for the reasons stated above, because outlawing something that is meant to be completely legal would see the shit hit the fan. For governments Bitcoin is about as easy to ban as the internet and they know it, which is why they are being incredibly .... *rigorous* with Bitcoin exchanges.
Sorry for the wall of text, I just had to get it out of my system :)
tldr; the banks/governments have crippling debt and they can't really do anything to fix it, they are trying to avoid capital loss at all costs so there's no way in hell they'll try to make money as easy to move, or as cheap to move as Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 08:25:55
This was asked the last, "crash", and the one before it, and the one before that.... people from day one have *constantly* used Bitcoin's volatility to raise doubts over whether it can be used for normal commerce.
The first "crash", people weren't using it to buy anything, it was a purely speculative market, with only a tiny amount of legitimate commerce, the second time there were some small businesses accepting it, fast forward to now, big businesses listed on the stock exchange are integrating acceptance. So over the years the trend has clearly defied your doubts over whether people are interested in using Bitcoin.
Bottom line is, the system and markets are co-existing and adoption is increasing, both client and merchant sides. Volatility is less severe with every coming year and will improve. This is not an excuse to buy more Bitcoins though, only invest what you can afford to lose. 
You need to be looking at the fundamentals, like:
Is there a bug that will undermine the value of coins in the network or severely disrupt the network?
Are exchanges shutting down/being shut down left, right and centre?
Are masses of merchants closing their doors to Bitcoin?
Are new merchants and organisations accepting Bitcoin drying up, or going backwards as I mentioned in my previous question?
Is there a worldwide ban on Bitcoin being orchestrated (IOW are big governments making Bitcoin illegal to use)?
Are developers losing interest in Bitcoin related projects?
Are VCs pulling out their investments/closing their wallets to new Bitcoin startups?
Are new projects being canned/shelved because of the price of Bitcoin going down (like the Open Bazaar project activity slowing, or wallet/core development ceasing)?
Is the mining hashrate falling precipitously? 
Is the transaction rate falling?
If you can answer yes to most of these questions, then Bitcoin is in big trouble, if not, then you're going to have to accept the fact that Bitcoin is going through one of it's down phases as it has done in the past, and is almost certainly not dying. I hate to break it to you, but this is normal for Bitcoin and has happened a number of times in the past too.
I've been watching Bitcoin avidly for 4+ years, and have seen the market's tantrums many times now. I advise you to not invest more than you are willing to lose, and take it easy. Bitcoin is IMHO going berserk right now (in a good way as it thoroughly shakes out the weak hands) and this paranoid fear is (unfortunately) normal too since people continually overextend their financial positions, then panic when things like this happen. Bitcoin is still useful regardless of the price (it was useful 3+ years ago too when the price was only 2 USD/BTC and the market cap was a piddly 3 million), the price only matters to people that are overinvested, or trading on a daily basis. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:38:24
She tried to destroy a poor man's personal life for her own personal ambition. If the worst she gets is to be publicly told off and breaks down on camera, then it might serve as a good example for others to leave the real Satoshi Nakamoto the fuck alone. I personally think she's getting off light for her (and her publisher's) despicable behaviour.
It should be noted that this is something Newsweek and Leah created for themselves. Dorian Nakamoto was just living his own peaceful life until these asshats came along.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:14:32
$600 was fantasyland stuff.
(sorry, I've been involved in Bitcoin for a helluvalong time, trying to dismiss it by poo-pooing the current price is pretty meaningless as a valid point to me)
^^$500 ^^was ^^also ^^fantasyland ^^stuff.
^^^$100 ^^^was ^^^also ^^^fantasyland ^^^stuff.
^^^^$50 ^^^^was ^^^^also ^^^^fantasyland ^^^^stuff.
^^^^^$10 ^^^^^was ^^^^^also ^^^^^fantasyland ^^^^^stuff.
^^^^^^$2 ^^^^^^was ^^^^^^also ^^^^^^fantasyland ^^^^^^stuff.
^^^^^^Yes, ^^^^^^I've ^^^^^^been ^^^^^^into ^^^^^^Bitcoin ^^^^^^for ^^^^^^a ^^^^^^while
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:22:25
I agree 100%. The difference between 2 weeks ago and today is one company. And everyone has seemed to already have decided Mt Gox's circumstances before even knowing what Gox's current technical, financial and managerial status is. I have not seen one shred of hard evidence that Gox is currently insolvent, nor have we gotten an announcement that funds have been stolen. All of this is still 100% speculation AFAIK. In any case, the network is not about to collapse, nor are companies washing their hands of Bitcoin (the opposite in fact), nor has there been a worldwide governmental crackdown.
Tell that to a naysayer and they'll accuse you of being ignorant, having your head in the sand or being delusional. The hysteria here is the kind of shit I see in those trashy gossip magazines. It's overblown, neurotic BS, and the worst thing is people eat it up and ask for more. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:11:59
A blockchain's power is it's decentralisation and the fact that no single entity can control the network at any one time, this is the pinnacle of what makes the Bitcoin network powerful, take that away and you've got a central banking model. Anyone can make a blockchain, but they are worthless without a huge amount of hashing power securing it. By premining, you strip the incentive for miners to mine. No incentive, no miners, if the government pays the miners, it's already centralised, compounding that, if you are paying miners you can force them to do things you want, if that's the case, then it's exactly like the central banking model. If the government get's to choose or "approve" miners, it's centralised just like the central banking model again.
tl;dr If you centralise mining or supply control, you've got a central banking model and you're wasting your time even considering a blockchain.
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:38:42
Never risk more than you can afford to lose.
Muwahahahaha! ;)
@_date: 2014-02-10 02:58:27
As Bitcoin scales up there will be supernodes, and it's likely that these will be necessary for everyone to get the pieces of the blockchain they need. But that doesn't mean that noone else will be supplying the blockchain. Just like bittorrent has seeders that have the entire torrent and peers only have partials (but confirmed parts of the whole), both will be used, in all likelihood the people with partial blockchain downloads will be depended on first, and if the data can't be found then the supernode will step in to fill in the gaps. There's no reason why lite nodes can't supply the data if they have it, and they may very well be used to decentralise storage and be capable of recreating the entire blockchain when necessary.
The network will likely become more centralised depending on how supernodes get rolled out, but I highly doubt that it will introduce a weakness in the infrastructure.
@_date: 2014-03-24 12:48:41
Only difference is I never asked for your opinion (or cared), but you sure as hell wanted to give it.
@_date: 2014-09-26 07:28:52


That's what he said.
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:50:40
No offence. Just marking it for shits and giggles.
RemindMe! march
@_date: 2014-10-05 16:15:21
All currencies, inflate to infinity, because no human can resist the temptation to inflate. We've had literally thousands of years to learn our lesson, and guess what, we're still hooked on inflation and debt, all governments want growth to out do the competition. It's a simple fact.
Inflation allows governments to scoop the cream of growth off the top of their economy so they get first dibs on that increase in value when they print the new dollars, no other reason. Inflation isn't good for an economy, it is only good for governments, because the trickle down effect of all those fresh crisp zeros aren't felt until after they're spent. Government wins, by buying more at the expense of everyone else that has to adjust to the glut of new cash.
This keeps governments, and the rich on top, and the poor exactly where government wants them. Bitcoin at least passes the benefits of growth directly to users, and bypasses the farcical government mandated inflation at the people's expense and when adjustments to the economy occur, Bitcoin is at least honest about them, rather than being hidden behind "independent" organisations that manage that money on the government's behalf.
@_date: 2014-12-31 14:40:01
I think he was being facetious ;)
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:15:31
A bereft of any future revenue stream, no?
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:49:17
Yes, and as soon as a bad guy hijacks the pool the hash-rate will vanish like sand through his fingers as miners scatter to all the other pools.
@_date: 2014-01-21 10:14:28
I agree, but it seems a shame that poor old doge needs to be the guinea pig when there are far more egotistical chains that I'd like to see disappear. I hope I'm wrong but dogecoin might be the quickest to burn itself out since it hamstring's itself in so many ways, the block interval of 60 seconds means transactions will need to be a constant avalanche to accrue compensation equivalent to the block reward (and if not that will reduce transactions even further as the tx fee rises to compensate, further dissuading users to transact), the minting of every single coin so soon (a block halving every 3 months is madness) gives the value per coin very little time to accrue to compensate (and reach a stable level), it also means that a small market cap means it will be useless except for the most trivial of trades, further reducing it's utility and reach. And the avalanche of transactions needed to compensate the block reward will bloat the blockchain unless it becomes a mostly speculative store of value (because that would mean that most transactions would happen off-chain on the exchanges).
So much about this alt is wrong, it's almost like it has been designed to fail as quickly as possible. *puts on tinfoil hat*
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:47:06
I don't think this would be very productive. It may eventually happen but I think most businesses would consider it still too volatile.
However, encouraging those same businesses to offer to pay their employees in Bitcoin is probably going to be more useful, since this closes the economic loop. People pay in bitcoins, employee at same business receives a small part of their salary in Bitcoin (on request), then that person uses it to buy something else, and the cycle continues.
When more of this happens on a regular basis, Bitcoin will have finally arrived.
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:29:16
@_date: 2014-11-18 14:41:22
Because if a friend exposes the keys I know the circumstances when they are swept, I know exactly who owns the coins and if I want to stay friends I'd be well served to deliver them safely back to my friend, while also lecturing him on the finer details of Bitcoin security (same as [Matt Miller's circumstances]( But in OP's case, he doesn't know the circumstances of those coins or the legitimate owner. I already covered this in detail.












Just like in the above circumstance if the lost dog was a friend's dog, of course I'd return the dog to them because I know the dog is legitimately theirs, this is a no-brainer, but I'm under no obligation after finding an unknown lost dog to go out of my way to reunite a dog that could in fact be a stray or the property of an owner that was not smart enough or compassionate enough to keep their dog secure so that this situation could be avoided.
@_date: 2014-03-24 12:57:40
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:31:07
I agree with everything but your first point, and people seem to say [this a lot]( but it's simply not true. OP in the previous link whined that his thread was being downvoted by fanboys, but even though it was a rehash of previous bad news, it still got to the front page with ease.
Bad news on Bitcoin is reported here, and elsewhere.
A lot.
That is not to say that there are no giddy dreamers upvoting with reckless abandon and always "to the mooning" and high-fiving each other, but bad news gets more than it's fair share in the spotlight, media outlets, this subreddit included, sprayed everyone with the Mt Gox collapse, hell, this subreddit had 20 something threads just on the Mt Gox bankruptcy. People upvoted that stuff, if the vast majority were in denial then why so many upvotes? Bitcurex, the polish exchange, blockchain going down, innumerable other unfortunate events certainly got my attention, it's not like it was hidden from the front page or anything. 
I go to a number of other sources other than this subreddit, so using this as being representative of all Bitcoin related news is not a fair assessment. Reddit is one source of thousands of other independents media companies, picking on this subreddit as having the power to sway world opinion with a couple hundred upvotes is kinda laughable, I'm sure this subreddit has some sway, but not *that* much.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:48:02
Launder 1 million, get jail time. Lose 400 million, just let the lawyers and bankrupt trustees handle things.
@_date: 2014-11-09 06:56:33
If a poster cries wolf enough times, it's hardly surprising that people label them a troll and turn on them when they try to contribute to serious discussion.
If trolls want to troll the majority of the time, they should expect to be ignored when they try to say something serious, this isn't the public's fault. The public is not obligated to give them equal attention when these posters waste others' time and patience.
In any case, trolling is not censored here by the mods, so it hardly constitutes groupthink when trolls still get to post in this sub.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:10:49
True, I meant more in relation to it hurting Bitcoin use in Australia. Damn frustrating though. They had a golden moment to make a sensible call that could have been beneficial for everyone and instead they shot themselves in the face with retarded reasoning. Now if I want to buy more Bitcoin, I'll have a 10% incentive to buy them from overseas exchanges/brokers, even if it's going to be more difficult I'd rather do that than give the government 10%, 10% that they don't deserve at all. If I wanted to buy 1000 AUD worth, even a wire overseas would still turn out cheaper than using Coinjar now. :( As murbul said, this is some bullshit.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:20:40
There are a few rare examples of what it would look like if transactions that were normally handled internally were processed on the blockchain instead.
Take a look into [Satoshi dice]( It is a gambling site, but what you mention is very similar to what they did. Every bet was signed to an address and resolved on the blockchain.
The downside was that it spiked the number of transactions on the network a huge amount. Settling a trade by signing the coins to other parties every time would not be feasible, it would be much slower and would bloat the blockchain a huge amount.
Instead exchanges assume control of all the Bitcoins and have their own internal ledger (this can make a site incredibly susceptible to hacking, and why many businesses are failing because their security simply can't keep up/hold up against hacking attempts). Then come withdrawal time, the transactions takes place on the blockchain again.
@_date: 2014-10-23 17:27:35
I hope that none of them see it coming until it is too late too.
Their world-view is truly toxic.
@_date: 2014-02-03 08:04:27
Those that label others in order to invalidate their opinions and to use those labels as a way to excuse and rationalise acting like aresholes to others here. This is the real problem. 


Labelling a group in a negative context is a [form of dehumanising]( You are not addressing an argument logically, or presenting a fact in a forum where a free exchange of ideas can take place. You are trying to be right by demonising and dehumanising a group so you can mistreat them, and feel superior. Even worse, is that people try to excuse this behaviour by claiming it is some form of free speech. I find it damaging to a great number of discussions here and is some of the reason why a great number of people feel this place is so hostile.
I see this a lot by the more fanatic ideologists on both sides, calling a person a "statist", a "libertarian nutjob", "clueless liberal" or whatever, is toxic to any constructive discussion.
Satoshi had only one beef that we can confirm through his discussions with others, and that was with existing monetary policy. He modelled Bitcoin after gold in many respects but he never stated it was based on some political or ideological philosophy. That is what others have tried to interpret his actions as. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 03:41:11
People already support a system (fiat) with widespread inequality and suffering, and it is enforced down the barrel of a gun. You are forced to settle debts, pay taxes etc. with that money and you don't get to disagree. Bitcoin is 100% *voluntary*, and I might also point out that no-one that got rich with bitcoin did nothing to get it. They had to ride through at least 3 sharp rises and falls with no safety net to be able to reap the benefits, and the more they risked of their own money the more they gaqined/lost. It's funny how some demonise people that make a profit with Bitcoin but also turn around and mock/criticise those that lose big-time with Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is far more fair than anything else right now, as said, banks can print infinite fiat, so they will always control 99.999% of all money at all times, and can do so at a whim, with Bitcoin, if you want to accrue more Bitcoin, or help increase it's value, you'll have to do it the old fashioned way, through hard work. And Bitcoin can't be gamed by any one entity to enrich themselves at the cost of others, if Bitcoin rises in value, *every* person's bitcoin rises in value proportional to their risk (how many coins they control). I'd say that's pretty damn fair IMO.
@_date: 2014-10-31 08:26:31
I agree side/tree chains, at least on paper, seem like an excellent idea, and it solves a multitude of problems. If doing something like implementing side chains is not only viable, but also creates secure alts that can piggy-back the Bitcoin network, it will be a fantastic development. Alts can innovate while being secure, they won't undermine Bitcoin's value/mining and will shake out a huge number of pump/dump alts, while also making useful alts more valuable without making them a direct competitor to Bitcoin itself. It will also spur alt innovation and not make people that want to invest in alt as susceptible to scams. And being able to peg and alt where you can unpeg back to Bitcoin again will stem the incredibly wasteful burning of coins which I personally consider to be a ludicrous exercise.
Instead of seeing blockchain development fracturing, everyone could co-exist on the same team again. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:25:33
Think of Bitcoin addresses as almost the same as notes and coins in a traditional wallet. You have lots of them and each has an assigned value, but they can be use in combination or further split up as you need them.
Just like you put notes and coins in your wallet, a Bitcoin wallet contains lots of addresses with different bitcoin values assigned to them.
Strictly speaking you'll only ever need the private key, since the public key can be derived from the private key itself.
@_date: 2014-02-12 15:01:25
Nice find. Looks like other people are thinking the same thing.
@_date: 2014-11-01 02:01:48
When something is brought up about QE, Applypay, Credit card info being hijacked, Bank accounts being shut down, etc. It is usually brought up in the context that it generates discussion about how Bitcoin works better/worse. 
Cyprus bail ins was on the face of it a completely devoid of Bitcoin content, but it generated robust discussion about how Bitcoin could have aided those with frozen bank accounts. Like is said in my previous post:


@_date: 2014-11-25 06:20:08
Oh yes, they're [recovering nicely]( with all that [extra money](
@_date: 2014-08-23 14:23:14
I think that is always the can of worms/elephant in the room that many proponents of a multipurpose POW either ignore or wave away. I think people still don't appreciate just how useful Bitcoin really is yet, on the blockchain level it can do far more than simply act as a mechanism for exchange, instead people get bogged down by trying to "improve" the POW and try to belittle POW as little more than a wasteful byproduct rather than realising just how intrinsic it's functioning is for the revolutionary and innovative blockchain that rides on top of it.
For the network to be as decentralised as it is (which is completely decentralised to the very core) it can only depend on one thing, and that is computational power. Only by being able to mathematically verify that a computer (or bunch of them) did a certain amount of work over a period of time can you trust the veracity of any one party, and this mathematical work that can be proven (thus the term Proof Of Work), by extension is the yardstick by which trust is measured in a completely decentralised network, you need them to do something that can't be faked so that you know the node has a vested interest in the network and isn't some malicious party spamming/spoofing the network for the hell of it (that's where the SHA256 hashing function comes in), in grossly simplified terms, you can't fake the result of a prime number for example (it's either a prime or it isn't, a computer can't manufacture or spoof a prime because it adheres to mathematical principles), so if a group of computers that didn't trust each other said, we'll all search for a prime number between the range of X and Y where primes had never been searched before, and for the first one that finds one, we'll all agree to let them have a reward (the block reward), that way we all get an equal share because eventually we'll get an equal balance of the rewards based on the amount of work we do, each computer would have to test every single number in that range in order to find one, but it is impossible to know which is prime or not unless each one is tested, and once a computer knows, and tells everyone else (which is what happens when a miner broadcasts a block), they'll be able to confirm this, the great thing about primes is that it's actually insanely easy to confirm, you simply divide it by itself and if the result is zero, bam, you have a prime, so if all the computers needed to confirm a prime is a prime they wouldn't need to search the entire search space again, they'd just check that one number's properties and then would be satisfied. Bitcoin works similar to that mechanism, it solves mathematical problems that are hard to find, but dead easy to confirm once found, and it does it in a predictable manner that can very easily scale up (which is where Bitcoin's difficulty and propagation window comes in, the hash function can be easily tweaked to be more or less difficult based on a predetermined, synchronised consensus). I personally would *love* a POW that can do exactly what it does now, which is serve as an extremely strong hashing function that behaves in very specific ways, and could also serve another non-security specific purpose. Unfortunately this opens up a huge raft of problems/conficts.
One is preserving POW security, and preserving non-POW use. Choosing something that can serve as a secure hashing mechanism for POW and serve it's non-POW purpose would inevitably compromise one function in order to allow the other to exist. If the POW hashing mechanism failed but the non-POW purpose continued to function it would likely destroy both as the POW would need to be fixed before the non-POW could continue, since it piggy-backs the value which is backed by the POW functionality, and fixing it may destroy the non-POW purpose in the process, thus making it just another alt, and in all likelihood a failure since it's essence for existing was to supply something other than transactions security. Also the likelihood that you could find a function that performs like that would be incredibly unlikely, or if you did, it's usefulness would be incredibly narrow. The thing that seems to trip everyone up is that solutions must be discovered at a predictable rate so that the propagation window occurs every 10 minutes on average (and can be adjusted as needed). SHA256 can do this, but it is a highly specialised function, if you start adding other very selective criteria that have little to no relation to the other functionality (and it must be an atomic function no less), the complexity will expand tremendously. Finding a hashing function that can perform completely unrelated tasks as a combined process, which is stable, robust and meet the incredibly specific and arbitrary non-POW use case as well as the POW use case is probably going to be a nigh on impossible challenge. Finding one function that can secure Bitcoin transactions is challenging enough, asking it to do more than that is simply unreasonable and people obviously haven't done the numbers.
@_date: 2014-03-24 17:51:51
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:40:07
Funny, you say.


And in the other post, then say, 


So, which is it? Am I discounting your rubbish as babble or addressing your points in a logical yet critical manner? You can't have it both ways, my internet chum, pick a stance and stick with it, eh? 
Be careful, you're sounding more and more like [Vizzini]( by the minute.
@_date: 2014-09-20 03:18:46
Yeah, it was a scary time the first time it happened. Nearly 95% of the ATH value stripped away and all the media smugly saying "We told you so!". It was the only time my confidence in Bitcoin was rattled. Every time since though I've become less and less rattled by price changes, even changes on the up side. The media, rather wisely tends to steer clear of dooming and glooming Bitcoin nowadays (though there are still some that never learn) because they have been proven wrong so many times. Nowadays when people cry wolf over the price my eyes glaze over. There's just too much infrastructure, and community support for it to puff out of existence over price fluctuations.
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:14:27


Yep, and in a couple decades it will be closer to 5%, if he even owns that much. 


*So* many people forget this simple fact, yet when countries like Japan print an eye wateringly large amount of extra money and can continue ad infinitum people just explain it away like it's expected.
@_date: 2014-08-08 13:15:35
The real world comparison is you buy an ice cream with a $100 note and get $97 back, and in this case the seller also knows what money you have left. Credit cards are even worse since they can literally reach in and take as much as they like if they wanted, and open you to the risk that they lose that info or it gets stolen and then used by a malicious user.
I share some of your concern, but in reality it simply comes down to prudent use of addresses, such as always avoiding reuse, splitting money among addresses as much as possible, and where possible selectively using addresses that help obfuscate your spending. Things like coinjoin should help a lot with this, as well as more sophisticated wallets that automatically mix, and manage coins in ways that helps obfuscate spending more. These things are coming, it just takes time and patience.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:47:42
Damn, 1/7th of your money's value gone in 40 years. 1 USD in 1963 is worth 0.14 cents in 2008.
Woe be to any person that saves in the long term.
@_date: 2014-10-05 13:27:31


Laaaaaaaaaaaame. Last I checked people still have free will, no-one is going to hold Bitcoin responsible like government's are held responsible for their currency Bitcoin is never forced on anyone, either deal with it, or step aside.


If people like the alt-ernatives, and they did their jobs properly like fiat, or CCs then Bitcoin would never have made it out of Satoshi's sourceforge page, and if it didn't work as a decentralised ledger, no-one would still be talking about it and hating on it like yourself. But don't let me stop you picking on the greedy and reckless ones, you're doing a good job keeping the more jittery away from Bitcoin atm since it's only ready for hardened, and educated users. 
@_date: 2014-08-10 05:00:28
Preferably casino dice, as many standard dice are not [truly random]( I bought some casino dice online for just such a purpose so that I can create wallet seeds with highly random numbers that isn't compromised by bad RNG function implementations.
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:16:12


I never said it was simply scarce, I also said "As the network is more used" which means that the Bitcoin network becomes more useful. Something that is scarce and useful is valuable.
@_date: 2014-10-21 02:12:14
Holding people responsible for others that can't control themselves is a complete cop-out. 
If you want to save people from themselves, go right ahead but don't think that calling people that act responsibly, or promote healthy self control as "dicks" is going to help these people that lack self control. It is obvious that you hide your contempt for Bitcoin users by hiding behind the self-righteous "think of the children" BS.
How about instead of protecting the weak from all the "bad" people promoting responsible behaviour, you give these irresponsible users a hard dose of reality instead of portraying them as victims of scammers like you want to believe we all are here. You won't though because that would mean you'd be tacitly endorsing Bitcoin and wouldn't fit the narrative.
Trolls like yourself that use this ploy are cowards, hiding behind people that are hurting and using that suffering as a means to fling shit at responsible users.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:46:50
Thanks! Glad I could bring some levity. :) 
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:26:35
Dave is very well known and has a solid reputation, good luck OP!
@_date: 2014-12-13 18:14:48
I disagree, there was definitely a shake out, the get-rich-quick (the weak hands) crowd saw that the price wasn't going to skyrocket and so have largely stayed away or bailed, and this has left the more dedicated user base that finds Bitcoin useful and beneficial for reasons other than the price. This has given the Bitcoin ecosystem time to establish a strong foundation, free of rampant hype and unrealistic expectations.
It has given Bitcoin a chance to work in the shadows again and allow for the ecosystem to grow slowly, so it can work on problems, build new features, establish new markets and applications, allow governments to adjust to Bitcoin etc. it also meant that speculators have not been badly burnt by the price rising 1000% again and then plummeting after the hype dies away. 
Bitcoin hasn't had a great year WRT price, or the string of Bitcoin business failures, scams, hacks, etc. but it has been great for allowing Bitcoin to mature and for new markets, applications, investments, services, adoption etc. to slowly grow and mature.
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:15:14
All good, I'm glad my contributions are valued :)
@_date: 2014-03-25 06:59:51
Also not touching keypads at POS terminals and ATMs.
@_date: 2014-01-12 02:31:29
The good news is this is inevitable. Expect Honduras to be one of the first by around mid-year. A guy called Edan Yago has been working with Honduras to create autonomous economic zones, where Bitcoin denominated commerce is fully legal. I'm looking forward to it.
@_date: 2014-11-19 02:44:59
Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:22:11
["Buy when there's blood in the streets, even if the blood is your own."](
I've been her for 4+ years, but the adage stays the same, never risk more than you can afford to lose, also, @_date: 2014-10-31 07:49:12
I personally see them come hand in hand, thwarting tax evasion and money laundering go hand in hand with capital controls but stemming a financial crisis by preventing the abandonment of one currency for another also utilises those same capital controls. Saying that you are implementing capital controls for one is a convenient excuse to address the other without rousing suspicion. Essentially wave around money laundering/tax evasion as the excuse for increased capital controls while avoiding admitting that it is actually because governments/banks are doing it to paralyse capital for the next huge bail in when the shit hits the fan.
When Cyrprus style bail-ins occur as countries begin defaulting one after another, having a single backbone that can essentially prevent capital from escaping countries where the bail-ins occur will be invaluable. Plundering tax havens is just common sense when there's nothing left in the coffers, making everyone universally poor means only the governments/banks are in a position of power where they can reset the board according to their liking, since they control all the money. Once all the money is seized and nothing can go in/out, the people are at their mercy.
I'll admit I'm not 100% sold on wikipedia's justifications for capital controls either, but capital controls is a classic way of controlling a country's economic policy, because without them they create uncertainty about the money supply. If money can move in/out without the country's direct intervention and say so, it makes it harder to make policy decisions or lend, but it also means that people can abandon the country's currency en masse just like a run on the bank and countries that are in very poor economic health are the one's most likely to implement such controls to prevent that from happening.
To see 51+ countries essentially banding together to conspire to control the wealth among their nations (and 30+ more waiting in the wings) is extremely worrying because it indicates that all of them have something to benefit from preventing money leaving their borders. A country with a very healthy economy would welcome money from any country because this will only help bolster economic growth and via foreign investment. Money coming in is easily taxed since it always lands in a bank account under the country's sovereign control, taxing assets only becomes a problem when the money is leaving. Capital controls only makes reasonable sense when the capital is leaving, not when it is entering.
Edit: corrected number of countries involved in this conspiracy.
@_date: 2014-01-29 14:11:35
I firmly believe money laundering is the boogey man the government rolls out because they simply want to control the flow of money so they can ensure nobody avoids paying taxes. This can be for capital controls, but mainly it's taxes. Money laundering is a great excuse to implement controls that are almost identical to controls that thwart tax evasion. When there are controls put in place in the name of money laundering, nobody cares, but if it were put in place to force people to pay taxes, it would hardly be as popular, or tolerated.
anti-moneylaundering laws == anti tax evasion laws dressed up so people tolerate it because "think of the chioldren!".
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:00:05
Add Herrfitzl to the list, he was operating as mrbigot last week.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:48:59
I'm not chiding you, I'm pointing out that most people don't actually realise that this market is unregulated. Unregulated money of this nature is virtually unheard of. If you want change to how exchanges operate, people are going to have to behave differently. People still put huge amounts of trust into exchanges and never question it. People need it drummed into them that this is not play money and that if they want change they'll actually have to stop using exchanges like banks. 
If you want exchanges to lift their game, stop using exchanges that act like dicks to their customers, and instead support those that go out of their way to make operations safer for their customers and make it harder for them to manipulate markets. Unfortunately these exchanges don't really exist yet so the only thing you can do is take personal responsibility for the security of your money, and continue to rant for safer exchanges until they do something about it.
Unfortunately these unfortunate events are likely to be the only thing that other exchanges pay attention to.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:09:56
Next it'll be tulips, then ponzi, then some other item that can be used to dismiss Bitcoin.
All the while Bitcoin continues to do what some people refuse to accept that it can do, and that is act as a a fully decentralised, public ledger of account.
Fucking *beanie babies*... sheesh.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:28:04
I only need to look at ipv4 to realise that once a technology, even an imperfect one solves a problem but also solves it well, and adoption and infrastructure rises around it, it needs a technology far superior to supplant it.
For Bitcoin to shift banks will also take a monumental effort, and alts are created by devs with egos dithering over largely meaningless optimisations. People trumpeted Zerocoin, but concerted effort on stealth addresses and coinjoin makes most of it's advantages obsolete. People were trumpeting about Etherium, but it simply will never get momentum because it is a minefield of complexity and doesn't really raise the bar for all the risk it introduces. Same with Ripple, VCs even tried to get momentum with money to "make fetch happen". 
They are all stuck in developmental or ideological cul-de-sacs because they are constantly pushing against the momentum of Bitcoin because they think their pet -coin can do it better that Bitcoin can. Bitcoin has a huge head start and no coin to date is an order of magnitude better than Bitcoin currently, because that is what it will need to be to be a viable competitor.
Bitcoin is the forerunner, and it was incredibly well designed and coded from the start, so there really is very little to redesign, if anything. Most advancements will occur from within, not without, and Bitcoin also has the funding model to drive that momentum forward, namely itself.
@_date: 2014-08-08 05:32:05
Yep, I've noticed that too, I've actually seen a couple trolls lighten their attitude considerably, the rest simply fled to to help keep the fires of bitterness burning in their hearts  (every time I go there I see so manny troll tags it's kinda nice that the trolls found a place just for them :) ). Utuxia was at times spamming/trolling here an insane amount but now he almost sounds normal.
I've also seen regular users turn into asshats too, so I guess it goes both ways....
@_date: 2014-12-17 12:15:57
You only answered yes to 4/10 questions. I said if you can answer yes to most of them. 
Looks like Bitcoin, even according to your jaded eyes is looking pretty damn rosy. :)
@_date: 2014-12-14 17:44:59
They may be toying with the idea of smart property perhaps? That is one of the promises of Bitcoin's blockchain.
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:44:12
Absolutely, password protect the bip38 wallet, run the password through SSSS with 2 of 3 pieces needed to unlock the password. Give one piece to the lawyer holding your will so that it is released to the executor in the event of your death, give one to the executor, so that they can confirm their identity and it prevents the lawyer and executor from running off with your funds in the mean time, and keep one for yourself, just in case. Then you can give a copy of the bip38 wallet to all parties without fear they can unlock the wallet.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:40:38
Yep, I'm pretty sure we'll need at least 3-6 months of relative stability before people's memories fade and the price begins to rise. I think most weak hands will have been thoroughly shaken out with everything that has happened.
But it has always annoyed me how price increases are always over superficial shit, and not the real fundamental stuff. 
In any case, I'm damn happy (dare I say proud even?) that with the shitstorm of bad news, Bitcoin has held strong around the 600-650 range. 
Now if only Gox would quietly fade away from view...
@_date: 2014-10-21 16:05:01
This is the absolute truth. Way too many early adopters were sublimely naïve when it came to Bitcoin, they treated it like just any other asset in an inflationary economy and their ignorance/naivety cost them most/all their early gains. I honestly think there are very few early adopters these days for this very reason. A fool and his money is easily parted rings true when it comes to Bitcoin.
Over the years, if there is anything that Bitcoin has truly taught me, it is that there is no such thing as easy money (with the exception of holding, but that is still a long term gamble so gambling no more than you can afford to lose is still the only way to come out on top, or at least without any tears). Any person that "invested" their bitcoin in anything other than bitcoin itself lost huge amounts of value because the simple fact is owning Bitcoin *is* an investment, and it the most liquid, appreciable, and broad investment you can make when it comes to making money with Bitcoin. Trying to trade, invest in stocks, loans, or whatever, are incredibly risky for those that aren't well educated, hardened wall-street types.
OP will learn, and he will probably learn the hard way like others before him. 
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:19:01
Ah yes, the day the shit hit the fan.
Lets not ever have another one of those.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:59:06
Or venezuela ...
or Cyprus.
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:50:53
I agree, Bitcoin is politically neutral, and it should be portrayed that way. It doesn't eschew conservatives, socialists, communists or any other group from using the Bitcoin network, it simply challenges monetary policy. 
Bitcoin is all about monetary freedom, not shoving political ideologies down each other's throats.
@_date: 2014-03-30 15:47:34
I want one too (badly), but with something as critical as a hardware wallet, I'm sure the creators want to nail it the first time. There really is no wiggle room or sliding scale for success when it comes to something like this, it will either be a resounding success, or utter failure. The makers have also promised to open source the software and specs so anyone can make their own, so given that, I'm certain derivative hardware wallets based on their designs will pop up eventually. Getting the first one right though I think is critically important and could absolutely raise security and usage to a completely new level. The Trezor, if done right could become the golden standard for security. If that means they've gotta take a few extra months to polish, test, and check everything for the umpteenth time then I say so be it.
@_date: 2014-11-07 14:57:55
RemindMe! 3 months "This website will look pretty fucking stupid in a couple of months... modest growth, blah blah, beanie babies"
Current Price: ~346 USD
Hashrate: 294,187,066 GH/s
Current Transactions/day from blockchain: 94814
@_date: 2014-09-14 13:45:32
Saw it too, wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be but they still made incorrect statements and glossed over details, esp. regarding Bitcoin's tracability and Silk road.
In general though, its nowhere near as dramatic as I was expecting. 
No mention of Open Bazarre, Trezor, the huge Bitcoin mining boom, or lighthouse and other fantastical developments but I guess that was too cutting edge and positive for the narrative...
@_date: 2014-10-29 15:51:21
















They have your coins, you don't. If you read the TOS you wouldn't be in this situation. If you did your research, and asked pertinent questions about whether you could get your funds back out without verifying your identity you also likely wouldn't be in this situation. The only person hurting in this situation is you, so rage against the system all you like, it won't change a thing on your end because you gave up your freedoms to someone else.
Enjoy bending over for the man if you want your money back.
@_date: 2014-10-21 07:50:01
Indeed, Bitcoin is completely uncoupled from the old system and can (and did in the early days) exist without any banking infrastructure. 
Besides, this race is a marathon, not a sprint, Applepay has had a huge amount of money poured into infrastructure, organisation, and such via Apple. Bitcoin has emerged in a completely organic manner and not a single cent was spent from any central source to force it's growth. 
To even conceive such a system self-assembling into the network it is today is lost on many, and it has hardly been a cake-walk either, it has endured significant resistance by banks, media, governments, and even the general populace. Apple pay relies on artificial monopolies and large amounts of capital to exist, unlike Bitcoin which pulls itself forward with it's own bootstraps by incentivising the community to make bitcoin better. At the end of the day the system with the lowest barrier to entry is going to be the one that wins in the long term because network effects will always magnify it's advantages. Apple will always be at a disadvantage in this respect because it can never be as accessible, flexible, and free to anyone like Bitcoin can be.
@_date: 2014-03-23 13:58:19
I honestly believe Trezor is going to completely transform Bitcoin security. Can't wait for it to get released because it really *will* change everything.
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:59:14
Nice, that means it's definitely positive, but nothing concrete.
@_date: 2014-10-14 12:31:25
As an Australian, thanks. I haven't given up hope, since the ATO is not the final say, just the first say. I'm sure there is going to be further stouches over this in the future but their reasoning is so retarded it beggars belief. It demonstrates a level of risk aversion that is pretty much astounding. I'm pretty sure that they chose the most absurdly restrictive tax treatment so that they could shield themselves from repercussions in case their ruling leads to unforeseen loopholes and such. This is the ATO, similar to the whole Lawsky thing, these guys aren't politicians and there will be no repercussions for them if they damage the Bitcoin industry/economy. IOW, they really don't care it they burn down Bitcoin related enterprise. This essentially means that it may take years for more sensible changes to occur, it may even take an amendment to the tax code before this will change (hopefully not though). 
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:59:05
[This]( might help to get you started, not sure but I'm guessing these exchanges' APIs can pull far more data than just the current price, so I'd expect you can pull out all sorts of price histories with a bit of fiddling...
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:24:39
Don't worry I've been here 4 years, so I'll be sure to follow it up. If you like I'll start up a new thread just for the occasion and we can see who is right.
RemindMe! 1 year
@_date: 2014-12-04 12:41:31


Please learn to read the post you are responding to before you start typing.
@_date: 2014-12-19 10:04:35
I'm inclined to agree, this is a totally different cause, but the backlash of not being able to pay back their debt is going to be the same. 
If the stats from [this article]( is to be believed then the Sauds really do have the upper hand in pushing out other oil producers. Their break even point is around 30 USD and they have lots of reserve money to wait out other producers if they need to, whereas Russia is around 50-ish and North America is 65 USD. 
Russia has the most to lose though as much of their export is gas and oil, their cash reserves are poor, and their break even point is being squeezed. Once it hit's 50 USD Russia will be in dire financial straits, if they aren't already.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:05:22
I'd rather merchants accept Bitcoin and move the money to another currency than have them hold Bitcoins and then abandon accepting them altogether after the price swings destroy their profits.
Merchants are selling wares, not trying to play the market. By converting they get the best aspects of Bitcoin, and with the help of Bitpay et al. they are protected from the price fluctuations. This has led to far far FAR greater adoption than simply having merchants accept Bitcoin with no protections whatsoever. Trying to portray this as a bad thing is simply demonstrating the writer's bias. It could easily be spun as "Even USD Fans Prefer to Accept Bitcoin".
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:55:11
Same goes for every currency ever. Cash is not the exception to the rule. Paper money can be forged (and is often), and tools like anti-counterfeit pens, blacklights, the reputation of the issuing country etc. are needed to confirm it's legitimacy. Saying that cash can be used without an internet connection ignores the fact that it's veracity still needs uncommon tools to do so. Pragmatically I could verify a bitcoin transaction far faster than I could confirm a tenner (and even then, some forgeries are so good they fool even the tools), besides, who regularly carries around a blacklight or anti-counterfeit pen?
The internet is far ranging and the vast majority has to so confirming is far easier than cash TBH, I sure as hell don't carry my blacklight with me and scan every note that passes through my fingers, nor do I examine every coin, even though I know I regularly get those damn New Zealand coins every now and then (they're very similar to Australian coins).
@_date: 2014-10-31 13:01:27
And the distribution of access to said units needs to be done in a fair way that does not favour any particular party, but can also be given to those as an incentive to continue to keep the network secure. 
I'm pretty convinced that no-one in their right mind is going to waste a bunch of valuable resources keeping a network secure. And for what? Exclusive access to *Internet-money* tokens? Pshhh!
It'll never take off...
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:57:22
It's easy to attack the person when they have based their argument on lies (which is to say they have abandoned all logical reasoning from the beginning), and have the maturity of a 5 year old.
As I said, you need to grow up.
@_date: 2015-05-15 07:01:10
Damn, I was going to say this too but you beat me to it. Domain names literally went from zero interest at the beginning, that anyone could register, to a billion dollar market that made people millions of dollars, all because they registered the name first. It absolutely shares similarities with Bitcoin in how it grew from nothing, to something that people and companies trade freely and have made many an absolute fortune from what is essentially a digital asset recorded in a database.
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:06:34
Damn I'm in almost exactly the same boat, mine is evolutionary learning and computer vision. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 02:18:25
The guys working on side chains, Counterparty guys, Open Bazaar developers, even the PoS guys have contributed innovation, even if it hasn't taken off.
If we are talking about individuals, 
Peter Todd and his work on side/tree chains. This is innovation in the truest sense of the word, he's not simply copying the blockchain and adding some pretty new features he's enabling the blockchain to evolve to the next level.
Slush and his work on stratum, which was the genesis of pooled mining.
Amir Taaki and his tremendous contributions to stealth addresses, coin-join mixing, the dark market, dark wallet, bitcoin mining. etc. 
Amir has made tangible, beneficial and innovative software projects that are being used right now and has benefited people in real tangible ways for years now yet is completely overlooked in preference to Vitalik, who is yet to even release something substantive.
There are also a number of Bitcoin core devs I'd definitely want to see get this award more than Vitalik, like Gavin (who implemented and rolled out multisig which signalled the genesis of smart contracts no less!). 
Mike Hearn and his work on micro-transactions with bitcoin, as well as his work on implementing lighthouse which allows distributed crowdfunding, as well as a slew of other innovations he's made/contributed to over the years).
Tapping Vitalik on the shoulder with this award is a farce, he is smart, and a deep thinker, but he is yet to prove that he can deliver innovative software that the masses will benefit from. Giving Vitalik the Innovation award is silly when there are many more people out there that have contributed far more and is being used right now.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:11:53
I think he said this because the guy was not really interested in understanding Bitcoin he was just being difficult and was expecting people to sell the idea to him rather than doing his own research. 
There are far too many entitled cynics that want to sit there and make all the excuses in the world, while expecting everyone around them to move mountains to bring them round, as if they were a customer being sold a product.
Satoshi didn't have time for people like them and you shouldn't either. Instead you should find ways for Bitcoin to enhance *your* life rather than trying to waste time convincing others that it will enhance theirs.
@_date: 2014-08-05 02:15:12
I plan to do the same hopefully when/if they become a little cheaper. I've already ordered a couple for myself but I think everyone should have one of these things, since it finally silences the "stolen bitcoin/bitcoin security too hard for everyday users" argument.
Slush and co. are doing fantastic work on this front, and early indications seem to be saying that Trezor is security done right, which is something dearly needed for everyday Bitcoin use.
@_date: 2014-02-12 13:27:35
Use Bitcoin as the medium for wire transfers between other banks. Extremely cheap, fast, and reliable.
@_date: 2014-09-23 12:54:04
It took 30 years (from the 1960s to the 1990s) for the masses to [fully embrace CCs]( so whats the rush with Bitcoin adoption? Bitcoin wins in a lot of areas, but Bitcoin is hardly a finished product, it's only been aroud 6 years, in the grand scheme of currencies we've hardly even started. There is still lot's of polishing and scaling up to do, but it will happen just like it has for the last 6 years, Bitcoin is a constant WIP, hell, we're still in beta ATM. The Euro had to be forced legislatively on countries and took [6 years alone from it's intention to implementation]( and you want to call Bitcoin dead/supersceded/untenable already? Bitcoin is a dark horse and the establishment hates it's frictionlessness as it has no way of interventing. That won't change, and you can be absolutely certain with the world's spiralling debt that they won't be loosening their grip on transactions, they'll be tightening the thumbscrews as much as possible, and the good thing about that is that the free'er Bitcoin is and the more control you have over your money, the more competitive and useful it is as a currency. By authorities' very actions they help promote Bitcoin as a superior currency and right now it's already got more than the foothold necessary to make a space for itself in the financial sector. Other currencies simply can't compete at the same level because of their centralised nature. A centralised internet for the world never eventuated because a decentralised one is so much more powerful and resilient. Bitcoin is one step above that in that it is 100% decentralised wheras the Internet still has some centralised elements (like DNS) that governments still manage to abuse. 
The masses don't really know what true freedom looks like because they've never experienced it before. Bitcoin is a taste of that freedom, and like the internet, once they get a taste, they'll want more of it. If you don't believe me, just wait until banks are crushed by their own debt and the world-wide bail-ins occur. The GFC wasn't truly felt because of the bail-outs, but they'll well and truly understand the effects of crippling debt when the money printing no longer works and their savings is used to "save" the banks (don't believe me, go take [a look]( at [Venezuela ATM]( thats a taste of what's to come). That's when Bitcoin will be ready and waiting for the masses.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:41:18
Yep, [This thread]( may be of help, wallet32 on android, mycelium, and electrum come to mind but there may be more. 24 words is far more secure than 12. 12 is still safe, it's just that the Trezor designers like to err on the side of caution and leave nothing to chance.
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:49:33
It's comical how you don't even take your own political cause seriously.
Enjoy being perpetually under the thumb of your betters.
@_date: 2014-02-23 06:58:22
I swear it is not me :), but yeah, it is confusing. I'm sure that trolls also don't play by the rules too though, and are more than ok with 0 day accounts to spread fud, puppet accounts to agree with themselves and upvote themselves.
Thank god I can tag them instead of wasting my time so I can actually talk about interesting things 'round here.
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:00:15
You can say it is wrong, but that's how early valuations were determined when no-one had any idea.
You forget that oil was also largely [useless once upon a time]( (compared to now). Then people found more productive ways of using it and it became more valuable than an application as a lubricant, lamps etc. . It's supply also far outweighed what the people that had a use for them, so with so much abundant oil around people didn't value the oil itself, more that they factored the value based on transport costs, storage, etc. and based on those costs worked from there.
It's the exact same way with Bitcoin. With it's relative abundance in the early days, electricity usage was the determining factor for how much it cost to supply oneself with bitcoin and based on that cost the Bitcoin's minimum value could be determined.
Even back in the very beginning Bitcoins were not useless, just less useful compared to now.
@_date: 2014-10-08 11:02:42


No it couldn't, if you want to make claims like that don't come here without a working implementation that we can tear apart. I challenge you to even explain how halving works in Bitcoin, can you even do that? 
I am thoroughly unconvinced that you even know what you are talking about.
Edit: 
You're simply [naive]( If you think you are hot shit. Solve this problem that shows how clueless you are about the halving.
Here's a link to the [piece of code that handles halvings](
Enjoy "fixing" Bitcoin for us.
@_date: 2014-03-09 02:26:15
So, have you reached out to any of the poor people whose lives are ruined because they lost their money on Gox? To help, offer condolences or *gasp* apologize? For something you at least tacitly helped happen? You know, people just like anon_bitcoin_gambler that risked it all (except in his case got lucky instead)? Or after encouraging those that couldn't afford to put their livelihoods on the line (something you blindly encouraged), and lost it all, are you simply going to step back and say it was "their choice", and hamster away? Or are you going to laugh it off, or spit vitriol at me or some childish shit?
I'm happy to be proven wrong, but I won't be getting my hopes up.
Ed: Oh, and since you want the record straight, [here's the link to the beginning of the posts]( since you seem to think users have broken fingers and can't click the parent link.
@_date: 2014-11-05 01:56:12
Wow, no quotes, no links, no reasoning, not even a whiff of effort to back up your claims. [You are only entitled to the opinion you can defend]( For all the reasons I have already outlined, you are wrong. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 09:23:43
They're suffering a strong dose of [not invented here syndrome]( The good news is there are going to be others that will be able to put aside their ego, and will make the feet draggers look foolish.
@_date: 2014-09-15 08:01:15
I'd kindly suggest you at least do some due dilligence and search this subreddit before creating a new thread on topics that have been exhaustively discussed many, many times.
The first dozen threads should provide ample feedback to address your concerns.
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:46:01
Please keep stalking us, it makes us feel relevant.
Pretty please?
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:39:59
Don't pay attention to the hateful, and mocking comments. They are toxic people and have absolutely no interest in honest discourse. I feel very much the same as you and people I told about Bitcoin also laughed off my passion, enthusiasm and diligence. Now those same people years later don't give me guff any-more because they know I stood by my convictions. Instead of being one of those people that is all talk and no action, I lead by example and use Bitcoin as much as possible. There's no better counterargument than to actually use Bitcoin and show it in action. 
I think you are doing just that, but Bitcoin is still young, so having fallbacks and other assets to shield you from Bitcoin's volatility is something you should definitely look into. Don't let your passion blind you to protecting yourself financially. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:30:39


It seems you have difficulty reading, I said...


Your excuces are simply that.
@_date: 2014-11-18 06:20:01
Colour me [completely unsurprised](
@_date: 2014-03-13 07:26:01
They're often here during the more volatile periods, and I've even seen some (like darkwings_08) openly admit they do it for schnadenfreudian reasons. I'm sure others do it because moderation is very liberal here, very few trolls are outright banned, and those that do have posts removed are usually because of spamming, rather than being outright abusive or anything. And I'm certain that there are others that are bitter, or resent our enthusiasm, and I'm sure some others that simply feel the need to give unsolicited critiques (that have been made ad nauseum and unbeknownst to them has been argued out dozens of times already) because [duty calls](
I personally have come to terms with them and see them as nothing more than background noise that I can very easily tune out now, they have also inadvertantly given me great practice for reverse trolling, much to my own amusement, and their own frustrations. Additionally, it has been excellent for helping me better refine my knowledge of Bitcoin, markets, the protocol etc. when a knowall troll throws out for the umpteenth time that Bitcoin is deflationary, therefore it is going to fail or some BS. They just embarrass themselves now when they make those kinds of claims.
Don't sweat the trolls, they've been here a long time, just ignore them (or use them for reverse trolling practice if you're game), downvote them, and don't let it bug you too much. Besides, a troll hates nothing more than to be ignored.
@_date: 2015-05-08 04:41:52
Read and listened, ops post is rambling and spammy. How do I know? Because my field of research is evolutionary learning in CS. I'm doing a PhD on evolutionary systems, and ops post on natural decentralised systems and Bitcoin  is bottom of the barrel content here. I learnt in-depth about ant systems way before I even touched my PhD work.  I suggest you and OP do a little more study before you go clogging this sub with more spam and low content posts.
@_date: 2015-05-30 20:33:35
A while back I also asked him for numbers, [or at least sources]( since he vigorously disagreed with me, I was open to being wrong and I even asked nicely so that we could actually focus on real data, rather than just hypothesize, but all I got back was silence.
I very much question Peter's agenda regarding anything to do with Bitcoin. He is at the very least concern trolling when he can't even give sources for his claims. I now make it a point that if I ever say anything that he disagrees with, I will demand numbers/sources/links/whatever first, rather than let him waffle on, because I'm frankly tired of his lecturing attitude and lack of clear evidence to back up his claims.
@_date: 2014-03-24 13:43:27
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:17:45
If a user can't manage their own funds, then they are outsourcing the risk/knowlege to another party, and no-one should get a free lunch. If they can't do it themselves or are too lazy/incompetent to do it themselves, they should be paying for it. 
@_date: 2014-12-04 09:04:00
There is absolutely nothing wrong with speculating, people guessing, or hypothesizing is fine, so you've completely missed the point. I'm talking about outright narrow-minded everyone else is wrong unless they agree with me crap that gets flung around, and on both sides.
[You yourself asserted that Bitcoin was going to drop over the weekend because of Bitcoin Black Friday]( and when I reminded you, you weren't so eager to offer your opinion then. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 14:57:20
[Called it]( ;) I advise tagging me as "complete lunatic" just to be safe.
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:09:19
Excusing Bitcoin because it doesn't fit with your pet version of economic theory is simply a convenient way of ignoring the facts. The only real reason that the volatility is so extreme is because the user base and liquidity is still very low. 
Bashing Austrian economic theory will get you nowhere. Even a cursory glance at Bitcoin's price over the years shows that it has been without a doubt stabilising. Calling the sudden dips in price "cashes" is becoming a joke since it never finds a lower floor than the previous floor and has consistently continued to move upwards. The price has risen consistently, and the sudden changes in price has diminished over time. 
It is self-evident that Bitcoin has been adopted more and more as a form of value transfer and value storage, which flies in the face of your statement that bitcoin can't be used to transfer value and also be a speculative store of value.
History has shown you are wrong on all counts.
@_date: 2014-11-04 07:04:21
There are vested interests in Ethereum, Maidsafe, Mastercoin where people have invested money not because the tech is sound, but because they want to see a return on their funds because they have been fed the line that the tech will meet XYZ expectations and work how the devs claim it will. IOW it's driven by greed and the projects have a forced monopoly on not only it's development but also who gets to reap the advantages. The barrier to entry is set high, favouritism is strong and there is a vested interest to be dishonest. If Mastercoin, Etherium, Maidsafe's technologically is unsound, the devs will avoid at all cost admitting it has failed/has set backs/can't fulfill promise XYZ because they and others will be trying to protect their investment.
Open Transactions, Open Bazaar, Darkwallet, Sidechains, have no such investments where artificial monopolies are restricting who can reap the benefits (if it works then all Bitcoin users and even other alts benefit). If it fails or has problems devs will not be compelled to hide these problems because there is no subgroup they have to answer to or feel they've not met the expectations of that particular group. It's actually in the dev's best interest to be open/transparent/honest because this helps brainstorm solutions rather than hiding the problems for fear it's going to make them or the project look bad. Though it's incredibly unlikely, these projects have the option to fail and devs don't have to protect it from the possibility of failure, unlike Etherium, Maidsafe, Mastercoin etc. where they are going to have to answer people that paid them to make a successful product that they could profit from later.
@_date: 2014-11-23 06:33:08


If you look at the chart at 11/14 you can see that the coin age in the range of 6-12 months (the orange bar) expands considerably compared to the other coin ages up to now. This very well implies that many bought during the last upsurge, and held, to see the orange percentage expand from 15% to 35% over the last year is a very strong sign of holding, but it's also interesting to see that regular usage has actually held steady, and considering that the inflation of the coin base has been over 10% this year it actually implies that regular usage has increased over the year too.
@_date: 2015-05-31 12:43:28
I only ask this because there is no contingency in place (in the spec I read) in case the block size does get increased. If there were a contingency to upgrade the BitSat so it could handle the greater load, then it would indicate that his reasoning for or against the block increase is not being made because he could lose investment money, profits from BitSat etc. . It would indicate that the BitSat project is not going to be affected one way or the other by the arguments for/against and that would clear things up considerably. 
Not seeing any mention of it in the spec raises my suspicion that the project is not going to be viable if he can't even factor in (or even acknowledge this as a risk to the project) in his risks section. That could mean that he is against the block increase because current/potential investors could pull out if the change goes ahead as the BitSats could no longer be viable (or crippled beyond usefulness).
BTW, I'm not trying to be antagonistic by raising this topic, I have nothing against Jeff's opinions, or his projects, even though I personally see the block increase as the right way forward, I'm only raising the subject because I am keen to seek clarification on Jeff's motivations and such as he is a well respected, and vocal participant in the blocksize discussion. It could be that he has factored it in already and it just wasn't in the spec I read, or he may be aware of it and he had other ways to handle the extra load so the risk was null, or something else. I simply want clarification on whether his project would be affected adversely by the block increase or not.
On an unrelated note, it's saddening that I'm being downvoted for asking honest (and sincere) questions about dev's potential conflict of interest. It's actually why I've avoided commenting on anything recently. People really need to chill out, I'm not trying to baselessly attack people!!
@_date: 2014-10-22 08:37:17
took a huge risk, leveraged on credit no less and gambled his future. Luckily for him, he came out with a huge windfall, but I [berated him back then]( and then [twits like this]( who give trolls ammunition for calling us scammers tried to give me shit for calling him out on his BS. A year later I still feel the same way, he was utterly reckless, and greedy (and also desperate for a quick fix). Others have done exactly the same though and lost big time, throwing themselves, and their partners/family under the bus with them. This was never a sound, or reasoned decision. 
He deserved to get shit from because this was essentially taking a 30,000 loan on credit and going straight to the casino. No-one would respect that, just because he got lucky doesn't mitigate that.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:32:59
Theres a very nice video on this and how you can model the valuation of a single bitcoin given the various variables. Definitely check it out.
Also a cool little site to try it yourself,  .
Interestingly even if Bitcoin only captured 1% of gold, ecommerce, remittences, the black market, it would still model out to around $7700 USD as of right now. We're not even a 20th of that yet, so Bitcoin's capability for future growth is still very significant. Even upping the velocity of money to max, we still see the price just shy of 7000 USD. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 02:56:36
Exactly, you can't rave about blockchain security and then dismiss the currency application the blockchain offers. It's a combined package and you can't take out one without destroying the other. Any person that reasons like this should be using Bitcoin for whatever application they want because they will never find any other blockchain that is more secure, and that security only comes about because of the currency that the blockchain derives.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:30:57
I am also extremely pissed about this, because regardless of whether this news is right or wrong, this guy is under the spotlight for all the wrong reasons.
He has gifted us with something beautiful and precious, and all the media has wanted to do it is out him and make him a target against his will for their own ends.
The media is taking truth seeking to a degree like scientists took experimentation on humans without oversight. It is a sick manifestation of truth seeking that has no justification and has no purpose other to cause suffering for those that are subjected to it for the benefit of others. 
It's sickening. Infuriating. And utterly, utterly, disappointing.
I hope the media realises just how low they've gone this time, and though I don't take any satisfaction in saying this, I hope the public backlash on them is breathtakingly vicious.
@_date: 2014-10-24 02:00:00






@_date: 2014-09-16 07:41:18
lol, wow, you obviously can't read very well either, since I said...


And here you are claiming that IBM has succeeded and they haven't even made a proper announcement yet. So you've completely jumped the gun with your gloating and smugness, as well as made yourself look childish.
If you want the "I win" tomfoolery, let's at least make it somewhat rational. Bitcoin has taken 6-ish years to get as far as it has, so I shall revisit this comment in 6 years and we shall compare IBM's results to what Bitcoin is like right now. 
RemindMe! 6 years "brags that IBM will dominate or superscede Bitcoin because 'it's IBM', I think that IBM will never be able to make a succesful alternative because it will always be inherrently tainted  and will never be as 1. Decentralised, 2. able to duplicate Bitcoin's network effect, and 3. have the same low barrier to entry that Bitcoin has."


See you in 6 years when you're all grown up. 
@_date: 2014-01-18 03:10:15
Thankyou. It bugs me no end when self-proclaimed libertarians and anarchocapitalists like OP brand Bitcoin as a political invention, created just for them.
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:02:54
I don't believe so, a lot of, shall we say, glorification of Satoshi has occurred in the last couple of years, and it's origins were incredibly small and humble, I was fortunate to be part of those early beginnings, not much more than a year after it started and none of us really fathomed that it would become as global as it did, sure, we dreamed, but many of us said so half-jokingly too :). It is pure speculation to be sure, but I was around while Satoshi still regularly posted on Bitcointalk. What he posted is not out of character for him, as to the why, well, we can only guess, but I still reckon that he did in fact reveal himself and he did so because he is still a human being that didn't want others to get negatively impacted by his actions.
Even Satoshi disliked the media's behaviour, and I think that means a lot to all of us.
@_date: 2014-01-21 08:15:07
Doge has been around 3 months, it needs meaningful commerce to keep it afloat if it is going to survive this year since all the block rewards will have been minted by then, and given it's design, I see that being almost impossible. This is the worst alt out there because it has an economic poison pill built into the core rules. After 18 months, if there is not a buttload of transactions to subsidize the block reward (that happens every 60 seconds no less), mining will dry up, the blockchain security will plummet, and with it the value of the coins on that blockchain, since it will be near impossible to incentivise verifying the integrity of transactions.
It is quite tragic since the community is actually quite nice and quirky, but the design of the core rules is an absolute train wreck. Just like the meme it rides on, dogecoinwill in all likelihood disappear like memes usually do. First it's new and exciting, becomes a running joke, reaches the public ear, peaks, and then slips into the background.
What's doubly sad is that noone seems to notice this, and there's pretty much nothing the devs and community can do about it.
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:59:20
Thankyou for your question. Bad handwriting is notorious among ferrets (I have the same problem), but it's probably one of the reasons they are great for memorisation since there's very little chance stolen ferrets are any good for stealing Bitcoin's because the user needs time to get used to each ferret's writing style, and that gives the stolen ferret's owner time to track down the thief using an anti-theft ferret that can home in on the stolen ferret before the thief learns the ferret's writing style. But yes, some ferrets are even sloppier writers than the standard ferret and can be a dick about it, some will even nip if you try to point out illegible handwriting and that's simply unacceptable. The best advice I can give is appeal to their curiosity as a form of motivation, we are, as a species, suicidally curious and will not take no for an answer. Warm him up with some crosswords and sudoku puzzles but when you check them tell him he got them wrong, be sure to not tell him why they're wrong, just give him a score and he'll get curious, and somewhat belligerent since ferrets have huge egos, he won't question why you're fucking with him though because we don't think that far ahead, so get him to try again and again, scoring each time, but instead of you actually rating his answers, you'll actually be rating his handwriting. This might take some time so be patient, but he shouldn't get bored because his belligerence is legendary. This should get his writing up to par without him even realising.
A word of warning though, ferrets are vicious creatures so never let slip you're taking the piss out of him to improve his handwriting or he may run up your trouser leg and harm something you hold dear.
Hope that helps :)
@_date: 2014-12-26 03:15:52
Spare me your excuses and your labels. If you want to play all innocent, then return the tips if you want to preach from your high horse. All you did was make fun of charitable people and took advantage of their good will so you could take cheap shots at them later.
At the end of the day, all you are doing is ensuring others will tune you out in the future when you pull stunts like this.
@_date: 2015-05-07 17:57:09
Thankyou! I simply do not get why people keep adding that incredibly annoying word (often with CAPS) in the title of their posts.
@_date: 2014-10-08 12:15:11
You showed supreme confidence and dismisiveness (by saying incremental rewards was possible to code, and you still think it's possible) without any reasonable explanation for why my fairly detailed explanation was incorrect. I'd call that being pretty cocky TBH. 
My snark aside. I'm trying to highlight just how difficult it was to pull something like this off. I have a strong background in CS so I guess it leaves a far stronger impression on me than it does on others.
What Satoshi did was implement block halving at a machine code level, such that it didn't matter which piece of hardware, operating system, or programming language ran it, it would act identically. This meant no rounding errors (impossible in fact), perfect accuracy, completely unambiguous to debug if necessary, could scale seamlessly into the future if more zeros were added to increase bitcoin precision, etc.
I remind you of what I first said about why he didn't implement incremental rewards:


This code needed to work perfectly on every binary system that ran it, and there are precious few coders out there that can write such code without it being complex, or being bug free. To attempt anything complex was to put at risk everyone's money. You may not realise it but there WERE bugs that forked the network that had to do with [verification of transactions going awry]( so his caution with writing something rock solid, and simple absolutely trumped aesthetically pleasing curved lines unless there was a dire reason to do so. He absolutely made the right call.
In short, Satoshi erred on safety and stability, rather than quibble over aesthetics. Because let's be honest, if the system breaks absolutely no-one will give a fuck about how perfect the block reward curve is. You might not appreciate this, but history has already shown with the most drastic halving, almost nothing happened in the markets. So really it's a non-issue. Implementing incremental rewards won't help because everyone knows it will happen, miners will not overbuy hardware as they come close to the halving, others will buy up coins leading up to the halving to sell to fill the gap where miners don't have as many coins to sell any more. People will take advantage of the halving and this will smooth out any volatility. I was there during the last halving and everyone expected it to see-saw, but nothing happened. You are trying to justify a fork for aesthetics purposes, nothing more.
@_date: 2014-09-15 16:05:19
Not with that kind of defeatist attitude you won't. I'm sure the [WoW gold farmers]( would like a word.
There are multitudes of uses for Open Bazaar, it's simply that you are fixated on the illegal side of things. 
Here's some uses, that normally wouldn't be possible with ebay/paypal... that aren't illegal in the country being sold. It's legal in some places, and not legal in others so it more or less falls in a grey area where ebay et al. errs on the side of caution and simply forbids it outright.
Digital services/accounts/game items that would normally infringe TOS policies like selling digital items. Legally aquired, but sell those items for money outside the supposed closed economy to another party would result in account termination. There is *nothing* illegal about doing so (except in a few countries) yet I'm certain that ebay and the like will gladly [remove these items to appease other companies](


and further down in the conclusion...


So there you have it, a completely legitimate use case for Open Bazaar that fits the criteria that it is completely legal, yet, no company will touch it with a ten foot pole.


Unlike Ebay and other companies that have a presence in any country where they could face any number of repercussions from the gaming or digital service industry, Open Bazaar can't be singled out, harassed, shut down, or interfered with.
@_date: 2014-09-11 12:29:47
The vast majority of super early users didn't have to buy bitcoins, they simply mined them on their CPU or GPU, so it's highly likely that only a handful of people well connected in the Bitcoin world would have put their money where their mouth was and spent a large slice of their net worth on Bitcoin, and that only would have been the idealistic or true believers, even then I think it was highly unlikely they spent more than a few thousand dollars because the markets simply weren't that big or liquid. Not because of the risk of the coins dropping in value, but simply because it was incredibly difficult to buy from a reputable market in the early days. China turning off the money taps was nothing compared to the illiquidity in the early days. In the first few years there was only MtGox (and even Mt Gox in the super early days was not super trustworthy and even getting money into Gox you had to use vague, quasi-payment methods like the defunct Liberty Reserve, even bank wires were non-existent back then, so even if you had money to burn, getting connected to someone that wanted to sell was hellishly difficult. I remember trying Gox in the super early days, just to prove to a friend it could be done and from selling my coins for USD on Gox, I then used LR dollars to move the funds to my LR account, then had to find a money changer in singapore that took LR USD and would fund AUD to my bank account. This took about a week of very hard work and it was only for about 50 AUD worth, and converting from BTC to AUD was simpler back then than purchasing them. It sucked. This, I think is partly the reason for the mining boom, people didn't want to risk losing their dollars in a bad trade with some shady actor/scam site, so simply mined, and when it got difficult, simply bought more hardware to continue mining because you knew you would get what you paid for, and if it all fell in a heap, you still had a garage full of computers and video card that you could refit to make a render farm out of ;P
@_date: 2014-12-28 11:36:55
What the hell is with all this Bitcoin Bowl stuff! Like, the last 2 days we've had ridiculous amounts of posts on the Bitcoin bowl. China banning Bitcoin, Silk road getting busted, and Newsweek on Dorian Nakamoto had nothing on the amount of posts on the Bowl. The only thing that I think exceeded it was Mt Gox, and when Bitcoin was rising to 1000.
Don't get me wrong, I'm happy people are excited about it, but really? The first 5 pages were almost ALL Bitcoin Bowl related and I don't even understand why people were so damn ecstatic about it.
@_date: 2014-10-29 11:16:54
I would say your access is denied because you have not correctly verified your identity, and your activity could be construed as being suspicious. The TOS explicitly states that use of their service is contingent on verifying your identity with them. It says it right there in the terms of service.


Refusing to do this doesn't mean you can use their service in a crippled manner, and they are well within their rights to prevent you using their service until you jump through their hoops. Look at it from their perspective. You could be signing up for identity-less accounts and siphoning stolen funds through their service to mix coins without their permission. Anyone on their end could make that jump of logic and freeze your account pre-emptively, because if they don't and those funds are found to be stolen, they will be on the hook for assisting criminal activity.
You need to show a little more maturity, and personal responsibility for your actions. You signed up to this service, accepted the TOS and you are the one that deposited your coins, it is your responsibility to adhere to their TOS if you want your money back. You need to contact them and politely explain that you would like to confirm your identity (as per the TOS) so that you can withdraw your funds but you are having trouble doing so because you are not able to receive the verification email. You gave up the right to have full access to your coins when you sent them there, and if you want to enjoy the perks of using their service, you need to play by their rules until you get your coins back. 
Coming out here and calling them a scam when you clearly did not do your due dilligence wrt to properly reading and understanding their TOS, and dumping a bunch of coins on their site is not their fault.
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:12:52


I 100% agree, and have told the mods so on numerous occasions, they do nothing, so rather than act like a victim and say "woe me! I am oppressed and have no power! I am a victim! Won't someone protect me!" .... instead, I dismantle these people.
Check my post history before you make generalisations about me, I have been posting here literally for 4 years almost daily so I'm very accustomed to the BS I have to wade through here. I have a very simple policy and it works incredibly well. I am not an openly abrasive or hostile person, I meet people at their level, if they are courteous I am. If they are jovial, I am. If they are snarky, I am. if they are abrasive, I am. If they take cheap shots at me, I will take cheap shots at them. if they fuck with me, I will fuck with them. If they troll me, I will troll them. Pretty simple really.
I am not a white knight, I don't have a code of conduct or a code of ethics, the mods made sure of that. I'm here to have a civil and fruitful discourse, but if people try and go 4chan on me, then they deserve everything they get.
@_date: 2014-10-14 14:51:49
Bitpay. They absorb the risk on behalf of the merchant for a very small fee.
@_date: 2014-01-29 07:59:06
Wow, that quote, the guy actually thinks he is in control. He's going to get the shock of his life when the answer he gets back is ...
It's going to get even better when he naively uses his supposed authority to shut it all down and he gets the same response.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:44:45
Yep, and stickied at the top in bold. It's [right there](
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:22:10
[There are a lot of very angry people that don't have their money, does he not understand this?]( The only thing keeping them from monkey stomping him in the street right now is that they still think it is better to wait in the hope of getting it still.
This guy is not helping his business, or himself.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:01:39
The earliest I could find was an economist in [June 2011]( and to be frank, that is incredibly early. This was a little over a year after Bitcoin first hit slashdot and barely 2.5 years into Bitcoin's life. It was only when Bitcoin actually started being worth something that people like economists even considered it, and that was only around late 2010 that a bitcoin was worth more than a dollar. 2009 was dead for bitcoin activity (and so was it's value), it was only around mid 2010 that anyone beyond a couple hundred people really knew about it. 
Even Doug Casey, a libertarian economist, had serious reservations about Bitcoin and had essentially written it off as flawed and ultimately a fad. He considered Goldmoney to be far superior and many gold lovers actually hated Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-03 08:49:29
I've seen the scrutiny and response of the Bitcoin community over the years and based on that alone, I'm not too worried. I think you take for granted the cost of these risks, the [selfish mining strategy]( and other attacks are constantly being brainstormed, rather than being found in the wild first. For this very reason it gives me far greater confidence in the Bitcoin network and community because these strategies are now forefront in the minds of many, and if there is the possibility that it can be pulled off, then many people are already brainstorming solutions to those strategies.
P2pool is a great example of how the community reacted to the threat of centralised pools years ago, p2pool only manifested because the bitcoin community identified it as a weakness of centralised pools (that could result in abuse by operators, DDOS attacks, etc.) that could greatly undermine the security of the network, so people got to work to create the p2pool software to offset that threat if it ever arose. Even though the likelihood that the pool operators back then had no intention of abusing their power everyone was extremely proactive in responding to the threat even though the imminence of the threat was still very low.
@_date: 2014-02-23 10:10:36
Your frustration and snark aside, what your experience highlights is not a drawback of Bitcoin. It highlights the fact that the government money in your pocket does not belong to you to use as you so wish. It is money blessed by a government that can still tell you who you spend it with, how you spend it, when you spend it, why you spend it, and how much it is worth.
Bitcoin is finally allowing the penny to drop for many people the world over. The coins and notes in your hand do not belong to you, and you are not free to do with it as you choose. The last several decades banks and governments have slowly been integrating ownership of money to control people and it is only now that Bitcoin has come along that the curtain concealing this has been ripped away. 
If you learn nothing else from this experience you should at least now realise that government money is in no way as free as you thought it was.
@_date: 2014-10-21 02:46:37
And here comes the cowardly "think of the children" BS.
You're such a humanitarian saving people from themselves. Where would we be without you telling us to do, think and feel nothing.
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:51:27
Indeed, may the safest and most reliable exchange win!
@_date: 2014-12-21 03:52:07
1 internet
@_date: 2014-10-09 11:37:49
I think he's probably relieved he got out with anything because his behaviour seemed to indicate he'd sell as soon as the price began to rise, indicating he was trying to either sell into a rising market, or squash any rallys that developed before they had momentum (and when you have that many coins, squashing a rally is hardly beneficial (unless you have even more money in wait to capitalise on the market going down), I personally think it was the former because of the most recent activity where the huge sell wall refused to move even as it was eaten by the market. That indicates to me that bearwhale had hit a limit on how low he could sell at and was not interested in pushing the market further. If he were a true manipulator, he would have used his large haul of coins to push further price movements up as the coins were bought (unless he has even MORE in reserves) rather than let them all be bought at 300 because it was obvious the market was very ready to absorb his sell bid. He never edged it up as it was eaten so it indicates he just wanted to sell, even if it meant losing further profits. He was probably trying to cash out but simply couldn't cash out so many in such a short time without driving the price down the way he did. He should have tried to sell privately so that the market was shielded from his activity.
In any case, the markets had a good day, lots of people got some cheap coins, bearwhale got himself out of a volatile market (that ironically, he probably caused) and a bunch of coins got scattered to lots of hands so that it will be harder to swing markets with those coins in the future.
@_date: 2014-11-07 15:10:26
You people wring your hands over the price like priests at confession. I've never ever seen a sub stalk another like you people do. Hilarious really. And since I'm a real nice guy, here's from exactly the same time.
@_date: 2014-10-01 03:32:11
I wouldn't say it undermines Bitcoin, it just demonstrates how clueless they are. The hundreds of alts should already be evidence enough that alts, even the ones that stick around, can't hold a flame to Bitcoin. I've seen alts backed by money, community, idealism, and ALL of them have fallen flat on their faces and been eclipsed by Bitcoin. And now Reddit thinks that it will somehow be different this time just goes to show conceited they are.
They should stop wasting everyone's time (and their backer's money) and just use colored coins and be done with it. They seem to forget what they are wanting to do. Their job is to issue shares, not make a cryptocurrency, and they should be using existing (and very rigorously tested) tools to do the job, when I want to code a project, I select the best programming language out there, I don't go "fuck everyone's current offerings" and then create a new programming language in machine code so that I can then use that programming language to code my project. It's just nonsensical.
@_date: 2015-05-09 19:30:01
Paypal has been a PITA for me, I use Bitcoin because I have full control over my funds. I've all but given up trying to use PP. With Bitcoin, I also like being part of a system that is pushing the boundary of money in new and exciting ways, and how it empowers people. Although I highly doubt Bitcoin will be the forerunner of anonymity that some here like to imagine it will be, I do also value it's ability to afford me at least a small degree of privacy compared to banks, and other payment processors that have oppressive AML/KYC policies which results in them scrutinising every single transaction I make. Also it's worldwide settlement times are unmatched.
@_date: 2014-03-23 05:26:24
My personal perspective is that the merits should be promoted from the "why should I use this?" viewpoint. For me the short statement,
"Bitcoin, financial freedom."
portrays a great number of why's simultaneously. No politics, no good guy, bad guy, no corporate attachments, just looking at the advantage on a personal level. Everyone wants personal freedom in every way, Bitcoin taps into that need nicely.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:43:40
It's brain-dead simple for those that choose to learn. But there is always a learning curve, like riding a bike, driving a car, feeding yourself etc. If you choose not to learn, then you pay for someone to do it for you, it's braindead simple to rewire a light socket, but I choose to pay an electronics guy $20 to rewire it for me because I don't want to risk getting electrocuted. It's lazy, and if I looked it up on the internet then I'd have no trouble but I either  know my limitations, have no time, or just couldn't be stuffed, so I paid someone else to do it.
And I'll say unequivocally that exchanges are not safe. So in most cases storing your funds offline will be safer.
Exchanges go out of business regularly, and it's usually because they fuck up. Exchanges fail regularly so they would be protecting themselves if there is a loss due to their own error. Unless they have a fractional system for their bitcoin, they have no need to keep storing everyone's funds.
@_date: 2014-07-08 18:01:01
Looks like I was! Ah, good times they were. Milestones back then were still being marked by the thousand, took a couple of weeks to break, and was still really exciting. I think I started lurking a month or so after the sub was created and there was something like several hundred users at the time. Bitcoin was still well under the radar those days. Just the plucky subreddit and the bitcointalk forums was where it was at.
I'm so glad I got to experience all of it, such a different time best compared to panning for gold before the gold rush hit, ASICs were still theoretical, alternative clients were only just beginning to emerge, progress was incredibly slow compared to now, it was much heavier on the discussion side of things rather than heavy on news so practically anything was news worthy (including what came to be referred to as "pointless milestones" like the subscriber count :) but we still do it even today), but these days you pretty much hug the walls with all the activity that goes on in here :)
^^^^goddamnit ^^^^I ^^^^feel ^^^^like ^^^^an ^^^^old ^^^^man.....:)
@_date: 2014-07-18 08:38:40
I'm afraid I agree with Sir_Wabbit. You are looking at it from the perspective that the Bitcoin system is completely transparent and controllable by the banking system and it's just not the case. Miners do not discriminate transactions and never will, they are the gate keepers, not these new oppressive financial institutions that you claim will be able to paralyse and punish those that don't behave.
And the ability to discriminate between transactions that are OK and those that are not is nigh on impossible, any institute that tries to censor transactions on threat of being punished by authorities if they don't will simply be avoided and the the transactions will travel through businesses that offer the least resistance. As long as miners remain decentralised and out of the reach of governments' coercive control, this will remain the case, hell, even if 95% of miners were somehow pinned down by oppressive legislation, the other 5% will still approve "bad" transactions, making control of the other 95% of miners fruitless.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:37:42
It's probably how some people think they have a legitimate claim of the moon, if no-one can stop them, then they see their claim of authority legitimate.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:25:24
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:02:50
I'm glad you got an answer that satisfied you but your OP very clearly intoned you were not happy with how Satoshi did it. My simple answer should have said it all and I should know, I'm a programmer, and have followed Bitcoin for many years now. Too complex, too risky, and not necessary should have been explanation enough.
I'm sorry if I sound abrasive, but I've found over the many years I have followed and discussed Bitcoin, I've had to be very hard nosed because moderators refuse to deal with trolls. I've also dealt with some incredibly arrogant people that really think they are Satoshi's gift to the Bitcoin community that can fix everyone's problems.
Unfortunately you still carry the "I can fix this and it will be easy" mentality. You have a lot to learn about bitcoin and it's community. I suggest you drop around the bitcointalk forums, I know for a fact you aren't the first one to dream up "fixes" to problems only you can see, I'm quite sure they will very quickly disagree with any proposal to change the halving algorithm.




"All we need to do", and "why not", and "markets will adjust" talk is derived from a big ego. Being so blase about such a huge change means you really haven't thought out the ramifications of what you are proposing. Forks are not things we do on weekends for shits and giggles. Forks break the social contract everyone signed by using Bitcoin. It requires the **entire community's consent**, not simply miners, and will never happen unless it is non-controversial, or a critical bug fix. Forks are incredibly disruptive, and only happen when the need is very great. Andressen has no idea what the undertaking is. I've heard these kinds of arguments on other non-issues, have a look at these links, on coin reclamation, I retained them because it demonstrated just how out of touch some people can be with what they think something needs "fixing". 
The thing is, even smart guys like Sergio in the second to last link lost sight of what's important and unnecessarily focused on thing's that should simply be left alone.


I'm saying it's aesthetics because it couldn't fix anything else. You are still entertaining the prospect of this being implemented in the future and trying to look for other justifications like "it's simple", "markets might still be disrupted", "Andressen said a fork should happen so why not do it then", or "it might be different next time" etc. All you really need to do is look at this chart.
Halving was November 28 2012. Not a thing happened before, or after the halving. Liquidity was super low back then too but the markets were not disrupted. If any halving was ever going to disrupt Bitcoin, it would've been the first one. There was no staring down the barrel collapse in price. Hashrate didn't [drop precipitously either]( Trying to justify changing the halving algorithm, by trying to pretend you won't know what will happen is just silly. Bitcoin was far more vulnerable to a halving back then compared to even now, you're still trying to manufacture imaginary rationalisations for a non-problem.
Edit: 


You are only entitled to the opinion you can defend. I point out I have a CS background because most people are full of shit here. I don't care who you are or anything else, I am only interested in how sound your arguments are and I have to say they are lacking for the reasons stated above. I also don't care if you have a phd from some high class uni either because I can confidently say that people in my faculty who are "smarter" than me wrote off Bitcoin years ago, phds don't mean shit when it comes to fully evaluating Bitcoin. So stop being pissy over education level, I only mentioned it because I am sick of arguing with teenagers. I don't care, all I care about is how sound your arguments are.
@_date: 2014-03-23 03:01:41
Yes, yes, I've heard your broken record that amounts to logic many times already, yet, you are simply full of denial and circular logic, it does not impress me.
I have far better uses of my time than wasting it explaining how the world actually works, especially to someone that hears nothing but his own voice in a discussion.
BTW, the political shit needs to be removed from the sidebar because Bitcoin is politically neutral, that is what this was all about after all. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 04:03:34
Thanks I missed that, I can see how this can happen now. Address reuse for both parties would have almost completely mitigated, but I'm confused about why he feels creeped out about it. He lets his banks see everything he buys, and they will use that info to sell him financial products, credit cards, etc.  and if they see you using your money in supposedly suspicious ways they can freeze, or even seize your money.
That creeps me out far more than this guy's situation. Besides in his case, he can easily take action to address the probelm, with a bank you are SOL.
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:27:14
It based on the probability of how likely your transaction could be disrupted by a double spend if you were trying to do so. Across the top is the number of confirmations (how many blocks have been generated since your transaction entered the blockchain), and the right is the hash power you need to be using to try to double-spend that money. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 17:30:32
Yes, this is true, I knew before hand but omitted it because I was looking at it from a Joe average perspective. But yeah, Satoshilabs really has gone above and beyond to make a fantastic product. Huge props to them and so glad it came to fruition compared many others that stumbled and fell along the way. 
@_date: 2014-09-14 03:15:32
Bitcoin's power is in it decentralisation, it's network effect, and it's near zero barrier to entry (among many other things). Neither IBM, nor any other government can clone those attributes without severely tainting them. It's a foolish proposition to build and distribute an in-house solution when there will always be a far superior one staring them in the face.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:06:03
Yep, I remember that sticking out when I first read it too, I'm Australian born so I thought, damn, he can't possibly be Japanese if he's talking like that.
Saying "bloody hard" is extremely common here, but yes, it's also a British thing too. The way he said it though sounded almost colloquial Aussie at the time. Maybe he slipped into more casual speech and let his guard down? I guess the jury is out on that one but it's fun to speculate :).
Aussies also use British spelling almost ~~exclusively too~~ Ed. actually on second thought, we do kind of pepper British and American spelling to a degree, but usually lean towards British, but it can vary a lot.
@_date: 2014-01-16 10:52:38
As high as it needs to go in order to do the holder's intended  commerce.
@_date: 2014-10-19 15:06:55


This is what money is used for, it buys the things you want, and motivates others to build things people want, like it or not but open source is not a charity, everyone open sources their software in exchange for something. Whether it be testing, credit, transparency, putting a dent in competitors. People don't do it out of the goodness of their hearts, get used to it.


Other cool stories I recommend are in the sub's search bar when you type in "hacked", nothing is free, not Bitcoin, not security, not open source. Eveyone's in it to get something out of it and to think otherwise is to be woefully idealistic, Satoshi labs has made a calculated tradeoff to try and keep most happy.
There is always a trade-off.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:36:01
Good point. I don't know if Visa and Mastercard do debit only cards over there. If you are going to post stats though you should share the link in the post so people can verify.
I'm assuming [this is the one](
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:21:36


| Year|None   | 1-2    | 3-4     | 5-6|7+|Mean (incl. those with none)|Mean (card owners only)|
| 2014|  29%|  33% |18%|9%|7%|2.6|3.7 |
@_date: 2015-05-07 17:54:44


@_date: 2014-11-22 07:44:10
I think we as a community need to definitely explore the side/tree chain option because right now Bitcoin is already using a very dirty one way pegged sidechain model where people use things like proof of burn (which I think is incredibly wasteful) or more sketchy funding methods like sending money to developers for a proportional number of these new atl/sidechain coins. These dirty side chains, as I like to call them, don't protect the bitcoin holders, and makes the bitcoins they contribute irretrievable down the line if the alt fails. 
Side/tree chains could better protect users and deter scams (as well as potentially making the alts more secure by taking advantage of the massive mining power Bitcoin offers), while also spurring innovation that could benefit everyone. Dirty sidechains are already happening and people will keep using proof of burn and very questionable funding methods regardless, I'd much rather we make it safer and easier for users. 
Side/tree chains is not a certainty though, people shouldn't rush in assuming that side/tree chains are an inevitability, but we have to acknowledge that there is a strong need for side/tree chains and that if it can be developed and integrated into Bitcoin where it doesn't pervert existing mining incentives or undermine the security of Bitcoin, and alts that would exist on top of it, then it should definitely be pursued. Even if certain problems can't be overcome, this shouldn't mean it should be abandoned, as solutions to these problems could be developed in the future.
The reality is dirty side chains are already here, so trying to avoid/deter use of sidechains is simply folly. If they can be integrated into Bitcoin safely then it should be pursued IMO.
@_date: 2014-02-04 06:45:14


It means you can use labels to ignore their arguments. And the no true scotsman fallacy that you use is an inverse of it's actual effects (IOW you use the [all true Scotsmen variant]( it is still the fallacy you are using just with the outcomes switched. Nitpicking by focusing unduly on a trivial application of the NTSF is simply detracting from the fact that you continually try to defend your use of labels as a valid form of reasoning, which it plainly is not.
Eg. (the first example taken from [wikipedia](
    Person 1: "All Scotsmen love ale."
    Person 2: "I am Scottish, but I don't love ale."
    Person 1: "Then you are not a true Scotsman." 
and your application of fallacious logic regarding statists.
    Person 1: "A statist cannot rationally hope for Bitcoin to succeed."
    Person 2: "I am a statist, but I still think Bitcoin can succeed, **and explains how Bitcoin can succeed**."
    Person 1: "Then you are not a true statist, because they could never rationally hope Bitcoin could succeed." 
Edit: This is how the goalposts are moved, you simply recategorise the person's label to not be a statist so your statement remains true regardless, thus ignoring the other person's logical reasoning which allows yourself and others to lump on even more damning claims about statists without ever having to prove they are true. (sorry there was a few re-edits here)






I have already addressed your quoting Satoshi as a baseless justification for your sweeping statements that "Everything about Bitcoin is specifically designed to be anti-government.", here is it quoted from my last two links in the [two]( previous [posts](




























@_date: 2014-02-02 14:20:55
I'm not so sure about Etherium. Etherium is very much in danger of going the route of Ripple, in the sense that is trying to do something that 99% of people don't actually need because Bitcoin is good enough already, and it's founders are obviously trying to make a lot of money on it. And when people have a vested interest in a project, they tend to be far less honest. On reading the so called whitepaper it states it will be apportioning much of the block rewards to financial backers which means there is a huge conflict of interest. 
I also get very wary when I hear talks, presentations, excitement, *hype* and no code. Ripple/Diaspora is a classic example where the ideas were great, revolutionary, etc. but the people behind it simply couldn't fulfil such a grandiose dream, from setbacks, pressure, resources, etc. Ripple was doubly bad because they premined, hid code, constantly hyped, etc. Etherium looks to be almost as bad in those respects.
I would much rather they shut up about it, get to work and release something, THEN do the presentation circuit.
Even when I first discovered Bitcoin I new the idea was fantastic, but I also knew as a programmer, that if the code was crap, it was not going to matter. After reading dozens of programmers' discussions on the forum, it was only then that I felt confident that Bitcoin had a chance of succeeding. Etherium needs code (and rock solid code), not a cheerleading squad getting all dreamy-eyed over the possibilities (and spriuking the idea like an IPO).
Anyone getting enthused about simply the "possibilities" needs to take a step back and scrutinise the rest of this project, strictly from my point of view, the more I learn about it, the more it smells.
Edit: Found the code repository, so at least there's that.
@_date: 2014-01-13 06:21:53
If your perogative is wilful ignorance of the facts, then I can't stop you. 
I argue with numbers, [here]( is a measure of Bitcoin's volatility over the last three years. I don't ride faith like a noble steed into battle, I look at the trends, and [volatility has trended downwards]( regardless of what you say.
Having more vendors *does* reduce volatility, because it is it's own form of liquidity. More vendors, means more people can divest themselves of Bitcoins, and that is Bitcoin related commerce, not speculative buying/selling. Even if 99% of those coins get sold by the merchants it doesn't matter, it is liquidity no matter how you want to spin it. More vendors doing the same means even less speculative trading comparatively. Price discovery becomes far more honest as a result since people have more incentive to spend and use Bitcoins because there are more markets to use them in, thus the speculative ups and downs smooth out over time since it is harder to drive up the price over the commerce related noise. More holders/users of Bitcoins, means fewer large holders, which means the market moves less, thus fewer whales etc.
Comfort yourself with ideology if you like, but the evidence is clear.
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:10:56
It doesn't bother me one bit. It is patently apparrent that Mt Gox is trying to shift blame away from their own incompetence. Painting every other exchange, client, service, and node with the same brush is an outright lie on Mt Gox's part. Unfortunately most people are not tech-savy enough to separate the wheat from the chaff and this is exacerbating things considerably.
Besides the fact that this has been well known and documented since 2011, and the fact that Mt Gox uses custom software which is not used by any other client and exchange, and the fact that devs have already made it clear that this is not a network breaking glitch, and lastly the fact that the only exchange so far that has angry users being unable to withdraw their funds is Mt Gox users, we can rest assured that Mt Gox fucked up and is trying to avoid copping the heat.
Mt Gox's fuckup is a very clear message of how *not* to manage the verification of transactions being sent out and you can be certain that every other exchange is going to be double checking their in-house code so they can avoid the same fate. The reaction from the ommunity alone should be incentive enough to keep the other exchanges/services in line.
I personally don't hate Mt Gox, I have no money with them, nor do I use their services. But I have been part of the Bitcoin scene for years now and Mt Gox has had a very rocky past, but every other time they've at least admitted they fucked up. This time is different though, they continually foot drag with being transparent about issues, and every word in their most recent announcement was phrased to distance themselves from the problem as much as possible, and to avoid being seen as the ones that messed up. To longtimers, it's easy to see the obvious lie, but too many people trust Mt Gox still and their wording without appropriate context and background can be construed as damning to say the least.
They put ass covering ahead of the Bitcoin network and lied through their teeth. Along with all their other fuckups people are finally saying that they've gone too far, and I'm afraid I agree with them.
@_date: 2014-03-28 17:02:59
Do you have a link to the article? I read it a while back but have no idea where it is. That would certainly clear it up.
@_date: 2014-12-01 16:37:39


Because that's what it is. Theft. You are seizing funds as you describe it. 


No they won't because we've already seen what happens when a company that holds many users' coins is not scrutinised. Expect proof of reserves to be a reality in the years to come, and it may even be legislatively enforced.


People can and will store funds more securely because people are continually working on usability improvements. People may be lazy and dumb, but interfaces will get simplified over time guaranteed. You are simply scaremongering.
@_date: 2014-01-28 12:29:45
Yes, and anyone that uses a creditcard is not using USD either since the company that accepted the CC uses a company to settle the transaction with USD after the fact.
It's arguing over semantics and it is irrelevant. Overstock accepted Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-24 03:27:10
I didn't recommend it, I copied an excerpt from it because it helpfully explained the mentality of why average joe will probably not get into Bitcoin before WS.
Since you seem to be well read on the subject, what books would you recommend?
@_date: 2015-05-11 05:06:16
A Trezor or Ledger might be what you have in mind.
@_date: 2015-05-17 04:05:56
I've actually had these very same thoughts :D . It's astonishing that people call this kind of reasoning crazy talk when it's clear as day that the planet is being turned into a garbage heap and most governments of the world are already irreparably in the red, and are *still* constantly adding more and more debt.
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:26:03
The Satoshi die is cast!
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:22:26
You may be right, people have stayed in Gox with the past, but people didn't have many options before, it could be very different this time round. I do hope they get through it and learn from their madness.
In any case, I have popcorn, and I am not going anywhere :)
@_date: 2014-10-15 06:30:38
This situation is very similar to when governments were 100% serious about [regulating cryptographic algorithms to control it's exportation]( What Lawsky is doing is surprisingly similar, and IMO will be utterly useless in the years to come because people will either ignore it, or find ways around it. 
No-one gave a shit about the distribution of cryptographic algorithms because it simply can't be enforced, and I'm quite certain that the vast majority of businesses will just quietly ignore/conduct business around any country/state that tries to regulate Bitcoin business in an overly restrictive fashion. The bottom line is they can only regulate/punish people/businesses that is enforceable. Enforcing something of this nature is going to be even harder than the ongoing and utterly fruitless IP enforcement. The only thing Lawsky can possibly enforce is where bitcoin overlaps with existing financial systems and even then he can only coerce those that operate within the government's influence. But even then people can still choose to exchange in person with cash, or any number of other methods for nefarious purposes. All he'll be doing is punishing legitimate businesses that try to do everything right, and more illegal uses of Bitcoin will still have ample means of sidestepping authorities.
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:10:48
Coinjar.io, +2% fee, gyft, -3%, miner fee, negligible. No personal information given, no hidden fees, legal paperwork, requiring bank accounts, or other arbitrary 3rd parties, unfreezable (noone can seize my funds), borderless (noone can stop me spending my money, or restrict who I send it too) and fast (as opposed to [fucking paypal]( that makes me wait a week just to transfer funds in/out of my account and gives me shitty currency conversion rates too).
Unlike banks/payment processors/governments, I'm not holding you over a barrel to use Bitcoin, if it doesn't fit your needs, stop obsessing over it and use something else, Bitcoin suits my purposes incredibly well. 
Ed: a number.
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:53:10
No worries glad I could help :)
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:03:35
The internet also has quirks, but we don't blame the internet when they are exploited and disrupt services, we blame the people that failed to anticipate and plan around and mitigate the effects of these quirks that could disrupt the services they run.
When a person runs a website, they go to great pains to make sure the site is always running, the users expect it, and it is the site owner's responsibility to keep it running and to be aware of, and anticipate events that could send it offline.
If a malicious entity DDoSes a site, a known "quirk" of the internet that has been around for years, but the site owner does not actively plan for such an event that is well known, then the responsibility does lay at the feet of the operator. His lack of planning, or ignorance of what most others considered common knowledge is the operator's fault.
Noone will be shaking fists at the DDoSers since it is something that is known, and can't be stopped by redesigning the internet, noone will be shaking their fists at the internet for it's flaw. Everyone knows the quirk exists, it is well documented, and workarounds to help mitigate exploitation of this quirk are well known.
I see no difference between that and Mt Gox's problems right now. If this malleability problem had blindsided everyone, then yes, there's very little that could be done to mitigate it since no-one knew about it. Everyone is in the same mess, but that is not how this has played out.
Edit: I'm not making reference to the txn maleability that was used to spam services/wallets, I'm only referring to Mt Gox's borked handling of transactions in their site. The txn malleability DoS did blindside everyone so Mt Gox is not at fault there, but they are definitely at fault for not being aware of txn malleability affecting their withdrawals IMO.
@_date: 2014-10-25 10:26:27
I see anything/one that uses "2.0" is simply using it as a marketing or sensationalised buzzword. It is vaporware in it's purest form IMO. Side/tree chains do have a lot of promise though, but attaching "2.0" to the end of it is just needless sensationalism.
I think it is very safe to say that whatever "Bitcoin 2.0" constitutes, it will still be the same old blockchain, just with bigger/better features. In all honesty I reckon once Bitcoin can scale up more efficiently, that will be reason enough to be joyous. Side/tree chains will probably usher in the so-called 2.0 era as people see it, but that is likely to be years away, and though I'm sure many would see it as important for Bitcoin's growth, it's more of a nice-to-have feature than a must-have. Rather than features propelling Bitcoin forward, usability, scalability, and security are far more important, at least in the short term.
@_date: 2014-01-02 10:11:13
Back in 2011-12 difficulty very much was in lockstep with price because users were mining using GPUs. The zero upfront costs and the fact that GPUs were not a sunk cost since they could be used for things other than mining meant that the difficulty was very responsive to price. Most users didn't have any sunk costs and could mine on and off day by day according to whether it was profitable or not. Now however the dynamic has changed significantly with ASICs. The sunk cost is a given and miners have no choice but to recoup their costs first, what with ASICs being far more efficient, most have no fear of running at a loss, but coupled with the slower rollout of ASICs with lead times of sometimes several months, compared to powering on your gaming rig, or popping down to the hardware shop to pick up a GPU, this means that price fluctuations have less effect on mining hashrate since most miners are playing catchup, and with their sunk costs, have pretty much already committed themselves to mining for many months before they've received their hardware.
It's not great news for miners (at least for the ones that have waited several months for less efficient hardware), but it's great for the Bitcoin network security wise and will bolster the price over the long term since miners have less opportunity to be fickle about when they will mine, most/all, will be happy to mine at a loss in the short term since there is a strong possibility the value will increase regardless over the longer term.
I reckon, give it two more years before the ASIC rush calms to the point that hashrate begins to follow price again, by then, most ASICs will have saturated the market, the optimisations of chips will probably be reaching it's zenith and the sunk costs of most miner's will have been recovered, such that they are purely running according to profit again.
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:35:42
The signs at Mt Gox are not the kinds of news I'd consider good, at least for people that have funds there. If I were to put a positive spin on it, it may be they have gotten someone in to tell them they've fucked up and have to limit the damage to themselves, rather than pulling Bitcoin down with them, so the resignation from the foundation (a very good thing IMO) and clearing their tweets may be them trying to keep the damage in house. But that said, they've probably also been served, and are about to enter a legal firestorm as many very unhappy customers take legal action against them. 
What's next? Hopefully they'll shut the fuck up, fix their withdrawal problems, and get people their money back. That only works if they are solvent though, so until we know that it's anyone's guess whether they will sort things out. A sincere explanation of why things have gotten to this state would also be good, but I'm betting a lot of the reason they've been so quiet these days is because of legal cases they are involved in. I have no doubt their complete lack of communication is because lawyers are telling them to STFU to protect them. But unfortunately this very act makes everyone else's lives a nightmare when it comes to finding out why this and that has happened with other unrelated problems.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:14:55
Bitcoin is also becoming more liquid by the day. Companies/businesses are still continually announcing their adoption of Bitcoin as a payment method (Neo and Bee anyone?). More announcements of Bitcoin ATMs. The Winklevoss ETF is still moving forward. Large porn sites are getting on board the cryptocurrency train. Huge numbers of development projects being initiated/coming to fruition like the trezor, coinjoin, stealth addresses. Bitcoin 0.9 is ready to be released soon with significant merchant tools to make transacting safer/easier. 
Gox is definitely a black mark, but the fundamentals haven't really changed, if anything they are getting stronger.
@_date: 2014-12-23 18:42:59
An excerpt from the book Rich Dad, Poor Dad:




































@_date: 2014-04-19 14:14:55
Support for 13.04 would also be nice, mayhap anyone know if there is another trusted source that has 13.04 packages available?
@_date: 2014-03-15 09:31:56
Bitcoin is not going away. It's just too damn useful.
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:51:35


Correct, you bought it with credit, not real money (not, cash, IOW that company, by your *same* use of logic, DOES NOT ACCEPT USD), not something you earned, not something you possess, you bought it with a promise that was granted on behalf of another company. They settled in dollars, but you never bought with dollars, you bought with "phantom" dollars for lack of a better word, but the company you purchased from still accepted the "phantom" money and called it USD. Now, did that company accept? If the answer is yes, then it can be reasonably assumed they never accepted USD, they accepted a promise granted on behalf of a third party that promised to settle according to the other company's terms (be it USD, AUD, CAD, BTC, or whatever currency the company needs). Therefore any company that only accepts paypal, or visa/mastercard, and not cash in the mail NEVER accepts USD, they accept your purchase, contingent on the promise of third parties.
Not you.
Saying Overstock does not accept Bitcoin because a third party settles with the company later is exactly like saying any company that only accepts paypal, credit cards, cheques, money orders, etc. does not accept USD.
This is the logic you are using. And I staunchly believe it is wrong and simply a play on semantics to try and avoid admitting that Bitcoin is being accepted by Overstock.com et al..
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:03:00
I covered [something similar]( with regards to the supposed (and false) distribution of wealth.
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:14:54
 &gt; Dear ~~Russians~~ world, Capital controls are coming
@_date: 2015-05-12 10:42:28


If that happens I'd be surprised, happy, but nevertheless [surprised](


As a whisky drinker I'd happily stump up the money for a bottle of this :).
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:01:10
Yeah, laugh off the fact that you egged on people that could have lost everything and now that some have, you poke fun at me. Classy.
All you do is attack people and belittle them like you are a knowall. You hamster away the truth under a veneer of righteousness.
I called out anon_bitcoin_gambler for claiming that he was not greedy, when it was absolutely obvious he was doing it for his own ends and was risking complete ruin by doing so, then you barge in berating me because *you* think it was a good idea for this guy to bet it all. Memory bad? Here, let me jog it.












and then you swoop in to the rescue with this, even though OP agreed with me.


Then your worthless tirade of vitriol ensues.
Others did exactly the same and now they *are* ruined, and here you stand with a shit eating grin making fun of the fact by belittling my warnings.
I am used to little constructive content from you. After all, hamsters gonna hamst. Be self-righteous, closeminded, idealistic fanboy all you like.
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:48:38
IPv4, why the fuck do we still use this antiquated shit?
Because everyone does.
Ed: That said, I think Bitcoin has at least a good 50 years ahead of it....
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:25:39
As another astute user here pointed out, stock goes up and down according to expectations. If the news meets or exceeds the expectations it goes up, if it doesn't meet expectations it goes down. 
Kind of why even though Apple has had huge profits, it still dropped in price, but that was because Apple stock holders expected an *even bigger* profit than what was made.
It is such a loaded title. Unless Overstock reported huge losses, and their future prospects looked quite grim, no, it is not an attempt to save a dying company. It is simply that Overstock did not meet the expectation of some stock holders and they sold, if pugwash79 is correct, things are if anything looking up, Revenue up 19%, gross profit up 25%, Net income up 503%. 
Dying? Nope.
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:40:16
I'm not ashamed to point out that I [called]( out [Etherium]( for being a [bullshit]( idea [weeks]( ago.
If people get this worked up about a relatively harmless (with regards to security in the blockchain) bug in Bitcoin, people should be treating Etherium and it's ilk like aids.
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:40:28
Do you actually think Coinbase stealing everyone's funds and forcing them to a paypal 2.0 system will keep their customers/merchants? I think not. Seizing people's property has never been an easy sell, and often backfires. I simply don't consider your scenario as plausible. If you really think something like this could happen, then you should link to a real world example.
Fyi, that was a terrible example to use BTW as Coinbase has already begun introducing [multisig so that Coinbase will never have exclusive control over a user's coins](


Actually you can as I showed above. Also Mytrezor.com allows me to use a centralised service for my wallet with the Trezor device anywhere I like without requiring wallet software and not long after the Trezor hit the market, Electrum and others began integrating it into their software. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 16:27:52
He's hinting that he is [Smauging]( while everyone else is distracted with using the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-11-15 01:32:01
That's a bad analogy because it has a number of inconsistencies. The car's ownership is not linked to whoever has a copy of the key, sure you can drive off with the car, but you can't claim ownership because it is registered in the government's DMV database. A Bitcoin's private key implies control AND ownership.
A better analogy is if this hidden compartment contained the deed to a house, car or shares in a company. Could I claim control/ownership of the house/car/shares, by taking the deed and registering the property/car/shares in my name? In many cases, unless the previous owner claims theft, and as long as no fraud occurred, the person that discovers the deeds in a small hidden compartment can do just that.
@_date: 2014-07-18 10:27:20


That would mean a white coin holder has less fungible coins so will be incentivised to avoid white coins as much as possible, and it would be impossible to punish someone who spends white coins with a black business because a prosecutor would have to prove you had dealings with a black business, but even before that, the coins can be mixed with fresh addresses, with face to face exchanges, by using coinjoin, via an altcoin exchange (good luck punishing someone that sends coins to an alt exchange sells their BTC for litecoin, and then exchanges them back for BTC again), or a number of other methods only limited by your imagination, how does a prosecutor tell which occurred? The answer is unless you have 100% control over the network of transactions and identity's connected to every single address, you can't. It's just not plausible or practical, the ledger may be transparent for which address holds what balances, but it is impossible to know who controls which address unless 100% of the addresses are connected to an identity. If you are a prosecutor trying to connect a transaction to a crime, even 1 unknown address involved in a transaction completely throws into doubt the veracity of the other n-1 addresses. Reasonable doubt would see any prosecutions based on addresses alone thrown out. It's even possible to hide communication between the two parties via stealth addresses, making communications even more private and making connections between two parties even more difficult. Someone could use coinjoin to send funds to an alt exchange that only accepts funds via stealth addresses, get LTC, go to another alt exchange using coinjoin and stealth addresses again to exchange back to BTC from a completely different exchange. The bottom line is moving white coins back to black will happen and it will be incredibly easy, your scenario only becomes a reality if coins made white stay white, but we know people will do what I mentioned above, even if only 1 in 10 whitened coins got blackened again, it would completely obviate the effectiveness of whitening coins as a means of controlling/monitoring transactions.


They only control the edges, namely the banks/businesses that handle both Bitcoin and fiat, but be assured that as Bitcoin grows, less and less businesses will be handling fiat in the future, and it's certain governments/banks will never be able to reach into the Bitcoin network to force compliance, punish through seizure, confiscation or freezing, nor will they ever be able to pull back the pseudonymity curtain draped over the vast majority of transactions that occur within the Bitcoin network.
IMHO the government has three choices, either lead, follow, or get out of the way :).
Edit: Otherwise I think we'll see their regulating Bitcoin like fiat is going to be about as effective as their attempt to control the [exportation of cryptography]( back in the 90s.
@_date: 2015-05-31 11:32:19


If that is how we are measuring who is a core developer or not then wouldn't Peter Todd also fall under that definition? They've both contributed to Bitcoin in many areas, including the core software, so I reckon they both deserve the title.


That's simple, there's money on the line. The decision for or against could ruin investment, or damage profits, and since they have vocal opinions on the matter that others takes seriously they will be scrutinised for bias. There is nothing in his spec that indicates any contingencies if the block size rises, the onboard space is 256gb max and needs to last 3 years, that means that if the blocks are 20mb and they get filled the BitSats will run out of space as full nodes. I'm not interested in badgering people on their personal investments, but if he is going to weigh in on the subject then he should at least have the courtesy to share his thoughts/feelings on how the block size issue could impact his BitSat project. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:23:12
Not crazy at all. I think there are a lot of people that really don't appreciate how monumental that really was. For years previous to that we were all downright panicky about how Bitcoin would be received around the world, and I think we all gave a collective sigh of relief when the vast majority of governments round the world recognised it as not being illegal, or in need of being made illegal. Luckily it already had enough penetration into legitimate markets for it to be considered a currency.
@_date: 2014-01-12 02:37:03
No, it doesn't. It's irrelevant for the users, they held coins, they bought with coins, they got their product. 
OP's statement is false. Overstock *does* actually take Bitcoins as payment.
What they don't do is hold bitcoins for further commerce. That is a completely different situation.
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:02:11
Am I missing something? Most exchanges have AML/KYC policies for users, ATMs in USA have been complying with relevant laws, Kraken and other US based exchanges are complying with state based laws and registering as MSBs, political fundraising is factored in for accepting Bitcoins, taxes FWIH has been factored in for Bitcoins, what am I missing?
Are they going to try and make laws for bitcoin transactions themselves? How would that even work? Would smalls business have to have a AML/KYC policy? Will Bitcoin users need to register their bitcoins or something? Will businesses need to register every transaction with a government agency? Will they register a deterministic address so that every single transaction address used by the business can be vetted?
Seriously, can someone explain *how* they could regulate Bitcoin? And if they did the above, then why isn't paper money and coinage treated the same way? Why aren't notes' serial numbers registered as it passes through each business etc. If so, how would this not be a gross breach of privacy and not impact on free speech and commerce? Will someone in the government be holding onto the private keys of every user and business "just in case"?
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:00:21
Here's the post on [bitcointalk]( at the time showing many passwords were cracked very quickly, and the [dailytech.com]( has a nice blow by blow article. As I understand it the passwords were hashed using MD5 but some were [not salted at all](
MtGox has had a lot of problems over the years, I'm impressed they've lasted as long as they have with all the problems that constantly pop up. Things have almost never gone smoothly with them.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:58:49
Wait a sec, I have to get my violin... I have a lot of trouble finding it, it's so small...
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:17:45
I covered this in another thread, but I think it's worth saying again with a few additions.
























@_date: 2014-02-23 11:29:51
Unlike others, it was not when I read the whitepaper that I thought that Bitcoin was going to be a real thing. After reading it, I was sold on the idea, but not yet on the code.
It was actually the developers that convinced me. As a developer I know firsthand that something on paper does not always work out in practice. Bugs and bad programming can unravel a project very quickly, especially when something puporting to be a money claims it is secure.
After reading the paper I knew that if the project was legit I'd have to follow the forums to see what people thought. I didn't have time to try and understand someone else's code because I was already neck deep in my honors work so the best I could manage to check the code for me was other programmers. Programmers are notorious bug hunters and will very quickly pick apart bad programming on sight. Open source is particularly good at this so I knew if the other programmers that read and worked on it generally approved then we had a winner. None of that happened, there was lots of chatter and discussion, but noone badmouthed the code. In any project, this is rare, but for something where bug free code had to be flawless on the first go, I was surprised to say the least.
After a week of watching the dev lists and probably covering a hundred or more threads, I was convinced Bitcoin was real. I'd also used it in the meantime so I was pretty satisfied the project/network was legit.
Been following it ever since.
@_date: 2015-05-04 17:07:34


Then I guess you should never responded to begin with. I wasn't the one that asked to have this conversation with you. I already condensed exactly what you did wrong, down to one sentence even. You took a disagreement that was between devs and turned it into a public brawl of words.
BTW, you can't force miners to upgrade to BIP 16 or BIP 17 for that matter. Now you are the one that is not making sense.
@_date: 2014-11-27 14:08:28
He wasn't referencing old white men as a whole, he was referring to old white men that don't understand a new technology, but still proceed to bash it. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:20:26
No I'm not, and Paypal doesn't protect honest merchants, it punishes them when they do everything right by leaving them out of pocket, as well as forcing merchants to raise prices for all their honest customers to cover the costs of the fraud, I said,


Bitcoin is not designed to protect against fraud (via reversals etc) that is for other services to provide, this means that it is OPTIONAL, unlike Paypal, CCs, banks etc. that force every user to pay extra fees for services they may never have wanted, or never used as this is legislated and mandatory, even when the risk is nil, the customer never wants that service, etc. etc.


It would probably be just like any other case of handling stolen property, there's nothing new there, this doesn't make it any worse than traditional payment processors. It's better for the merchant in this case because unlike Paypal, he has full control over his money, and the government won't be able to freeze/seize his coins unless they actually have legal grounds to do so and the merchant is willing to co-operate. It will make government agencies more rigorous in their investigations before they start taking everyone's money and force them to go through proper legal channels first. Rather than seize first, ask questions and let the merchant's business crash and burn later.


Customers don't need to hassle the payment processor, bank and the business in order to get their money back, with Bitcoin, they simply go to the merchant and haul him into the courtroom. No third party.
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:39:43
Coinjar are very reliable and reputed. They also have EFTPOS cards you can load using Bitcoin if people are looking to accept Bitcoin and want to spend them.
@_date: 2014-11-02 16:27:30
Congrats, I am nearing my doctorate in computer science. Botnets don't go away, shutting them down only works if they stay shut down, which is almost never. 


Yes, and that is only because the difficulty is so insanely high that they can't mine solo, FYI, the only reason that pools exist is because of GPU and ASIC mining to begin with, otherwise botnets could be even be stronger by just infecting machines and mining solo if it weren't for ASICs.
Unless you eradicated viruses, trojans, general malware, backdoors, keyloggers, and then eradicate tor so that these entities can't cover their tracks, then there will always be botnets. Unless you can simultaneously and permanently fix these problems, they will always be a problem.


and this is why ASICs make botnets obsolete:
I know you're going to say you want peer reviewed conference/journal papers so after a cursory google scholar search you could have done yourself, here you go:
Edit: typos, readability.
 If you are not interested in reading the link the last one's conclusion reads thus:


larger botnets, such as Dload.asia, ultimately use public mining
pools either directly or via proxies to coordinate their mining
operations. However, it is challenging for public pool operators
to disable their accounts due to the risk of retaliation. While
Bitcoin mining might become unprofitable even for lower
cost bots due to specialized hardware, other cryptographic
currencies such as Litecoin might continue to be profitable
 IOW, ASICs put them out of business, but other CPU-coins are still ripe for the plundering.
@_date: 2015-05-31 11:12:52


Mike Hearn also supports a block increase. Also consider that other devs have a vested interest in other ways in keeping the blocks at 1mb. I would be interested in hearing from Jeff Garzik on this because of his BitSat project to launch mini satellites into orbit as fully verifying nodes. I've read the BitSat spec and it seems like there is no consideration for larger blocks in his mini-sat design (or any contingencies if the block size does increase). He may be siding with the 1mb camp as larger blocks may make his project defunct, or at the very least could cripple it's functionality. His project is ambitious and will cost a great deal of money but an increase to the block size could jeopardise it.
@_date: 2014-02-16 07:43:06
hehe :D don't mind nobodybelieveshim. ;)
The harder the trolls troll and the more shrill they get, is simply an indicator they are getting more and more uptight. It's been great watching their frustration levels rise as they stick around longer and the more persistently they post, esp when their gloating and Schadenfreude posting simply gets brushed aside or ignored. 
I've actually come to enjoy the pointless relentless trollers there, It's like watching dogs barking at cars.
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:46:43
Shhhh! You're not supposed to make observations like this as it gets in the way of the sensationalist FUD-fueled buzzwords like "decentralisation!", "fee pressure!", and "off-chain transactions!" being flung around right now.
@_date: 2015-05-04 17:37:51
I partially agree with your viewpoint on the situation but the smarter approach would have been to warn everyone that the merged codebase was now BIP 16 only rather than locking horns and promoting your own. Having your own version gave you a perceived vested interest so your actions were seen as selfserving rather more than anything else. Rather than drawing attention to their behaviour, it instead became all about your behaviour which also came off as impatient, as you pushed out your own version, and reckless as you very obviously broke away from the main dev group which portrayed a my-way-or-the-highway mentality. Unfortunately your actions polarised people's opinion as everyone liked Gavin', while you looked like someone that wasn't a team player. 


Why didn't you simply make a pull request to allow people to turn it off? Then make a song and dance about how the devs were forcing BIP 16 onto users if they refused? That would have ringed with the community far better than anything else.
@_date: 2014-10-05 18:27:13
I appreciate bitcoin's growth too, but I've always been proactive with making sure people didn't get in over their head, so it's a pain when people react to these things by being critical/defensive, even when I've been warning everyone as often as I can that this is completely normal.
Unfortunately I can't prevent stupid, or greedy, but I'd hoped at least the rest were a bit more clued in, considering there's been years of ups and downs for them to learn from.
Maybe not.
@_date: 2014-01-30 14:28:10


Am I on the right sub? Because if you've been here for more than a couple of months (on a daily basis) you will see the entire spectrum of opinion get broadcast here on a regular basis.
Some times it's hugely positive, sometime it's tepid, other times it get's downright ugly, but it is never endlessly positive. Just remember, there are far more skeptics and non-bitcoin users than there are hardest of the hardcore, frothing at the mouth fanatics. It's just shitty moderating that refuses to ban outright abusive and antisocial users here. Unfortunately, they are the frothing at the mouth types.
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:31:35
Bitcoin will never be unhooked from the rest of the financial system completely, the last time currencies'/economies' were completely decoupled from other financial systems was before globalisation took hold, but it's reliance will become lessened as more bitcoin circulate within the network for longer before a transaction hits the old money system. Greater distribution of coins, as well as merchant adoption will help in those respects too.
I think the key is that right now people are more interested in exchanging fiat for Bitcoin because doing it other ways is far more difficult, mining is no longer easy, and 99.99% of companies do not offer payment in bitcoin either, so the simplest way is a direct fiat/bitcoin transaction (and a lot of transactions are still speculative rather than actual commerce or genuine economic activity too, so far more people want to buy bitcoin, rather than work/trade for it).
Because the system is so open though, I expect liquidity will rise, after all it is a free market and even if 50% of countries heavily regulated it, the countries that are less restrictive are likely to be more competitive and acquire more business, investment, and acceptance. Regulation (even strict regulation) may not be a wet blanket in some cases, I'm certain a lot of big businesses are actually actively avoiding Bitcoin because there is no clear regulatory framework. It's ironic that businesses would avoid a free market in preference for a more restrictive one, but I guess we'll just have to wait and see how it all turns out.
@_date: 2015-05-02 20:09:28
[Indeed]( [In-fucking-deed](
@_date: 2015-05-04 15:37:44
[coolbitx]( is doing something vaguely similar.
@_date: 2015-05-07 18:56:37


Lucky for us the developers are an impotent cog in this process, instead the miners, as well as the general population will be the ones that will be the final arbiters and for that I am glad as the general populace does not buy lies peddled by those with self serving agendas. Toxic fear mongering failed miserably in the past with the last fork and it will do the same again this time.
@_date: 2015-05-14 13:00:25
It's brilliant marketing actually, I can already imagine the conversations around the office.
Developer: "You can even color Bitcoins!"
Clueless schmuck: "Really? Can I get mine in cornflour blue?"
Developer: "I hate you."
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:40:49
Yeah, the currency whose leader uses his economy to start wars. If only there was a way to wrest control of a currency away from such psychopaths so that no-one were able to manipulate the currency the people uses for their own selfish ends.....
@_date: 2014-03-25 07:09:25


Absolutely, gold is a perfect example of an asset that never gets traded in shops as a currency, but is still a trillion dollar market because it has many qualities of money that can be traded on markets around the world. Bitcoin has even better properties than gold, so it's potential, and even current use is incredibly powerful.
@_date: 2015-05-04 16:37:12
I think this was one of the threads that really rubbed everyone the wrong way. It took a disagreement that was between devs and turned it into a public brawl of words.
@_date: 2015-05-07 18:27:47
Looks like Bitcoin just dipped it's toe into the mainstream. ;)
@_date: 2014-02-17 17:25:17
Good eye, edited!
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:35:36
 The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results, this is why after three days you are still here, and why I am enjoying every post. You already claimed I was trolling yet you are still here, I already said I had said all I needed to say on the subject, yet you are still here, I claimed I am toying with you, and yet, you are still here. You got pissy that your unsolicited opinion got not only rebuffed but thoroughly destroyed, and now you want to pretend it never happened, yet, you are *still* here. The only person having a bad time is you and yet you still hit the [reply button.](
@_date: 2014-10-10 01:37:03
Decentralisation is not "libertarian bullshit", decentralisation is the intrinsic benefit of using a blockchain with PoW and is the only feature that justifies using a blockchain and Pow in the first place. Using a blockchain while also controlling issuance and mining is like putting glitter on a turd.
@_date: 2014-10-05 12:52:29






I thought my post was pretty clear. Bitcoin is volatile (and has been like this from day one), stop acting so surprised. I'm yet to see how this statement is "moving goalposts" or offering a "flimsy defence" of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-11 12:19:11
Why not just analyse Litecoin?
@_date: 2015-05-04 19:20:28
This is the problem with appealing to the broader public, things get garbled and warped unless people are given ample time to digest all the facts, and people are very quick to latch onto biases. If more people had known that BIP 16 was already committed to the main branch, and if you had pointed out that BIP 16 was already being primed for release rather than actively trying to petition the wider community to adopt BIP 17, then I think people would have responded differently. By including BIP 17 you also lost the high ground in that fight. I retract what I said initially about comparing you to Peter, it is not a fair comparison, at least in the strictest sense. That said, I think you could have still handled that better, but I guess we all live and learn.
@_date: 2014-12-19 15:18:40
I never said I thought they did, I said it is increasingly more obvious that they are only interested in protecting themselves from criticism rather than doing the job they were intended to do. Bureaucracies making peoples life better (AKA doing their job) is a fantasy that is constantly peddled by government, and this is just one more example of that fact.
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:02:09
I'm not sure there was any lengthy pause there, if he did pause, he was only likely doing so because he was listening to the translator. I'd don't really think he hid his thoughts on the matter either, he very specifically stated that fiscal policy would be run via the people's purchasing power, namely the constituents of that country. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:29:44
*sigh* yep, It's one of *those* again. Yet another guy that seems to think that the blockchain and Bitcoins are two different things.
@_date: 2014-02-23 10:29:09
Well a lot of the things they want Etherium to do very firmly overlap with Bitcoin, other than that I get vague promises from what I've read (if you can tell me very specific use cases that Etherium claims to fulfil, and that Bitcoin has no hope of solving, then I'd be very interested to hear them, so I'm not totally closeminded on the idea, just incredibly sceptical, I have read the whitepaper BTW so I'm not blindly dismissing it either). This on it's own is not a sufficient justification for Etherium. Software development defines use cases, then develops around it, not backwards rationale that if you build it, people will find reasons to use it. That is a cardinal sin in software analysis. I should know, I used to tutor software development in my uni and it's a big nono.
Creating a new coin based on these vague promises is at best horribly misguided, and at worst a quasi-scam where a lot of people are going to waste time and effort (and probably money) on something that promises to deliver everything but creates nothing but problems.
Vaporware at it's finest.
The biggest irony is that Bitcoin will probably deliver on Etherium's promises before Etherium ever does. Just like Ripple's promises got steamrolled by OT, and Mastercoin got steamrolled by colored coins, and Zerocoin has almost gotten completely steamrolled by coinjoin and stealth addresses.
These things highlight that developing within the Bitcoin ecosystem is a far better solution than poo-pooing Bitcoin's inflexibility and trying to redesign the wheel. Too many developers have big egos and dollarsigns in their eyes to see this though.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:26:08
And finally you get it. I'm frankly sick of useless banter.
@_date: 2015-05-07 13:08:00
Yeah! There's no such thing as a queen ant, or a queen bee to ... wait.
@_date: 2015-05-07 07:04:56
You are completely on point. This is solid advice and I wish more people took this on board rather than trying to chase alts, mining, crypto scams parading as stocks etc. . Something I'd add though, I think it is also critical for bitcoin holders to not risk more than they are willing to lose. Too many overreach, lose money, and become overemotional and bitter during the swings in price. Don't put all your eggs in one basket and ensure you diversify your assets.
Ed: grammar.
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:10:43
I swear in my posts at times. It adds depth of feeling, and emphasis to how I am feeling. But I never swear *at* people. Even trolls (especially trolls actually), because that is when I'm no longer making a point and just letting someone get me angry. I've often found that when someone gets me supremely annoyed, it is far more satisfying to insult and offend them without swearing. 
Unfortunately we have a lot of libertarian and anarchistic minded posters here that think that open abuse of others here is ok, and that undiluted vitriol is somehow free speech and should be tolerated. Unfortunately they get a free pass for the above stated reasons and feel vindicated to behave badly here. This has had the negative effect of often eroding discussions to shouting matches and has been often used to derail others making valid points. 
I wouldn't say we need to be more professional, we just need to be more civil IMO. And the mods need to man up and remove openly and continually abusive posters.
@_date: 2014-03-04 08:04:03
[Definition of known quantity](
@_date: 2014-08-21 03:26:08
Clovergrove3 is all bravado and no substance, don't bother with him. I'm Australian and this does concern me, the next financial year is going to be very interesting. Others in different threads have stated that if Bitcoins are both bought and sold (or used to buy something) with GST applied, then the overlap can be claimed as a tax credit at the end of the financial year or something to that effect, if this were the case then the tax treatment is much less painful but it's really not clear whether that is the case or not. I will definitely be engaging a tax lawyer end of next financial year to make sure my ducks are in a row.
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:02:03
I agree, but as far as being an intangible digital records stored in a database that were initially worthless, but over time as the network effect increased became increasingly useful, they are a great way of demonstrating how this has happened in the past with other technologies. That's why I said they share similaraties only. Bitcoin definitely does not share the same fungibility as domain names, but domains and bitcoins are both assets that people buy, sell, steal, and both were initially worthless fields in a database until people found ways to make them useful.
Another which would share better fungibility would be IP address space. Originally they were handed out willy nilly, but nowadays are rationed, as their scarcity has increased their demand and thus their value. Compared to domains they are probably more fungible and share more similarities with Bitcoin in that respect.
@_date: 2014-09-22 13:03:36


No, [they aren't]( Wow, look at all those [nice smooth adoption lines]( hrmmm yes, very predictable. Most [new tech takes 10 years]( hu? hmmm, maybe not. The reality is *some* new tech rockets through adoption, but the only thing that is consistent is that every adoption rate is different, there is no guarantee of adoption, you just conveniently quote adoption rates for *succesful* techs, and completely ignore the ones that don't make it all the way, there are no smooth curves, nor does every tech reach a peak at the magical 10 year mark. So depending on a 10 year adoption rate so that you can predict a fair distribution is BS.


I'm sure people would have *loved* the many decades of inflation to come, rather than come to see Bitcoin become self sustaining in their lifetime. 


Of course you'd say that in hindsight but there is zero possibility that Satoshi could predict Bitcoin's growth pattern over time. He was conservative and gave Bitcoin lots of breathing room so that it could grow without being left without support, but he obviously wanted Bitcoin to be it's own self sustaining economy, not some network that prints money as a constant crutch to keep people using it. This is obvious because he used a geometric distribution, such that for a very long time to come, there will be a bare minimum block reward to keep miners interested just in case 10 years down the road transaction volume is still low. By that time though the majority of bitcoins will have been released so that the market can have a fair valuation without worrying about inflation eroding the value in the decades to come. This allows the system to be weaned off the inflation while still holding it's hand if it is necessary. It also provides an incentive for miners to include more and more transactions in the years to come as the reward lowers every 4 years.
You are so fixated on "fair" distribution, you are clearly blind to the other intricacies that help balance out other elements in the system, and how these elements help to make Bitcoin grow, rather than catering to every laggard several decades down the line. 
If you feel so supremely confident go make your perfectly-fair-distribution-coin and bask in your "if you build it, they will come" mentality. I wouldn't hold my breath though, it's obvious that your OP was a thinly veiled Ethereum pump.
@_date: 2014-10-06 11:23:18
Yeah, I told all my friends to [buy in big at $850]( /s
@_date: 2014-10-11 11:34:01
Trezor user here. It is super easy to setup, and super easy/fast to send a transaction. If there it is a downside, it would be the price, but in this case you really do get what you pay for IMO, and that is a great product that meet's people's expectations.
Armory is my  wallet but it is super slow to sync and still has a steep initial learning curve to setup (but it is free through). If Trezor were in the 20-30 dollar range it would be perfect, but may take a year or two and some competition to make that happen. That said, I'd still **strongly** recommend Trezor to anyone that is serious about security, but is not so technically inclined, and just want's to use the basic use cases of Bitcoin safely/easily/quickly.
@_date: 2014-11-22 16:34:42
I agree, I don't think the guy was trying to cause offence, but I think it was a bad choice of words. OP should have simply quoted the title of the article,
"Halsey Minor's Bitreserve Is Designed To Fix Bitcoin Volatility, But It Is Doing Much More",
rather than selecting quotes that can be easily be misinterpreted.
@_date: 2014-10-29 08:23:26
It may take them another 5 to realize that the blockchain's power can't be uncoupled from the Bitcoin network though. The only reason the blockchain is capable of doing what it does is because it has a zero barrier to entry which enables it to be 100% decentralised, without this attribute, the network destroys any chance of it being truly decentralised and by extension, truly secure.
@_date: 2014-01-29 04:19:24
"Do it? Dan, I'm not a Republic Serial villain. Do you seriously think I'd explain my master-stroke if there remained the slightest chance of you affecting its outcome? I did it thirty-five minutes ago." 
--Adrian Veidt/Ozymandias
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:08:56
Room full of sleeping cats + sudden noise = price drop.
@_date: 2014-02-21 07:32:56
Yep, if Linus was in Gavin's shoes, he would have torn strips off of Gox for trying to twist the blame onto the core devs.
@_date: 2015-05-11 13:52:00
[This is what a digital asset looks like without power.]( I have yet to see the power plants of the world simultaneously shut down though, so I don't think power outages are much of a threat to Bitcoin. Digital fiat has more to fear from an outage than Bitcoin does.
@_date: 2014-07-22 12:34:03
People will always find a reason to bitch, they'll bitch that the price is too high and that it is a bubble, or too low because it is being manipulated, too high volume because early adopters are cashing out (or "it's a bubble!"), or too low because people are not spending Bitcoin or "hoarding" it, or they'll bitch that new merchant adoption is pushing the price down because they cash all Bitcoin sales to USD or complain that the adoption is not genuine because they "don't accept bitcoin because they don't hold it like a bank, or don't pay their employees with it" or some shit.
The low transaction volume could be any number of things, it could be because more off chain transactions are happening with the big merchants with Bitpay/Coinbase, it could be because users are finally getting it and are saving more in Bitcoin than before, it could be that we've reached a stable equilibrium where the Bitcoin usage/adoption is flattening out to more stable levels or it simply could be that volume has simply adjusted relative to growth (which is the most likely imo). Monstrous volumes in the early days were with coins that were worth far less than they are now so it makes perfect sense that as the value rises, the volume will decrease, hell, back in the day, a day where volume was 150k in May 2013 at it's most extreme was valued at 100 USD making 80% of the global exchange volume of 15 mil on Mt Gox alone. At it's calmer time in August 2013 it was a piddling 25k on a good day, whereas now we have at least twenty or so exchanges with the combined dozen or so highest exchanges only having a volume of around 16k, but that's at 620 USD and that only counts the top 20  USD exchanges. This amounts to around 10million in USD in daily volume and that's and that's during the calmer months (!).
If people want perspective they need to compare the markets to similar times in August 2013 since that was when the buying/selling surge had stabilised, it was generally 25k (though still fluctuated a great deal from 15k to 50k back then) per day at around 115 USD meaning it was 2.8 million being exchanged per day on average on Mt Gox who still had the lion's share of trade volume making the economy even more fragile if/when Mt Gox had technical issues among other things), now (today) its a volume of 16k of the top 20 combined USD exchanges (so technically this volume should be higher), at around 620 USD meaning it is nearly 10 million USD being traded per day in USD alone, but that also omits the fact that there are 20+ exchanges now operating, and doesn't take into account the influx of off chain transactions that Coinbase and Bitpay also handle an ever growing number, and also omit's China's et al. trading volumes (since they can't be trusted).
IMO, if people are looking at volume as a market indicator they're looking in the wrong places.
@_date: 2015-05-06 09:45:05
I'm guessing it's because Gavin and others don't want a protracted delay, and the change to a fixed 20mb limit is less controversial.
Yes, but once the change to 20mb goes ahead and everything runs smoothly, a move to higher limits will probably get less pushback in the future.
I personally think the auto-scaling is better long-term, but I'm guessing time, and because a significantly vocal subsection of devs and community are vigorously opposed to the change is the reason that small, slightly less controversial steps is better than trying to move ahead with more long term, controversial, and more significant/unpredictable changes.
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:16:39
Sometimes the rich also crash and burn all the way to zero too ;) but the poor usually like to conveniently omit that. Without risk there is no reward.
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:41:28
Rather than entrusting it to a bank by default I get to choose how the transaction is settled. Whether that be via an appointed escrow, signed messages to prove the buyer owns the funds, it can also be handled via multisig so that if the buyer runs of with the car, they can not run off with the money, because it is already spent. 
Bitcoin allows you to prove ownership of funds.
Bitcoin allows you to use an agreed escrow that can arbitrate the sale.
Bitcoin's multisig allows the buyer and seller to commit to the transaction without either finalising the transaction until both parties are fully satisfied (with, or without an escrow if desired).
It also provides proof that the transaction took place at a certain time in case the seller disputes whether you paid or not.
This can all be done without a third party as well, so bye bye banks/paypal/etc. and the above only scratches the surface of what Bitcoin can enable. Pull payments of the past were the only option before Bitcoin because you always needed a third party. Now with Bitcoin, push payments are the default because a third party is no longer necessary as other mechanisms like multisig can emulate the mechanisms of pull payments *if* you want them.
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:42:19
You will not find a technical solution. This is a political/game theory situation that can only be resolved in a social context. As long as the system remains free to all, miners will always have the power, from the biggest, to the tiniest, to control the distribution of the hash power. As long as miners are free to enter/leave the network it will be impossible to control the distribution of the hash rate.
It is literally impossible to know the origins of any block that is added, so it is a fanciful idea to propose a share measuring "balancer" of sorts, is simply not going to happen.
The only real solution is p2pool. If p2pool was better or on par with the best pools, miners would by default defer to it but it is still not up to par in many instances. Usability, the fact it requires a full node to run, lingering problems with variance, unnecessary burden on the blockchain, etc. Working on improving p2pool would be far more productive than wasting time on integrating at the protocol level something that will subvert miners' autonomy and have no guarantee of even working anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-30 10:22:01


Fiat currency is king of the drug world, does that mean every person that only deals with cash is hell bent on using that money to commit crimes?
FYI, all my years I've been involved with Bitcoin, I've never condoned, used, or promoted Silk Road, all you are doing is looking to paint us all as drug addled deviants so you can feel morally superior, the reality is you just sound like a try-hard. Bitcoin != Silkroad. Since you like making baseless claims, I'll do the same. The vast majority of Bitcoin users have no intention of using Bitcoin to break laws, and have no intention of using it to subvert the legal system, we simply value our privacy, want full control over our money and for some we believe Bitcoin is a better money than fiat for a variety of reasons. 
I understand it's a little hard for you to grasp that people don't automatically want to commit crimes when given the means to do so, just like we don't automatically start stabbing people when we are holding a knife, but it's true.
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:10:39
Indeed, no-one has gone after [Bram Cohen]( yet for creating a mechanism where a single seed file (torrent) can connect others to recreate a file everyone is sharing, illegal or not. So I think it incredibly unlikely the law will chase down Mike for enabling people to share single seed file (lighthouse project) so they can connect others to fund a project everyone is interested in, illegal or not.
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:05:16


Well that's got nothing to do with the financial system, that's got everything to do with due diligence. Unless you are dealing with cash, you will always be vulnerable to identity theft, and yes, it is easy, and rife. 


You certainly can, people can steal deeds and sell them by forging signatures etc. Besides that usually the intent is not to steal the money, it's to steal the property that is being bought with the assistance of the stolen identity. Pull transactions make identity theft very appealing because banks essentially forgive those that have their identity stolen and accounts abused by simply shifting the pain of the theft to someone else.


Again, it comes down to due diligence and making sure that the buyer/seller is who they say they are. The financial system offers little protection against identity theft though. Like I said, a chargeback does not protect everyone, it simply shifts the blame to someone else, or spreads around the pain via fess and such.
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:37:50
It actually was posted, but the mods removed it. I think it was the right call too. A number of the people that commented in the post thought it was in rather bad taste and I agree. It only lasted on the front page for 20 minutes before it was removed.
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:37:19
I'm fairly indifferent about the whole thing too, the sub is also a lot more subdued and is far more laid back about the price swings rather than the stream of panic posts in the past.
Maybe the mods are doing a more thorough job of cleaning up the trashy/spammy threads than the past or maybe the Bitcoin community at large is being more mature about it. It's good to see either way.
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:15:49
28:00 is when they talk about the block size.
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:11:43
If there's a large number of shorts on the books, I wouldn't be surprised.
@_date: 2015-01-15 13:07:14
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:53:31
Agreed, in circumstances like this, people need to show that they have more integrity, and that he is bereft of it. Childish tantrums and mob-like behaviour is definitely cathartic, but they can be used as reasons to swiftly undermine the backlash, to draw attention away from the problem and have it focus on the angry mob, rather than the scammer up on stage. I want to read headlines that say.
"Entire hall walks out as GAW representatives get up on stage", or, " Half the audience turns their backs during entire GAW presentation", not "Crowd turns feral on one of their own", or, "Dozens of conference attendees thrown out at GAW presentation due to troublemakers".
The organisers should be thoroughly vetting anyone that they invite to talk or approve to give talks at the conference, instead they've done the opposite and are trying to "let the community decide" which is entirely inappropriate, GAW should not be given a platform where the only ones that get to scrutinise the speaker is the crowd that can be easily silenced, dismissed, ignored or outright lied to. The Miami organisers should be doing this ahead of time because that's what their job is, they've decided to organise a conference where they are actively drawing together reputed, respected, and on-the-level professionals to discuss, teach, and share their expertise on the subject that is Bitcoin. 
The organisers need to be taking a leadership role on this situation rather than give the guy even more airtime on the stage. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:02:05
No worries, I wasn't trying to be snarky or anything near the end either. I think it was a valid and justified question.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:20:05
Yep I remember that. It was a simpler time back then where almost no-one was watching Bitcoin, and talk of $1000 was like fantasizing about winning lotto (this would have been when bitcoin levelled out at around $10). Bitcointalk back then often joked about the value hitting $1000 and how everyone would buy hookers and blow :).
Ironically many people, even believers, only scoffed at such notions and never held for the huge price increases. I can remember when it broke $100 and it felt kinda surreal, like it would be now if bitcoin broke $10,000 it felt weird and unnatural, and took me many months to come to terms with, but right now hitting the thousands just seems inevitable, the real question is how fast, when and how high will it get before it levels out again.
@_date: 2015-01-12 03:04:24
The mods actually let me know, It took about 1-2 days between me getting banned and the mods notifying me.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:52:40
You don't know this because you don't own a Trezor, but when the Trezor is connected to the myTrezor.com site, it will tell you when a new update is available so that it can be loaded. It doesn't force you to load the firmware and you can still do everything without the update interfering with the mytrezor site, but you are given a regular reminder to do so each time you plug it in.
These re-licensing changes were never pushed out to all Trezor users, thus the changes were never "live" as it were. It was only on the public repository where developers ventured.
@_date: 2015-01-29 12:40:00
This looks really slick, even for a prototype. Can't wait to see some more details. If the process is kept secure, simple and fast, this could be a fantastic addition to the Bitcoin hardware wallet scene for everyday bitcoin usage.
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:43:16
They have absolutely no hope of ever regulating Bitcoin. They can't regulate something that they can't control. The best they can hope for is regulating the border between Bitcoin and fiat. Even then they're only going to be able to regulate financial institutions within their jurisdictions and will have to accept that cash&lt;-&gt;bitcoin is beyond their influence also.
@_date: 2015-01-12 07:43:20
Indeed, I remember there was a scheduled fork in 2011 or something that almost no-one noticed. It was something to do with changing the time format in block headers or something, and the fork was scheduled for years after it was released, it was something Satoshi did in the super early days. It was hardly even acknowledged at the time because pretty much everyone was using clients with the changes.
I'm expecting the block increase to be very similar, it's not something that has to take effect immediately, and can simply sit in the code for a year or two until enough clients/miners upgrade to the point that when the change hits, no-one will be adversely affected. I personally would prefer these changes to take effect far sooner, but I think there's going to be enough know-it-all loudmouths waving their hands over the issue that it will need time for people to slowly get used to it rather than springing it on everyone.
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:09:22
RemindMe! 4 weeks
@_date: 2015-01-15 03:23:13
You missed the point. Noone can predict the price. Anyone that says they know what Bitcoin's price will be is lying.
@_date: 2015-01-30 02:12:25
I don't think it's likely to happen, at least not in the mainstream because it would be incredibly difficult to justify not being transparent about how many Bitcoins they are handling as it can be confirmed and tracked on the blockchain already. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 02:09:31
This is the correct answer IMO. Regulation is only effective when it can be enforced. You can still use local bitcoins, drop by an ATM, or go use an overseas service. For some though, they will refuse to use anything unless it is regulated because they are so entrenched in the old financial system that there is simply no other way. Regulated exchanges are not going to go away and you can expect more of them, but they are hardly mandatory. 
If people want to get into Bitcoin but still feel the government breathing down their neck, they can, but it's not necessary for everyone else to dance to the regulation tune if they want to get into Bitcoin without government sleeping next to them.
Regulated exchanges is a good way to expose people to Bitcoin that would never get involved because it was simply too difficult to do otherwise, and would refuse to ever touch Bitcoin unless regulation was there to provide them with certain assurances. Hopefully once they get a taste of Bitcoin's freedoms they'll also start to question why the government demands they do this or that for every financial transaction compared to Bitcoin's completely permission-less finance.
When you look at it that way, regulated exchanges just look liberating rather than oppressing, but that may just be my endless optimism showing :).
@_date: 2014-03-26 02:32:12
Not just that but every company that was worried about Bitcoin legality regarding taxes etc. have every legal piece needed to move forward now.
Other Bitcoin-centric regulations may come, but taxes was the big one for 90% of businesses out there. There really is no legal reason to not accept/use Bitcoins anymore.
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:54:31
100% agree. Sticking to the hard limit will simply drive users away, not to Bitcoin, as some would like to believe. Bitcoin is not unique, there are copycats everywhere that will happily accept users jumping to them and it is absurd to force users to use off-chain services when there are alternative chains, it is especially absurd considering that the network is almost certainly capable of processing far more transactions than it is currently capable of right now while still preserving de-centralisation, and scaling well. 
Though I definitely respect the core devs, there are definitely those among us (and I think that number definitely outweighs those against us) that strongly disagree on this point.
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:26:36
The way you describe it makes no sense. You need to look at it in terms of a unit conveying either more or less value, not more money or less currency. 
It is more value infused into each unit, thus more money (IOW value) can be shifted around to meet the requirements of those that use the Bitcoin network. Hence why we had a market cap of 40 million USD in Jan 2012 with only about 4 million bitcoins in circulation compared to now which is 3-4 billion USD with 13 million bitcoins.
Where did all that extra money come from? If certainly didn't come from all the block rewards (as that would've only added 80-90 million USD if the price had stayed the same), it came from the value of every Bitcoin unit rising as demand increased. 0.0001 Bitcoin was essentially dust in 2012, now 0.0001 is around 0.025 USD (2.5 cents). 0.0001 was considered spam and devs even went so far to implement miner rules so that any transactions using those decimals were avoided as there was no purpose for them.
You add money to the Bitcoin supply by adding more value. Your definitions of money and currency just makes it harder to describe how Bitcoin adds/removes money from it's economy. It doesn't work like traditional money and trying to shove the Bitcoin's square peg into the old financial system's round hole is simply not going to work.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:47:22
Yep, a google search should throw up a fair few.
@_date: 2014-01-11 03:00:09
Check out the user darkwings_08. He is resident crazy person. Now imagine that there is a couple dozen of these guys at any one time acting out here.
Because pretty much no-one is ever banned from it is the perfect subreddit for honing your anti troll skills. You pretty much can't traverse this site without encountering extreme trolling. It means people are hyper aware of trolling since it happens more often, and I guess some with genuine questions or are still coming to grips with bitcoin get caught in the crossfire. Some new users also act like entitled know-alls too, that also doesn't help.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:46:07
I agree, I hate to be a broken record on these things but I always look at [the fundamentals]( unfortunately some/many like to interpret this as me making excuses or the like, the reality is the fundamentals of Bitcoin is only getting stronger, more merchants accepting Bitcoin, more transactions, more applications, more development, more bitcoin-specific hardware, more innovation, more political attention, more media coverage, more curiosity, more education. I've been around since 2010 so I'm not a greenhorn to these things, Bitcoin is growing and it's simply going through it's growing pains, people that treat it like a "to the moon" asset are not giving it the respect it deserves. As I say tirelessly risk no more into Bitcoin than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2015-01-27 09:23:11
So much for litecoin proponents a couple years ago desperately claiming one of the (last) advantages of litecoin is its "ASIC resistant".
@_date: 2015-01-16 08:01:12
I think it will be decades by the absolute earliest, and as I [understand it]( even when quantum computers do become viable and available, developers will have years and maybe even longer to analyse how it will affect Bitcoin, and determine what changes need to be made to the cryptography being used. 
I'm quite certain that from the time quantum computers become functional, to where they are used to exploit Bitcoin's security, there will be ample time for developers to react and upgrade the cryptographic algorithms used to ensure that Bitcoins aren't compromised. This is not really something people should be worried about at all as most of the modern world uses the same cryptographic algorithms that Bitcoin uses, so if quantum computers become a threat to Bitcoin's security, then a large swath of the modern world is going to be worried about the first quantum computer threatening the security of the world's communications too. There will be ample warning IMO.
@_date: 2015-01-29 04:03:26
I know the precise units of account remain fixed, and I've already said multiple times that I'm talking about [increase in value](
@_date: 2014-02-03 13:49:16
True. I think it is a problem that people hide behind a group label so they can avoid being singled out for their bad behaviour too. There really are no consequences for verbally bashing someone here. The mods refuse to step in, whether it is for the misplaced belief that calling someone a "fucking idiot" is acceptable when disagreeing, or because they simply lack the resources and commitment to handle these users that repeatedly act in needlessly hostile and abusive, or troll-like ways.
Unfortunately this lack of action is creating a polarised and unwelcome subreddit as a result. Sure we have heaps of users now, but the discussions are becoming more and more stale, and the trolling is frankly rampant.
@_date: 2015-05-31 12:58:05
Good point, but I also know that Mike made a lot of changes in the early days that others committed on his behalf so github is not entirely trustworthy. I think they are both valuable contributors to Bitcoin as a whole and deserve the recognition as Core devs TBH.
I actually like the discussion going on in Monero recently on planned hard forks to get around these problems. Bitcoin's first fork was like pulling teeth and it was still very young then, but now making what should be a sensible change is becoming a full on war of words that I personally reckon is damaging Bitcoin.
I hope Monero is taking lots of notes on this and figuring out ways on making it relatively painless to hardfork, even as it becomes more mature.
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:39:46
Fried or braised?
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:33:02
No worries, I just assumed that you weren't aware that the firmware updates pop up since only Trezor users were likely to know about it.
I'll agree they definitely made a mess of it, and I hope they also apologise/explain themselves for the retroactive changes, the only thing I can put it down to is that they didn't fully understand the interpretation of the LGPL license and that you can't retroactively change the licensing conditions after it's been distributed.
It may be the case that the devs simply don't have much experience with open source licensing and there was some naivety on their part. I'd find it hard to believe they were trying to sneak changes in on a public repository when Bitcoiners are probably the sharpest users there are. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:50:47
You're welcome :)
@_date: 2015-01-09 14:39:08
Pffff, lightweight ;) the announcement of the Bitcoin bowl had 5 pages almost completely filled with pointless threads, I had a bit of a [whinge too]( but all it's going to do is make you feel a little better. Making a new thread just to whinge about it is not very considerate either BTW.
This stuff happens, just like when the price goes crazy, or some other pointless piece of news that others tend to fixate on for some ungodbeknownst reason is splashed across the front page for two days. Best you can do in these situations  is close [the browser.... ](
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:30:13
here's a link from another post a day or two ago.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:50:52
One of us is more invested in Bitcoin than the other.
Hint: It's you.
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:00:52
Satoshi has also spawned an entire ecosystem of alts. He ain't seeing squat from any of those. And as you say, the amount of coins he holds is entirely speculative and even if he did generate them, there's the chance that they are actually lost anyways.
Besides, it's a hell of a lot fairer than some alts like Ripple where the entirety of the coinbase was premined, ugh.
@_date: 2015-01-15 12:58:05
My fears in the early days were:
* Bitcoin being ruled illegal to use and possess in the majority of countries around the world. Especially the developed world. This hasn't happened, and though the reception has been mixed, overall, it has been quite positive for Bitcoin overall. I had serious concerns that governments would see Bitcoin as an existential threat and stamp it out. 
* A critical bug in the codebase being found rendering Bitcoin irreparably insecure. Similar things had happened in the very early days with Bitcoins code so I felt justified in being concerned that something even worse could have  lurked in the codebase, but nowadays with so many reimplementations and devs/hackers scouring the code for flaws, I feel far more at ease. Every year this doesn't happen, gives more and more confidence in the blockchain and POW used in Bitcoin.
* Businesses ostensibly turning their backs on acceptance in droves. What has instead happened is that merchants have been given a leg up with Bitpay/Coinbase/ et al. and this has enabled far more merchants to accept, and be part of the Bitcoin ecosystem thus helping to generate demand for Bitcoins and allowing the Bitcoin economy to build a solid amount of constant commerce. This is vital for Bitcoin's longevity as smauging coins is not going to ensure miners get paid, every block needs to be including large numbers of transactions in the future if Bitcoin is going to stand a chance, and the only way that is going to happen is if there's lots of Bitcoin related commerce.
* Developers doing the same. What has happened instead is developers have appeared in droves to work on all manner of Bitcoin projects. It's been wonderful to see, and not just software, hardware too, engineers have been designing ASICs, hardware wallets, and have been tinkering in all manner of different ways with Bitcoin (colored coins, sidechains, etc.). This was nonexistent 2.5 years ago. 3 years ago, all we had was the core client, now we have a number of reimplementations and this helps mitigate the risk of flaws being found in the core client and also helps to decentralise development. 
* Exchanges disappearing due to losses, mistrust, bad management etc. and us being left with no way for money to flow into and out of the Bitcoin economy. Instead we have a multitude of very solid, and reputable exchanges. Even 2 years ago, trying to get my hands on Bitcoin was an exercise in frustration, and patience, I feared that if things stayed this way, there was no way people were going to even bother tinkering with Bitcoin. We also have ATMs of all varieties enabling people to not even need to deal with banks if they want Bitcoin. The beginning of last year there wasn't a single Bitcoin ATM, they were still an idea, now there are hundreds around the world. 
These were my fears, and I think there was a very real possibility that they could become a reality. Instead we've had an enormous amount of growth in all of these areas and it continues to do so. 3-4 years ago none of this was even on the drawing board and I worried that Bitcoin really was going to fail to inspire and motivate people to build the wonderful tools, hardware, software, businesses, commerce, security, and other things that Bitcoin needed to enable people to take full advantage of Bitcoin's potential.
Saying it could quite easily fails means you have absolutely no perspective on what Bitcoin is like now, compared to what Bitcoin was like years ago. Bitcoin is a completely different beast now, and it now has the momentum it needs to drive itself forward.
I'm not worried at all these days.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:42:47
Hats off to Mike, he's done a fantastic job bringing assurance contracts to the regular user. I feel like a spoiled brat saying this but I wish I didn't have to risk my Bitcoins on an online machine while I create transactions to send top projects. The day this project integrates hardware wallets, or has some way of signing these transactions offline, is the day this project will be able to fully realise it's potential.
Maybe someone well reputed could get a lighthouse project up to make it happen? ;)
@_date: 2015-01-30 05:33:31
As linked to, SPV uses a subset of the blockchain (the headers of every block), which can be used to verify the ownership of coins without needing to download and verify every single block. The reality is that Bitcoin users only need to verify the addresses they own, and it's only miners that require the entire blockchain. SPV is almost as secure as the whole blockchain and the miner fills in the rest of the verification when the funds are spent. Even in Satoshi's whitepaper he described that SPV was the way regular users were going to transact in the future and not the full blockchain. SPV was designed from inception to be the defacto way to transact as the blockchain got bigger.
@_date: 2015-01-29 02:00:15
They are the same because it serves the same purpose which is allowing the bitcoin economy to circulate more money when it is needed. More value = more money. All you are getting worked up over is semantics.
@_date: 2015-01-31 11:28:56
I'm a bit confused. Why is the super early bird option cheaper then the early bird option? Also, what does cool combo have that justifies the higher price compared to the other two?
@_date: 2015-01-18 08:27:22
The incident is documented [here, CVE-2010-5139 ]( Someone managed to exploit the code and insert a number that caused an overflow and resulted in 184,467,440,737.09551616 Bitcoins being created, the code at the time didn't check for this overflow at the time. The problem was noticed almost immediately and fixed within hours. I actually followed the events as they happened way back then. The developers were incredibly responsive and Satoshi had a new version patched and ready within the hour. After that it was a race to notify people to  upgrade and start mining on the new chain ASAP so that the old chain got overtaken as soon as possible. The incident was resolved within several hours and most people didn't even realise what had happened until it was over. 
Those were pretty exciting days.
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:58:06
Nice little presentation but it was painfully short and didn't didn't really go beyond the basics. Can you elaborate a little more?
Like the costs, how much would this cost for the best case scenario (as in full deployment of all 24 satellites) and the minimum you could get away with?
Will the satellites be able to handle increased transaction load if Gavin et al. successfully roll out a hard fork in the future?
Connectivity-wise, what are these satellites actually going to enable? How will people be able to take advantage of the data the satellites transmit back to earth?
Will these satellites be storing the entire blockchain, or will it simply store only the last X blocks plus maybe the headers or something to that effect?
Amazing to see the potential of these ideas slowly being realised BTW. You, and many others are doing awesome stuff in the Bitcoin world!
@_date: 2015-01-24 15:37:57
"we didn't realise you were breaking the law, and you didn't either, but now that we do, we are going to punish you even if you tried to do the right thing and tell us what you were doing back then, and didn't decide to punish you guys for doing what you did".
Sounds fair.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:32:30
Thankyou for all your work Trezor guys. You've done a fantastic job!
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:11:25
No! There was a Bitcoin 2.0, but it used the same blockchain as the old one, and integrated multisig. Nearly everyone abandoned old Bitcoin 1.0 and jumped onto 2.0 instead ;)
@_date: 2015-01-01 17:15:13
We did have minimum security wallets years ago. The reason you don't see them now is because they've been hacked in various ways and shutdown, or the operators realised that trading security for usability is a really shitty way to deliver a service and had no choice but to up security unless they wanted users to start rioting when all their funds got siphoned off the site.
Just Works^tm wallets takes dedication, money, and serious amounts of effort. The problem is existing desktops and mobile platforms simply aren't engineered to handle Bitcoin the way they should be handled. This is why the hoops are there, and why specialised pieces of hardware like Trezor are an absolute necessity.
A lot of these issues are very slowly being ironed out but it will take time, money, and effort from various developers, businesses and entrepreneurs to address them, but they are being addressed albeit slowly. Just be thankful you aren't seeing what Bitcoin wallets was like 3 years ago, back then it truly was a mess. Now, it's still complicated at times, time consuming for the layman and expensive if you want to forgo the previous two, but there are usable solutions that are safe enough, secure enough and simple enough for regular users. 3 years ago, wallets were an absolute mess, and 3 years from now, you'll wonder how you ever managed using wallets that exist right now. Patience is the key.
@_date: 2015-01-30 06:02:18
I don't know why you were downvoted but I think you are right on the money (pun intended ;) ). More users means there will be a larger distribution of coins among those users over time. As the supply of coins becomes more spread out among users, each user's influence in the market is far less. It also becomes harder to collude or organise to move the price one way or the other as there are more people that can do the opposite. 
I am quite certain that as long as Bitcoin continues to grow, it's price will slowly begin to stabilise. The real question is when? It could take several years before we see stability on par with existing currencies, but it could take far longer. There is still a huge amount of room for Bitcoin to grow and could take decades to plateau, but on the flip side, the volatility should at least reduce as the market becomes larger.
@_date: 2015-01-13 09:05:44
No worries, unfortunately when Bitcoin gets volatile it brings out the best and worst in people. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 15:35:27
Dramatic much? Chill out dude, this is simply a storm of uncertainty and has happened multiple times, as long as you didn't bet the house like a fool you are fine, and Bitcoin will be fine too, it is hardly dead.
@_date: 2015-01-21 05:18:17
It seems that speeds around the world are increasing but probably nowhere near as fast as disk capacity but I don't think this is a problem as nodes are not things the average user will be running. The vast majority will be using SPV clients, and nodes will be mainly constrained to businesses, miners, organisations, and likely others that simply like running such things, perhaps as a paid service for others. Transmission speeds will be less of a bottleneck though because IBLT will reduce transaction times drastically and nodes in the decades to come will be run in data centers and such.
It will take a long time to get to that stage though, likely at least another decade from now, and we are only 6 years in at this point.
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:03:22
Or, don't risk more than you can afford to lose or treat it like a get rich scheme.
FYI, ironically, I've watched this "balloon burst" at least 3 times already, and each time it was bigger than the one before it.
@_date: 2015-01-13 15:37:48
Trolling Bitcoin is almost as old as Bitcoin itself. I can only imagine how many people have wasted years of their life trolling Bitcoin....
@_date: 2015-01-29 16:12:22
I for one 100% support Trezor's excellent work. Unfortunately there are some that are cheapskates and they feel they are entitled to take the efforts of others and give nothing in return.
It's unfortunate that they can't ensure openness and transparency while also protecting their investment of time and effort, but when it comes to things like this, they made the right choice to open the source code and though they can't easily restrict the cloning of their efforts, they have still built up a strong reputation by doing so and that makes their product that much more valuable/reliable as a result.
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:47:18
I agree, a small market cap means that it will be locked out of many markets until it rises. 
If Bitcoin ever hopes to deal with larger markets the only way the coin supply will expand is the value of Bitcoin going up. Some think high price is people trying to play the get-rich-quick strategy, but a high value per Bitcoin is also vital if Bitcoin is going to deal in larger and larger markets. That said, Bitcoin could be almost any price for remittance and back when Bitcoin's market cap was a measly, it was theoretically possible for Bitcoin to function perfectly well as a means of remittance, as it can now.
That said, the blockchain security is definitely tied to Bitcoin's value, so if it is to remain secure in the long term it still needs to be much higher than it is right now. Coin distribution will help over time as more and more coins get into more hands and the halvings will also help, but it will also be dependant on supply/demand in the future and psychology.
@_date: 2015-01-15 04:22:37
It is undoubtedy the largest trading day in Bitcoin's history. [Winkdex]( shows ~500k too. I know people want to talk about the price, but this here is amazing news and people really aren't registering how massive this is. The best bit is that the last time we had an even comparable trading high was when Gox was the only exchange around. Now Bitcoin is trading on several, as well as a multitude of brokers and even local Bitcoins is taken into account. It's amazing to see how Bitcoin has grown compared to 2 years ago. Now when one exchange like Bitstamp goes down, the rest of the exchanges fill in the gaps and Bitcoin trading hums along without ever missing a beat. Awesome stuff.
@_date: 2015-01-17 18:24:16
Not that I don't believe you, but considering that you've spent the entirety of your coins, you should use those keys to sign a statement confirming the fact that you owned these coins and that you made this post. Signing with your old keys shouldn't compromise your identity as you've re-bought using new keys now.
I agree that there really is a herd mentality with most traders and it is tantamount to watching cats on a hot roof, I guess there are just too many people that risk too much in the market at the moment, as it expands, I'm sure this will be less and less of a problem.
@_date: 2015-01-17 12:38:23
I'm with bitskeptic on this. Centralisation is extremely prone to mismanagement and abuse and we see that in the markets today, it's not like it never happens either, people just choose to look the other way and say "that won't happen to us because... ", As recent as the early 2000s we've seen national currencies selfdestruct and all because it was centralised.
Even recently we've seen abuse of centralised currencies, Venezeuela is in the grip of hyperinflation, Japan is spraying money onto their economy like a fire hose, there is no shortage of mismanagement around the world.
Seizability is not necessarily a good thing either as corrupt agencies, or even governments can seize in a heartbeat the entirety of your assets. In America it is systemic, and abused in many states with zero consequences (civil asset forfeiture). On the extreme end of the scale this can be abused by forcing people to forfeit assets they take across the border, even if they declare it. During WW2 this was systemic when Nazis were persecuting the Jews.
I partially agree on the inflation point, but small deflation is also OK, it's when these are mixed with an economy that is fuelled by debt that they become a serious problem as it can be so easily abused.
The reason Bitcoin is the way it is, is because it can't be designed any other way, trying to control inflation/deflation means mechanisms would need to be inserted to regulate the supply and it is impossible to avoid having those mechanisms manipulated, thus supply is fixed, and the distribution is decentralised so that a market/economy can grow around it at it's own pace. Unfortunately the side effect is demand/supply shocks to the market cause volatility and so it is up to the market to react to/absorb these shocks as best it can until it gets large enough that large shocks become progressively more difficult over time because the coins become far more distributed and the market becomes far larger and can react faster to absorb any shocks of supply/demand that the Bitcoin market experiences.
Edit: typos.
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:53:25
Good show. You keep eye-balling that ticker like a champ. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 12:55:58
I've been here 4+ years and I for one am not fazed at all because any person that tries to invest/speculate with Bitcoin HAS to be thinking long term (ie. years), this means buying what you can afford to lose, and then no longer thinking about the price every single day. You just have to. 
I can remember the big run to 32 and the drop to &lt; 2 USD, it decimated confidence for everyone because we had never experienced a volatile market. Many thought it was over after that (the media certainly thought so). The reality was that it took the better part of a year for that confidence to flow back into Bitcoin. For me it was when it hit 12 USD again. But during all that time do you know what happened? Bitpay happened. They didn't simply stare at the ticker and on realising it had lost 90% of the ATH go "whelp, that's it fellas, Bitcoin is done, all our ideas for offsetting risk for merchants is going to be useless now". No, they kept plugging on and released their first shopping cart plugin so that websites could begin to integrate bitcoin sales, while also offsetting the volatility risk.
This happened at least 2 more times in the last few years. The price would drop, but the innovations, new merchants and other new cool Bitcoin oriented shit continued. People need to look at the real fundamentals to really assess which way Bitcoin is going, and every indication is it is moving inexorably forward. I mean ffs, paypal is already dipping their foot into the Bitcoin waters, and circle has suddenly streamlined buying bitcoin with CCs. These two things on their very own were considered impossible/daydreaming over a year ago, and yet here it is. A huge amount has happened regarding Bitcoin but when I consider all of it, I look at it as a very big net positive.
I'm afraid people that quiver with fear over the price just don't get it. Sure, price rises are nice, makes holders warm and fuzzy, but it doesn't necessarily raise Bitcoin's fundamentals, they usually happen when everyone's no longer interested, and things calm down significantly, then they pop up out of nowhere, to little fanfare, but on the fundamental level they make Bitcoin just a little bit more useful, a little more secure, a little more user friendlier, and a little more powerful.
On a currency time scale, Bitcoin really has been exploding, and they continue moving at an astonishing pace. Some of the things I've seen in the last 6 months alone has just blown my mind, yet all eyes are still glued on price tickers. People shouldn't just be patient, they should also be having fun with Bitcoin, doing cool shit with it, brainstorming new things to do with it, or simply using it.
@_date: 2015-01-15 03:28:25
Volatility sure does bring the traders out of the woodwork.
Edit: damn, it's nearly half a million traded now.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:28:09
Honestly? Go to and tag everyone in the first 5 pages that posts there as a troll and you'll probably have tagged at least 1/3 of the trolls in Outside of that simply lurk, sarcasm is generally done by trolls though. Over the top exuberance should be generally considered trolling too. Unless it's actually backed up by some actual reasoning or evidence it should generally be considered trolling IMO.
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:35:16
Give me control of a nation's money and I care not who makes it's laws
@_date: 2015-01-31 08:59:01
Very interesting. It's not that I don't believe you but could you provide sources for how you came to reach this conclusion?
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:12:03
Thankyou for addressing this, I think it's very important there is some kind of visual element to identify the receiving address on the device. Even if it simply used the OTP area to display the first n numbers contained in the address before the button is pressed, even that would be better than signing the transaction blind.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:09:00
The thing is libertarians have a less government perspective. That essentially means less laws, including less taxes which is enforced by these laws, as they believe that the government shouldn't be needing to tax everyone anywhere near as much if they have less responsibilities. They lament how laws have continually encroached on the freedoms of citizens and such. To a certain degree they're right, particularly in America. But some go so far as to say that taxes should be voluntary with very little reasoning for how the government could generate an revenue and so on with much hand waving and dismissal. Less laws encroaching on freedoms and repealing of taxes is definitely doable and shouldn't be scoffed at, but it's the nutjobs that believe that taxes should be voluntary, or totally abolished that have truly lost the plot. 
@_date: 2015-01-24 08:23:18
I'd say this is pretty huge news IMO. I'd say the ETF is getting very close to becoming a reality with the Winklevosses opening their very own exchange. Reason being is that I'd imagine that if the ETF gets approved, they'll need a means to buy/sell bitcoins on the open market. If they are going to avoid the MtGox'es and Bitstamps of the world they'll need to ensure there is at least one exchange that they can rely on at all times. It would remove friction, and having to deal with an extra layer when it comes to the ETF buying/selling. I'd imaging that the exchange, as well as the Winkdex are all being brought about as infrastructure to support the ETF in the future. 
If they are opening this exchange, I'd say they are getting far closer to getting this ETF approved than further away, and I'd even hazard to guess that approval is likely to happen this year with announcements like this.
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:18:57
This is why we need export [laws for cryptography]( Won't somebody hink of the children?!?!
@_date: 2015-01-31 13:16:42
From the article itself:


It is there in black and white that this is not the average number transaction but instead the peak transaction rate on one day (and it's highly unlikely this was sustained over the entire day either).
@_date: 2015-01-03 04:38:04
Just like BFL did in the past, people were up in arms about BFL's shoddy service, censoring of discussions on their forums, blatant lies, and such and yet they still got into conferences to peddle their wares. People really resented that as everyone knew they were sucking in even more naive users. The writing was on the wall for years yet these conferences gladly took their BFL's sponsorship money and in turn took users for a ride. It absolutely stunk and I'm sure many conference goers were disgusted that BFL was able to blatantly waltz into whatever conference they liked and act like they were on the level while in reality they were rotten. It definitely hurt Bitcoin's image and these conferences enabled BFL to do even more damage in the process.
I hate to say it but this is BFL all over again, just more scammy, and more obvious. Any conference organiser that remembers the shitstorm that BFL brought should be putting as much distance between themselves and GAW/Paybase/Paycoin/Garza as possible. If the conference organisers want to be seen as professional and reputed, they need to start acting like it.
People are REALLY getting tired of shady players taking advantage of Bitcoin's name and exploiting the less informed. Erik and many others should not be giving ANYONE the benefit of the doubt when it comes to gaining trust, they should be obliged to demonstrate they are completely on the level first. Not the other way around. Too many people have been run around, scammed, betrayed, frustrated, etc. for us to give an obviously shady group the benefit of the doubt yet again.
The organisers of the conference should be the ones doing this due dilligence, that's why people are paying money to attend, they want to get connected with professionals, that are on the level, legitimate, genuine Bitcoin users/groups/companies/professionals, not have to wade through and have to scrutinise every single person they shake hands with.
@_date: 2015-01-13 02:54:06
The same things happened in 2011 and 2013. It annoyed the hell out of me those times too but this seems to be the nature of truly organic adoption. Bitcoin is definitely growing, but the price will rise and fall in fits and starts and it won't be predictable. Besides that, the only people that need to ever think about the price are those that have risked more than they can afford to lose. If the price bothers you then you need to adjust your financial position so that it becomes less of an issue.
@_date: 2015-05-29 15:39:44
Me too, and all I have to say at this point is *finally!* ^^^^^and ^^^^^thankyou ^^^^^Gavin!
@_date: 2015-01-30 16:10:32
Indeed, I applaud their recognising that it was an action made in haste and driven by emotion. I think it shows great strength of character to admit it was the wrong move and reverse their decision.
Unfortunately there are going to be those in the community that are nothing but sourpusses and will not be satisfied by anything SL does to try and redeem themselves (there really does seem to be quite a few bitchy and unforgiving people saying all sorts of nasty, and totally unfair things about the now reversed re-licensing), but I for one believe this will make them into a better company rather than a worse one in the long term. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 11:44:06
That would make sense, thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-16 13:28:01
AUD lost 14% in the last 6 months.
This is why I'm divesting.
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:04:09
@_date: 2015-01-28 12:25:19
Easy, steal someone's identity, use their money to buy the car, let the victim that sold the car perform a charge back, meanwhile you are riding into the sunset with a brand new car you can sell on the black market.
You should note never said that the one performing the ACH was the one that also received the car.
This is why identity theft is a huge (and unsolvable) problem in the financial world. And don't rely of insured money either, you might get your money back, but someone else is going to be hurting because of it.
@_date: 2015-01-14 12:14:27
I wish they'd do a release for raring. I've been stuck on 8.5 for ages now...
@_date: 2015-01-31 14:26:43
Personally? Yes, I'm feeling confident, but I've been feeling confident for over a year now ;) After the us senate hearing I have never really doubted Bitcoin's continued success. All Bitcoin needs to do now is continue on it's current course.
@_date: 2015-01-17 04:06:47
You'll need to extract the private keys from the wallet.dat before you can import them into Armory. I think a console command can do this but I don't really know.
From there it is relatively simple to import the keys into Armory and create a signed transaction.
@_date: 2015-01-30 07:37:24


It won't affect you at all. It does have some consequences though. It does not affect the auditability of the code, it does not affect the transparency of the code, it will not affect integration with other wallets, it will not lock your coins to the Trezor device or make it harder to transact, nor will it make it harder to upgrade the Trezor's firmware.
It will affect who can make changes to the source code now. Only Satoshi Labs will be able to add, and distribute changes to their software. It will also mean that no other business can makes changes and distribute it for any reason. It will also mean that if Satoshi Labs stops development, no-one will be legally allowed to pick up where they left off and continue development, this is probably the only real downside for end users as it means that the software is now tied to the fate of the company but this would only affect end users if the business goes belly up for some reason. From a legal standpoint it would mean that no other business or organisation could distribute amendments in case there was a security flaw, or something.
I personally think the relicensing is an overreaction, but I also think users and the community are also overreacting and being very unsympathetic to the Trezor devs for all the time and effort they've dedicated to Trezor. 
For end users though, your Bitcoins are safe, and Trezor is still as transparent as it was yesterday.
@_date: 2015-01-28 06:03:58
Yep, I thought that was a pretty hilarious description too. I can imagine the intensity of that stare would look pretty close to [this]( 
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:40:53
The other dynamic that kicks in that you didn't mention is Bitcoins become more scarce after the halving. Halving of inflation will have a significant impact on Bitcoin value as miners won't be flooding the market with nearly as many coins. Before you cry foul that miners will be left empty handed remember that as the coins go up in value, more and more people that already hold coins will be encouraged to spend/sell, and this will stimulate transactions, and along with it fees for miners to mine on. Last halving we were also at an equilibrium point, and miners did switch off but it definitely wasn't a precipitous drop and I'd hardly consider it is going to affect things in the long term as transactions will dwarf the block halvings in the decade to come so in the long term things will stabilise as halvings eventually drop below transaction fees in the future.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:46:30
You have posted 97 times on and in the last 7 days, I've posted 17 times. I think you're far more invested in Bitcoin's success/failure that I am.
Please continue with the hand waving and the shrill screeching, I'm sure someone will care .... someday.
@_date: 2015-01-28 09:44:04
The divisibility of Bitcoins is how the lost coins problem is handled. 
In short the money supply can be expanded by having the value of Bitcoin increase such that people will be urged to spend/sell to those the increasing demand.
This is in effect printing more money but it is handled by the free market rather than an institution like the fed, and the ones that reap the benefit of increased money printing is everyone that currently holds Bitcoin rather than the banks and government.
No-one is going to ever agree to increase the number of coins introduced into the Bitcoin network because as you say, the value of coins will decrease, fortunately with Bitcoin we don't need to because the divisibility of bitcoins should be able to handle loss of 90% of the entire coin supply and still be able to support a massive economy. If there was still a demand for more units, the blockchain could reach a consensus where the divisibility can be increased further if necessary, but that would only be in a worst case scenario.
@_date: 2015-01-01 07:12:00
Well, my [2014 prediction]( was pretty obvious and a bit boring so I'll try to be a little more creative this time around. I'm going to spice it up with several predictions just to make it interesting. Keep in mind this is purely speculative prediction.
Controversy Front:
* The truth about MtGox will come out and charges will be laid.
* Some big banks will reverse their anti-bitcoin stance and will accept accounts denominated in Bitcoin, though only for high value customers like major businesses and such.
* Bitpay, Coinbase, Circle or one of the other big, yet reputable Bitcoin processors will get bought out/acquired, signalling that big players are finally moving into Bitcoin adoption in a very serious way.
Legal Front:
* Bitlicense, for all it's negative press and dislkie by Bitcoin users, will usher in a surge of new investment in the Bitcoin space. A number of other states and a few other countries will also pass, or be crafting legislation so that Bitcoin commerce has a solid legal framework for companies to operate around. Some will be absurd, but some will not be as bad (none will be glowingly positive though).
* The ETF will sit on the tarmac for almost the whole year before it suddenly and unexpectedly gets the green light late in 2015.
* Australia will do nothing about the ATO's ruling on Bitcoin and will remain a backwater for Bitcoin businesses, even though Bitcoin use by Australians will increase. The ATO will start pursuing people that conduct business in Bitcoin without declaring tax as tax evaders and will waste money and resources pursuing individuals/businesses that don't disclose Bitcoin commerce or retain the double GST for Bitcoin related sales. Ironically the cause of this this will be the result of their own idiotic rulings in the previous year. The ATO will be left red faced, and some Australian politicians will begin to craft legislation to recategorise Bitcoin as a currency, as it should have been originally.
The Usability Front:
* Trezor will be accessible and ubiquitous among nearly every major Bitcoin wallet, both desktop, web, and mobile. And a number of other new hardware wallets will have hit the market, though Trezor will still be the stand out must have security item in 2015. Satoshi Labs will also release a more compact and more feature rich hardware wallet towards the end of the year.
The Core software Front:
* Sidechains proof of concept will be in the wild, and the attention will be massive, though there will be lots of arguing among bitcoiners over decentralisation, fork related issues, stability, security, etc. This year will be very much an embryonic year for sidechains where many problems are thrashed out and refinements will occur, in anticipation for a final stable release, though no direct action will be taken to fork so that sidechains will be possible, there will be a massive concentration of effort on sidechain development in 2015.
* Gavin, and the other core developers will announce a desire for a hard fork, which will set a schedule for raising the transaction and max block size limit, as well as other fork related improvements. Others will try to hijack the fork announcement to also get their own pet hard fork changes in and it will take months for the arguing to die down before people become convinced that controversial changes simply aren't going to get into the fork if it happens. Miners will already be positioning for a fork by the time the discussion dies down and most will already be indicating their acceptance, which will be implemented in 2016.
Other likely developments:
* Lighthouse and Open Bazaar will make big news as they start to draw away ebay and kickstarter users, but will also make news for all the wrong reasons as the media demonises the platforms as being simply an evolution of the Silk Road. 
* Western Union and the big CC companies will still pretend that Bitcoin isn't happening, but there will be obvious signs of them repositioning to push back against Bitcoin users. 
* 2015 is finally going to see bail-ins for at least 2 large countries and 3 or more will have entered major recessions this year. One or two countries will hit hyperinflation and their currencies won't be traded by years end. Even in light of this, most people will still not buy Bitcoins and it will still be seen as a geek thing, so many less savy people will still be avoiding Bitcoins for all the wrong reasons.
And finally, price:
* I reckon if most of the thing's I mentioned above come to pass, I wouldn't be surprised at the price rising to $3850 USD at the most extreme, and It will happen in August. But will quickly fall back to $2300 USD by the end of the year. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 03:56:10
As I said before you are simply not looking at it from the right perspective. All that is happening is that the already existing units inside the system are increasing in value. This increase in value allows more money to be moved around to satisfy demand. It is more money in the sense that the currency that you are using has more buying power relative to other currencies. I'm talking more money in the terms of more value per unit, more buying power etc. you seem to be fixated on adding more numbers to the system as the sole definition of more money.
I've already explained my reasoning in my [previous post]( 
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:52:22
It was a bit of both, as soon as I finnished reading the white paper I set about getting bitcoins, but it was painfully slow, and fraught with uncertainty. I mined initially, but my patience didn't hold out and dropped a lump sum with what would be considered very shady people back then, but apart from it taking forever, it worked out, then I simply sat on them and hoped no-one was going to hack my machine :). I bought before the peak as it was on it's way to 32, It was only just within the realm of what I could afford to lose, but it wasn't a crazy large amount. I was a very poor uni student back then. Then after the long drop to 2 usd I also bought. Not at the bottom unfortunately. I waited until there was a clear bounce back in the price before I started buying more but even at 10 I felt that I had already missed the train. Once it reached 10 USD I made steady buys every couple weeks, since I had a reliable income at that stage it was around 20- 30% of what I was earning at the time. Unfortunately my own philosophy means I missed out on being rich like the winklevosses, but it also saved me from a the abject despair of riding this rollercoaster so I'm not really upset. I've also not dabbled in trading or panic sold, I'm a smauger, and this approach has served me well as most people that trade are terrible at it, and panic selling has never sat well with me. I simply buy, hold, and spend when I see something I want where they accept Bitcoin. Bitcoin wouldn't be much fun if I never spent it after all.
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:14:46
Yeah, I've been meaning to upgrade but rebuilding my machine is very involved. I usually rebuild every year or so but I've been lagging this time around.
@_date: 2015-01-24 12:36:30
Wow, this is getting more and more backward.
@_date: 2015-01-13 15:02:53
Damn, just watched this yesterday, what are the odds? ;)
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:28:38
My feelings exactly. Nothing really new here. has been a hotspot for trolls for years.
@_date: 2015-01-03 18:01:34
Bitcoin already has the killer apps, it's just that it is locked away under layers on complexity and needs to be developed so that it can be used by the layman. The killer app will not suddenly materialise as a eureka moment where people will flock like an avalanche into Bitcoin, it's going to be a slow trickle that will slowly grow over time and it won't be one singular killer app, it will be many and right now they are slowly becoming more and more usable. It just takes time.
Still not sure/convinced of these killer apps? This video does an excellent job of articulating what these killer apps are and most importantly, why they are killer apps in the first place.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:58:44
"There’s really little chance of it ever coming back above that price point." ...
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:23:06
Gotcha covered, I make a mean curry, but someone else will need to bring the papadums.
@_date: 2015-01-11 16:01:21
Actually no. I was also shadowbanned recently too, and got my ban lifted. It was a hassle and inconvenient, but it got resolved fast at least.
I agree that the way they shadowban is very bad form though for people that inadvertantly break rules without knowing (and frustratingly, I still don't know 100% what I did wrong), but those false positives are the price paid for automation these kinds of filters I guess. I can only guess how many spam posters/malicious users that get created every day that need to be filtered out, but I'm guessing for a site like reddit, it's a lot. It's a really shitty system for people like myself though that have to appeal to the reddit admins to reverse these decisions.
On the bright side (at least in my case), the mods were very prompt, congenial, and were not not dicks about it. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 03:26:57
Nah it's online, but I only use the client for Armory. My Machine doesn't hold any Bitcoins, it just needs the blockchain, and the current client is still fully functional.
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:16:56
If it comes down to it I'll probably rebuild from source, so far from a dependency perspective, 8.5 is still pulling it's weight so I've not had the incentive to rebuild my machine, or compile from source. Eventually it will happen but the tipping point hasn't occurred yet.
@_date: 2015-01-16 15:13:23
I notice it. A bottle of whisky I bought 8 years ago used to be 27 AUD, that exact same bottle of whisky is now 36 AUD today. Same goes for nearly everything I buy, my AUD is valued less and less every passing year. I am so glad Bitcoin entered my life because it has taught me far more about the nature of the world's currencies than I every would have otherwise. 
And now that I know the truth, that all this is not simply an inevitable fact of life as I used to believe it was, I am very angry that our banks, governments, and supposed leaders have been systemically leeching money out of everyone's pockets without our explicit permission to further their own designs.
I am VERY upset at how the currency that we all depend on has been used against us all these years. Bitcoin is my way of retaliating against their machinations and without Bitcoin I doubt I ever would have realised that something was wrong.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:08:47


I respectfully disagree because Bitcoin right now is going through a massive amount of inflation. 13% if I remember, and that is a lot for an extremely small market. That said there has been stable periods. It hasn't been see-sawing up and down the whole time, but Bitcoin's inflation is not able to control market fluctuations, it is still bootstrapping the bitcoin economy. It is trying to distribute coins to as many people as possible and at the same time subsidise miners to keep them verifying blocks so that the network continues to function. Unbeknownst to most people the Bitcoin network is trying to maintain a very delicate balance with absolutely no oversight. What this means is that the only way market pressures can be expressed is through the price. If demand or supply increases or wanes it can only occur through price. This is good and bad as markets are honest, but because the barrier to entry into the market is so low, less savvy traders are easily spooked and can cause fluctuations. This is compounded by external markets that are laggy, or simply glacial compared to Bitcoin so if the market moves in the Bitcoin world, the fiat, or other markets, simply can't engage at the same level. 
Ultimately Bitcoin is the pinnacle of a free market, warts and all and blaming price fluctuations and such is not really blaming bitcoin per se, you are blaming Bitcoin's lack of liquidity and small market. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 12:15:13


I personally think the reason BIP17 was not adopted was because you posted compiled versions of the Bitcoind client with BIP17 before a final decision was ever settled on. Doing so essentially undermined the decision making process for the community and made it seem like you were trying to railroad your implementation, even though the community was still debating the merits and flaws of both.
I'm not accusing you of being a propagandist, I'm saying that your actions inflamed an already heated issue, much like how Peter's video was used to preempt any proposed changes to raise the block size limit. Arguing the merits of your implementation rather than trying to push ahead with your changes would have been far better received. Even if your intentions were good and your implementation sound, posting your BIP17 client caused a backlash. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 04:17:46
Absolutely, this guy doesn't need to "clear the air" at the conference, he could be doing that right now, but there is mounting evidence that this is a complete scam, I heard about it months ago and was convinced from the outset that it was shady, so it's not like this is a sudden revelation for most.
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:46:12
Ahh, yep, looks like we were looking at it the same way from different perspectives and something got lost in translation along the way. :)
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:56:27
I've [commented]( that it probably did not that long ago.
In the days after the crash I thought it probably wouldn't affect Bitcoin that badly, but nowadays I'm fairly convinced that Gox left the community in tatters and actually exacerbated the damage by hiding the problems as well as letting trading/deposits continue on long after everyone knew Gox was in dire straits.
It's left a huge black stain on Bitcoin, but it's also spurred more responsible disclosure, and users are far more cognizant of the consequences of leaving coins on exchanges and such. I don't think the community is ever going to fully move past it until we find out exactly what happened though. The secrecy surrounding the whole thing still leaves me convinced that the coins were seized by authorities, but it's still anyone's guess.
@_date: 2015-01-31 09:25:43
It would be really great if you could perhaps share your script so that others could independently confirm your claims. I'll understand if you didn't want to, but it would be nice to be able to confirm the numbers and methods.
Great work digging into to this either way.
@_date: 2015-01-28 12:10:09


It does actually, you're simply not looking at it from the right perspective.
If you want more money circulating in the economy to satisfy growth you can do one of two things (or both). This example works better with gold than fiat so lets use that as an example when we compare it to Bitcoin.
You can either:
 1 Add more gold to the economy. Mining gold, like Bitcoin's block reward, adds more units to the economy and as long as there is steady demand to meet that increase in gold/bitcoin, the prices remain stable. This means you need to trust someone to add/remove the right amount of money at the right time though.
 2 Increase the value of the money supply by increasing the value of each already existing unit. For gold this gets tricky though as even though less gold will buy you more, it can only be divided so far until it becomes unmanageable. If an ounce was the unit of account it could only be easily divided down to 1 gram (1/1000th) before it becomes prohibitively difficult to divide further. With Bitcoin, if the value of each unit goes up, the divisibility is not a problem at all and it can be happily segmented to a 100,000,000th (one hundred million'th) of a unit so adding extra bitcoin units into circulation is not a problem at all via this method (or I should more accurately say activating dormant bitcoin decimal places for the pedantic). All you're really doing is activating dormant decimal places that were already there but were never used as they held little to no value when the value of each bitcoin was low. Divisibility can easily increase the number of usable units in circulation so the extremely small units (unused decimal places that have no useful value now) that lie dormant can be used as Bitcoin's value increases. Essentially the Bitcoin network already has a massive supply from it's inception, it contains all the units it will ever need for it's lifetime, it is just that it lies in this dormant state, either through the unutilised decimals, or via block rewards that are not yet in circulation, it is up to the market to infuse those decimals with value so that it can cater to the growth of the Bitcoin economy.
This increase in value encourages people to sell/spend as they can do more with less with the increase and this will eventually get recirculated to those that don't have any Bitcoins but want to acquire some. For this reason among others this is why Bitcoin is a better form of money than gold as it's divisibility is far more flexible than gold's is.
As adding more bitcoin units to the economy is fraught with difficulties because the network is designed to be completely autonomous and decentralised, adding more Bitcoin to the network via the block reward is nigh on impossible, so Bitcoin's only option then is to increase the number of units in circulation via increasing the value of each bitcoin, so that the extra decimal places gain sufficient value that they can be used for commerce. This approach also ensures that people are encouraged to continue using/saving/promoting Bitcoin usage as they will be the main benefactors of Bitcoin's growth into the future and this also helps prevent further coin loss by giving the increase in value to those that already know how to hold/secure their coins.
This is how you increase the money supply without ever needing to directly increase the money supply, it does away with needing a bunch of know-it-all suits saying "this is the best direction for the economy moving forward" and then inadvertently destroying the market with their politically driven manipulation.
@_date: 2015-01-30 13:40:25
Ross supporters are loud and opinionated and I never said they didn't exist, I said "all you are doing is looking to paint us all as drug addled deviants so you can feel morally superior", essentially was creating a nice little straw man to make himself feel better, and I emulated his depth in logic to lightly mock him. In any case that doesn't mean that there aren't a massive number of people that simply don't care or have no interest in shouting them down. I certainly don't care about this Ross guy but I don't feel the need to challenge every person that tries to protest the guy's innocence either.
Trying to prove these people wrong is just not that important to me, but I certainly take issue with people trying to paint people that frequent as all being Ross supporters. It's like proclaiming that every person that is Muslim supports terrorism, or that all gun owners support high-school shootings. And just because I am an avid Bitcoiner and poster doesn't mean I'm a supporter of Silkroad. It's a bullshit argument and I won't tolerate it.
@_date: 2015-01-30 12:56:38
I'm not sure they are simple answers, but maybe you can use them and simplify them further. It's probably far more technical than you'd like but it's difficult to simplify without leaving out significant aspects. 
* What is bitcoin?
It is a publicly shared database that records and verifies the chain of ownership of every amount (called bitcoin) transacted since it's inception. 
* How does it work?
It uses something called public key cryptography and Proof of Work to keep the network secure.
Public key cryptography allows someone to communicate across the internet securely. Each key has a public part, and a private part. The public part is used as an identity to communicate with, and the private part is used to verify one's identity. Both are linked in a one way fashion. The private key can be used to generate the public key, but the public key can't be used to create the private key. These are used to create transactions between a sender (which uses the private key to send funds) and receiver (which uses the public key to receive funds). 
Each transaction is stored in a publicly shared database called the blockchain that is updated every 10 minutes. All creation of Bitcoins, and transactions of Bitcoins leading back to it's initial creation is stored in this database. The database is managed by programs called nodes, it's job is to store and verify the full history of every update on the Bitcoin network up to now. Every node independently verifies that every transaction has not been tampered with and acts as a public repository that can be queried by other services, and is also used to broadcast new transactions to the rest of the network. They are completely independent and autonomous, but are able to synchronise the public database because they all agree to operate under the same rules. Each update, called a block links back to the previous block, back to the very beginning. This allows the software to trace every single Bitcoin back to it's initial creation, and it allows the node to independently confirm that the entire database is correct.
When a new transaction is sent, it's authenticity is checked (it checks to make sure the addresses are valid, the bitcoins attached to the address are spendable, etc.) and then broadcasts the transaction to all the other nodes it is currently connected to so that it can be included in a new update. 
Proof of Work is used to perform these updates. Proof of work is a process that allows updates to be made without depending on any one node. It is done by performing a mathematical lottery where powerful processors, with the support of a node combine a bunch of new transactions into an update, also know as a block so that a hash can be generated (sort of like a unique identifier), and then test multiple variations of the hash until it meets a certain criteria. The hash ensures that once the solution is found, the transactions can't be changed later as the other nodes will reject it.
To ensure that the network updates every 10 minutes, the proof of work algorithm is periodically tweaked by the node at predetermined intervals, (every 2016 blocks, or approximately every two weeks) based on how fast previous blocks were found in the last period so that it will take approximately 10 minutes before someone will find the correct variation. This ensures that regardless of how much processing power is being used, the approximate amount of time is still 10 minutes.
Once an answer is found that matches the network's criteria, it is broadcast to every node in the network, and each node independently checks it and confirms the new update. Since every node is using exactly the same criteria, they can easily take the block, hash it, and compare it to criteria that confirms it is a valid block. If it satisfies the node checking it, it will add it as an update to the blockchain. It is called proof of work because this solution can only be found if the processing power is dedicated to the task. It can't be found any other way and since it requires a huge amount of processing power it ensures that the node that found the work dedicated that processing power to the task within that 10 minute time frame and can be trusted as it the block contains information from the block before it so it could only have been found since the last block was created. To encourage nodes to do this work, the node is allowed to assign themselves a certain number of agreed upon Bitcoins to an address they choose. This is called the block reward, and can't exceed a predetermined limit that all the nodes agree on. They can also collect transaction fees from each transaction if the person that initiates the transaction so wishes to encourage inclusion into a block faster. This is how Bitcoins are created, and how updates are performed.
* What are wallets and how were the defendants able to 'take' peoples' coins?
Wallets is a generalisation used to describe a collection of private keys someone posseses. These are generated on the person's computer/device and can be used to send or receive Bitcoins over the Bitcoin network. They are usually stored on computers and can be prone to theft if the computer is not secured properly. Any computer connected to the internet is very vulnerable to theft as most end users don't adequately secure their computers against intrusion. Private keys are just pieces of information that allows someone to access coins assigned to the public keys that are stored on the Bitcoin network. They can also be stored offline, or even on pieces of paper the prevent theft. Once someone has a private key which is linked to bitcoins on the Bitcoin network, a person has no restrictions on how or where they are spent. 
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:44:58


Your analogy is incorrect, in SL's case they screwed up the car registration, realised their mistake when it was brought to their attention and fixed it before your car even made it back onto the road. Satoshi Labs is incredibly professional for such a small and unfunded startup but they didn't ignore the community when they started down the relicensing path, they listened and understood why it was a bad idea and rather than act immature (like many here) and belligerent, they changed course. This is not a startup with lots of VC backed money, they are a small business that got their break on kickstarter, so holding them to impossibly perfect standards is just childish, and as far as critically fucking things up is concerned, this was very minor (call me an Apologist all you like but their product and it's security was completely unaffected by this misstep).
Maybe your trust is lost, but I'm sure they will learn from this lesson and it will help them become a better business as a result.
@_date: 2015-01-31 09:29:16
The last 6 months have been crazy TBH.
A lot of people have already covered it, but I'm going to add it to my list among others.
* The emergence of decentralised crowdfunding for the masses. Lighthouse enables whole new financial use cases to be realised now. It is truly innovative and powerful, unique only to Bitcoin.
* Open Bazaar development. It has moved past the proof of concept stage and is in heavy development, this will enable people to buy/sell via Bitcoin in a truly decentralised manner.
* VC funding continues to pour into the space, as others have mentioned, as well as big financial institutions. 
* The ETF continues to move forward, and it's likelihood of approval is bolstered by the fact that the Winkelvii are opening an exchange, which is almost certain to be used as a way to interface the ETF with the Bitcoin market.
* Gavin has finally announced plans to scale up the Bitcoin network. Another strong sign that Bitcoin is moving away from a niche network to a serious force in the financial world.
* Hardware wallets are starting to enter the community in a big way this year, not only Trezor, but also Ledger, and in the near future expect the Bitcoincard, Coolwallet and the Entropy to open totally new avenues of secure wallets this year. This is entering the "so safe and easy my grandma can use it"  phase. I'm especially excited about Coolwallet myself because it hints that it will be incredibly easy to send funds with their hardware wallets.
* Announcement that Coinbase and Gemini are going to be American based exchanges. This ushers in a significant shift with regards to America's stance on Bitcoin . It means there is not longer any ambiguity about Bitcoin's legality, or how it fits into the legal system. 
I'm sure there are more but those are the ones that immediately come to mind.
@_date: 2015-01-17 10:40:05
Any person that pours their life savings into Bitcoin is not supporting the currency or a supporter of Bitcoin. They are speculators, nothing more. As a long time Bitcoin user/supporter I have never ever encouraged people to risk more money on Bitcoin than they can afford to lose as these people are not good for Bitcoin's reputation. They are irresponsible and rather than learn from their reckless speculation, they blame Bitcoin. I do everything to encourage those types of people to NOT buy Bitcoin.
Years ago I was still worried about Bitcoin's success but I'm very confident that Bitcoin is going to be around and remain successful in the long term. Here's a [breakdown of what my early fears were, and why I'm not worried about them anymore]( I've been following Bitcoin 4+ years and I'm more assured of Bitcoin's success than I ever have been.
I'm steadfast as you say because I've had years of experience watching Bitcoin grow, and the price fluctuate wildly. It gives you perspective on where Bitcoin was, where it is now, and where it will be a year or more down the road (see my link for more clarification). I only need to see the developments that were announced in 2013 bear real fruit in 2014 and know that developments announced in 2014 will be bearing fruits in 2015. Developers/innovators and users have never dropped Bitcoin and walked away when the price goes down the toilet, instead they've silently toiled away in the background and emerge months later with their newest idea, and this trend has been consistent over the years.
The fact is that Bitcoin is not broken, and is as functional at 1000, as when it was 10. When it comes to doing interesting things with Bitcoin, the price is only of marginal importance so price will rarely affect those kinds of people. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:14:33
PR people are hardly good at answering engineering questions, and engineering people hardly have the finesse of PR people. CEOs are there to run a business and delegate to others more experienced at handling these matters than them, not do the jobs of engineers and PR people.
I think is being refreshingly honest and upfront unlike others that will dodge questions, go silent, or just play pre-recorded messages.
You honestly need to chill out a bit. It's good that he's at least being honest with you and trying to answer obviously technical questions on the fly, by the sounds of it they are being very responsive to everyone's feedback. They obviously want to do it right and appreciate the probing questions so I think you should show a bit more patience.
@_date: 2015-01-31 09:34:31
You're awesome :) 
1 beer
@_date: 2015-01-16 13:23:50
I only monitor addresses I generated on the offline machine, I almost never use the online Armory to create new receive addresses and I always confirm change addresses when I sign addresses on the offline signing machine. It's also mainly to monitor cold storage, so I avoid making lots of transactions with it and that means I don't get complacent when I do make the occasional transaction. I do daily transactions with my Trezor instead.
I've used Armory this way for over 2 years now. I do appreciate the concern though. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:01:55
Warms my heart to know that there are people out there behaving responsibly and actually following my advice :)
@_date: 2015-01-01 07:12:40
RemindMe! 363 days
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:23:28
It's when the consequences of someone's actions results in this being the final outcome.
Eg. You refuse to pay your taxes, but the government demands by law that you pay. If neither party relents, then the standoff escalates until either one or the other uses force to resolve the situation. Libertarians believe that their choice to not do something paints them as the victims and that the government is the one being the bully trying to force them to do something against their will.
At least that is how I understand it. 
The whole taxation is robbery line is used in a rather misguided way IMO. In a perfect world those taxes will enrich everyone's lives and those that pay those taxes will also reap the benefits, but those taxes can also be misused, or squandered, in which case, the people paying are just being used and gain absolutely zero benefit so in that case I can understand that viewpoint. I think there are legitimate reasons to be angry about unfair, or abuse of tax money, but taxes also serve a valuable purpose to enrich society as a whole, rather than letting opportunists and the wealthy run roughshod over the less advantaged, unfortunately how it plays out in real life is a whole other story though... I certainly don't share the libertarian viewpoint, but I definitely mirror some of their feelings and reasonings on the subject.
 
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:09:13
Thats an amazing amount of coins being traded if true. That's around 1/34th of the entire supply of Bitcoin being moved around on a single day. I think the largest trading volume in days past was around 250k when Mt Gox was still around and the only well established exchange.
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:52:41
Happened in 2010, 2013, and now 2015. I much prefer the laid back humour to the anger, bitterness and rampant trolls taking advantage of people feeling down to put the boot in even more.
I'm far more chilled about it this time because I have perspective of previous years and know that bitcoin is well and truly here to stay now. I won't tell you to relax, but I don't think you should be panicking either. That said, if this is hurting you financially you shouldn't be risking so much in bitcoin and should be only putting into bitcoin what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:57:30
They really should have added that as the reward goes down transaction fees are going to replace the reward over time. Other than that it was pretty good though.
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:23:29
Agreed, 2 years ago people (including myself) were rightly concerned that governments around the world were going to drive Bitcoin underground and that legal uses of Bitcoin would evaporate with it. Instead Bitcoin has not exactly received a warm welcome by governments but it has been afforded a legitimate place in day to day commerce. Many countries recognise it is legal to use in day to day activity, is considered taxable in most countries and this has given it a great deal of legitimacy so that businesses can handle Bitcoin with the legal certainty they crave. It still isn't rock solid and some countries *cough*australia*cough* are being dickish about how it should be taxed, but this gives Bitcoin a very strong footing so that it can grow and won't wither and fade into the background like some fad. 
Many people don't realise it yet, but these things have almost guaranteed that Bitcoin will not go away now and the early support in the first few years helped make that happen. I worried years ago that Bitcoin would get pushed to the fringes and it's support would burn out if governments outright banned and if that had occurred I was pretty certain that a crash in price when it is also illegal to use would signal the end of the Bitcoin experiment. I'm not really phased by the fluctuations much these days as the worst and biggest hurdle, that being government acceptance/tolerance of Bitcoin's existence has been achieved and there won't be some sort of absurd "war on private money" or legal retaliation against Bitcoin users. There's still a long way to go on the legal front, but the worst outcomes have been largely avoided.
@_date: 2015-05-17 10:36:52
Yeah, he needs to drastically tone down the rhetoric and stop rebranding quotes/memes as his own, otherwise he's going to disappear into the background noise along with all the other alt pumpers. Thoughts of [this video]( comes to mind when someone starts needlessly acting like a prophet for the next new alt they believe is going to challenge Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-31 02:14:24
Spending/inflating to incite economic recovery is tantamount to saying the beatings will continue until morale improves.
With people actually seriously saying things like this, it is no wonder that the economies of the world is in such a disastrous state.
@_date: 2014-10-14 14:56:15
Very lucky IMO.
@_date: 2014-09-27 03:33:50
Yep, BF's context was with regard to the government of the time literally not enforcing their right to tax (which was being vetoed by the governor at the behest of Penn) in exchange for payment by the Penn family on the condition that they were doing it voluntarily and not because it was actually enforceable by law.
It was essentially the government ceding their right to tax the Penn family (the people's essential liberty in this case), to literally purchase with the revenue raised from taxing the Penn family to secure the country IOW, pay the army etc. rather than have a drawn out and prolonged battle of words to wrest the taxes from them legally.
So in a nuitshell he was saying, if you guys can't even work as a whole to keep the country safe from external threats, then this government is fucked and has not even the right or power to call itself a government.
I feel the meaning itself is still relevant, but the context in which it was said was a completely different setup. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:54:13
Wow, frightened me for a second, all I could think was, "oh, crap, which comment did they quote???", luckily it wasn't one where I was wrestling with a troll, those can get messy. :)
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:11:03
Miners never used an exchange to acquire Bitcoins. So conceivably employers could have exchanged goods or services with other miners to acquire Bitcoins without ever using an exchange as an intermediary (why would they after all when exchanges primarily exchange currency in most cases). Exchanges are at it's core simply a centralised service that matches buyers with sellers. An employer is perfectly capable of finding a miner willing to sell if they wanted to. It is difficult though, which is why exchanges exist in the first place, to simplify the process.
@_date: 2015-05-21 06:17:18
I listened to the whole thing, very good and level headed discussion. Lot's of reminiscing of the early days of Bitcoin too.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:55:33
I wouldn't say he argues that point. The fact is self evident.
@_date: 2014-02-24 14:59:39
My feeling is that to make this happen you would need amonopoly on entry into mining, IOW, the country trying to win needs to have a monopoly on the chip manufacture in order to build and utilise enough miners to control the blockchain.
This would be pointless though since once people realise, the developers and rest of the network can fork, with a new hashing algorithm to reset the race. It might seem like a weak counter attack, but if the option is to see the blockchain corrupted, and the network fail, then I think it will definitely be on the table. What's more the counter stroke would mean the country that did such a thing would lose any profit from future mining, have billions of dollars of useless equipment, and the rest of the world would still be able to function.
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:52:41
I don't think people are angry at you for not wanting to risk your money in Bitcoin, they are angry at you because you ignored everyone's warnings and risked more than you could afford to lose. And you are also taking cheap shots at the community, but I'll cover that at the end.
If it's any consolation, I've seen users from 2011 say exactly the same thing when they bought near the top of 32 USD and then bailed at 12 USD. You aren't the first, and unfortunately won't be the last. The fact that you wanted to post a thread to rant about how unfair the world is, is not very mature of you either. 
Trolls have been commonplace since Bitcoin went through it's first surge in price, and all these other things you've doomed and gloomed over is just you being overly dramatic. Mining is not broken and this has been discussed endlessly, volatility is normal in a small market with limited liquidity, the blockchain is solid as a rock and hard forks of the past planned and unplanned has not ushered the end of Bitcoin as we know it, AML/KYC is not Bitcoin's fault and instead highlights how utterly trapped fiat users are in the current banking system, and Gavin can do whatever he wants with his coins, he is not a market maker and frankly you treating him like his share of wealth in/out of Bitcoin matters is frankly ludicrous.
You are involved in Bitcoin for all the wrong reasons IMO and you rightly need to take a step back and ask yourself why you're even here. Stop treating it like a get rich quick scheme, invest only what you can afford to lose, and simply enjoy dabbling with a tech that has a hell of a lot more to offer than just a price ticker. You don't need to invest half your net worth to take advantage of Bitcoin's potential.


FYI, as an early adopter I never take advantage of newbies and I take deep offence from you portraying us as such by saying "Early adopters: Kudos for making money on the backs of newbies". So before you get all defensive and acting all innocent, you should take note that you're insulting a large number of use here by saying such things.
@_date: 2015-01-19 07:43:40
1 answer
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:05:15
Looks like they are [way ahead of you]( their grasping at straws is getting ever more frantic. And this coming from the same account that conned money from users here a few days ago and [openly mocked their goodwill later](
People like this that are bereft of even a tiny shred of integrity are not listened to, they are used as examples for others to learn from so that they can avoid toxic people like this.
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:31:57
Satoshi had a very good reason to poke his head up and he did it to stop people harassing an innocent old man (I commend him for that). Sure people are looking for him but he also has likely got a heart and didn't want this poor guy being harassed because of him.
Also it should be noted that he has almost never used his PGP for proving it's him, none of his accounts have been known to have been hacked in the past, the p2pfoundation site has not reported any hacking attempt, either successful or not, and on top of all that this is Satoshi, a guy that knows how to stay hidden and has been incredibly good at covering his tracks.
Ed: He also may have had not just good will on his mind, it could have been guilt too for a very specific reason. Dorian Nakamoto may have been an identity he specifically borrowed to assume that pseudonym and now the poor guy he picked out that he perhaps thought people would pass over as too obvious or maybe didn't think was an issue since Bitcoin was small back then, is now thrust into a situation that the creator never expected/intended.
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:15:12
If they're solvent it will be a non-event, but if they've been messing with depositor's Bitcoin, then yeah, it could get ugly fast.
@_date: 2015-05-04 15:26:52
While the core devs and other discussed the pros and cons of both and Gavin, at least in a public sense, tried to be impartial and restrained, you instead posted threads actively promoting BIP 17 with ready to go compiled releases and were actively encouraging miners (as well as pre-emptively implementing BIP17 on your own not not so insignificant pool's hash power) to use your version before the core devs and wider community were ready to roll out in earnest, with one or the other.
I watched it all unfold back in the day and it was clear that you had decided to push ahead with rolling out your version regardless of public opinion while everyone else was still on the fence. It is unfortunate because I took all the core devs' views very seriously back then and your (perceived) reckless impatience undid a lot of trust you had with the community, especially considering that, in hindsight, BIP 17 may have been the better choice, but I guess we'll never know now.
By the way, I'm not bitter or dislike you, just like I don't hate Peter. You've both made important contributions to the Bitcoin ecosystem and I respect that. But it's clear that when people are dealing with a community where their decisions affect that community, they need to be patient, restrained and transparent. Ruthlessly pushing agendas will not buy friends or win allies. Quite the opposite in fact.
@_date: 2014-12-01 14:44:48
Precisely, at the end of the day many centralised services lower the barrier to entry by turning a profit on making Bitcoin easier to use. But none of these services have exclusive access, privileges, or can force a user to use their services like payment services in the old financial world.
OP is being overly dramatic IMO and needs to chill out. VCs are the risk takers, and they find a path forward with the aim to turn an early profit by giving people things they need in an immature space, while others will learn from their mistakes, copy their successes and build services that mimic their early creations as no-one has a monopoly on who uses the Bitcoin network. You will never abolish centralised services as they are quick to get up and running, easy to maintain, and much faster. The decentralised solutions are slower to get up and running, but VCs can't lock them out of the market no matter how much money or lawyers they try to throw at the competition. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:37:52
I also said,


@_date: 2014-02-25 07:27:29
Armory, *Armory*, **ARMORY!!**
If they have this much money they can afford a second computer and it would've been absolutely worth (literally) the effort to learn how to protect their money properly.
The logic of some people, I liken storing thousands of BTCs on Gox to securing your Lamborghini by using a bike chain, and leaving a polite note saying "please don't steal my car".
This thread.
God, damn.
@_date: 2015-05-11 13:47:02
Indeed, I mentioned Litecoin because it is probably the closest analogue to Bitcoin which also has a shorter block verification time, and it has been running for a few years now so there'd be lots of juicy data to crunch.
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:35:26
That was probably Satoshi-dice when they started conducting all their bets on the blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-05-02 16:49:55
My first exposure to him was when he started to voice his opposition to the 1mb block limit (back then he posted as retep on bitcointalk) and decided to organise funding to produce essentially a propaganda video to try and sway public opinion rather than debate the merits of his argument in a level headed and civil manner. It was underhanded, and did nothing but add to the already toxic atmosphere, ~~much like lukejr's antics when p2sh was rolled out and he tried to undermine Gavin's implementation of p2sh, even though the majority of people sided with Gavin~~. Ever since then I've taken everything he says with a salt shaker.
I don't hate him, but I also don't trust a thing he says unless he goes to great pains to justify why we should pay to his concerns. 
Ed: typos. I also called him out later on this sub, and he made no apologies about his antics even though he changed course. People that can't admit they did something stupid in their past should *not* be trusted IMO.
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:04:53
Armory, offline transactions.
I have both machines within reach and both hooked up to a kvm. When I need to make a transaction I power up armory, 30s-10m depending on how well synched Bitcoin-Qt is, in the meant time the offline machine is powered up and armory running. Create the transaction which takes a trivial amount of time, 20-40s, save the unsigned transaction to a flash dirve and whip it onto the other machine 30-40s, load the unsigned transaction and sign it 20s, then whip the flash back and broadcast it, 20s.
In total it'll take me at most 12mins, to 1.5 mins, depending on sync and load times. Armory is safe enough you could potentially be handling hundreds of thousands of dollars, so making regular transactions from huge funds can be extremely safe and fast, once set up properly.
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:59:52
I don't agree with you necessarily that you should never pay taxes, but I do heartily agree with [Milton Freidman]( 
If government thinks it can squelch adoption with oppressive taxes, or even get "it's fair share" for that matter, I think they are in for a shock, because that horse has well and truly bolted. Banks have been very rigorously avoiding Bitcoin for years (pretty much the government's whipping boys when it come to "collecting" and oppressing, and it has not been getting the oppressive/collecting effect they wanted. I'm sure they'll get *some* taxes, but it's going to be impossible to truly regulate Bitcoin or any other decentralised currency unless they truly open up the system so that it is fair (fat chance). Just like how they never realised how empowering the internet would become, they'll always be playing catchup, while falling further behind.
@_date: 2014-03-17 08:02:11
Monopolies hate it when people have options. People can choose the hold-your-hand-then-fuck-you-when-nobody's-watching financial system, or they have the *option* of sending money via Bitcoin. Everyone benefits from competition, even if the vast majority chooses not to use Bitcoin, it's still a viable option, and it will continue to get easier/safer to use over time. Trezor, BIP70, and lots of other improvements are going to make Bitcoin adoption ready for the mainstream without a doubt.
@_date: 2014-02-18 10:42:13
Agreed on all points. These are growing pains, because it is bleedingly obvious that compared to a year ago, the Bitcoin ecosystem is thriving. In reality Mt Gox is a distraction at best, yet most people seem to think like everything is like it was a year ago where if Mt Gox trips, the entire Bitcoin economy falls over. It just isn't the case anymore.
And compared to a year ago, the governments' reaction worldwide has been largely positive regardless of what people say.
@_date: 2015-08-16 12:57:41
Miners are more at risk if they change to XT without the nodes as their their transactions in their mined blocks could be rejected. But if nodes change to XT it will not matter whether it is a 1mb limit, or the scheduled limit and their transactions will be accepted by any/all miners.
In short, miners have more at risk if they change to XT before nodes do as nodes connect them to the rest of the bitcoin economy (which allows them to sell/spend their newly mined coins). While miners have the power over the longest chain and control the security of the blockchain, nodes have the power to control propagation among the entirety of the Bitcoin economy.
If the majority of nodes switch to XT it is an unambiguously clear signal that miners will be supported by the Bitcoin economy if they do so (essentially meaning that any miner the gets rewards with blocks &gt;1mb will have that transaction recofgnised by the majority of the Bitcoin economy). Miners will definitely want that assurance before they jump headlong into adoption of XT so expect the number of nodes supporting XT to be a strong indicator for whether miners decide to move to XT in the future.
@_date: 2015-08-11 10:56:20
Already subbed ;)
@_date: 2015-08-20 19:04:38
What the council of 12 is doing is not a process the Bitcoin community wants or needs. This is the process. People propose changes to the public, the code gets reviewed/discussed by the public, then users/miners decide to, or decide not to adopt the changes.
Everything else is an orchestrated bureaucracy that helps to siphon power to certain people who can then exploit it. It is completely optional and when it no longer works to benefit the people then it should be ignored until they learn to play nice again.
@_date: 2015-08-20 17:20:13
Damn, you're right, thanks for the correction. Yeah it was a different time back then. I was just as heavily into Bitcoin back then too, I followed the discussions as they happened, but it was no less contentious. People were no less nasty and it got just as ugly as Luke did virtually exactly the same thing as Gavin and Mike are doing now. 
Looking back, I can see where Luke went wrong too, Luke was purely technical about it, but he made the critical mistake of offending the userbase by getting nasty with Gavin who was trying to let everyone have their say and make an informed decision. The devs back then were also pretty much split down the middle too with them only barely siding with Gavin's implementation. I think the other thing that clinched the argument was that people liked Gavin more than Luke. Luke had done some sketchy things up to then, did not play well with the rest of the community like Gavin did, and had some very funny ideas about Bitcoin, politics and such. I'm pretty sure it was actually BTCGuild (Eleutheria) that stood aside and in all honesty, it was a good thing. He obviously didn't know which was the best approach and let the mining community decide. If he had simply nixed the decision with his hashpower, it would have simply drawn the community's ire on him and likely damaged his pool's income as people would have protested with their miners. Fucking with the community that pays your bills, and gives every Bitcoin value, is a very bad idea.
Unfortunately many of the devs have either refused to, or have completely forgotten to learn from the lessons of the past, and that is to not piss off the community by attacking others to make your point. People reeeeeealy hate it when devs piss all over the community and act like they have all the power. Luke got a much smaller taste of that. It got really nasty for a while there as many people rounded on Luke for acting in a way that looked self-serving at the time. I now know that there was more to it, but public perception is everything. What the devs are doing now is making them look really bad, the bickering, snide retorts, ranting, bitterness, desperation, lashing out at normal people here and on the forum, and worst of all, censoring, is doing immense damage. I'm actually staggered by the unprofessionalism of some of these people, even longtime devs are turning into petulant children to the point where all their integrity is gone. There's no discussion anymore, just tantrums. I struggle to think of any way they could be doing more damage TBH. Pretty much to the point where many have lost the respect of the community, and once that happens, it can be incredibly difficult to get it back. When you start treating the community like dirt, you can pretty much kiss any technical argument goodbye.
The only people that seem to be maintaining at least a little bit of professionalism is Gavin and Mike. I've heard hardly a whisper from them, and that silence is driving everyone else nuts. They've at least learnt that less is more and I hope they keep it that way in the months ahead.
@_date: 2015-08-24 08:15:26
Absolutely reprehensible behaviour on Adam Back's part. Now he wants people to behave by forcing them to follow completely arbitrary "rules" to enact obedience. 
This is what happens when you give people power, they use it to force others to dance to their tune, otherwise you are punished and not allowed into their clique/club. Bitcoin is a beacon for permissionless innovation yet Adam is trying to force everyone to ask for permission first. And the only way he can enforce this kind of crap is if devs are powerless to go their own way and innovate without him.
I do very much hope people are paying attention to this.
@_date: 2015-08-20 17:29:11
True, but I understood fluffyponyza to be talking about forks in general, not hard forks specifically. The subject I was addressing was contentious forks.
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:55:10
My thoughts exactly, I'm not here to cheer-lead Gavin or Mike, I'm only interested in making sure Bitcoin scales into the future. After that, any other topic will be treated with the same amount of scrutiny as anyone else's.
@_date: 2015-08-15 17:26:19
They were the same way about hackers and the Internet. Now that it's become less scary and they've become more informed, they're starting to notice all the awesome things they can do with it.
@_date: 2015-08-09 14:47:09
Yeah, I'm *really* getting tired of these low content/effort posts, especially considering people could simply go to or just do a goddamn search and get the answer they wanted. Same goes for the carbon copy posts that are made when the price goes up. 
Mods should really crack down on these and treat them like spam.
@_date: 2015-08-16 11:24:51
Great to see you being impartial and letting the individual miners decide. It would be great to see more miners do this.
@_date: 2015-08-02 14:52:58
WRT vaccination I'm referring to the connection between Autism (as the cause of autism is still largely unknown) and vaccines and how being too cautious is actually killing people and leading to a resurgence of infection rather than actually making children, or the public safer. Reacting based on no information whatsoever because you get a gut feeling or vibe is in no way better and could actually be the worst possible course of action. As you say, getting the data is also the thing you should do when you lack data. This is why instead of reacting according to bias, fear, or even tradition, the first line of defence should be to establish some ground truths that gives you at least something, rather than reacting according to imagined truths. Ignorance is the enemy.
@_date: 2015-08-06 19:26:13
Another likely reason the price is higher is that Satoshi labs is not VC funded so they can't burn through millions of dollars and bet on their product selling hundreds of thousands of units. If they want to stay in business, they need to recoup their costs fast, a couple percent profit is simply not feasible for them. I also remember them saying that the cost of the device also incorporates expenses for running and maintaining the mytrezor.com site. That site doesn't run on wishes and rainbows, so obviously they are ensuring that the money raised from the sales can cover running costs for years to come, and let us not forget the ongoing maintenance and bug fixing they've done up to now and into the future, just because it's open source doesn't mean that it is going to maintain and bugfix itself.
@_date: 2015-08-19 16:19:07


Developer|Employer | In favor of
Gavin Andresen|MIT|8mb+
Mike Hearn|Google, now Vinumeris|8mb+
Meni Rosenfeld|Israeli Bitcoin Association, Bitcoil|tentative 8mb+
Jeff Garzik|Bitpay, now Dunvegan Space Systems, Inc.| &gt;1mb
Peter Todd|Viacoin et al.|1mb
Luke-JR|Subcontracted by Blockstream|1mb
Adam Back|Blockstream Co-Founder|1mb
Matt Corallo|Blockstream Co-Founder|1mb
Gmaxwell|Blockstream Co-Founder|1mb
Peter Wuille |Blockstream Co-Founder|1mb
Mark Friedenbach(Maaku7)|Blockstream Co-Founder|1mb
Don't believe me? Go check yourself. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:31:11
Burden of proof is simply an excuse to avoid answering the hard questions. Both sides should be putting forward their case for whether the block size is feasable or not. I would gladly listen to both sides rather than this constant postulating and war of words.  
And I disagree on that link being an unfair characterisation as I have followed the block size argument since the limit was put in place all the way back in 2010. It has been a stream of excuses, stalling, and now a number of people pin all their hopes on LN being their magic bullet. If people are so adamant that it is infeasable to raise the limit then where is the evidence? I'm have a strong background in CS with a focus in computer vision, machine learning and I've published papers so it's not like it goes over my head, I can handle a technical argument, I can crunch the stats, make models, etc. , yet none of the devs seem to be able to come up with more than theories. I am also not one to trust the word of any developer. EVER. I have dealt with a lot of code and done a lot of coding and I can honestly say that finding good developers that *actually know their stuff* is hard. And make no mistake, just because a person proclaims that they work on Bitcoin in no way means that they have Bitcoin's best interests at heart. It is abundantly clear that a number developers are being insincere, or even worse, are full of themselves and think they know better than everyone else. Gavin, Mike, even Jeff and Peter are at least making proposals, doing tests, collaborating, etc. , but everyone else seems to wish the discussion would go away so they can test out their own pet theories on how to take advantage of cripple coin, rather than remove, or at least raise (either statically, dynamically, or intermittently) what was fully intended to only be a temporary limit.
@_date: 2015-08-20 13:35:23
The only reason Bitcoin works is because no one person or clique of people control it, and the only reason bitcoins have value is because people (those "sheep") give it value. Developers don't call the shots. I remember back in the day when mining was still on CPUs and someone modified the mining code to run on GPUs. People were scrambling to pay developers to code an open source version and developers, seeing the demand gave the users what they wanted. In the super early days there was even a bounty system on the forums where people would offer coins to devs for things they needed coded.
There was none of this bullshit where Satoshi released a development plan and said. First I'm going to give you this because this is what I think is best for the Bitcoin community, *then* I'll release this other code so you can do something else, etc. etc. . Utter bullshit. Developers do not tell users what they need and when they need it. Users tell developers what they need, and devs go and find ways to solve the problem for them.
There was none of this hand holding "we're in it together" rhetoric that devs like peddling nowdays. There was only supply and demand. This was the original vision for Bitcoin, and I should know, I was around before there even WAS a limit. I did not sign up for permanently crippled blocks and it was always clear from the outset that the limit was a temporary fix to mitigate possible DOS attacks in the early days. Those early days are far, far behind us now and the Bitcoin world is far more grown up. The possibility of spamming and bloating the blockchain with abundant, cheap coins is far behind us and miners are no longer mindless like they were back then.
This has nothing to do with "clever rhetoric and manipulative tactics", this is about following through on a fix that was a rushed kludge back in the day. Mike and Gavin are the only ones that are actually true to the original design.
That's what Bitcoin was when I signed up, that's what it was meant to be originally, and now that it is though the roughest parts, that element of it's functionality needs to be preserved so it can continue to function the way it has for the last 6 years.
@_date: 2015-08-26 09:45:33
I never said Theymos wrote the table or ever implied such a thing. I very obviously used Theymos' list and ordered in an easier to digest manner. The text from theymos was in quotes, the table was not. How is this confusing to you? In another post I said it outright what I added to the table. Right [here]( Others even (politely) [added clarifications and I added them]( such as Wladimir being paid by MIT.


I made it crystal clear in other post's that this was about Theymos' opinion, not mine.
Would you like to stuff even more words into my mouth? Making allegations when you haven't even looked at my recent posts? Making up all manner of sinister motivations to reassure yourself that I'm a nasty person out to make your life difficult? Is this how we are going to play it? If you find something that is factually incorrect and bring it to my attention without being an absolute prick about it, I WILL correct it. But when you start off personally attacking me without even thinking, I react in kind. I've dealt with all manner of trolls, I will not be bullied by you or anyone else, but if you approach me in an honest, respectful and patient manner, I respond in kind.
I'll say it again, bullying me will get the exact opposite reaction you are looking for. You do it a lot, often right off the bat and it infuriates people, and others notice this. Luke-JR did it too during the BIP16/17 debate and it backfired in spectacular manner. Character assasination and treating regular users like dirt will not work. (and I can pretty much feel you thinking about that table again in reaction to the "character assasination" comment, ready to shoot back "but! you used that table!". The table was NOT my opinion, it was about Theymos' idea of what constitutes a core dev)
I have far better things to do than than respond to more to your pointless misunderstandings. Eragmus gave you some [good advice]( a while back, I suggest you start using it.
@_date: 2015-08-20 10:51:03
3+ years gridlock on the issue is also dangerous and irresponsible.
@_date: 2015-08-20 05:54:40
approves this message.
@_date: 2015-08-20 14:54:57


Yeah I was "WTF??" right there. That statement implies that the "Core devs" are in charge of Bitcoin right now which should be raising all sort of alarm bells in people's minds right now. Since *when* did any of us decide/submit to/hand over/permit that the Core devs could solely decide the development direction of the Bitcoin protocol?? The statement also implies that he thinks the development process can be owned and controlled by a select group of people. What. The. FUCK.
The blessed "Core dev" council of 12 has 5 of it's 12 fall under the purview of one corporate entity, Blockstream. People were throwing shit fits over Gavin working for an organisation, they should be getting apoplectic over Blockstream who can pretty much veto anything they like if they are perceived as the only group of people that have a say in the development of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-08-24 15:59:13
Maybe I should paraphrase then:
You are not the boss of me.
@_date: 2015-08-24 08:19:45
"Trust us."
   --Blockstream.
@_date: 2015-08-26 05:10:33
I agree. The list is incorrect, it's flawed, heavily one-sided, one should not be able to condense the argument down to a few lines, or think that 12 people are the only ones that should have any higher standing than others in this discussion. I used this table to highlight how utterly blinkered Theymos' interpretation of the debate was. Greg already brought this up elsewhere and I explained in pained detail that this was not my list of developers, and did not represent my opinion in any way, which is why it is accompanied with the quote from Theymos' sticky above the table. You can check my post history to confirm. He did not like the fact that I was posting this list and tried to accuse me of spreading misinformation when I was trying to highlight that this was based on what Theymos' thought, not I. I made clear what information I added and what was Theymos' opinion based on the sticky he posted. He then went on to make a huge deal out of it, and tried to bully me into changing it/removing it. Even implying that my account could have been bought and used to spread misinformation and that I should post under my real name. I do not take kindly to bullying and I made that clear in my post too as he often waltzes round these forums putting people down, mocking them and acting like an absolute asshat when people disagree with him. Trying that tactic on me got the exact opposite effect and he didn't like it.
I do thank you for the clarification on Adam's stance, do you perhaps have a link to where he said that? Or any other developer that works on Bitcoin for that matter?
@_date: 2015-08-12 18:59:05
Which is why the doublings only happen 10 times over 20 years.
@_date: 2015-08-24 08:58:33
This pretty much sums up my feelings about their "constirct-ution".














































































@_date: 2015-08-04 11:40:16
"We find robust evidence that computer programming enthusiasts and illegal activity drive interest in ~~Bitcoin~~ the internet and find limited or no support for political and investment motives."
Checks out.
@_date: 2015-08-27 04:13:30
Thanks for responding in a level headed manner. I was the one that actually gave you gold for that post :) (if you doubt it, I can respond to your thanks PM to confirm). I'm a big fan of respectful discussion too. But I do not suffer rudeness lightly. I have also corrected things that Greg has brought to my attention that has been totally wrong, he provided a link here that corrected a statement I made based on false assumptions and I immediately corrected it. Even theymos stepped in on a conversation I was having with fluffyponyza, and I never snapped back at him, acted in a rude or condescending manner, or lashed out at him because of his censoring of posts, I accepted the response graciously, slightly clarified my position, and fluffyponyza also helped clarify, all smooth, simple, and conflict free. 
I recognise Greg is good at what he does, but I'm afraid that does not give him license to act the way he does. I also made it abundantly clear that his behaviour is unacceptable, I do not respond to bullying, but he persisted (I'm sure he'll point out that he "politely" sent a PM but all he did in actual fact was send a link to his public post containing his bellitling comments saying "Do you plan on updating this table?"). I frankly have no time for the guy if this is how he deals with disagreements. As far as this issue is concerned, he ruined any chance of resolving it, I haven't the time, nor the patience to waste my time on such a frivolous thing especially considering that he is a third party in all of this, if this is so damaging and misrepresentative, then Theymos should be the one to step in, hell he can outright *delete* the posts if he wants. He thought that people will accept his bad behaviour simply because he thinks he is right, but I'm afraid that is not how it works with me, he doesn't get to act nice one day, then resort to bullying the next. There are a lot of great and smart people in the world, but the greatest and smartest are the ones that know how to communicate, get along with others, and resolve their disagreements in a civil and respectful manner, that is the true sign of intelligence IMO. Browbeating people with your opinion will not work long term and it certainly doesn't work with me.
Funny thing is, if he had been patient, provided pertinent links, and had not made snide or reactionary comments he would have gotten a wholly different reaction from me. It really isn't a tall ask. 
@_date: 2015-08-12 05:45:17
Very well said. 
@_date: 2015-08-16 10:59:56
I'd also add that all the remaining mods should be given full permissions so that no single mod can veto or threaten to strip other mods of their powers. Jratcliff pointed out he was afraid of speaking out against the censorship as theymos can strip him of his mod status simply for disagreeing. It is very clear that mods operate under duress as theymos and thepiachu can boot any mod that holds different views.
@_date: 2015-08-25 05:57:52
It's because they think their say is more important then the opinion of the community. The more and more I listen to these people the more I realise they do not care one whit about what the Bitcoin users/miners/economy wants. They simply rattle off their todo list and then get pissy when others interject or interrupt them.
@_date: 2015-08-05 11:00:40
Looks like constructive and verifiable counterarguments is still out of fashion. :|
Gotta say, language like this definitely instills a lot of confidence in our dear leaders. Makes me wonder why people ever doubted them. I've actually got a great idea to help things along, lets avoid making hard decisions that conflict with our deep seated biases, we should simply tell everyone that making changes to the block size is an attack on Bitcoin and we should denounce anyone critical of our opinions as traitors to the cause! ;)
@_date: 2015-08-11 05:35:07
I think theymos is going the right way about undermining the centralisation of this sub actually. He is censoring discussion and promotion of XT, so people will simply move discussions off this sub to other places. Now that he has shown his true colours and demonstrated that he can't remain impartial, it gives users the push they need to stop using as much and move to other subs like and .
@_date: 2015-08-20 04:56:19
He told me exactly the same thing. I asked for evidence and all I got back was crickets.
@_date: 2015-08-11 05:19:52
[Groupthink is a psychological phenomenon that occurs within a group of people, in which the desire for harmony or conformity in the group results in an irrational or dysfunctional decision-making outcome. Group members try to minimize conflict and reach a consensus decision without critical evaluation of alternative viewpoints, by actively suppressing dissenting viewpoints, and by isolating themselves from outside influences.](
@_date: 2015-08-20 11:41:29
We also didn't need "fee pressure" 3 years ago. We still don't.
@_date: 2015-08-08 19:02:40
No, it is a very, very bad idea. It is not secure and nothing you said about the company justifies it's trustworthiness, case in point, Mt Gox, people lost *millions* by putting their trust in the biggest, longest running, largest volume, reputed exchange. Those that ignore history are doomed to repeat it, do you really want to ignore the lessons of Mt Gox so you can indulge in trusting yet another company with your money, especially when you don't even need to?
Buy a Trezor, password protect it, and keep several hard copies as backups. Sure it's not glamorous and fun like your idea, but it's fuckloads safer and far better for your piece of mind.
@_date: 2015-08-19 17:03:44
Yep, I didn't want to be misleading and state that Meni was pro 8mb as he very obviously said that given no other solutions he'd side with the 8+ mb solution as a last resort.
Ty for the link.
@_date: 2015-08-02 12:41:36
That line of thinking has worked well for anti-vaxxers... &amp;
@_date: 2015-08-20 16:10:20
BIP16/17 was contentious, and the Eligius pool belligerently held on until it was obvious that their attempt to adopt the BIP~~16~~17 changes was going to fail. They changed to the BIP~~17~~16 code before the switchover and no miner ended up on the old chain as they all knew ahead of time.
The amount of hash power that triggered the changeover was 80% I think.
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:07:58
indeed ....
@_date: 2015-08-20 10:19:46
So much for permission-less innovation.
@_date: 2015-08-25 05:04:21


Yes, Gavin has been controlling in the past too and people are right to speak out against these types of things. Adam has also treated Gavin like an enemy of Bitcoin for doing something completely natural and acceptable. Luke-JR did it too, (and Gavin didn't like it either), and I accept that this can be disruptive, but it in no way is a bad thing for the community. Anyone that refuses to listen to the community and begins to play a politician to the process of open source, rather than focusing on the technical arguments wholly and solely does not deserve my respect. 
I really don't give two damns about fan boys propping this guy up as some kind of saviour, I've read plenty of his actual conversations on forums and guy acts like anything but. Words from his keyboard, to my eyes shows me he is not a knight in shining armour, and he is not the CEO of a company with 21million in funding so he can piss it all away for the sole benefit of the Bitcoin community. His backers expect ~~results~~returns on their investment.
@_date: 2015-08-13 09:28:59
While I vehemently disagree with some devs' points of view, they should still be able to voice their disagreement. One of my philosophies in life is, "the truth is never embarrassed by honest inquiry" and so anyone that at least approaches the discussion with an open mind is going to add to the discussion. This issue, as you say is complex. What I *really* hate is how discussion is shut down by immature, snide and disrespectful commenters. The arrogance of some so-called "experts" is pathetic to say the least and it would be far better for them and their cause if they kept their mouth shut (as they usually undermine their agenda by being an ass to others in the eyes of most readers), not to mention those that simply try to intervene by silencing discussion altogether. 
@_date: 2015-07-23 21:30:43
I agree. The overtly emotional, alarmist, and snide comments regarding the blocksize is frankly embarrassing more than anything else. War? Fuck, I'd rather call it a dummy spit more than anything. Grown adults acting like children is a more appropriate assessment. 
Everyone needs to grow the fuck up, take a deep breath, put their pet ideologies aside, and approach the problem in a mature manner, rather than the my-way-or-the-highway negotiating I see many people employing. They may not realise it, but the media, and the rest of the world are actually reading these forums and taking notes.
Ed: My comments refer to reddit discussion more than other forums to be clear.
@_date: 2015-08-19 16:47:03
Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:42:35
Funny, 9,500 people in another sub seem to be able to discuss these topics in a calm, respectful and constructive manner without the need for crafting the discussion according to the desires of a select few. People always talk about how it is vital for there to be a free and open press in order for people to make informed choices in society, especially in politics. But you want to create a means for strong power brokers to form that can make backroom deals and selectively feed which information is OK for the masses to digest and which information is too controversial.
I get real tired of this "consensus" BS and the fact that a bunch of developers *must all agree* first. It is this very act that is choking Bitcoin development to death. Development is utterly centralised and only a select few can actually enact change, thus making it easy to form cliques, build tight alliances, cement dependence on one and only one piece of software and more easily act according to their own self interest, rather than the community's. What the developers want has absolutely no bearing on which piece of Bitcoin software is running, yet development is so utterly centralised now that people are completely dependent on one piece of software. There is absolutely no opportunity for the Bitcoin community to defy developer consensus and get what THEY want. Miners and users, not developers, decide which piece of software gets run and adopted, the developers should be absolutely powerless to defy the community's wishes but without alternatives there is simply no other way of changing itself. Constructing this imaginary scenario where developers have to agree and have to work together and have to compromise first is an utter lie. 
What happens if those couple dozen developers got jailed? Lost in a plane crash? How is Bitcoin development going to progress if there is no one else to fall back on, no other segmented Bitcoin developers to pick up the pieces or turn to? Or, hint hint, when a large number of them become co-opted by special interests, or are found to be on the take to sabotage Bitcoin from the inside? If people become dependent on one single group of developers, then Bitcoin as a decentralised piece of software is utterly fucked as it has now created for itself it's single point of failure. If you honestly believe what you are saying then you are actively sabotaging Bitcoin's decentralised nature. We don't need "consensus" of a couple dozen people all gathered round a single code repository, we only need the *consent* of the Bitcoin community.
Stop interfering.
Ed: I'd also like to add something that is also quite telling. Do you remember BIP16/17 and the furore it caused? How the devs were split down the middle? Luke-JR , even though his changes were on the losing side, defied the dev group at the time and compiled and released his own version of the Bitcoin client, angering the devs in the process because "the majority had spoken" he thought his version was the correct one and left it to the community to decide. And you know what? He was fucking right, his version WAS better, *superior* in fact in retrospect, neither version had "consensus" after all yet the changeover still happened. "consensus" is a bullshit word, designed to stop development in it's tracks and damage the development process so it can be easily manipulated with politicking and scheming.
@_date: 2015-08-09 14:12:04
Thanks, wasn't sure if you were just using the hash or the raw transaction itself. I'm wondering if the raw transaction data would give you more to work with when making the sound as it's very short. Cool work regardless.
@_date: 2015-08-20 17:45:10
Yep, me too. It took me years to not be angry about what he did, and it was only when I discussed the whole thing with him here in a calm manner that I realised he wasn't being a dick like I thought. His reasoning was good, but his execution anything but. He also commented in reflection that he should have done things differently too, but I still see there are people that remember things he's done in the past and those things from years ago all still weigh on his reputation. 
Other's too still can't shake their bad images of the past, even though I'm sure some are completely blameless, like Zhotong and the Bitcoinica fiasco where people lost a lot of money from his rinkydink bucket shop, often when Coinjar is mentioned, people pop up to remind everyone about Zho's involvement. Matthew N. Wright and his disastrous "bet" during the Pirateat40 ponzi and how he pissed over the entire Bitcoin community with his "joke". He so thoroughly shamed himself he's completely disappeared.
The community has a long memory and wronging the community can be an exceptionally bad move. There are lots of examples of people doing wrong by the Bitcoin community intentionally or unintentionally and having it come back to eat their face off :).
@_date: 2015-08-11 12:46:52
Indeed. I've also seen responsible use of power in the Bitcoin community too, so it's hardly like it's difficult to do. Too many people grow a sense of entitlement once they have power and feel they can use it as they see fit. Being given power over others is essentially being given a position of trust, and abusing that power for your own selfish ends is a gross violation of that power. People, especially Bitcoin users, take betrayal of trust very seriously.
I remember when the BIP16/17 debate raged and the biggest miner was BTCGuild (username Eleutheria) I think who had a controlling stake in whether the switch was to one BIP or the other. Rather than throw his weight around or control the discussion, he instead refrained from committing and simply said that when the majority of the rest of the miners had made a decision, he would side with them. Removing himself from the discussion was hugely laudable and responsible of him and showed he really held the interests of the community above his own bias. BTCGuild enjoyed a strong reputation and I still think of BTCGuild and Eleutheria fondly, GHash on the other hand did the opposite and simply said "trust us" while ignoring everyone's concerns. They copped a huge amount of shit for that and has since diminished to nothingness.
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:50:47
I think when it comes to bitcoin, there are too many people that think they know how Bitcoin should work and refuse to acknowledge that it will remain working under any other circumstances. 
Mining pools is a very pertinent example as in the early days it was seen as a threat to decentralisation. I remember the way some people panicked, there was lots of handwaving saying that it would inevitably result in a centralised, and by extension compromised network. Even now people still rant about how pools have undermined Bitcoin's security. Truth be told, mining HAS centralised compared to the early days of Bitcoin mining where CPUs were the only ways to mine, but it has also kept small miners in the game, and it also almost completely eradicated bot mining. It also lead to greater P2Pool development (even though it has still largely been ignored in the mining scene) as an option to reduce the dependence on Centralised pools. Centralisation has occurred, yet Bitcoin chugs along and is arguably more secure for the introduction of pools. If there had been a revolt, or a change to the protocol that made it impossible to use pools, IOW, if people panicked and jumped at shadows, they would not have realised that their fears were unfounded. 
I understand the need for caution, but I can also see that the people that want to do nothing have in no way made a rational, researched, or considered case either. Doing nothing IMO is actually worse than making the changes to the max block size. Doing nothing will move Bitcoin from a block space always available state, to block space always unavailable state, and this will drastically change the economis of fees as well as open up new attack vectors to disrupt transacting. That's why I make reference to antivaxxers, they're so terrified that by vaccinating their children (raising the block size) to protect then from real and identified infections (in Bitcoin's case unnecessarily high fees, slow confirmations etc.) that their children will get struck down by autism (the Bitcoin network's security will become centralised and compromised) even though they have no evidence to prove that is the case, only vague warnings of self styled "experts".
There's lot's of other blockchains out there that don't have a 1mb limit, and none of the testing so far has actually demonstrated larger block sizes can't be done, and it's not like the raising of the limit is being rushed either, at minimum, there's a year before any such change would be implemented at the earliest, and the discussion has been raging for 3+ years. People against the raising of the block limit have had years to make a thoroughly researched case against raising the limit, and I certainly wouldn't ignore or handwave a proper evidence-based argument against raising the limit, but all we've really heard is FUD, and theoretical arguments on par with [this.](
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:56:19
Or @_date: 2015-07-11 10:50:03
You'd be far better off leaving them in their physical form as there are numerous people that are willing to pay a premium as they are no longer made and are collectors items. 
Unless you have a *really* good reason to import them (like if you are leaving a war torn country and/or are concerned about imminent forfeiture).
@_date: 2015-07-04 13:05:26
I think is the guy that originally [made the chart]( An update for the last 6 months would be nice.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:39:24


Funny you mention that, I hear that most banks do exactly that. ;) A business is almost guaranteed to fail if all you can do is process 5% of all the orders you receive. No one in their right mind would waste their time if the possibility of having their order placed is 5%. Trying to force people into an auction for your products is even worse and will simply force them to use other services. And from personal experience I have always avoided auctions as they are a huge sinkhole of effort/cost/time for miniscule reward. There's a reason ebay has a "buy it now" button next to every single one of their items. Certainty is far more preferable than a better deal (which is likely to never happen as the competition will almost certainly outbid/snipe you anyway).
@_date: 2015-08-19 11:33:28
Works for the federal reserve.
@_date: 2015-08-20 10:22:43
If you don't give users what they want, they'll stop using it in preference of something else that does.
The developers are yet to understand that.
@_date: 2015-08-29 14:40:43
Because no-one signed up for infinite, fixed block rewards. If you think it is a good idea, make a version that does this, and see how many people would be happy to use such a system.


An alt would have been created where the reward was reduced over time, much like what we have now, and the infinite, fixed reward coin would have faded into obscurity/obsolescence.
@_date: 2015-07-22 10:30:19
Compared to 3-4 years ago it is nowhere *near* as volatile. There's a nifty little site called  you can check out to see Bitcoin's volatility history. Now-a-days Bitcoin is actually surprisingly stable. It still fluctuates a few, to several percent each day, but all in all it's been quite good, especially since it levelled out the last several months, that said, I would not be surprised if it suddenly became volatile again too. Bitcoin has had extremely volatile periods, punctuated by long stable periods, so it's possible we'll be back into volatile territory again in the future.
@_date: 2015-07-03 12:48:52
Indeed, and characterising the myriad opinions of the community as one collective summed up as "is just as narrowminded. Core devs is simply a catchall for people that have been involved in main Bitcoin development for more than a year or two and I'm quite certain their opinions are various. To think that most people are somehow ungrateful or angry at the many devs that contribute to Bitcoin is an outright lie. 
I am immensely grateful for the devs that have contributed to Bitcoin over the years, and just because a great many people disagree with the majority of them on this occasion doesn't in any way mean we hate them or don't value their contributions. And just because the devs take a particular stance, doesn't mean they should be blindly obeyed either. Devs can get it wrong (and often have) too.
All OP's post does is create an us vs them mentality so that people can feel justified in airing grudges, being immature, dismissive (which I have seen certain devs already do too which is troubling), and adding unnecessary drama. Typical school-yard shit, and OP's post is no exception. 
This is not specifically about devs, or this sub, this is about the blocksize, and how it should be changed to make sure Bitcoin remains functional, secure, ensures growth into the future, and allows everyone to participate.
@_date: 2015-08-19 16:55:57
12 developers that Theymos blesses with "expert" status. 5 are Blockstream Co-Founders, 1 subcontracted, and only 3 others that have independently said they are against increasing the block size, while the other 4 who have absolutely no exposure to Blockstream are against the current 1mb Freeze.
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:35:48
Great find! [This one]( is even better IMO as it hints that Bitcoin is the end game of money where machines pay us to buy things from them, where we are no longer manipulated via inflation to endlessly work like slaves and where real productivity is valued over "busy work".
@_date: 2015-07-23 06:30:03
Yep, [pretty much what I've been saying for the last month]( esp. the stonewalling discussion on the blocksize to avoid doing anything to [force a new economic policy for Bitcoin](
@_date: 2015-07-26 15:31:26
This is the hardened, seasoned, distilled and compartmentalised reaction of a man that has seen the best and worst of Bitcoin.
Can 100% relate :).
@_date: 2015-07-30 09:18:32
Absolutely. One only needs to look at other technologies like [VHS vs Betamax]( to see how technically better, yet crippled, will be effortlessly overthrown by slightly less superior, yet uncrippled solutions.






@_date: 2015-08-17 06:14:19
I think my last response slipped through the cracks since it is obvious from your behaviour that you didn't read it so here it is again. [Groupthink is a psychological phenomenon that occurs within a group of people, in which the desire for harmony or conformity in the group results in an irrational or dysfunctional decision-making outcome. Group members try to minimize conflict and reach a consensus decision without critical evaluation of alternative viewpoints, by actively suppressing dissenting viewpoints, and by isolating themselves from outside influences.](
In addition: 
Janis prescribed three antecedent conditions to groupthink.[7]:9
* High group cohesiveness:  deindividuation, group cohesiveness becomes more important than individual freedom of expression
* Structural faults: insulation of the group, lack of impartial leadership, lack of norms requiring methodological procedures, homogeneity of members' social backgrounds and ideology
* Situational context: highly stressful external threats, recent failures, excessive difficulties on the decision-making task, moral dilemmas
@_date: 2015-08-13 17:11:14
@_date: 2015-07-03 13:58:27
One reason I choose A is it will make banks/governments honest (and accountable) as they will all be using Bitcoin too and won't be able to undermine it's value by printing more at a whim.
@_date: 2015-07-03 13:28:36
Kind of a catch 22, isn't it? If it were a stable store of value, I'd never use anything else, but since it is so volatile, I always risk no more than I'd be willing to use. 
It's interesting to see how things have unfolded over the years. It's now 1.5 years since the last surge in price, yet people are still here, the price has stabilised somewhat, and even 1.5 years later, the Bitcoin scene still buzzes with good news on a regular basis. I think it's pretty clear that a great many people don't simply use it as a get rich quick scheme. The hard core speculators have had 1.5 years of bad times so I highly doubt most people that still use it are pure speculators these days.
I personally have never advocated Bitcoin on the grounds of it being an easy way to make money, quite the contrary in fact. I usually preface any positive with lots of warnings when I explain it to people. However I personally LOVE bitcoin and frankly feel quite spoiled by how effortless it is to send money to virtually anyone, anywhere, within minutes. The volatility has been somewhat irksome at times, but It has still served me well for my purposes, and I will continue to use it for years to come.
@_date: 2015-07-16 03:05:33
I think this requires rubber hose level convincing.
@_date: 2015-08-16 20:09:31
Yeah, I don't think anyone wants a last minute solution, or even a last minute compromise anymore. This discussion has literally been going on for 3 years and has already had multiple compromises that have all been frozen out, even ultra conservative solutions have been met with a cold shoulder, and I certainly wouldn't want a compromise where 4 or 5 years later, we are back at exactly the same spot thrashing out exactly the same arguments against exactly the same people.
@_date: 2015-07-23 21:06:45
Impressive, a 0 day account to harass you, PMs you messages to gloat, then denies it when you post screens. Makes you wonder why he even made the account in the first place... obviously trolling is not something he takes seriously.
@_date: 2015-07-22 04:20:25


Damn straight! I was around pre-blocklimit days and the change was always perceived by the community as a temporary measure to avert possible attacks on the network while it was still young. Specifically blockchain bloat, and potential DOS attacks via transaction spamming.
@_date: 2015-07-12 13:55:09
Ah yes, Bitcoin's good 'ol wild west days. When exchanges/busineses popped up like mushrooms, and then within a month had either been hacked, failed through mismanagement, or exit-scammed their users.
I do not miss those days.
At all.
@_date: 2015-07-03 14:01:29
Well done. Good to hear the hard work is paying off!
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:55:10


That's exactly what I've said in the past too, and it only benefits those that can pay the exorbitant fees, thus pushing out low fee paying users and forcing them to use less secure forms of payment, or even worse, driving them away from Bitcoin altogether. LN will not save us from that end either.
People will not waste time and money using a service like Bitcoin if there are cheaper, more secure, faster, and easier options around. They just won't. There is nothing exclusive about Bitcoin's properties either, other users could very well just move to a different blockchain if necessary. 


Absolutely, decentralisation is important, but it is a pointless endeavour if the vast majority of users can't even use it. If there aren't enough users to give Bitcoin value, miners will not find it profitable, and Bitcoin's security will suffer, as well as force an exodus of users from the network as fees go through the roof to compensate. Many aspects of Bitcoin's security is balanced by it's need to be accessible and usable. SPV is a compromise on security to make it easy to access the blockchain, the number of blocks one must wait is a compromise on security, mining pools is a compromise on decentralisation. There are security compromises everywhere in Bitcoin, and the blocksize will be no exception. Putting an artificial bottleneck on the blocksize is simply meddling in the security of the network and I think it is unnecessary overreaching.
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:40:46
It seems that that is the case and it is absolutely deplorable how people act like this. It really bugs the shit out of me when people side with others, not because their ideas are sound, but because of who they are. A ridiculous number of supposedly "intelligent" and "informed" people that participate in the discussion are no smarter than worker ants following pheremone trails, they simply pick their idol then happily cede their right to think to them.
The blocksize discussion is not a popularity contest FFS!
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:05:14
Coinjar.com is a great one to start off with. It's fairly simple to use and set up. I have used this site regularly for around 2 years now and they have always worked. If you are looking to trade, I'm told that  works, but I've never used it myself.
@_date: 2015-08-11 03:56:57
The problem the mods are having is that too many people are upvoting pro block increase posts and theymos doesn't like the fact that people have opposing points of view. One could try or in the meantime while theymos looks up the definition of free speech.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:47:26
And it has to be able to run on a ti calculator, damnit! And all the chips have to be open hardware. And I should be able to fab the chips myself! Allowing Bitcoin to centralise by only running on for-profit based hardware is going to destabilise the hardware decentralisation of the network!
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:24:49
Indeed, miners will very likely take their cue from the users/merchants/exchanges over making the choice themselves. Users are the ones holding the coins on both chains in the event of a hard fork, but miners can only receive coins on one of the chains, so miners will invariably side with the vast bulk of users as they will only want to be on the chain with the strongest network effect. No miner in their right mind will accept/mine coins on a chain when the liquidity to sell those coins is lower than another chain.
@_date: 2015-07-29 18:58:45
You and me both.
@_date: 2015-07-15 16:16:20
Indeed. People continually confuse instant with settled. As Satoshi said long ago "instant non-repudiation is not a feature [of Bitcoin]". A credit card transaction is instant, but settlement can take months. It's a grey area, yes the transaction has been initiated and seen as valid, but it's not reached consensus among the network yet. Making a Bitcoin transaction is not like cash in hand, which unfortunately the name bit"coin" implies. Bitcoin is far more like digital cheques, than cash in many respects. 
It would be really good if wallets were a bit more proactive and organised WRT properly informing users about Bitcoin transactions and the states they are in, and merchants really should wait for at least 1 confirm. I see nothing wrong with still informing the user that the transaction has been "observed", but they really should wait for a transaction to settle before committing. Are people really *that* impatient that they can't wait ~10 mins? Sure it becomes a hassle for walk-in-walk-out transactions, but even then there are possible workarounds if you absolutely *must* pay in Bitcoin in those situations.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:37:15
Yeah, leaving that much on any server for any period of time would make me watch it like a hawk. How can people forget MtGox so easily?
@_date: 2015-07-13 11:24:52
Right now there is little to take action on. Running BitcoinXT is only a show of support more than anything and so I'm sure most people that support larger block sizes are simply waiting for a polished version before they commit to running XT. 
@_date: 2015-07-12 04:38:35
Admittedly it's just a guess. I imagine that there are definitely holders out there, but those with more than a few thousand btc must be exceedingly rare these days. I just can't imagine an average Joe accruing 1000 btc then watching as the price soars, then plummets several times over the course of 5 years. You'd have to have fanatic levels of belief to keep themselves from panicking, especially since the money at risk is bigger each time. I'm sure those types of people are out there, but I reckon they'd be few and far between. I guess it's because I watched every rise and fall as they happened over the years  and from what I saw , I found that the markets are downright panicky, and still are to a large extent. Holding in that kind of environment would be impressive to say the least.
@_date: 2015-08-22 11:30:34
Exactly, opting out is also called "no longer using Bitcoin", it's pretty easy too, you simply sell/spend your coins, and never use Bitcoin again. Devs don't get to dictate to people what they want. People make Bitcoin useful, and people make Bitcoin valuable. No people, no bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-04 12:39:47
It would be nice if [this image]( was updated. It was a great illustrative explanation. Only people that bought and sold in the blue areas actually lost any money.
@_date: 2015-07-11 20:23:13
Considering the 1.5 year bear market, I highly doubt there are many of the early holders left that will see 10,000% gains. 
That said, even if they are still out there, it is not their fault, besides, speculators are Bitcoin's bread and butter, it got bitcoin where it is, and it will get Bitcoin where it needs to be in the future. Hating on those that profit on Bitcoin is pointless. 
It can only grow through speculation and through early holders profiting from it, the flip side is the early holders take on 100% of the risk, they pioneered Bitcoin's early days, took the leap of faith, dared to dream, and faced down the ridicule, stigma and derision. They deserve recognition for their commitment (via profit). I have personally never expressed bitterness over anyone turning a profit with Bitcoin. They were also the guys that were on the hook for astronomical losses too, so it bears keeping that in mind, very rarely do people buy at the absolute bottom, and sell at the absolute top. If you are unhappy with this arrangement, then you are in for a bad time because this has happened since as long as barter was a thing, someone strikes gold, someone realises their near worthless farm has oil, someone buys a shitty painting in a garage sale and discovers it's a Rembrandt. Noone should be surprised that Bitcoin is in that same position.
@_date: 2015-08-09 14:05:28
Could you tell us more about how the sound is encoded? I am curious.
@_date: 2015-07-08 10:32:28
Excellent insight! I wish more people thought like you do :). I very much wonder what would happen if block sizes weren't capped and fees were by default set to 0. Miners may then finally need to start filtering transactions based on their needs and capacity, as well as the capacity of their infrastructure, and users would finally need to make decisions about how much they are willing to pay to ensure their transaction gets into a block.
I think the block reward is also helping to distort and offset the effects of a free fee market too as it still eclipses fees being paid such that miners are actually encouraged to ignore the needs of the network in preference of just doing the absolute minimum and collecting the block reward, rather than actually properly filtering transactions and being discerning of what goes in and what gets ignored. Hopefully the next block reward halving will get us closer to a more genuine fee market, but this is only going to be possible if the block size limit is raised too, otherwise we will be no better off imo. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 09:48:50


Amen. I've seen the price see-saw sooooo many times and every time people are jubilant as the price rises, then exasperated/bitter/snarky/etc. when it falls. Only yesterday I said that the Bitcoin markets are downright panicky and this is no exception. It has literally been going on for years yet people still act surprised and annoyed when it happens for the umpteenth time. I consider Bitcoin's market to be far more honest than regular markets though as genuine supply/demand generally smooths out the psychological/speculative rises/falls over time.
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:28:18
It's incredibly irritating to have the price splashed EVERYWHERE. I don't know about you but I'm here for news, not the price. The price is splashed over nearly every single bitcoin related site out there and forced into our eyesight at nearly every opportunity. I see it on news sites, in articles, on wallets, literally nearly anything I touch that is remotely related to Bitcoin, I see the goddamn price.
is one of the few places I can actually focus on bitcoin related things WITHOUT being bombarded every single page with the latest price, and that is definitely one of the reasons I continue to use this sub for news. 
Besides that, it is hardly difficult for you to run your own app, tab, script, or whatever to have the price in size 50 font all over your screen if you need it (I keep the winkdex open on a different tab and is perfectly usable), and besides that, which price are you going to display? which exchange? The winkdex? BTCChina? GBTC? All of them? All you would be doing is flooding screen real estate with useless numbers that 98% of users won't even be interested in anyway. Providing the price here is simply spam and demonstrates a sub that is shallow, and greed oriented, few people that are here are interested in the price while visiting here unless there was a big shift, and in that case there are squillions of places that already make sure that it is almost impossible to do anything remotely bitcoin related without seeing the price.
Mods, if you read this, please, for the love of everything sacred and decent, PLEASE do not splash the price all over the main page of this sub.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:56:46




Very good point. A lot of developers are no longer open to the idea that they might be wrong or even consider the concerns/needs of the Bitcoin community/economy. It is not a healthy frame of mind at all.
@_date: 2015-07-11 14:26:32
Now you're thinking with portals. ;)
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:23:25
Luke is kind of right. At the end of the day miners that take their cue from devs squabbling will be playing a very dangerous game as their loyalty is to users/traders and businesses/exchanges. That is where their revenue comes from, and where it is spent. Especially exchanges. Siding with devs is lipservice at best as there are far more important connections they need to maintain in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Miners need liquidity, that means they need to be able to reliably sell their coins, so if the majority of exchanges, businesses, nodes and users sided against the devs, they'd have a miniscule market to sell their coins on and that would hurt them.
@_date: 2015-07-18 17:02:40
We're Aussies, sometimes we skip vowels, some consonants, and [often disregard the english language altogether at a whim](
@_date: 2015-07-05 10:54:23
Australia's stock market apparently gets first dibs on how to react too. :) I'm sure Aussie traders are very excited to have the opportunity to bail first.
@_date: 2012-08-15 18:48:34
FYI bitcrate is out of action.
@_date: 2012-06-22 03:40:18
Still haven't received my issue too :\, but I'm from Australia, any chance of some love for the southern hemisphere?
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:47:56
I agree. Nearly every time someone posts here saying something about how the price is about to rise, it doesn't, and nearly always reverses a short time later. Besides that, the posts are just spammy and low content/effort. All these posts do is waste space.
Ed: Not sure why I'm being downvoted for agreeing with ferroh, I guess is being a fickle mistress today with all the price action :)
@_date: 2012-09-06 03:26:33
run bitcoin-qt with the flag -rescan, that may fix your problem.
    bitcoin-qt.exe -rescan
@_date: 2012-12-23 16:49:26
I guess you are asking *why* do they carry value. 
Scarcity. Utility.
Scarcity because it can be proven cryptographically via the code that only 21 million will ever be circulated.
And useful because the system itself forms a completely trustless, timestamping network that can cryptographically verify the transfer of value between two individuals.
That's pretty much it in a nutshell. The trustless part means the network can be completely decentralised and has no single point of failure. This is a huge thing. This makes it valuable and since there are many people that think it is useful, the coins that are generated are considered valuable since, to use this network properly, you need the coins and there are only so many about.
Getting the coins requires the expenditure of resources (time/barter/money/computer cycles), hence you invest a certain amount of time/effort to get them, and once you do you feel that to transfer them to someone else you must receive something of equal value in return. 
This is why they are valuable.
Edit: Ah, I think I misunderstood your question (though TBH it was a bit vague). Your vexation seems to be "what tangible representation do I have to show I received Bitcoin and own them?". 
If I understand your question now, the coins themselves are stored in what is called the blockchain. It is essentially a very large ledger that has recorded every transaction since it the Bitcoin network started. It is public, and most nodes have a complete copy (currently totalling over 2 gigabytes). With the blockchain fully updated, you can independently verify how many coins you "own", and as the chain is updated (every 10 mins) you can verify the receipt of coins to addresses you own. Having a copy of the blockchain, and the private keys which are connected to public addresses stored in the blockchain, you can verify how many coins you "own". Everyone can see everyone else’s total (this is required to verify every block in the blockchain is legit), but aside from that there is very little other people can do to verify who owns what coins, unless the person has revealed their identity to you during a transaction with them.
You own the coins in the sense that coins tied to your private key can only be transferred by yourself, but you need the network to verify and update this transfer. By downloading the entire updated blockchain, you can know how much "value" you have connected to addresses you own. Hopefully that answers your question better.
@_date: 2012-09-07 02:53:12
Try buying a six-pack of beer in the US with Baht. You can't buy a six pack with Baht in the US, therefore Baht is not a currency, checkmate atheists!
@_date: 2012-11-23 01:17:21
Someone dropping &gt;300,000 on a huge buy will obviously move the price, but there has been no frenzied buying since then.
There has obviously been some very good press for Bitcoin adoption recently, wordpress, Bitcoin friday, ECB report's take on Bitcoin (both good and bad IMO), Bitpay et al. reporting more and more people using their services (a huge boon IMO), talk of brick and mortar businesses accepting Bitcoin in Germany, bitcoinstore.com opening and offering 500,000 top of the range items exclusively for Bitcoin (this is frankly as huge as the Wordpress news IMO).
This is a blindingly obvious indication the Bitcoin economy is growing, not shrinking, and large entities are finally taking notice. The fundamentals are definitely strengthening, IMO. I think at the very least the price will not be dropping below the 11.60-11.80 price range we've seen recently. It's rising however is almost certainly speculation, but it is riding the promising and tangible signs of growth in the Bitcoin economy, not some half assed trading platform/investment scheme/etc.
This is both a climb AND speculative. It is just as likely someone will jump on the price and sell to make a quick profit on the huge recent buy. I don't think it is a breakout,  this is just the Bitcoin price stretching it's legs a little :)
@_date: 2012-07-05 13:13:30
Do you use online wallets? 
Yes, but I only use a trifling amount. I am in the process of getting a yubikey to make it absolutely secure before I start transferring more than a couple of dollars to any online service.
How many wallets?
I have a number of offline wallets all containing various non-trivial amounts (up to several hundred dollars worth of coins), stored with multiple levels of encryption on a completely sanitised and dedicated linux machine that never has, and never will, connect directly to the internet, or local network for that matter.
Which clients?
Armory, armory, armory, I can't sing it's praises highly enough :) . Blockchain has been a nice service to play with too as it is Armory's polar opposite and really easy to use. All I need is my phone and an internet connection and I'm good, once I get my yubikey it will also be useful ;).
I've held Bitcoins for 2+ years and I've never lost any coins due to any theft, or any other mishap for that matter, I've had my password stolen by the theives at Mt Gox and other services I've used have been hacked too, but my coins were never stolen simply because if I ever used their services, which was rarely, I moved small amounts and always moved them off the online services quickly, ie. sell straight away, or buy and move offline straight away etc.
I never trusted anyone but myself with my Bitcoins, and I never leave large numbers of coins exposed to the Internet. Allinvain's huge loss really hit it home for me, and with the advent of Armory, my coins have been offline, but easily accessible for over a year.
I also have literally several backups on a number of different mediums in various locations if I ever need them. I don't use "brain wallets", brains are not good at memorising anything longer than 7-8 things at a time. Too much risk for too little gain IMO, but I do use VERY long Bitcoin exclusive passwords(different in each Bitcoin related case), and VERY heavy encryption as well as employing encryption best practices. Unfortunately I have no contingency to pass my coins on in the even I die or become incapacitated. This irks me a great deal because meeting this contingency imposes a certain small amount of risk to my coins' safety, which I am as yet, not brave enough to do :\ .
Bitcoins are great, but most people (and the internet industry in general) never take security seriously enough. It really isn't THAT hard to keep them safe, I personally go overboard because I feel safer doing so, but all one really needs is some dedicated offline storage (that is adhered to), proper password management, as well as multiple forms of authentication. Never lost a coin in 2+ years. Lets hope I can say the same in 2 more years ;)
@_date: 2012-08-30 18:10:08
Explanation of [proof of work]( It is hard to read but it is thorough.
How [difficulty is calculated]( Unfortunately this blog was removed. But the explanation on calculating difficulty is very easy to read for the lay man. I definitely recommend it. Unfortunately after I realised the blog was gone I could only scrounge a few pages from google cache.
@_date: 2012-09-08 16:22:38
On the most basic level, it's theft of resources (or at least temporary unlawful acquisition). But I'd say as long as it harms none, and you are actually verifying transactions unlike the mystery miner that solved blocks without including nary a transaction, you and I? We're cool, besides when aiscs come on board It may be more profitable to spam again. So enjoy the next couple months while you still can ;)
@_date: 2012-09-04 09:56:56
Please spend a few minutes watching these and I think you'll get where I'm coming from, and why you are so off base.
@_date: 2012-09-02 11:22:12
Could you post the link to the Reddit post for us?
@_date: 2012-12-14 14:31:06
Neither is the term Bitcoin. Oh! I know lets redefine the term Bitcoin since the system itself is not really denominated in "coins" as that was just an abstracted term to help familiarise them with the concept of the system since it can actually be used for things other than transfer of value, and the "Bit" part is actually inaccurate since the system itself is based on cryptography, which is underpinned by mathematical principles, lets see, lets call it the networked-crypto-barter-value system, maybe shorten it down to a cool acronym like NCBV or NeCryBarVa System. Has a nice ring to it I think, totally defines the system in those words.
No, no, maybe I'm overthinking this, we don't want to confuse people with lots of words, lets abstract it away to something dead simple like Netcash. Yeah, everyone can understand Netcash, I'll just drop the term Netcash in every conversation and people will just "get it". 
I'm a fucking genius. Now where the hell did my cats go....
@_date: 2012-12-28 02:40:00
I came here for Bitcoin, but I stayed for the drama ;)
Seriously though, yes I think *some* of the major scams are petering off, simply because less informed people finally realise that Bitcoins can be easily scammed/stolen from them unless they use them wisely.
Fear not though, there will be more scams/thefts, hopefully they will be fewer and further apart compared to the last year or two.
@_date: 2012-06-25 17:02:10
Thieves are good at their job, be assured that if a virus program is trawling for wallet files, the second they find it, a transaction will be made and sent in seconds to siphon off the coins (ALL of them, in EVERY address!), then likely a watch will be put on all addresses in that file for any further transactions (as well as sending the file to a remote location). Any further activity on that wallet file will inevitably see any future funds siphoned off also.
If a virus finds your wallet, it is almost certain that by the time the breach is noticed, the funds will have been stolen, or at least the transaction will have been propagated and inevitably be queued to be added to the blockchain eventually. Only VERY quick thinking and some luck could allow you to beat the thieves to it. If a device or machine was physically stolen, your chances are good that if you have a backup and act quickly you could redirect your funds to a new address in a different wallet.
The amount of coins being "sent" is irrelevant since all that is actually needed is the private key, and that is tiny, a small transaction fee will speed things up for the robbers but that is essentially all they need to do to steal millions of dollars in coins. Never store large numbers of coins on a machine connected to the net. Use [Armory]( on an exclusively off-line machine if you have lots of coins and use it's off-line wallet monitoring capability on a machine connected to the net. It gives you the best of both worlds with very little compromise functionality wise. You can watch your balance, still sign transactions easily and NEVER have to worry about hackers or viruses. This program can save a helluva-lot of stress and frustration.
@_date: 2012-06-17 03:44:55
Mt Gox also has a method for creating a pay button, all generated on their website so you can copy and paste the code into your website code. Check it out [here](
@_date: 2012-11-21 06:11:09
All your fears are essentially pinned to the block reward. Once the reward decreases significantly and fees outweigh the block reward virtuallly none of the things you mention will arise since miners will be far more discerning as to which transactions are included and those that aren't.
Dust spamming only works at the moment since the block reward means miners just don't care as much about blockchain bloating. 
Satoshi saw the block size as one of those few sticking points that couldn't be easily regulated so chose a semi-temporary hard limit. It was a temporary stopgap to prevent abuse while the vast majority of coins were distributed, nothing more. When fees begin to outweigh the block reward, transaction volume begins to bump up against the hard limit and miners adopt more prudent measures as to transaction selection, then there is going to be strong grounds for either raising the limits or electing to erase them (though I think prudence will trump unfettered freedom and we'll see the limit raised to something like 10mb or something).
Your fears of less decentralisation and lowering hashrates are unfounded at best. Mining pools are of FAR greater concern regarding decentralisation than raising the block limit ever will be, and p2pool is working on that. And hashrates have always followed price not storage of transactions. If people foolishly start spamming the blockchain with dust be assured the big mining pools will quickly introduce filtering to weed them out. 
Edit: I also realised another massive hole in your reasoning. Only the longest chain is built on.  Now if a massive block is transmitted, it takes time to verify. currently there are significant bottlenecks restricting how quickly a block can be verified, if two blocks arrive at the same time at two different nodes that are equally powerful, one verifies the massive block, while the other verifies the more modest 50kb block. Suddenly the miner (who gets no reward for verifying) gets straight back to work mining to race to find the next block, meaning the newly propagated and verified block has a much greater chance of being part of the longer chain. The other miner spends ages verifying a massive block, gets no reward, and loses time since they are now at a time disadvantage compared to the other miner that verified the tiny block in an instant, AND there's a solid chance they'll be mining on a shorter chain since they have lost mining time compared to the other node.
Now ask yourself, do you really think miners are gonna stand there and "take one for the team" while other miners get not just a head start, but also get extra money at their expense from all the fees the transactions contained in the massive block. And don't even get me started on bandwidth...
@_date: 2012-06-24 08:52:38
I was 3 hours ahead of the curve, but I have no regrets! ;)
@_date: 2012-07-05 17:01:06
Very true, and besides, it takes *money* hint hint, to do real journalism. Many critics of the way Wikileaks does things fail to take into account one of the most powerful nations in the world is breathing down their neck, hounding their leader, persecuting them, and vilifying them for revealing the truth. They're doing a champion job under diamond-crushing pressure. We should show our gratitude.
@_date: 2012-12-18 15:54:21
Interoperability between wallets is still a black art of sorts. It's getting easier but you will have to do extra leg work to make it happen and it is not for the faint of heart. Most clients have the ability to import the private keys that hold your Bitcoin funds. Get those (and keep them secure) and you can usually import them into a new client, and access your funds. This is usually not trivial though. In a year or two clients will probably be adopting a standardised deterministic wallet that can very easily be imported across most clients but it's not there, yet.
@_date: 2012-09-07 02:59:38
That's exactly the type of argument people used against credit cards and debit cards in shops two decades ago. The whole, "it's never not going to be accepted everywhere like xyz so there's no chance of it standing side-by-side with other forms of money".
How wrong we all were.
@_date: 2012-08-31 03:09:51
If miners begin to face difficulties and the health of the network is in trouble, I'd expect that they will command a higher tx fee to handle the multitudes of small transactions, thus helping to stabilise the network in the short term. But yeah, 100k transactions per block and optimisations will definitely be needed.
@_date: 2012-09-08 06:19:30


^ so I guess this statement was BS then? Good work.
@_date: 2012-06-24 17:15:08
I concur, definitely something Bitcoin related would be great too.
@_date: 2012-09-13 04:06:33
If Bitcoin is robust enough I strongly doubt a new contender is going to supercede it, granted there is still a slight possibility it could happen but that window is rapidly shrinking. 
In the internet's early days it also could have been superceded by a protocol other than tcp/ip but it's so well established now no-one would bother. The longer Bitcoin is around and the more confidence it gains, the less likely it will simply be kicked to the curb for a new model.
@_date: 2012-12-16 09:42:14
Yes there is actually. It's called "time". Time is also backed by "reputation". Time and reputation are powerful vehicles for reliable code in the Bitcoin landscape. People we know for a long time now have demonstrated, not only their ability, but also their dedication and genial contributions to Bitcoin. Very few of these people are flash in the pan contributors, many are incredibly transparent and very, very knowledgeable. I'm willing to put out there that they also have a vested interest in seeing Bitcoin rise in popularity simply by virtue of the fact that they have a number of coins in their possession that they would like to accrue in value. Make no mistake, I'm sure some of these contributors want Bitcoin to succeed because they want to raise the value of their own coins. This flies in the face of your assertion that these guys are thieves-in-waiting. 
Imagine if a few developers got in early and had mined, perhaps for fun, 5,000 coins 2.5 years ago, loose change back then. That's now worth nearly 70k USD. Why in hells name would they NEED to steal other people's coins?? Transparency and decentralisation is practically vital for future Bitcoin growth, why would a well known, established developer that had a modest amount of coins 2.5 years ago endanger that? Now that is a largish IF, but the fact is it is very, very possible. Far more likely and rational than your conspiratorial scenario.
You sure are milking the paranoia of this situation for all it's worth I must admit. Now I accept and encourage people to be sceptical, cautious and careful, but to claim there is a conspiracy, a clique of contributors that are conspiring to lead us all over a cliff, simply means you will be the last to the party. If that is how you wish to be a part of this intriguing, brave-new-world experiment, then so be it.
@_date: 2012-08-15 14:50:47
Because the buying situation then is far, far different to what it is now, we have more exchanges, more methods of depositing money, less time waiting for purchases to clear and have coins in your wallet, money handlers like bitinstant and spendbitcoins.com, many more merchants so there is more incentive to hold onto coins because even if the value drops you can still "sell" your coins to merchants for other goods and services (a year ago it was still hard to find merchants accepting bitcoin let alone finding things you *actually* wanted to buy with bitcoin). Many sites that handle Bitcoins are FAR more security conscious these days, though some *cough*Bitcoinica*cough* never learn. As things stand right now, a bubble is unlikely, however a sudden surge of interest and new positive press could see new people cause demand to suddenly spike, but because the market is far more responsive and flexible I think the June '11 spike is less likely, not impossible, just much less likely. Additionally as the price rises, it becomes harder to move the market. This is very important. Big buyers and big spenders can still shift the market 10 cents, 50 cents, or even more. In a total economy value of 100 million, someone could still plausibly drop 1 million dollars and push the price up drastically, thus cleaning out order books and leaving a vaccum of demand ripe for a sudden collapse in price as everyone adjusts (or even worse, an artificial rally). In a 1 billion dollar Bitcoin econonmy it becomes far, far more difficult for that 1 million to move the price significatly because there are many other players around to counter that demand.
In short, a higher, stable market value means large buys and sells by wealthy players will be less able to affect the overall bitcoin value because there are more participants to counter such actions. This ultimately means a more stable market overall, and a very healthy one because people can enter and leave the market at a more stable price and hold onto Bitcoin for longer with confidence that the price won't plummet tomorrow, or the next hour for that matter. I'm more enthusiastic about the price rising for this reason rather than because what coins I have will go up in value (though that is nice too ;) ).
Edit: I accidently a word.
@_date: 2012-07-03 20:12:48
Ironically "the Manipulator pushing the price down", can very easily be interpreted as the speculator selling high when they see the opportunity to, just like **EVERYBODY ELSE**. It works both ways. All it says to me is you were disappointed you weren't able to make a quick buck and now you want to find someone responsible for your lack of foresight in moving your Bitcoin on sooner.
Speculation is good, it tests the waters of what Bitcoins are really worth, any chump that risks more than they are willing to lose are asking for it. The "problem" as people see it is that it's volatile, with such a small market it should be no surprise, but, time and again, people express "shock" when the price shifts a dollar USD over 1-2 days. The only way this will ease is if users actually promote Bitcoin to the greater populace, and that greater populace actually adopts Bitcoins for it's advantages too, only then will prices begin to stabilize in earnest. Until then, get used to the unexpected.
tldr; The free market is the manipulator and she is a cruel mistress...
@_date: 2012-12-15 18:22:53
As long as you didn't send the QR code digitally ie. email, I think you're fairly safe. You'd want to make sure they send the coins to one of their own addresses though, unless they trust you not to sweep the funds back into one of your own addresses down the track.
@_date: 2012-09-13 04:10:08
Indeed, I've got no urgent financial matters that can't wait 4 more years ;)
@_date: 2012-09-22 19:10:05
_sigh_ I am tempted to just permalink, but it will probably be ignored, in any case [here](
For those who are interested, here you go:
It is part of the bootstrap process for the Bitcoin network. Coins need to go to someone in the beginning so instead of arbitrarily giving them away, each block assigns initially 50 coins for each transaction block created and accepted by the network. Essentially it means that every block, when created, has a space for the miner that created it to assign coins to themselves. So this space can be filled with 50 coins and the miner's chosen address. This happens every block.
Now since the number of coins created is not meant to happen perpetually into infinity, the introduction of new coins must be slowed, so that other mechanisms such as fees can take up the slack. This was arbitrarily decided by Satoshi as happening once every 4-ish years and the reward would halve at that time. Currently this is fixed at 50 coins and can't be changed due to the network rules, more or less coins assigned will result in the block being rejected. Now the other rule in place is that after a certain number of blocks the reward will be halved from 50 to 25 after the first 4 years of operation, and every 4 years thereafter. To do this the number representing 50 is bitshifted, precisely halving the value (I know this because I've read threads discussing this very thing). I will now quote John Kirk who has already taken the time to explain this:






















Bitshift exists as one of the more fundamental operations out there in computers so it can be implemented universally and is fundamental to the way computers represent bits.
So in answer to your question, the reward halve is linked to the artificial scarcity of bitcoins and it is happening soon. It means Bitcoin is taking it's first baby steps toward a more self sustaining economy and will usher in a greater dependence on fees to process transactions, as well as greater scarcity of new coins entering the network. It is a very new and exciting phase of the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2012-12-15 12:43:05
I'm all for tipping, but shouldn't we be adding something constructive for the tip? I feel like I'd be stealing from you by just commenting. Although it's a pretty genius way to get more people to use the Bitcointipping bot service if that was your original intention. ;)
@_date: 2012-09-13 09:43:37
dammit :| thanks. Corrected.
@_date: 2012-12-19 12:50:52
I would personally steer clear of bitaddress.org for the simple fact that a non-technical user could botch a transaction by not explicitly sending the change back to themselves. A deterministic wallet like what Armory uses is probably best (since it conveniently saves all the wallet's seed info on a pdf for easy printing and storage), but does require at least a bit of legwork and technical knowhow about Bitcoin. Fortunately Armory has lots of documentation and tooltips scattered everywhere through the program so it's hard to get lost really. I personally reckon Armory is the way to go, but I'm biased since I use Armory exclusively :).
@_date: 2012-09-20 18:26:10
Demand and supply are inherently linked, if one changes so does the other. So when I say greater demand I'm simply focusing on the change in demand as a result of a change in Bitcoin availability. People are emotional when they trade, and if enough people buy out of greed and or fear, thinking demand will rise, they will actually artificially inflate demand simply by their own behaviours. 
The fact is no-one really knows how this is going to play out. I for one will be watching the reward halving with popcorn at the ready ;).
@_date: 2012-12-31 08:32:14
Solve this [20 trillion dollar hoarding problem]( using the existing financial system, then I'll happily deconstruct the rest of your baseless claim that Bitcoin's economic mechanisms will lead to a deflationary system that will unravel the economy to it's root.
[Handwavey that.](
@_date: 2012-07-03 20:48:02
Market small == volatile == manipulative == stop being surprised.
Bitcoin value is transient, thats why you get it, and spend it. No problem.
The problem is all these get-rich-quick types that go all in and then moan like howler monkeys when the market suddenly swings against them.
Edit: sorry, I shouldn't be so harsh, your points are indeed valid. I have certainly seen walls appear for a few hours and disappear later. And this can certainly be construed as social manipulation, which is why users of Bitcoin should not invest, instead use. 
Buy as you need at an exchanger or  money changer and spend that same day, or even within the hour. Even price manipulators have trouble nowadays shifting the price more than a several cents in a day, so there really is no fear of regular users buying and spending within a few hours. 
Just don't buy and hold with the nope of making it big.
@_date: 2012-07-03 10:12:27
*re-reads* Yes, yes you did. Sorry, as you were :) .
@_date: 2012-12-17 07:07:36
::sigh:: this is, yet again, most likely another case of people not using web wallets securely, or safely. Might as well add this one to the [list sgornick](
@_date: 2012-12-31 09:11:13
So, in other words, ignore the shortcomings of the existing financial system. Accept the 20 trillion dollar hoarding as inevitable, and get back to why hoarding Bitcoins is bad. Then use Bitcoin to somehow solve tax evasion too 'cos that's also a big problem.
Nice one.
Your words, they sound like you're alternatively in the abstract sense, finding meanings inevitable, yet inconsequential rivalries could only be surmounted with incentivised truths.
^^^ Don't worry this totally made sense to me when I read it, I also put it through a spell checker.
@_date: 2012-07-13 17:35:52
My only logical comment I can make on this entire situation is this: **Never risk that which you are not prepared to lose.**
From an emotional perspective, my heart goes out to the people that took the majority of their savings/huge amounts and stored/used it at Bitcoinica. I sincerely hope the the people at Bitcoinica make good and reimburse the entirety of the funds associated with each account with them. The security of users' funds was entirely their responsibility.
Everyone is trashing Bitcoinica so there is no need for me to start waving a pitchfork, I just feel incredibly sad for those that lost tens of thousands, maybe even more of their hard earned dollars. A company being torn apart by vultures I can tolerate, but having Bitcoin users' confidence not only in Bitcoin but those associated with Bitcoin totally shattered and damaged beyond repair is immensely saddening.
Unfortunately these really are the examples we need so we can take away from this the most pertinent of lessons when it comes to using Bitcoins. **In the Bitcoin world, security is God.**
@_date: 2012-08-30 15:51:53
True, but reddit is also about upvotes and more importantly, DOWNVOTES. Use them wisely fellas.
@_date: 2012-12-31 03:33:10
The current financial system also favors hoarders. The super rich. Or have you suddenly discovered a way to use the existing financial system to pry that [20 trillion]( from their cold dead fingers?
I believe you fail to understand that Bitcoin and traditional finance does not swim in the same sea. Traditional finance is underpinned by debt money (or for the more optimistic credit). It means new value is created out of thin air at a whim, and given to certain agencies. These agencies are almost always banks and or governments. In other words the richest get a fresh injection of cash to improve the economy, an all or nothing approach, god help us if they make the wrong decision with how that money is "spent". Bitcoin doesn't base itself on debt in order to fuel growth, it consolidates growth in the form of an increase of value in the currency that is already in existence. 
In other words inflation, and deflation, from a certain point of view, are exactly the same thing, they just manifest in different ways. Inflation is sourced from the few, the big banks/goverments of the world, and the government gets to decide when and how, whats more this is used to spur growth. A manifestly stupid way to create a stable economy IMO. In Bitcoin, new money comes from the individuals that already hold the currency, and those that are already productively contributing to the Bitcoin economy at a fundamental level, the miners (at least in the initial stages). This conversely is the result of growth, a far more stable and reliable infusion of value into the economy.
**Your hangup is that you don't think individuals are wise enough to use that new injection of value wisely "for the good of the economy" and all that BS.** &lt;-- Highlighted because I've read nearly all your arguments in this thread and found this to be the same tired old reason you've used to justify your position every single time, if you have any hope of understanding why Bitcoin could work, you need to get over this and realise that powerful central agencies are not all-wise and all-knowing. History has shown that central bankers have been an abject disaster when it comes to their approach to stabilising an economy. 
Bitcoin also wrests control of creation of value from any central agency, neither you, nor the fed, nor any world government can choose when or how new value is created. New value will get created organically based on other more stable mechanisms, such as trade, production/availability of goods/services, social prosperity, improvements in quality of life, improvements in education to spur invention of new approaches, aggregation of new knowlege, etc.
Just my two bitcents.
@_date: 2012-09-08 06:05:29
Ah the good 'ol "You can't prove god exists so I'm going to keep believing he exists even though I have nothing to prove it either".
Don't patronise me. I've said there is no evidence he has anywhere near as many coins as he claims. Yet you still base your claims on the fact that pirate has heaps of coins without substantiating it. 
So I say, again:
** there is at this moment in time absolutely no indication he made off with 500k of bitcoins.**
Prove this statement false and we can start moving forward in this conversation, otherwise, please stop responding.
@_date: 2012-07-07 12:09:23
This a good question, but unfortunately not easily answered since we don't know from which country you hail. The best services seem to be those that take cash deposit over the counter at a cash handling location or bank, and then getting your Bitcoins. I have found bank-&gt;cash-&gt;bitcoins the easiest but services for these vary from country to country, bitinstant for america, russia, brazil. Spendbitcoins for Australia. Europe I have no idea. All depends on which country you are from. Try to go bank-&gt;cash-&gt;bitcoin if you can. Lowest risk, fees reasonable, fast response. 
@_date: 2012-08-31 03:03:56
Unfortunately its a bit hard to quantify properly. From a computing power standpoint, most definitely. As far as nodes are concerned it becomes a little ambiguous. It all depends on how you are measuring. I'm comparing it to SETI, Folding those kinds of networks. More importantly even those networks aren't completely autonomous, they still need a centralised point to get their data from. Same with Bittorrent, it needs someone to host a file to bootstrap the process, and is essentially a mini p2p net for the particular files being hosted. Tor currently has 3k relays and alot of bandwidth behind it but it doesn't crunch massive amounts of numbers, Bitcoin has at *least* 1000+ nodes throwing massive computing resources behind it, likely a couple dozen of these are mining pools and behind each of these a couple thousand to several thousand machines are crunching numbers.
It's big.
@_date: 2012-09-22 19:11:14
@_date: 2012-07-03 10:45:15
Aright, so I've re-read your post. You say "in absence of a reward", now  lets stop right there. This statement of yours completely misses the fact that there will always be a reward. As the block reward halves every 4-ish years, there are two other forces at work. Transaction fees are one, miners WILL become more discerning of which transactions are included, and if the price of Bitcoin doesn't change miners will recoup the absence of Bitcoins after the halving by preferring the higher fee paying transactions. So this leaves it to users to cover the cost of the block reward halving, and miners will still get paid. Aditionally, block halving means less Bitcoins are entering the network and will become more scarce, thus driving the price up, even if demand remains the same, hence even when the block rewards halve the value of the Bitcoins will rise proportionately to meet demand, thus miners get paid. 
Either way miners get paid, hash rate will remain the same and the Bitcoin network remains secure. I think it's less that I don't understand the TOTCD, and more the case you don't understand the underlying mechanisms of the way the Bitcoin network is designed to operate.
@_date: 2012-12-10 16:46:08
Depends on the client, some will by default add a small fee. But at the end of the day the Bitcoin network's miners are the last arbiters. ATM most miners will include the transaction. This may change in the future though depending on Bitcoin's usage and value of Bitcoin themselves.
@_date: 2012-06-14 04:10:24
I've been around since the first slashdot article hit, and pretty much have been watching ever since. The fact is when the bubble burst, services and tools for Bitcoin were almost nonexistent. Mining pools were a big problem at that stage, p2pool didn't exist yet, there was only the standard satoshi client and daemon, big mining pools controlled the vast majority of hashing power, MtGox was the only exchange, site security was (and for some still is) laughable, and frankly, hardly anyone was using Bitcoins for their intended purpose.  
Fast forward to now and everything is vastly different, we have literally several clients to choose from varying from, Bitcoin payment services (bitinstant) lite clients(Electrum), online wallets(Blockchain.info), offline wallets (Armory), wallet apps on phones, alternative satoshi clients, the possibility of multisig transactions, much more diversified and resilient mining pools, p2pool, many more exchanges, more ways to exchange money for Bitcoins, the list goes on. At the time of the Bubble, for me to exchange Bitcoins to AUD was a monumental PITA, my friend challenged me to move a few Bitcoins to AUD. I had to sell on MtGox, for liberty dollars, then take liberty dollars and find an independant moneychanger to transfer AUD to my bank. 20-30% of that money went in fees as I moved the money through each service and it took 4-5 days of hard work to make it happen. Buying Bitcoins was just as hard, if not harder. Bitcoin was simply not liquid at that point, it would literally take days to exchange funds and people can feel commited, esp as they see prices continually rise, people panic, even polarize their view on how the market will move.
Now I can make and order with a Bitcoin supplier and have Bitcoins confirmed in my wallet in 4-5 hours (for a significant fee mind you, but even still it's worth it) all for cash. And there are now a number of major outlets where I can use Bitcoins to make purchases like spendbitcoins.com . 
tldr; there was soooooo much hype you *HAD* to cut it with a chainsaw.
@_date: 2012-08-15 18:43:42
Holy shit, reading the comments I felt like I was in 2010 again. I laughed, *so* **HARD** :D . Keep up the good work fellas.
@_date: 2012-06-27 04:44:56
My first "transaction" if you can call it that, was when I solved my first block. It was all downhill after that ;) It was a great feeling, I felt like I had tangibly changed the world for the better by helping secure a tiny portion of Bitcoin, even back then in Bitcoin's infancy and uncertainty, I relished the potential freedom that Bitcoin could bring to people. I didn't fully understand blockchain security back then though so wasn't fully aware that after 5-ish blocks transactions were safe as houses (I thought hundreds of blocks were necessary to keep a transaction secure). I also didn't realise that coins could be sent to the abyss if the address was wrong :\ . I was playing with samurai swords back then. Hell, we *still* are :P.
@_date: 2012-09-01 18:54:51


Firstly, I am not your babysitter, but since your childish statements have amused me, that data is based in part from [this]( The graph directly below the relevant numbers pointed to those charts.


Regarding integer instructions, please read the source code and show me that this is the case before you assume anything. Please show me evidence that would reinforce the assumptions you are using to back up your claims.
If all of this can be proven, I ardently look forward to your thorough proposal that demonstrates the "proper" way, since you obviously find great offence in how it is currently being done.
@_date: 2012-09-11 15:11:50
I follow you, sometimes it's very hard to know where people are coming from when they post. I try to keep to the facts too, but often it's exhausting typing huge posts going into every tiny detail and exception. I said near infinite to indicate there is no hard mathematical limit to divisibility of Bitcoins. 
Indeed grandiose views should be kept in check, mine included. Far too many people consider Bitcoin to be some kind of infallible near mythical fix-all.


On the protocol side of things, any protocol changes can only be implemented with more than 51% of blocks produced over 24h accepting and using the new protocol changes, so it must be vital enough to justify everyone switching, and even then it will be a hard sell. 51% is still really bad though since a hard fork would likely occur. I think Gavin in the past aimed for more like 85% of blocks being used with the new protocol changes before the program would trigger the switchover. I think the BIP16/17 fiasco is a pretty good example of what happens when people try to change the protocol. That was messy, but everything got out into the open and highlighted many flaws in not just process, but brought to light how fragile Bitcoin had become as a result of mining pools. Gavin for the most part did a solid job of explaining and implementing P2SH even under active pressure from dissenters within his own group of active developers. They've learnt a lot from that so hopefully other important protocol improvements will go smoother. I doubt divisibility is anywhere near on that list though. Scalability will be far more of an issue than divisibility ever will, I believe.
Even if the Bitcoin economy is worth 20 trillion (that would mean 1BTC = ~$952,000) in the future, the divisibility then will at least be on par with physical currency of all USD and still be more easily divisible than gold.  I doubt we'll live long enough to see Bitcoin reach that value, but my god, if it did.... :)
@_date: 2012-11-10 09:30:04
Just checked the forum again, there was ONE user with ONE post stating knightMB's real name is Michael Brown, but really, is this it? Is this your smoking gun linking the two identities together?
@_date: 2012-06-13 03:27:55
I don't think it was something Bitcoin did wrong but bitcoin would probably be in a much better position if these things had been done. GPU mining and pooled mining sideswiped many people early on (public versions of GPU based miners only emerged 3-4 months after some privately developed versions appeared), initially alot of people were at an unfair level when it came to mining, and pools complicated things by making centralised points of failure that could (and did) get attacked and exploited. 
Also the early startups were hopelessly insecure, or were outright scams. It's sickening to see how much damage scammers did to the Bitcoin name, as well as the hopeless security measures some of the more popular sites used (and still do, Bitcoinica being a fine example of dumbassery). 
To sum up, GPU mining should have been integrated and shared much faster to level the playing field, p2pool likewise should have been brought to the masses sooner to reduce the fragility pools introduced. And ffs, all the Bitcoin startups should have made site security their TOP priority. Bitcoin would have been a much rosier place if these things had been better handled.
@_date: 2012-06-14 03:42:23
I think Bitcoinica definitely calmed trader's nerves, and I reckon it had a lasting effect on traders even after Bitcoinica stopped, outside of that? Maybe everyone's idea of Bitcoin is maturing a bit.
@_date: 2012-09-04 04:57:30
Your sense of entitlement is astonishing. 
I will admit some people need motivation, but frankly altruism, in and of itself, does not drive innovation. 
Bitcoin will unlikely result in world peace. People have vices, fetishes and obsessions, to see it manifest in Bitcoin land is completely understandable.
Through all the failure and broken dreams, so much has been built around Bitcoin apps and infrastructure. But here you are whining that everyone should be holding hands and chanting some free love slogan? 
[KayRice]( said it best I think.


@_date: 2012-09-13 10:16:46
This is true, difficulty has always followed price. Since no miner will bother operating at a loss (these guys aren't idealists, they're businessmen), miners always wait for the profit margin to increase before they dedicate mining capacity to the network. Likewise, when the price drops, miners switch off. BFL will see many miners migrating to more efficient hashing machines, not simply switching off and walking away. The writing has been on the wall for at least the last year, so I'm certain many are in the process of, or at least preparing for, the switch.
@_date: 2012-10-01 18:50:42
I'm posting this to the top because this guy needs to hear it.
Dude. You have three options:
* Security.
* Speed.
* Simplicity.
You only get the choice of *TWO* with Bitcoin ATM, get used to it.
If you want all three then I urge you to make it happen, Oh, BTW, most banking institutions are *still* struggling with at least two...
@_date: 2012-09-20 10:33:13
Considering this scenario has never occurred yet, it is misleading to blindly assume anything is priced in. 
I doubt the price will double in a few days, but the fact remains that the supply of coins entering the network will abruptly halve, now considering everyone will have a very good idea of when this will occur, some may be buying up now to dump when there is greater demand after the halving. Scarcity is definitely going to force the price up, but it probably won't be immediate, and will probably happen months after the halving. 
Even given this, I am fairly confident every man and his dog will be buying and selling like crazy to try and maximise on the uncertainty before, during, and after the halving, so I'm reckoning 2 weeks either side of the halving will be very volatile.
@_date: 2012-09-16 04:10:42


I believe it would cost far more than that, and would take far more effort. What's more supply and capacity of AISC production would be crippled and lead times on production would be blown out. People notice things like that too. Now I'm not saying it's impossible, just implausible.






Are you referring to trying to cause a hard fork? Because a hard fork is very different to rewriting blocks.
Rewriting the blockchain is incredibly hard, since you are not just competing against the most recent block you are trying to squeeze the work of several blocks into the same amount of time to produce one. Imagine you want to rewrite 3 blocks, just three. you have &gt;50% hashing power of the existing network, giving you a 50/50 or one in two (1/2) chance of finding a new block at current difficulty in 10 mins. So, (block 200,003 @ 50% chance) * (block 200,002 @ 50% chance) * (block 200,001 @ 50% chance),
1 * 1 * 1 = 1
2 * 2 * 2 = 8
Making it a 1/8 chance of solving all three blocks using 50% hashing capacity at the networks current difficulty within 10 mins. As you can see it gets crazy hard, even with *only* three blocks. If you want to rewrite the blockchain to undermine it, even with all the world's AISCs and whatever else, you're gonna have a bad time. *AND* you have to keep pace with the new blocks being created. Bad news all round.
Hard forks are a different story which seems to be more along the lines you are thinking with your example. Forcing an alternate blockchain is a completely different beast, and it still requires huge amounts of hashing power but compared to rewriting the blockchain it is at least plausible, what you were proposing is not.
@_date: 2012-09-14 16:32:56
:) That's what they said about the internet. Most revolutionary technologies take about 10 years to reach mainstream acceptance (the Internet among them), Bitcoin is only 3 years in, give it time, it will get there.  I agree there is a lot of work to do, but the core devs are focusing on stability, security and scalability before they tackle usability, others outside the main dev group have helped pick up the slack in those other areas so I'm not too concerned. Overall Bitcoin is definitely growing, rather than shrinking development-wise.
@_date: 2012-06-27 07:59:58
First rule of owning Bitcoins is never tell anyone you have Bitcoins.
Second rule of owning Bitcoins is **NEVER TELL ANYONE YOU HAVE BITCOINS!**
I think many people learnt from allinvain's very, very harsh lesson.
@_date: 2012-09-13 03:12:03
The adage "risk only what you are willing to lose" comes to mind again. A few years ago Bitcoin was a very long shot as any kind of investment or savings method. Frankly I'd never trust the majority of my savings with Bitcoin, it's value in the long term is just too unpredictable. But times are changing.
Fact of the matter is the new money entering the system in the last 4 years (Bitcoin money created I mean, not fiat entering Bitcoin land) is the largest most inflationary phase of the lifetime of Bitcoin, so when December comes round, Bitcoins are suddenly going to become 50% less available. Miners are going to feel this before everyone else, but rest assured, over the months after the halving, Bitcoins WILL become more scarce. That is not to say value will skyrocket proportionately but with this in mind and the fact that the Bitcoin protocol has been rock solid security wise, it bodes well that value will at the very least be buoyed by the increased scarcity, but volatility will likely be around for a long time yet.
The good news is that as Bitcoins rise in value, volatility will naturally decrease, since it will take far more coins than anyone can acquire to move the market. All things remaining as they are, value will go up rather than down IMO.
If you were someone ploughing a major portion of their savings (say $10,000 USD) into Bitcoins, I'd consider you grossly irresponsible, and a greedy twit (since it's obvious you want a quick boost to your money's value rather than value security). And I'd also expect you'd have many sleepless nights as your "savings" rides the Bitcoin volatility bandwagon. Using Bitcoin to store savings is actually worse than those that use Bitcoin because they think they can get rich quick.
Like I said, risk only what you are willing to lose. All that said though, I don't see the value of Bitcoin dropping, it's highly likely (barring any major negative events, such as protocol instability, security breach, major governments outright banning it, etc.) the value will go up over the next 3+ years, but it's going to be a very bumpy ride.
Edit: wrong phrasing.
@_date: 2012-09-10 09:26:57
Yessss, alright here we go:
Your assertions:
You believe lower mining costs will result in *more* coins, thus more profit, thus more coins flooding the system to water down the value of the existing coins. Is that right?
You also assert that Bitcoin value is backed by electricity. 
My Observations:
(1):Lets look empirically at CPU mining vs GPU mining since the scenario is exactly the same as what is likely to happen when AISCs come online (if they ever do). Short answer, as the value went up, Bitcoin's hashrate and difficulty went up. In that order. 
Now historically over the lifetime of the Bitcoin protocol, **hashrate has always followed price**. This is important to differentiate since it means that price is much more heavily weighted on factors other than the hashrate and difficulty of the network. And hashrate and difficulty is directly tired to electricity no less.
**tldr; electricity use  != value.**
(2): As GPU mining came into full force this actually drove people to buy dedicated rigs, meaning they had to invest up front rather than just hobby mine to get coins, people didn't simply switch off and walk away. They WANT bitcoins, and for some, tens of thousands of dollars up front investment for GPUs was quite acceptable to them. This is almost certainly going to be the case with AISCs too. The long term value is also much more secure compared to 1-2 years ago when Bitcoin was far less useful, price was far more volatile etc. When people are looking to buy more power efficient, specialised equipment, more vendors will pop up. The up front costs also means they must continue mining in order to recoup their costs at the very least, more dedicated miners means more secure network, more secure network means more confidence in value. What's more, people are greedy, and as long as Bitcoin is valuable they will find a way. The market for mining is wide open for this to occur.
**tldr; more specialised, expensive equipment = more dedicated mining = more stable network long term = greater confidence in utility of Bitcoins.**
(3): **Scarcity**. Bitcoins are valuable because they are scarce, and because they are useful. Only in the very early days was the hashrate/difficulty a concern, and we are LONG past the point where the network's operation can be effectively threatened. Electricity and difficulty/hashrate does play a major part in the protocol's usefulness but specifically it satisfies "proof of work" which is a forge-proof method to validate blocks that are created before they are accepted by the network. Having more power-efficient machines does no undercut proof of work simply because AISCs will have to overtake a large portion of the network before they drive GPU miners away, and the fact of the matter is miners are already aware of this situation and are no doubt preparing to either, get their own AISCS or leave. AISC miners will not be able to flood the network with extra coins because proof of work works to closely regulate minting of new coins (unless a huge number of units are switched on all at once, in that case they'll get a quick 2000 blocks max and then difficulty will reassert itself with a huge increase, so even in the worst case it would be limited and short-term).
**tldr; electricity directly props up "proof of work", not value, and functions as part of Bitcoin's utility. *Utility and scarcity* prop up value. More power efficient miners does not mean inflation of value from more coins being created.**
(4): Also don't forget that if gpu miners leave (esp en-masse), the difficulty will skyrocket, and surprise surprise, AISC miners will be earning as many coins as they were before the GPUs left because the majority of miners left will be AISC miners. AISC mining's advantages only exist if you have the edge over everyone else. Power efficiency only works if you are more power efficient than most of the rest of the miners out there. Another counter balance is that miners have a vested interest in keeping the network running smoothly and ensuring their Bitcoins retain value, why would they endanger their payday? Switching on massive numbers of miners is not necessarily a good idea, and these guys would have fronted up tens of thousands for their machines. Likely AISC switching on will be gradual and sustained, not a massive influx. AISC miners are there to make money, not destabilise the network.
**tldr; The dynamics of mining, and diffuculty is nuanced enough for these types of situations, and miners have a vested interest in protecting it.**
So as I see it:
Bitcoin's value is determined by utility, and scarcity. Electricity is only used to regulate difficulty as unforgeable "proof of work" in order to regulate the number of coins that enter the network every 10 minutes. Bitcoin's value is in no way *directly connected* to electricity and electricity alone. AISC miners will be more profitable short term, but scarcity means no more coins than normal will enter the network. Any turbulence from AISCs will be very short term and VERY unlikely to directly affect the value in a negative way.
Now the block reward halving is what is going to make all this really interesting, esp if both these things happen close together, those will be interesting times indeed! ;P
Damn that was a lot of typing! :/
@_date: 2012-10-01 18:43:14
Oh FFS, 
I have held funds for 2 1/2 years straight, and made transfers no problem. Never got hacked. You know how I did it?
Cold storage. Yep, you can actually have your funds offline and still make transactions. How? Armoury ppl, Armoury.
Until another client offers this, I will continually recommend Armoury as the absolute best option for the most secure transactions.
It is absolutely simple and straightforward, all you really need is a dedicated offline machine, and in this day and age that is not really THAT hard!
The fear you feel is justified, however what you are really seeing is just how insecure transactions really are in the real world. Cryptography is damn near flawless, it is PEOPLE'S nonchalant, pigheaded, uptight, nonsensical, complete lack of prudence that is the weak link in the system. 
Bitcoin is beginning to make that apparent now. Not the other way around.
@_date: 2012-12-13 15:26:27
I've heard this spiel from others a while back on and though your intentions are sincere, what you are doing is rather pointless. Herding cats would be easier, and besides, you are injecting your own bias in any case. These terms such as "mining", "wallet", "public/private key" were never foisted on anyone, they've freely changed and evolved as Bitcoin has evolved. Did you know that once "mining" was actually originally called "generating" by the creator of the original Bitcoin client software?
Frankly I feel some of your suggestions are dangerously vague in any case. Signing pen? Signature box? Are you serious? A term that is rooted in cryptographic lexicon such as public/private key/address is about as concise as it gets. Dumbing down terms instead of educating up users is not the solution.
@_date: 2012-06-30 11:43:33
I think your best bet would be to eliminate any possible situations that may result in the download going slowly. Download the blockchain onto a desktop pc, on a high speed cabled connection. Ensure the place you are writing it to is fast storage, (like a normal platter hard drive, or SSD). Also some people have reported experiencing very slow verification of blocks on encrypted filesystems. Keep in mind that as the blockchain is downloaded, every block is verified thoroughly, that means it takes a reasonable amount of processing time to do so. Your phone may simply not be up to the task of verifying blocks quick enough.
@_date: 2012-11-28 15:28:38
Received block 210,000 safe and sound. The system worked, welcome to 4 years of 25btc blocks!
@_date: 2012-09-15 03:43:28
Almost nothing will happen to the value of the Bitcoin economy in terms of value, in a real sense this is actually good because it means that Bitcoins have become a tiny bit more scarce, so every other coin will accrue in value a tiny bit due to the non-use of the other "lost" coins, but noone will ever be able to verify this.  Practical limits on liquidity are nil at this stage (and very likely nil during our lifetime) because of Bitcoins potential divisibility. 
tldr; Close to nothing, and what little effect it does have is good for everyone else.
@_date: 2012-12-25 08:53:05
still on?
@_date: 2012-11-06 02:49:19
No *duh*. Its the classic shooting of the messenger. And when it happens, suddenly governments put themselves in a position of having to explain themselves.
@_date: 2012-08-20 14:03:09
I Read the paper. Truth be told the idea is interesting but frankly I'd have absolutely no faith in this as a digital currency. The blockchain uses proof-of-work as a forgeless element of the protocol, it is absolutely vital to demonstrate a broadcasting node is legit, it is never a waste of power, it is actually an irrefutable demonstration of infrastructure and this infrastructure is vital in order for the network to survive, it is also an irrefutable indicator of the capability of the network, it also serves to moderate the transmission of blocks in a predictable manner without needing a regular consensus, that is what makes bitcoin incredibly robust.  It means miners can work silently, listening constantly for two uninterrupted weeks to the protocol which means less bandwidth. A daily, centralised authority that every node must "touch base" with in order to function is batshit insane. It pretty much says, you are not allowed to spend your money unless we say you can. Disregarding proof-of-work turns the entire protocol into a complicated, centralised mess. Central broadcasts? Dynamic difficulty every single block? Owning coins, this so-called proof of stake does not make you a trustable node IMO. 
tldr; this is a solution in search of a problem.
@_date: 2012-07-03 03:54:07
Miners SHOULD be entitled to pick and choose. They are the backbone and need to be paid for storing the blockchain, as well as throwing massive time and effort into creating processing power for validating new blocks Without them Bitcoin is nothing, so respect shown in the form of fees, the higher the better, is entirely acceptable. Bitcoin has no free lunch.
@_date: 2012-11-27 04:33:23
Ahhh the chilling effect this sudoghost is having on fundraising for wikipedia. Such bitter-sweet irony.  
The [cognitive dissonance]( and [confirmation bias]( is strong in this one.
@_date: 2012-08-21 14:09:29
Very unlikely, the conditions are nothing like last year. Last year saw a huge speculative bubble that bust because the fundamentals simply weren't there. This time we're seeing someone very likely trying to manipulate the price or cashing out, with the possibility they are trying to cause a panic sell to lower the price to buy in again.
@_date: 2012-08-15 17:33:52
Upvotes for you good sir, couldn't have said it better myself :)
@_date: 2012-11-05 08:11:30
Sorry to bust your bubble here but when I first started buying Bitcoins I never used an exchange. I used cash in the mail. It may shock you but I never used a licensed money handler, bank account or any other such mechanism. And this was in the very early stages when getting hold of Bitcoins, especially where I was, was damn near impossible. The only other option I had was mining.
It was cash and a post office. Now the risks were certainly much higher and it also took longer, but the guy on the bitcoin forum I had regular contact with had a very good reputation yet was still able to function anonymously. 
Hunting down sites will just drive them to become more innovative, the crackdown on p2p filesharing helped drive bittorrents into existence, so why do you think site operators are just going to stand motionless and slackjawed while the authorities bodyslam them into oblivion?
If sites are forcibly taken down you can bet that every operator will use the silkroad business model, onion sites, reputation systems, reciept via mail. It doesn't take a genius to realise this.
@_date: 2012-09-06 17:40:06
It was funny the first couple times, now its just sad and pathetic. 
But you know what they say, fools and their money etc. etc.
@_date: 2012-12-20 13:50:28




:) just to cover my arse I'll clarify. I mean damn anonymous in the sense that Bitcoin's addressing is extremely anonymous by default, but the level of anonymity is dependant on the user using those addresses in a way that ensures their anonymity over the course of use. 
eg. playing poker over Tor with new addresses every withdrawal, as well as depositing Bitcoins from an unrelated each session. Then using the won coins to buy a digital download elsewhere, again over Tor: Very high anonymity.
@_date: 2012-09-26 19:55:14
Bitcoin can be treated as cash AND as digital currency, I think you are selling it short by thinking it can only be traded via exchanges.
The cynic in me however says you are right, if you can't trade BTC via an exchange, it's advantages are severely curtailed compared to existing currencies. One thing that no other currency has over Bitcoin ithough s it needs no intermediary, it needs no government to sanction it's transfer other than the internet. Just an internet connection.
So, go forth and find someone that has the same faith in Bitcoin that you do. ( I know, easily said than done, but it is still the truth, no-one can theoretically stop you trading Bitcoin).
@_date: 2012-11-05 12:10:33
No probs :)
Paper wallets come in a variety of shapes and sizes. The simplest explanation is that a paper wallet is a backup that is even safer than offline backups since it is not even in a digital form anymore. Paper wallets are not prone to digital attacks or frailties of memory damage or failures. But generating paper wallets is not entirely straightforward, nor is spending your funds if all you have is a paper wallet. To get a taste of offline paper wallets, try [bitaddress]( for starters, they have simple public/private key generation along with a QR code you can use to digitally scan in the info. To use this offline, (which I can only recommend in the strongest possible terms!), save the web page to a flash drive (all the javascript needed to generate the keys is embedded into the page), move the files to an offline, isolated or clean machine. I'd personally recommend using a linux live cd which is disconnected from the internet. Load the webpage from the files on the flash drive, generate your keys, then print them out for safe keeping. The caveat when using paper wallets exclusively is when you actually want to spend your funds and ther are a few alternatives.
You can use armoury to import these single keys manually and create what are called watching only wallets (they check the balance for the public keys on the blockchain but are unable to spend the funds, thus immune to hacking attempts on machines connected to the internet. You could also check your balance using one of the public blockchain websites like blockchain.info or coinbase.com (blockchain.info also allows you to import your own public/private keys too).
Armoury can also create their own paper wallets, which I'd recommend over single public/private key generation, since armoury's paper wallets are deterministic. This means you can use a seed of information (which can be saved as a paper wallet upon creation of the wallet) and from this info generate all the public/private keys you will ever need. It also means backing up your wallet only needs to be done once since the seed contains all the information you will ever need. In the next few years I'm sure deterministic wallets will definitely become commonplace but at the moment only a few client have integrated them and each has their own way of doing it (IOW they aren't cross compatible, yet).
Developers are working on the best way to create deterministic, cross compatible formats that each project can easily integrate, but this is still a work in progress, unfortunately the satoshi client has only rudimentary importing of keys on the command line, electrum client can create determinstic wallets and import keys but again, all command line based AFAIK (haven't checked in a while). Armoury can import the older satoshi wallets, create determinstic wallets and import/sweep a number of different public/private keys but armoury's deterministic wallets work with armoury, electrum's seed is very different to armoury's way of seeding. 
Armoury's developer Etothepi has said he is very determined to get wallets up to scratch so that deterministic wallets are more compatible, importing of newer satoshi wallets is possible and a number of other great additions. 
At the end of the day though paper will probably be supersceded by what are referred to as "Brain Wallets", a combination of a complex password plus the integration of deterministic key generation, currently only electrum has implemented this type of wallet but it is still a work in progress and not exactly for the faint of heart.
@_date: 2012-12-17 02:10:39
Indeed, Bitcoin these days is not a toy currency any-more, people's lives could be devastated by a few minor slip-ups, that's why I often wait around while others test a shiny new client that enters the scene, took me more than a year after Armory came to light before I ever ran it, simply because I had no idea if etotheipi was going to be able to properly implement the functionality of Bitcoin correctly. 
@_date: 2012-12-25 08:56:51
Yay! Merry Christmas to you good sir :)
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:52:10
*passive-agressive mode enabled*
@_date: 2012-09-09 17:40:55
~~TBH he is at the very least giving everyone who bet 20 BTC~~.** Edit: After reading the thread again, apparently no, he's not**. It was a dumbass bet in any case though. Anyone that was serious about this kind of money would have it in escrow. 
~~Thats still 2000 coins, and that will definitely hurt, along with a significant drop to his reputation~~ **Edit: actually, it looks like his reputation is in tatters,** I think it's best left at that. He's going to be hurting ~~from the cash hit, as well as his pride and reputation~~. Lets hope *everyone* has learnt something from this.
@_date: 2012-12-20 12:50:15
I wonder what happened December 12/13 to cause that spike??
@_date: 2012-08-17 14:02:55
Though I find it somewhat distateful to say this, I think some large part of the confidence and increased buying may very well be linked to the silk road, apparently their profits are increasing and their reputation as sellers is quite high according to a researcher that spidered the site regularly and analysed the results.  This is hardly the whole picture but this alone indicates that Bitcoin is not just reliable, but showing it's invaluable utility as a unit of exchange. 
Also another factor potentially boosting confidence is the imminent reward halving. Compared to a year ago the price was $7.00 USD and 6.7million minted coins, price fluctuations were far more common because less people had coins, and thoses that did could cause the market to move drastically, now we have 9.7 million coins, which means theoretically many more people have coins distributed among more persons, hence less volatility and from that, more confidence in the price.
Also, the bitcoin economy is much, much more advanced compared to a year ago, many technologies have begun to mature, more reliable services exist, etc. etc. Believe me when I say it was ameture town a year ago, and don't even get me started on what it was like TWO years ago.
Bitcoin still has a long way to go but I can't say I'm too surprised at the price rise, but even my pessimism says that the price rises deserve a correction of some sort, just to test the value if nothing else, though a month ago this did indeed happen, another now would also be good.
@_date: 2012-09-06 07:36:22
Bitcoin does satisfy most/all the requirements for something to be considered "money", and very closely matches gold in practice, with the exception that is is better than gold in the sense that it can be near infinitely divided and can be very safely moved around with hardly any friction.
It's kind of poetic that way back the majority of people were calling Bitcoin itself a scam, and now the scammers themselves are using Bitcoin. ;D
What gets me is how many people somehow think that sending Bitcoin automatically makes the receiver more trustworthy. Even the most rudimentary scams seems to get past people's common sense when Bitcoin is involved. Much like when computer crime was in it's infancy, people had difficulty categorising it as a crime it was just a bunch of ones and zeros....
@_date: 2012-10-02 12:32:40
I dunno, I for one would not like to be on a list that everyone is staring at. The general public is much more likely to be scrutinising transactions involving large concentrations of coins from that list. Awkwarrrrrd....
I'm sure some people would like bragging rights, but it's not really something I'd be particularly jealous of. Besides, I'm sure there are just as many people that are not on the list that hold similar amounts. Those guys get to have heaps of coins, AND their privacy.
@_date: 2012-08-17 18:31:50
cantbearsed is incredibly negative, and far, far off base. Fact is Bitcoin has received some incredibly bad press over the last 2+ years, yet here it is, stronger in many ways that others relentlessly criticised it for not having in one way or another a year ago. 
It is just the same parroting of the same mantra without a glance at where Bitcoin has been and where it has come to up to now. cantbearsed can't honestly criticise Bitcoin's current situation without comparing Bitcoin to what it was a year ago, and two years ago, then three years ago.
I personally don't analyse Bitcoin based on what it is right now. I analyse it based on how far it has come. And *oooooohhhhhHHHH* **BOY** It has come far! :)
@_date: 2012-09-16 03:06:30
* Is as frictionless as a greased pig. eg. you could send millions across the globe for a pittance, effortlessly, without a third party. Try doing THAT with fiat :)


^ what julian702 said.
* The value can't be directly manipulated by governments by issuing more or less coins.
* No-one can tell you who you can or can't send money to. 
* Irreversible transactions.  A double edged sword but hey.
* No-one has to ask a government if it's OK to accept Bitcoins.
* You can remain traceless if you spend your coins carefully.
@_date: 2012-08-25 03:58:07
The Bitcoin economy could easily expand to 20 trillion dollars, and that is far more coverage than even the USD. At that stage a satoshi would be equal to a USD penny.
The Bitcoin protocol can be modified to add further division of units if necessary (which apparently is fairly easy to do and I'm certain the network would accept further division of units in the future so uptake of those changes would be very possible), but to assume that Bitcoin is going to supplant every currency in the world, even, someone as optimistic as myself thinks that is a bit ludicrous. 
tldr; Your fears are unfounded and exaggerated, Bitcoin has room to grow and can be expanded as needed, nothing to see here.
@_date: 2012-06-11 12:13:10
The original term Satoshi used was "generating". Mining was coined (pardon the pun) because generating a block involved alot of searching and that searching was inversely proportional to the amount of computing resources thrown behind it. So unsurprisingly "mining" became a more synonymous term since it implied that more effort created more reward, much like mining, whereas generating didn't really lend itself that deeper meaning. 
Minting is actually much worse since it doesn't imply an upper limit, nor does it imply the conditions that must be met to "mint". Mining implies effort == reward and implies scarcity much like a mining operation, it also implies the role of and position of miners in the bitcoin community, that being the ones that prop up and stabilise the bitcoin economy through hard work, rather than arbitrary rulemakers, or overseers  like "minting" would imply. Naturally "mining" it has it's shortcomings but frankly the term "mining" tells everyone what they need to know, without having any blaring shortcomings in meaning.
Another rationale for mining over minting is that bitcoin shares more in common with gold than it does with fiat, and considering the crowds that bitcoin initially appealed to, that being those that are anit-fed reserve and fiat currency, naturally those people perferred to associate bitcoin more with gold than fiat. 
@_date: 2012-09-07 02:31:13
Until this can be better substantiated with any validity, this should be considered an outright scam. So please stop flooding the board with every little piece of trash you find around the internet.
@_date: 2012-11-05 04:00:18
1) Yes, shit out of luck in fact.
2) Yes, you will still receive coins, think of it similar to a public post office or a safety deposit box at a bank and you own a Box, you are the only one with the key (your wallet.dat file) and everyone has access to the post office (blockchain), what's more every box is transparent so everyone can see if you have mail (IOW everyone can see everyone's balance). So when you aren't there people can still get coins to you via the post office (Blockchain). Everyone will know that a particular "Box's" contents are, but no-one will know the owner unless you shout it out to the world or your identity is leaked.
3) The wallet.dat contains the keys and if it is encrypted, yes it has become much harder, but thieves have been very devious and have gone to extreme efforts to get coins, even offline storage has it's caveats, so it really is up to the user to be as security conscious and vigilant as possible.
4) Not generally since armoury uses deterministic wallets, but the reference client doesn't yet. I hear that will definitely be changing in the future though.
5) Yes but if it affects everyone equally that means competitiveness remains the same and will result in maintaining the status quo.
6) Very unlikely, I would be more worried about the medium you stored it on becoming inaccessible after 20 years rather than the protocol. The Bitcoin protocol, at the very least is based on mathematical algorithms, if the protocol changes, then it must be implemented and documented so everyone can accept the changes. If for example the hashing algorithm is changed, many people will need to rehash their coins on the blockchain so they can continue transacting with them. This will be thoroughly documented and implemented if it ever happens, guaranteed.
7) Tor was a reaction to the stripping away of privacy on the internet, bittorrent was a reaction to the entertainment industry getting hysterical over copying their content. i2p is on the doorstep too. The "war on drugs" in America, Colombia and others has been a disaster. Bitcoin is a reaction to the corrupt financial institutions. Now, unless the governments of the world switch off the internet, *permanently*, BTC will continue. Outlawing an activity that the public want, has been, in general the worst possible approach to controlling society. That's not to say outlawing Bitcoin would be good, but to say Bitcoin, at this stage could be crushed by a superpower legislating against it, would just see activity rise in other countries, and measures taken to circumvent enforcement. To be frank, I don't think propaganda could do a better job than the near constant stream of naysayers, pessimists, trolls, etc. Bitcoin has been doing a pretty good job of spreading bad press via foolish users. And I like it that way, it keeps Bitcoin honest, doesn't hide from it's problems or limitations, I personally am always keep to hear what the next smug know all has to say about Bitcoin since it gives me that chance to test my own reasoning and polish my own arguments about why I think Bitcoin is a good thing. Frankly if a government actively started trashtalking Bitcoin it would almost certainly have the opposite effect. You'd only ever kick a guy when hes down if you truly feared he was fully capable of getting right back up.
@_date: 2012-12-31 07:37:03
I think someone else phrased it nicely by saying "we can't eat money" :). What it means for Bitcoin though is that the economy will be continuously stimulated by these sudden, much smaller injections of uncirculated money (or as some like to derogatorily refer to as "hoarded money"). I, just like every other person, likes to hold onto money, but only because I want to buy something nice down the track. 
Governments **hate** this because it means less taxes are paid for "stuff" I could've been spending my hard earned money on. They want people to spend as much as possible, produce as much as possible and consume as much as possible because that is delicious tax revenue they can spend on whatever Goverment projects/agendas are on their list. Anything that spurs huge growth, even temporarily, is music to politician's ears, mainly because short term is usually long enough (4-6 years is the tenure of most politician's time in office so why should they ever plan further ahead?) for them. Banks are only too happy to help on this front because they get to make money on their money. Business also benefits the same way. Everyone benefits except the people that just want food on the table, a safe place to live, the ability to indulge in their hobbies, pursue their own interests, sleep in, etc. 
Governments, banks and the corporate sector value, far and above anything else, production and profit. Prosperity is far down the list of priorities, but for people to be happy they need security in their lives such as assured quality of life, assured income, assured leisure time, assured free time. Governments, banks and businesses have very little interest in making these things a reality for the people however since doing so does not necessarily equate to greater profit in the *short term*. This is why unions exist to make governments/banks/businesses listen when all they really want to do is focus purely on the production/profit part. I believe unions really are a manifestation of Goverments/banks and business no longer listening to, and providing for people's needs.
Individual saving is the antithesis of profit/revenue. A penny saved, is a penny in profit lost. Beligerently when the economy slows (as people *save* no less), Governments/banks make more money out of thin air to strongarm the economy into creating more growth, thus more profit/revenue. Essentially force feeding temporary growth into the populace. It is macabre economics feeding the most pathetic and prurient greed.
Sorry I started rambling a bit there.... :)
@_date: 2012-06-25 08:48:47
There are also 50% more coins in circulation. 
June 2011's ~6million coins @ ~$30 = $180,000,000 cap.
June 2012's ~9.3 million coins @ $6.25 = ~$56,000,000 cap.
It's 1/3 the cap of June 2011 yet there is 50% more coins in circulation. Initial inflation of the money supply, even though there was a bubble has done little to erode the value of Bitcoins, which is pretty damn positive for the future value of Bitcoin I'd think. When the block reward halves there's a strong possibility Bitcoin's value will shoot up in value, if for no other reason than demand is strong even 6 months before the drop happens. Anyone with financial experience want to interpret this? I am not financially educated so I'd be interested to hear what more experienced financial types have to say about the current trends.
@_date: 2012-08-15 14:23:47
Definitely better chatting here than on the Bitcointalk forum, those guys are worse then 4channers ;). I think some of what you say definitely could happen, I think the factor that will make a BIG difference is the Bitcoin userbase. A sudden inflation of the userbase (more sudden interest and new people with money wanting Bitcoins) will undoubtedly make the price skyrocket just like it did last year (though I think that scenario won't play out exactly the same a second time because nowadays the buying situation is very different). If the userbase grows slowly I think my prediction is more likely to turn out. A gradual userbase growth will result in a gradual rise in price and that gradual, predictable stability will be far, far healthier than a sudden breakout, the bad press and other locking up of Bitcoinica's funds has sufficiently scared off heavy handed speculators thankfully. My guess is those that rushed to the party are already still here and their funds are already as much in the Bitcoin economy as they will sanely allow. Confidence, services, and the block halving will see prices rise gradually without any major demand on it's own pushing it up, which would be a very good thing.
My personal hope is after this month's surge up in price we'll see a little stability for a month or so (and maybe even a slight correction to keep everyone on their toes? ;P).
@_date: 2012-12-14 12:01:22
Actually the statement "nobody controls Bitcoin" is 100% correct, there are multiple implementations of the Bitcoin protocol, multiple miner programs, some closed source, most open. The reference client's source code is MIT licensed. All releases of the Satoshi client is tested at least a month in advance before being pushed to the front page and all the source is free to view/audit at any time. All people of any nationality/creed/culture is free to use mining software too.
Did you even see the furore over BIP16/17?
It took months of discussion, vetting, backstabbing and rallying to get the majority of miners to fully embrace the changes. And these were the main developers trying to spearhead the changes.
The statement, "nobody controls Bitcoin" is a very fair assessment. 
@_date: 2012-09-13 11:44:02
I'm totally cool with gambling, don't get me wrong. I just hate it when people lure others into a false sense of security and end up being badly burnt due to their own lack of due dilligence/foresight/caution/etc.
I hate it when people go all in thinking the best case scenario, then crawl back whining and blaming everyone other than themselves. Bitcoinica being a classic case. If the first HUGE breach wasn't a big enough red flag I don't know what is, but since no-one lost a cent they all thought, hey, it's cool, problem fixed, back to trading, la-la-la-la-la.... It wasn't fixed. :|
Then when Bitcoinica finally shuttered, everyone bewilderingly started pointing fingers, and ignored the fact they had the shot over their bow a month previous and did nothing. None of them wanted to take personal responsibility for their own financial decisions, in their eyes it was always someone else's fault.
I don't want to be one of those people that says Bitcoin is all ice-cream and pancakes with maple syrup. Sure there's *potential*  for huge gains, but my advice time and again has been to tell those thinking of investing in Bitcoin to take the money they want to invest to a casino, go to the roulette table, and bet all on black ;) , it will save you time, will not make us look bad, and hell, you have a far better chance of doubling your money there than with Bitcoin :)
If you find Bitcoin useful, use it (lord knows it is damn near frictionless as a greased pig). If you are a betting man, by all means use it, Bitcoin fills that niche nicely. If you want to change the world and be apart of something that could completely disrupt the financial industry as we know it, welcome aboard, but don't come buy coins because you **expect** to double your money, that's stupid.
@_date: 2012-09-28 02:06:00
I would actually say that you, OP, are the bigger threat. By not having this open and transparent foundation, development will continue to be done by a small clique of developers, unpaid and unknown, and that have sole control of the development process (no offense devs, love your work!). By organising and making decisions in the open, and facilitating and fostering 3rd party development, security and promotion of Bitcoin, we'll see far more diversity of implementations that interoperate properly. Thus, less developmental control.
Now either get involved, or STFU.
@_date: 2012-09-22 19:12:37
I hate to say it but this is actually factored into the cost.
@_date: 2012-12-13 06:31:58
I know right!?!! .... ::ahem!:: Not that I use 4chan of course..... 
@_date: 2012-07-14 11:07:01
You have some good points and they definitely pull the plausable deniability into a grey area but it makes the assumption the attackers know what you're worth in Bitcoins and also makes the dubious claim that they know which addresses are yours. It also assumes that someone is pooling their entire savings fund into one address rather than using a new address each time they move significant funds in or out of both spendings and savings wallets. These concerns can be easily mitigated by simply using a new address every single time when shifting funds from your stash to spendings, and vice versa when sending money to your stash. This however only works properly when receiving money for both the stash and spendings. If your stash is segmented so much that every spend that is sent to your spendings wallet comes from a different input address then how can they possilby even *claim* there is a hoard of Bitcoins controlled by one person. 
This kind of security and mindfulness is very easy to do and takes little effort. Unfortunately it's something many people skim over though when it comes to using Bitcoin....
@_date: 2012-07-14 09:42:30
The amount of coins being added to the Bitcoin network is still increasing and will likely not decrease for several years, though it will slow. That means the Bitcoin economy is still in an inflation phase technically, only when the number of coins being added to the economy diminishes substantially will this move to an enconomy that will enter a steady, or slight deflation phase (depending on how manys coins get lost in the system in the future etc).
The value of Bitcoin, if it were steady, would actually be lessening but even in this inflationary period the value is rising. This could be factored in by one or more of the following forces:
* Bitcoin is Useful: YAY! People have discovered the benefits of Bitcoin and people are using them! People want to use them so are exchanging fiat for Bitcoins so they can transact around the world near instantly, for low fees, semi-anonymously, etc. This is a strong likelihood because the rise in value is seen as money crosses the exchanges (ie. more money going into the Bitcoin economy rather than going out). The only bad thing that could destabilise the value in this case is if the protocol/network were to fail in some spectacular way, though ATM that is very unlikely. Others could also be playing factors, suchas...
* The reward halving in five months: Though this is expected many may be trying to get a hold of coins now rather than when they become more scarce. This makes sense, but also means the value is more volatile. This may result in the value of Bitcoin fluctuating a reasonable amount before, during, and after the block halving, mainly because human psychology is hard to predict in this situaion because it has never happened.
* People may be hoarding: Currently, and as time goes on this is going to be less and less likely. The gold rush is essentially over already, nearly 50% of the coins have been doled out, the early adopters have already been and in the future will also be gone (early adopters WILL cash out at some stage). Hoarding is very, very high risk and only the fanatic/insane will risk significant funds this late in the game. Some have already gotten badly burnt trying to play the get rich quick schemes. Bitcoinica being the perfect example of greed, turned nightmare.
* Services and businesses popping up accepting Bitcoin and making aquiring Bitcoin easier: Arguably the first and last dot points are the most likely at this stage. People are discovering the benefits, learning how to use bitcoins, services are materialising to provide Bitcoins, as well as businesses discovering the benefits of accepting Bitcoins is beginning to pick up pace.
Also a final note, if you see the bids/asks on MtGox, both bidders and askers agree that Bitcoin is worth more than it currently is (the bidders are willing to buy at a higher price and the askers are reluctant to relinquish at a lower price, hence pulling the price up). This isn't a case of huge demand enmasse since there has been no massive exposure or positive news regarding Bitcoin recently.
There's my 2 satoshis.
@_date: 2012-10-18 17:13:46
It is common practice for not just change to be moved to a new address in the pool in the [Qt-Bitcoin client]( but also common practice for users to use a new address for each new received transaction to ensure maximum anonymity. What this means is the "78% of Bitcoin are hoarded" assumption is an outright fallacy. It would be more correct to say 78% of all the current Bitcoin transactions up to now, are practising good pseudo-anonymity within the network, but even that statement is highly flawed (it's just slightly less flawed than the hoarding statement). 
Also doesn't take into account cold storage for businesses, casascius coins, OR **lost coins!**
IOW: all my behaviour in using a fresh address for receiving coins and not using them for a few months makes me a hoarder...
@_date: 2012-08-29 15:32:07
Yeah, you really are a tool if you think you learned anything. 
You inflated extra confidence in a scam (thus indirectly helping pirate scam more money) and think the money you "earned" through interest is somehow rightfully yours. Julian702 has it right. 
You did nothing, helped no-one, and somehow think you did nothing wrong. If you really learnt your lesson why don't you find some of these people that lost everything and are now in a real bind because of it, and redistribute some of your "interest" to those that were simply a little less lucky than you. No? Didn't think so.
@_date: 2012-11-06 18:06:48
The idea has already been considered, you are not the first to come up with this "innovative" idea. Satoshi himself described it as a "decentralised timestamping system". That on it's own pretty much sums up a voting system.
Your idea is neither new nor unique. It would neither take eons nor would it be hard to catch on. Be obsessed as much as you like but you are not the first to come up with this "brainwave".
@_date: 2012-09-01 06:02:46
[Bitcoin Network:]( 18.56 Tera-hashes @ ~235.77 Peta-flops 
Top 500 Supercomputers processing power **combined** [~43.673 Peta-flops ](
Let's not forget all of Bitcoin's processing power has been steered and co-ordinated to work on one, and only one problem in a completely decentralised yet very precisely defined way. That in itself is both good and bad. Good simply because it allows Bitcoin to be what it is (which is an incredibly powerful and for all intents and purposes ATM, an irrefutable transaction network), and bad because such a specialised workforce is not very useful for much outside of that.
@_date: 2012-09-05 15:58:11
Sounds like they borked the image encoding. 
@_date: 2012-09-07 12:17:18
Thanks, I didn't notice the fine print.
@_date: 2012-09-25 10:17:38
Well, if that's not the most obvious indication of Bitcoin's clear and present threat to Mintchip, then I don't know what is.
@_date: 2012-12-10 13:37:09
I sympathise with the novices, it is a slow steep climb to use Bitcoin correctly, but I rather novices take the hard knocks of learning an imperfect system the correct way rather than give them a loaded gun and set them loose. Inevitably they will shoot themselves in the face and then cry back to everyone saying "why didn't you tell us xyz??!!?".
Far, far, FAR too many people have lost money even they were trying to do everything right. 
So yeah, start reading, start asking questions, learn how Bitcoin works, get it running correctly, use it correctly. Bitcoin is not a toy where you undo your fuckups like you would call IT to fix your whatever, like I said, people have lost real money **LOTS OF MONEY**, even when they thought they were doing everything right. 
I have seen far too many posts this year of people's hosted wallet accounts being hacked and all their funds being siphoned off. It's kind of sickening to hear, yet again, of someone losing their funds because they couldn't be arsed enabling 2-factor authentication.
Please don't misinterpret this as a berating post, or me acting like a hard arsed, bitter douche spouting the mantra "I did it the hard way so everyone should do it the hard way". I REALLY want people to use the Bitcoin software, I also want it to be fast, safe and easy as pie, but I also feel personally obligated to direct people to the correct way of using the Bitcoin protocol, if everyone uses blockchain.info or electrum, or multibit as their first goto they will think that that is the default way to use Bitcoin when it is emphatically NOT the Bitcoin client. Nor is it a secure way of using Bitcoin. Bitcoin-Qt is the safest, most thoroughly tested client out there. It doesn't have a multitude of features because features introduce points of weakness that can be (potentially) exploited.
I imagine a few years down the track this will be a non issue, but for now recommending Bitcoin-Qt as the main client for new users is still the best way to go. For now. 
FYI, I have used Bitcoin since mid 2010 and have never lost a coin, EVER. I have used the original satoshi client since day one, and now-a-days piggyback armory on it. I've used offline computers and cold wallets for 1.5 years and always sign my transactions offline, it takes me, at most a few minutes to sign a transaction. I never have sleepless nights wondering if my funds are secure. The best part is, apart from waiting a little while to update the blockchain, it's damn near trivial to do everything else.


and not day later we get yet [ANOTHER person]( 
@_date: 2012-09-02 03:25:43
Poker and a "savings account" are two *completely* different things. The fact that you even try to make any connection between the two is laughable.
The "investors" were dumb and greedy, no more, no less. Pirate OTOH, is dumb, greedy, heartless and clueless. The lowest class of human, and you acting like pirate's shill after the fact is frankly pitiful.
@_date: 2012-06-21 05:41:06
Theres some truth to that and there's  also an online tool for those new to it. [my previous warning stands though]( Your odds are about as good as casino odds. Bitcoin should not be invested in, it should be used. At least this way you don't drop your money all at once into Bitcoin and can gauge how the market moves, then pull out if the risk/loss becomes too great without losing everything.
@_date: 2012-06-16 07:59:46
If you live in Australia and can use cash, try using spendbitcoins.com Their hike in price is no way as bad as what you experienced and they freeze the price for 4 hours so you are guaranteed the agreed upon price. They take 35% in fees but what you're experiencing is just ridiculous.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:22:28
The fallacy that people are incapable of looking after their own money and that *someone* (ie. someone **POWERFUL** and *wise*) needs to intervene to keep the system safe. You know, for their own good.
@_date: 2012-12-18 12:40:26
This is something that should be on the localbitcoins.com page in big bold lettering. Good to hear the bank is not going to make you take the fall for another person's lack of security.
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:46:55
As opposed to history's continual failure of every currency that has ever been since the dawn of civilisation. The constant debasement by governments, the continual mis-management by banks. Zimbabwe called and wants it's economy back btw.
Your statements are nonsensical and border on the hysterical, it also carries a hint that you may in fact be very, very drunk. Log off, sleep it off and come back in the morning.
@_date: 2012-06-17 03:35:21
Sorry I was being sarcastic and pointing out CCO's narrow minded beliefs about the legitimacy of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is definitely going up relative to the other currencies, whether it stays up is all up to how useful it is and continues to be. 
@_date: 2012-09-22 15:49:46
If the [bitshift operation]( can shit itself, far more than Bitcoin is in trouble ;)
@_date: 2012-08-01 10:25:19
If you're keen on spreading the adoption of Bitcoin there's always the side benifit of lower prices in Bitcoin compared to credit cards. Offering products in Bitcoins naturally sidesteps the (as I've heard) 3% fee credit card companies push onto merchants. Thats definitely one advantage of using Bitcoin over other methods, that and its very fast to process. I hear some transaction networks take significantly longer than Bitcoin, eg. money orders, cheques, certain credit cards, etc. That means faster shipping times after payment confirmation. In a digital product environment this may still be an issue (if you can call 10+ minutes "long"), but for products being shipped, payment can be confirmed, shipped in the hour with absolutely no risk to the merchant.
@_date: 2012-06-25 07:42:04
Electrum is good for small funds and a paper wallet is good for savings you don't intend to touch, but if you have a lot of coins and you still want to be able to spend them, both of these approaches become a problem in the long run.
Another alternative, if you have the time and knowhow, as well as if you want to keep using your funds, is [Armory]( Set up a machine that is used exclusively off-line and setup armory on it. Armory is the only client I know that can manage multiple wallets, make paper backups, create watching only wallets and is capable of creating transactions while keeping your coins permanently off-line, yet still usable.
I use this approach, and though it took a little time and requires a dedicated off-line computer, it is the only system that I can be assured, 100% will never, ever, be susceptible to wallet theft. Unless someone walks into my house, picks up the machine, and leaves with it, but even then it is inaccessible due to encryption, and backups mean I can sweep them at any time to a new account. Having hundreds of dollars of coins directly connected to the Internet is, at this point in time, not at all safe. 
Online wallets should only be used for small amounts and convenience sake, I would never advocate storing large amounts online, just too risky. Even startups that handle large numbers of coins that THOUGHT they were security conscious got badly burnt. Don't risk it.
@_date: 2012-09-02 10:27:42
[It is also likely the price will go up....](
@_date: 2012-12-05 16:45:19
Yep, saw that and had a big WTF moment too, you're not alone.
@_date: 2012-09-02 06:53:55
sooooooo.... how's that war in Afgan-stan going? Oh? still there after nearly a decade? 
sooooooo.... hows that war on drugs going? Oh? Highest incarceration/population rate and it's actually getting worse?
sooooooo.... hows that whole shutting down that pesky copyright infringement/filesharing network thing going? Oh? DVD protections were cracked? Blueray master key revealed after billions of investment and years in research? Bittorrent one of the most widely used services on the internet? 
Shucks. Seems not many people listen to what 'merica tells them. 
@_date: 2012-08-29 17:06:30
I do not disagree on any particular point. But the OP also made things far worse because indirectly drew in more victims by also partaking in the scheme. I have no sympathy for the "investors" either since they only gave coins to the guy cos they thought they could get tons more coins for doing nothing. Simple greed on their part. But OP is a special type of bottom feeder.
I guess my point is OP thinks he's hot shit because he got out early, whereas in actual fact he is selfish, greedy, heartless, clueless and an enabler for thieves.
@_date: 2012-07-13 04:18:52
;P indeed I also watch r/Bitcoin like a hawk. TBH I also worry when the price rises sharply like it has in the last few days, mainly because it means it could also sharply DROP in a few days, I'd much rather a steady rise/fall since then I can at least negotiate around it. That said, when we have sharp increases up it can be fun to watch ;D .
@_date: 2012-10-03 16:15:06
I disagree, simply because you can't quantify the recent price rises to growth of the Bitcoin economy, or the anticipation of the reward halve making demand for Bitcoins greater ahead of the cut.
If I've learned anything about Bitcoin, it's that nothing is locked-in, nothing is a forgone conclusion. The free market is an unpredictable and fickle mistress.
@_date: 2012-07-19 09:53:40
I firmly believe the price is nowhere near "baked in" in anticipation of the block halving as some keep on going on about. ATM it is more likely confidence is returning and increased adoption of Bitcoin is helping to solidify based on it's current fundamentals. The "baking-in" is almost certain to occur 1 month before and/or after the reward halving.
Regardless of what happens, natural scarcity of coins will naturally push value up anyway (but probably much more slowly than people expect), hence keeping most miners in the game. Bitcoin's real test will come from the psychology of the masses. No doubt the price will go up, but probably not THAT much, but more importantly the price rise that matters will happen in the month before and after the reward halve, since this is when the most uncertainty lay. 
Right now I believe we're seeing people's confidence returning. A lot has happened in the last year and Bitcoin's not receiving the kind of hyperbole a year ago. This is good for the value since more services around Bitcoin have expanded as well as more Businesses (just think a year ago, Coinabul didn't even exist!), more established and decentralised mining setups. More security conscious and better educated Bitcoin users, more secure/diverse/useful Bitcoin clients, many more exchanges (with higher security no less ;) ), . A year has seen a huge transformation in the Bitcoin world, it certainly is nothing like it was a year ago, so yeah confidence in Bitcoin is rising because of these factors, it has hardly been going backwards so a rise in price is hardly surprising. 
@_date: 2012-12-10 02:46:27
Downloading everything from scratch is based on the premise that everyone can't be trusted. Not one single source is considered trusted by default. Thus, the blockchain is downloaded from scratch from heaps of different, untrusted nodes, and each block verified. Sure downloading the blockchain from a single, cryptographically signed source is simple and convenient, but it means you need to trust that one source, if that centralised source feeds you a compromised chain, you have a massive security breach on your hands, there could be a shadow bitcoin network feeding you blocks and keeping ahead of the other genuine blockchain and you'd never know. This is why you need to download the entire blockchain from scratch. In Bitcoin security comes first, then speed, then convenience.
@_date: 2012-07-07 10:23:50
Funny, the UN's declaration of internet use being a basic right (as a form of freedom of expression) which seems to be endorsed by the U.S.A. , coupled with U.S.A.'s Citizens United Supreme Court ruling saying that spending money falls under the first amendment, I'd say the case for Bitcoin being legal is becoming more and more an iron-clad right. At least in America.
@_date: 2012-06-24 11:05:39
I'm going to assume you are using the Bitcoin-Qt client. If you click on the "Receive coins" button you will indeed have no addresses shown there, this I'm pretty sure is because you have no transactions tied to any addresses in the blockchain yet. Click the "New Address" button at the lower left and it will give you a new address you can use for receiving coins with. Behind the scenes a bunch of addresses have already been generated but they are hidden and only shown when you need them.
@_date: 2012-09-02 13:09:34
It also devalues the currency as a whole, hence inflation affects entire economies and makes everyone suffer for the mistakes of the few. It means monumental fuckups can be glossed over and instead everyone just hurts a little bit more. Actually no, the rich hardly hurt at all, just the poorest among us will suffer. Which is just dan-dan-dandy wouldn't you say?
@_date: 2012-12-10 07:21:41
* Closed source: check.
* Buzzwords galore like, "coming soon" "easily" "cheaply" "safely" : check.
* Claims to be the next big thing: check.
Gentlemen, I believe this is most probably an excellent example of vaporware.
This "system" isn't even in the same league as Bitcoin, let alone something that can compete with it. Bitcoin is absolutely trust-less, ripple demands a form of trust via consensus. Bitcoin uses irrevocable transaction of value, ripple issues credit. Bitcoin has been humming along for literally 4+ years and ripple hasn't even made a (please pardon the bad pun) ripple. Frankly, Litecoin is more interesting than this "ripple" system. 
@_date: 2012-09-17 16:28:02
I agree that contingencies are still in the pipeline but there are definitely approaches that many devs have discussed and considered, but some changes are useful, yet detrimental in others, such as block age, manual checkpointing, so miners can arbitrarily choose the safest point in the chain, choosing between the longest chain and orphaned blocks that suddenly become longer than the longest chain, suppressing broadcasts of suspicious blocks, etc. I don't know enough about contingencies to prevent forks that is in the existing main codebase, but they do exist and would definitely be implemented if necessary, some are simple and only require nodes to update, not miners. So you can be sure if there is a credible threat, the devs will be on it like a bad smell.
With regards to monopolising the chain, its still a lottery, and though chances will be in the monopolists favour, the mining king could never control the block creation 100%, it would get exponentially difficult. What's more, if he doesn't build on the existing chain the difficulty wont go up proportionately as the huge influx of extra blocks are created, the monopolist would poison his efforts since he would build on a chain that requires FAR more processing power to maintain and the distributed chain that forked could adjust appropriately and pretty effectively effectively keep pace. The monopolist gains nothing by rejecting their blocks since if he does he won't push them out of the race when difficulty increases, because it never will for the distributed network. The monopolist will effectively spin their wheels on a similar, untrustworthy, forked chain, that must produce twice the number of blocks (if he only controls a little over 50% hashrate) just to keep pace with the other chain until the next difficulty adjustment. And when difficulty hits, the adjustment will only be a little in his favour, it will be a real hard uphill race. If the monopolist refuses to accept others' blocks he must spend much more effort creating his own. Chance means he will never outpace block creation 100% of the time. He must broadcast his blocks and miners will always accept the newest block and build off that one, so, the instant a non-monopolist block appears, the blockchain is forked, and it will become exponentially difficult to keep ahead of everyone else’s newly created blocks, esp since they will accept and build new blocks on his, but he won't with theirs. It would only take a couple blocks to fork too, remember I said about rewriting blocks, it works the same way as trying to out create the rest of the network. If he is 3 blocks behind, the monopolist needs 8 times the hashing capacity just to keep pace if he has a little over 50% hashrate. If the monopolist doesn't accept their blocks the fork will be fast and abrupt and then the monopolist will be all on his own, he gets all his toy money and will produce blocks at an equivalent rate to the other chain after 2016 blocks are solved. That strategy makes absolutely no sense. Therefore he HAS to mine on the same chain and accept their blocks, otherwise it just becomes a hard forked, alternate, monopolised blockchain that is untrustworthy. To compete against the distributed hashing power, by accepting their blocks is no easy task either, imagine 5% of the hashing power is the distributed miners, and the monopolist has 95% of the hashing power. To get 95% of the blocks you need:
95% hashing of monopolist / 5% hashing of distributed network = 19 times more hashing power needed.
19 times the hashing power of the distributed network would be required to get 95% of the blocks. If you want 99% of the blocks, you need literally 99 times the hashing power of the rest of the combined network's hashing rate. The monopolist is going to have a **very, bad, day**. I personally reckon "monopolistic control would likely be 80/20 minimum, so the monopolist needs *at least* 4 times the hashing power of the rest of the network, and he would have to outpace everyone's block creation for at least 2016 blocks. So 3-4 days of sustained block generation at 4 times the existing network capacity. If bitcoinwatch.com's stats are to be believed the network currently has an equivalent processing power of 263,490,000,000,000,000 flops (263.49 Petaflops), compared to a wired article estimating 6,400,000,000,000,000,000 flops [(6.4 Exaflops)]( for capacity of computing worldwide. **Now mind you I take this with a grain of salt**, but that means Bitcoin uses 1/24th of the entire computational capacity of the entire world in 2007. If computational power doubles every year and a half that makes it 38.4 Exaflops, adjusting it to 1/145th capacity of the worldwide computational power, but like I said, take that with a lump of salt ;P. 
But lets imagine a worst case scenario and this *DID* happen. If things did get desperate you can bet people will start taking action. They would likely create a black/white list among the trusted mining pools and distribute it among the community to ignore, or refuse to forward a monopolist's blocks, and try to propagate as much as possible their own blocks, to verify such a method miners could seed blocks with their own transaction signed with their private key and then compare to the whitelist/blacklist. An ugly, temporary and desperate stopgap to be sure, it would simply buy time while the devs try to figure a better solution, but I highly doubt miners will stand idly by while a corporate, or governmental entity systematically tries to dismantle the trust around the Bitcoin network, nor would the community. 
But like I said, it's a ridiculous notion and simply not credible in this environment, I find it more likely that the Internet will be switched off for those that use it, legislation passed to ban it, or more plausibly, heavily filtered/monitored, than to bumble around trying to "destroy" Bitcoin with AISCS. It would be far cheaper, easier and simpler.
@_date: 2012-11-16 01:58:01
Nice. I think the network effect on Bitcoin is finally entering second gear.
@_date: 2012-08-10 11:46:50
Yeah, adding extra coins via a 51% attack is impossible. There are hard limits on the number of coins, the only way to circumvent this would be to rewrite bitcoin itself. 51% attacks are highly unlikely and even if it was possible the effects of what one can do in that situation is highly limited, you could essentially re-spend your own coins, causing a brief double spend period until the network reajusts to the rewritten chain, but this also has soft limits to limit possible damage.
Regarding Gavin, most Bitcoin supporters accept and support Gavin as lead developer. He has contributed tangibly and has a great deal of support. If something goes wrong, you can be certain that people will flock around Gavin and the other longstanding developers that are held in high regard. This has already been the case for some time so this really is a moot issue.
@_date: 2012-06-19 09:32:58
This is very very true, I remember Satoshi noting in the forums how he felt more confident when the hash rate hit a certain level. There's a number of factors that must reach a critical level before an alternative currency could be considered a legitimate alternative to Bitcoin.
* It would have to be open sourced otherwise trust (or lack therof)  would sabotage itself.
* It would need a high enough and stable enough hashrate to be able to safely mitigate any 51% attack, arguably the most difficult for any new currency to overcome. 
* It would need to be far, far more useful than Bitcoin is now, or could be in the future.
* It would need a fanbase of loyalists to reach out to others to spread the word of the new currency, as well as use it, and create bussinesses, or encourage businesses to support that new currency. 
Bitcoin has all this and more, and it's taken a helluva lot of knocks on the way. Novelty is also on it's side too. Any new alternative decentralised, or some other digital currency is going to have to be as revolutionary as Bitcoin is. Or supersede Bitcoin if it suffers a sudden catastrophic failure. Frankly, unless the latter happens, no new alternative currencies will appear on the horizon anytime soon.
@_date: 2012-12-04 03:04:54
I think it's great you're getting into Bitcoin, but you need to be aware this is open source, experimental software. It is definitely improving and the developers are very much aware of the issues you bring up. In the developers defense I must say that since mid 2010 when I became aware of Bitcoin the software (frankly) has **MASSIVELY** improved in leaps and bounds. This is not to say it is perfect, but just keep in mind this is open source, and the developers are unpaid (at least in the conventional sense). They are addressing your concerns/limitations of the traditional Satoshi client, but unlike 2010, you now have a slew of options, and simple integration of wallets accross all clients is coming. Be patient, it will come.
Now, your questions:


Essentially it is a number in a transaction which has been included in a block (a block is essentially a periodic update to all clients to tell them every 10 mins what coins have been transferred to which addresses). Each time a block is added to the blockchain, a blank transaction field is included, this single transaction is where the new "coins" come from, the miner, and only the miner, can assign these new "coins" to one of their personal addresses. Rules of the network dictate that only certain numbers added to this transaction field will be valid, a week ago it was 50, now it is 25. All other clients verifying the block will reject anything other than that. From then on this value can be split up, but never added to/subtracted from. The value and the address it belongs to is a permanent part of the blockchain from then on.


Yes, but it depends on the client how you import/export the info. At the end of the day all you really need (currently) is the private key for each address that has Bitcoins assigned to it. This will get easier when deterministic wallets are implemented and then all you will need is a single seed. From that it will generate all of your addresses and private keys. FYI, the public key can be determined from the private key, so technically you only ever need the private key.


The blockchain is public, meaning everyone knows where every coin is assigned. The client gets an up to date copy and checks this against all your private keys to get an updated tally of the number of coins you own. Every client does this, the light nodes just petition a server that has the blockchain to do it for them, same with web-based wallets, they all refer to a blockchain in some way or other.


Thats kind of a difficult one to explain unless you can be more specific. Are we talking client-side or the P2P side? Are we just talking about the the process of creating a single transaction to transmit, or are we talking about the verifying of said transaction, and how much detail do you really want? Just an analogy? Or would you like code snippets ;). If you want a simple, one sentence answer, the best I can offer is: The client uses your private key to change your Bitcoin amount assigned to your address to a different amount, and the public key of the address you are sending to is assigned the amount you deducted from your own key, and that means that any person holding that private key will see they are authorised to reassign the coins you have assigned to them. I know that answer is probably woefully insufficient, but your question is just too vague. Sorry.
@_date: 2012-09-08 09:12:49
Now that I can accept, you made it sound like it was a certainty. 
I will be watching the walls with interest ;P
@_date: 2012-07-10 04:31:08
Absolutely, blockchain.info. hipsters_are_fun's knowlege of Bitcoin is low (no offence intended at all BTW) and blockchain is very user-friendly and as long as something like 2-factor authentication or some other secondary authorisation is in place, your coins will be very safe. I very much encourage you to use blockchain.info for it's user-friendliness, control over your wallet, instant encrypted backups, support for secondary authorisation mechanisms, usability, functionality, etc. Just remember to use SOME form of secondary authentication (the second password for sending funds is OK, better is 2-factor, even better is a yubikey, but a yubikey is only necessary for thousands of dollars, best is a combination)
To move your coins simply setup an account at blockchain.info, click "wallet" in the top right. Create an account. Click the "Receive Money" menu item at the top. Find or create a new address, copy it.
Then go to your QT-client and click send coins, in "Pay To:" paste the previously copied address (double check to make sure it is absolutely correct), and enter the amount to send. I recomend initially sending a very small amount to be sure it is going to the right place. If the balance changes in your blockchain.info account after 10-20 mins, you're doing everything right.
Remember that blockchain.info is all stored offsite, so as long as you have a connection to the internet you can send coins, unlike other clients that also require blockchain downloading, special software etc. Good luck!
@_date: 2012-06-14 12:48:45
Yep, theres also two forces at work, as block rewards go down, scarcity of coins will rise. So not only will transaction fees help pull up the slack over time, block rewards wean people onto transaction fees and doubly will enforce scarcity, hence raising the value of the block reward (and the value of transaction fees) back to levels before the reward halved. The system of block rewards and transaction fees and the interrelation between them as a way to gradually bootstrap the Bitcoin economy was actually quite brilliant. I take my hat off to Satoshi.
In the worst case users will be further encouraged to add (even tiny) transaction fees if big miners decide to stop processing transactions that don't carry a fee at all. It works both ways for users and miners. Hopefully use of the Bitcoin network will rise to tens of thousands of transactions a block and the vast majority will have paid several cents for each transaction. If we get to that stage we would very easily reach parity with the current block value. Fortunately for us that is perhaps 10-15 years down the track. The network has plenty of time to adjust.
@_date: 2012-11-23 01:38:53
I think it is fair to say the vast majority of commenters (no offence intended to actual reasoned commenters of course) here seems to indicate that they are either A) atlas, B) atlas shills, C) have never touched a piece of code in their life, D) have no idea how Bitcoin works, E) are simply not interested in any opinion other than those that fit their own narrow interpretation of the world as they think it should be.
Don't get angry at them, pity them.
@_date: 2012-08-20 18:12:57
And thats cool, throwing out new ideas is very healthy and its always better to got out and make it, rather than theorise on how it can be done better and do nothing. But this, this is not better.
In any case, kudos to them for doing it and releasing the source. 
@_date: 2012-11-06 12:37:28
Nice one! :) Sounds like my advice came in handy.
If you just wanted an offline paper wallet for safe keeping, yep, you're set. Just make sure noone steals it or inadvertently throws it away thinking it's rubbish ;)
2 factor using google authenticator and a yubikey is ideal and about as rock solid as you can get when it comes to moving funds from Mt Gox. But having at least one of these in place is usually good enough. All depends if we are talking lunch money or several thousand dollars.
When selling the coins, armory can import the private key(s) and yes, from there you can make the transaction. However I'd strongly recommend creating a watching only wallet so you can create an unsigned transaction on an online computer (don't worry making a watching only wallet is easy), then move the unsigned transaction to the offline computer running armory with the imported keys, sign the transaction, then move the signed transaction to the online computer and broadcast it to the network.
Sounds fiddly I know, but frankly this is as far as I know, THE most bullet-proof way to create and send a transaction with damn near 100% security (just be sure to send the "change" back to your original address, don't worry armory has a simple checkbox to avoid letting your change disappear to an address that was never backed up). And don't worry, armory, for all it's options is actually very user friendly, once you've done it a few times it is actually laughably easy and quick.
One last caveat, armory piggybacks the satoshi client, so you need the up to date satoshi client running side by side with armory, this is only required for the online computer though.
**Edit:** I don't think I stressed that you *really* **REALLY** need to make sure you send the change to the original address. Not doing so *will* result in the remaining Bitcoin attached to that address disappearing. I remember in the early days someone lost 9k coins (back then a few hundred dollars worth, but even still) because they used a live CD to send the transaction but never backed up the newly generated keys that the client sent the remainder of the coins to. Tragically he only sent one bitcoin to himself, then once he saw the transaction go through, switched off the machine and, POOF! 9k gone. Armoury can easily avoid this but if you use an offline machine it could try to spit out your change to a deterministic wallet address that you never saved (FYI to import your keys you need to make a deterministic wallet so you have something to import to). Just be sure to check the box saying "Use and existing address for change" when you input addresses and amounts to send. Having your own standard address does give you the flexibility of moving between clients easily but by doing so you are leaving yourself vulnerable to the "change" problem, sorry for harping on it but I really don't want you first experience with Bitcoin to be your last one. 
@_date: 2012-11-05 08:18:18


Hmm lets see, maybe man the fuck up and start conducting themselves in a more fiscally responsible manner? I mean after all that's why Satoshi spawned this project in the first place.
@_date: 2012-12-25 08:59:26
Hmmm, thats a good point. Checking the Chaikin graphs against other currencies would help.
@_date: 2012-06-21 17:18:15
I don't disagree on any particular point but I prefer to err on the side of caution with regards to ProjectFlashSociety's seemingly boundless optimism in throwing a lot of his money at this investment opportunity and since he has come to this forum to ask for investment advice. 
 I agree that significant profits can be made. I bought 500 AUD of bitcoins 4 months ago and now I have 680 AUD. Very nice for doing absoultely nothing. But I'm no stock broker and I am no gambler, I intended to buy things with it but didn't end up doing so, so it sat there as the price, slumped, rose, slumped again, and eventually got to where it is now. What I'm saying is if it were my life savings I would've been sweating bullets.
You need experience (at least a little), know-how, and an iron nerve. I'm just saying be careful. Don't risk any more than you are willing to lose.
I should be at least a little constructive and help the OP though.
Wise?: More like a calculated gamble.
Volatility: Bitcoin is far more stable now than a year or two ago, many more services, clients, miner decentralisation, Bitcoin's future is quite bright ATM so I doubt price fluctuations will be as bad as in years past, though big positive of negative news will definitely shift the price. Check out [Bitcoin Magazines]( write up on the subject.
Theft?: Large numbers of coins, imperitively must be stored offline! I use armory to keep every scrap of Bitcoin offline, secure, but also usable. Armory uses a method to create a transaction online, transfer the transaction to the offline computer to be signed, then transfer back to the online computer so it can be broadcast. Works like a dream. Check it out [here]( Good luck!
@_date: 2012-09-17 19:19:16
Shaking off the heat. Unfortunately all those people that lost money are going to be inclined to believe him. 
Something tells me this is going to get the opposite effect though. The guy would only be doing this if he were really worried. Scammers head for the hills and are never heard of again but something tells me he's stalling because he's getting shit scared. This guy was probably stupid enough to leak enough identifying info to allow himself to be found and knows he needs to appease everyone somehow. 
That's my 2 bits anyway.
@_date: 2012-08-29 10:49:24
No lesson to be learned about Bitcoin is what he means, I think. This could just as easily have happened via CC, cash, bank deposit, etc. 
Bottom line is many foolish people interpreted Bitcoin's transaction capabilities as "but with Bitcoin it's different this time, yeah, Bitcoin is different and lots of people have invested with him so it must be legit". Unfortunately the concept of Bitcoin added noise to help drown out common sense. You can be assured people's guard is going to be much, much higher the next time round, but really, no new lessons are to be learned in this situation, just the same old mantras, "never invest that which you are not willing to lose", "if it sounds to good to be true, it probably is", "know who you are giving your money to", "always do your own due diligence" etc. etc.
@_date: 2012-09-08 03:52:29
You are still running on the assumption that this guy has boatoads of Bitcoins and have completely ignored my assertion that it was all hyperbole. 


^^^ You see this statement? You need to prove this wrong, or at least make a plausable case that he has so many Bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-06-24 08:58:10
Yeah, I'm pretty sure the users would still need to register an account with blockchain.info before they could receive coins. Maybe use coinapult to tempt them with the prospect of cash, direct them to blockchain.info to make an account, and then post links to sites giving away free coins like the faucet, fiveminutecoin.com, coinad.com, dailybitcoins.com or mycryptcoin.com etc. 
I've found blockchain, and it's associated android app childsplay to use, definitely a good one for beginners.
@_date: 2012-11-17 09:03:35
The self reinforcing relationship between verifying transactions balanced by the block reward + tx fees is an absolutely a beautiful dichotomy to have in a financial system. In some cases it even helps to mitigate attacks that may otherwise be viable since the effort is usually better spent on contributing to the system rather than harming it. It also means that holders of coins like ourselves and miners give us a vested interest in improving, securing and promoting the protocol, all thanks to the mechanics of how Bitcoins were initially distributed among those early adopters. 
It was all so fragile in the early days though. I remember in mid 2010 on the bitcointalk forum Satoshi would regularly be reporting the difficulty. He knew that in the early days that getting the hashrate up to a high enough level was a matter of make or break.  Bootstrapping the system by giving the blockrewards to the users that contributed the most hashing power was a brilliant strategy in getting the ball rolling.
Distributed verification against double spending, artificial scarcity, the design of the blockchain itself so it could be easily pruned and adapted in the future when that time came. Satoshi was gaming it every step of the way. 
@_date: 2012-09-09 03:48:34
Pseudo-anonymity is almost as good as anonymous. I think the key aspect here is Bitcoin is frictionless. It is incredibly frictionless and secure. You can be hidden on an island and you can still get paid with the most minimal communications with the outside world. Normal money is simply incapable of that. The trade off is the transactions are public. But it's also possible to plausibly deny you are the original recipient by moving coins among enough people that finding the origin becomes prohibitively difficult. 
Now admittedly this is far from foolproof and it only takes one tiny slipup to let the cat out the bag, but criminal elements are hardly known for playing it safe. Very likely people still *think* they can walk away with millions, but unknown to them, they may be constantly watched by silent, faceless, tireless entities, just waiting for that one little titbit that slips before they pounce.
tldr; Its a dumb idea to commit serious crimes with Bitcoin, they will be marked men long after they have spent the money, but there's also a lot going for it too.
@_date: 2012-09-13 15:14:29
I agree that distribution of miner capacity is definitely as important as the power of the network, no argument. But BFL is not an exclusive producer of AISC chips, and other factors such as cheap electricity costs help to minimise the effect AISCS may have. Additionally...
Unless the end game is to destroy confidence in the Bitcoin protocol, there is absolutely no purpose to flooding the market with Bitcoin enabled AISC machines. Any AISC manufacturer is making these units, not to control the Bitcoin market, (which is foolish and counterintuitive), they want to make sales to turn a profit. But even if there *WAS* a  sudden flooding of AISC units, it would not be as bad as you think, and would only be effective for 2016 blocks max, that's ~$1.1 million dollars worth of Bitcoins max. Here's the catch though, how much money did these guys *spend* to get these units? and besides, after 2016 blocks (at most mind you), the difficulty will probably go up by a factor of 4 (this is a limit on the difficulty target to avoid spikes and dips in difficulty). This is the worst case scenario. So now at most the next week it will only be a quarter of the profit. Do you see where I'm going? Some of these units cost $30k +, sure the power is cheap, but they *must* stay turned on to recoup their costs, this lo and behold will give other miners the time and opportunity to buy their own AISCs over time, so as they turn off their GPUs they'll be migrating to AISCs too. With massive profits to be made miners won't be walking away from the network, they'll be *flocking* to AISC distributors, and if you think there is only going to be one AISC distributor after BFL starts shipping, you're kidding yourself. Other distributors will see the profit margins (or are already beginning to) and will capitalise on the late comers or the ones that missed out by offering their own AISC alternatives.
If "to mount a 51% attack" is the biggest threat posed by AISCs then I doubt you understand the nature of a 51% attack, all this does is enable someone with the majority of the hashing capability to get the opportunity to rewrite and distribute a single transaction block at the end of the blockchain. They can't modify any transaction except transactions to coins they already own, and frankly if they have that hashing power their only purpose would be to destroy confidence in the Bitcoin network, the amount of money from solving blocks would be *FAR* more profitable. So, at a very rough guess, I'd say this AISC producer would need probably enough money and production capacity of a small country to produce enough AISC units to "destroy" the Bitcoin network.
If you think this really is a possibility then I'd be very interested to see if you could a make a plausible case for this scenario.
@_date: 2012-09-04 17:30:10
I get you. Really. 
However, the cynic in me says you are trying (and please excuse my vague argument) to force a flower to bloom in a florist shop. What I mean is astonishing things have occurred in the last two years. Developer support really has exploded onto the scene and I think you are overly concentrated on a few negative bits of press, the HYIPs and all. I'm not sure how long you've followed BC and forgive me if I sound uppity *but*...
Two years ago the Bitcoin landscape, development-wise, was quite simply barren. Bitcoin was a single implementation that combined a CPU miner and simple client, and I mean *really* simple. There were no lite clients, no alternative clients, no online wallets, no smart-phone apps, no GPU miners, no mining pool software, no mining pools, no escrow, **ONE** reliable exchange, no fancy graphs, no services. Nothing. It was a brave new world two years ago.
Think about that for a second, let that sink in, then compare it to NOW. 
Two years.
No-one *paid* these people to make all these things. No kickstarter projects, no grants, no wealthy benefactors, no reddit-love, nada. Hell, back then the general tone towards Bitcoin was downright *hostile*. Whats more, a very large slice of these projects were open sourced too so that others can share in the fruits of their hard effort.
Now I am in no position to force into existence the next killer BC app but I make sure I share my discoveries of new and interesting stuff that comes to light. I am passionate about Bitcoin and I will literally run my mouth off about Bitcoin to anyone that will listen :). I think the scenario you outline fits etotheipi's situation exactly. He actually raised some money (via Bitcoin funding) so he could dedicate more time to work on Armory and did raise a good chunk of money, but it was far below the goal. I am in no position to fund him directly but he deserves a hell of a lot of recognition for his efforts, as do many Bitcoin developers. I fervently want him to succeed in his contributions so since I can't contribute money I effuse about his Armory software as much as I can in the hope it gets the recognition and support it deserves. He, and others do it for the love of it and the more recognition they get, the more likely others will tip, spread the word, contribute, etc.
But Bitcoin plain and simple is money, and in our society money can be spent as we see fit. Rome was never built on money, and neither is Bitcoin going to be. People with vision and passion brought these things into existence, and in turn they surrounded themselves with more like-minded individuals. Something like this simply cannot be forced into existence by throwing more money at the problem. It is too revolutionary and rewrites too many rules about what we perceive money to be and how it is/should be used. Bitcoin doesn't need money to succeed (pardon the pun), more than anything it needs people, lots of them.
It needs **passionate people**. Early adopters have a vested interest in seeing Bitcoin succeed, and I bet you quite a few are trying to secure the value of the coins they have by recruiting more passionate people to the Bitcoin ranks, very likely they are already doing it right now. In a way many people have already been "hired" by the Bitcoin system itself (holders of 100k+ is a bit of a stretch though). Those early adopters that got a hold of the coins early, some may be sitting on quite a bit of cash though and are passionate enough that they want to ensure that money retains/rises in value. No doubt some of this is already happening.
Money can't buy passion, but we can certainly find more passionate people, and we need them right now much more than we need a whale.
@_date: 2012-09-22 14:22:38
Bitcoin: 
* A decentralised, public ledger. 
* Decentralised much the way torrents are.
* Has most of the qualities of cash, except it can be transacted digitally. Back-uppable, copiable, can be made anonymous like cash if done properly, and also able to be stolen much like a physical commodity if you aren't careful.
* Is designed to be artificially scarce similar to how gold is scarce. 
* The infrastructure and integrity is maintained by transactions fees (and "rewards" that will be slowly phased out over time) that are publicly distributed among those that maintain the infrastructure of the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2012-09-13 09:58:27
The potential for huge investment in dedicated mining equipment means means Bitcoin's hashrate security is going to be safe, but some quibble that miners will leave en masse and endanger the distributedness of Bitcoin. I call BS, since a similar scenario has already happened with CPU -&gt; GPU mining, and realistically the only thing that really changed is the difficulty skyrocketed. Mining pools did present a concern but p2pool mining has been happily operating for quite a while side by side with other mining pools.
AISC mining will mean huge security hashrate wise, and far greater dedicated mining in the long term. If there's a price drop it will simply mean Bitcoins will pass from the foolish/fearful, to stronger/wiser hands. IOW I will **definitely** buy if that happens ;). BTW AISC adopters will only make easy money short term until everyone catches up, and likely they will lose out since they'll have to front up investment money to make it happen, and AISCs aren't cheap. 
@_date: 2012-08-18 17:35:52
I agree to a very limited extent, silkroad is far, far better than dealing in a back alley, and drug use that is criminalised usually means users are then the ones that suffer rather than the grossly irresponsible suppliers, and it is logical that illegal operations will find a niche faster than more legitimate options. 
Thats why I say "with distaste" rather than utter condemnation. As a law abiding non-illegal-drug user I'm torn morally, but the evidence speaks for itself BTC is finding a drug niche and it works, and to a limited degree thats cool. What you do in your own home, as long as it doesn't adversely affect others, should be private and not interferred with by government.
I'd like to emphasise *as long as it doesn't harm others* though. Drugs, even alcohol, can ruin lives just as easily as illegal ones can, thats why alcohol is regulated so people can at least have a good time without inadvertantly killing themselves or risking their skins to aquire it, and there are systems in place to cope with addiction etc. In no way is silk road on it's own a "good", or "fantastic" thing IMO. The same approach *should* be applied to illegal drugs to keep people safe, from themselves and others.
@_date: 2012-08-15 16:30:00
Speculators of a certain calibre are fine, ironically those making a buck are actually good because they arbitrage between exchanges, have a good mind to buy and sell etc. What has worried me most are the "all in" speculators that drop their life savings, that worries and depresses the hell out of me, I don't want Bitcoin ruining people's lives because a sudden faltering of value and a panic sell makes things even worse for them and could cause ripple effects (eg. imaging someone dropping 200,000 into Bitcoin, driving the value up and causing a mini-bubble, then seeing the price crash as everyone realises it was all fake, that rattles the markets confidence and even cause the speculator to pull everything out at a loss, driving the price down etc. Too many people think (falsely) Bitcoin is a get-rich-quick scheme, it's not, it's a *high risk* investment at best. 
I worry little about depreciation because deflation will cause people to spend their bitcoins, keyesians panic that Bitcoin will fail with deflation but Bitcoin is technically not deflationary, it is neutral (if all the coins remain useable) or slightly deflationary (since noone can gauge exactly how many coins there are the market will slowly adjust to deflation). Those that lose coins don't actually affect the market since noone sees the value tangibly drop, it will always be guaged by the money circulating through visible channels like exchanges, businesses, the network etc. and deflation is not necessarily going to make people hoard, since dying rich is never the goal in life, everyone has a price point at which they say, right, time to buy that car I always wanted, or, you know what? with all these Bitcoins I can pay off my home loan or maybe even take a trip to climb mt everrest. Everyone has something they want to do with their money and only the very, very, very rich ever hoard, and even then, when they die, it usually goes to people who DO want to spend, the cycle continues... (or if the Bitcoins are lost the value is redistributed among the coins that are available to use, since less coins means those that do have them are rewarded for keeping them safe and spendable) Don't worry so much, a bitcoin market, in order to stay healthy needs to use the currency, and even if Bitcoin is (slightly) deflationary everyone's goal is to spend, if not now, eventually. :)
@_date: 2012-09-22 20:22:31
Dude, you're not helping....
What you've stated is vague and confusing. 
Too, much information, too little explanation.
Turn down the fire hose dude....
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:19:35
I agree, I also found his comment that "whenever people are free to choose" to be a very important aspect of a currency too. Since Bitcoin meets all the definitions of a currency and was freely chosen by people, not forced and intimidated into using it, I think this makes Bitcoin as a form of currency even more legitimate.
@_date: 2012-08-15 12:56:22
Yep, but it's mostly from a personal perspective. A combination of factors drove it up (mainly the newness factor, much like the dot-com bubble). It hit a few news sites and caused a sudden rush of interest, hence demand suddenly skyrocketed because everyone wanted in, the problem was *getting* bitcoins was actually quite hard. Took me a month initially to purchase some coins in the very early stages simply because payment mechanisms were almost non-existent and every deal made was potentially shady (hence mining mania was one of the major methods in getting coins initially). Mt Gox, a new but fairly but well trusted player had just signed up Dwolla as a payment processor so funds could be easily moved in/out of the exchange, fees were very cheap but clearing the funds and getting accounts verified still took a long time. This delay I feel helped heighten the fever-pitch of excitement as the price slowly rose, then as acounts and funds streamed in more easily, a backlog of frenzied buyers pushed the price up to ridiculous levels. This happened over less than 2weeks mind you, heres an article showing [dwolla's interactions with Mt Gox]( Stick these dates on a timeline and it makes perfect sense (to me at least).
Everyone got caught up in the excitement I think and were'nt really thinking in a level headed way, the value (at the time) did not justify the price rise, and the masses that flocked to Bitcoin as a get rich quick investment slowly slowly shook off their disbelief as the price started to slide and started to sell. Disastrously (for the speculators) Mt. Gox was hacked as the price was precipitously trying to retain it's value, then when the data on Mt Gox indicated a sudden plunge and shutdown I bet you can imagine every person that used Mt Gox. or had coins or money on Mt. Gox collectively shit themselves. I think for many the week and a half of downtime gave them a chance to come to their senses and calm their initial panic, then once Mt Gox. came back online the slow inexorable slide happened. This coincided with many news outlets essentially doing a backflip, as well as other unfortnate incidents of coin loss, theft, etc. 
I personally see the bubble as a blessing in disguise. Mainly because a lot of foolish speculators got scared off early, and as bitcoin users we've now seen what happens in a bubble scenario and we can recognise it when it happens the next time around. Bitcoin merchants can also draw on many abject lessons in Bitcoin security too.
@_date: 2012-07-13 16:44:12
It can work because a bitcoin user that wanted to be extra safe could spend from the small stash that is contained on the hidden volume (or another volume altogether), rather than the large one, hence your funds are insulated and it is impossible for the would-be theives to know that your smaller account was linked in any way to your larger stash, nor could they be aware that the large wallet is contained in the same truecrypt volume on a hidden area of the file. IOW move funds from your large account (stored on the hidden volume) to your spendings account (on the dummy volume), and use your spendings account for all public transactions. Voila, plausable deniability, they think they got ALL your funds but in fact only got your petty cash and have no idea your real funds are hidden on the exact same file they stole. 
@_date: 2012-08-29 10:53:17
otc likely laid down the lines of trust among a reputed network of contacts. Thus he could use that as an example of his trustworthiness. Thus deflecting suspicion, at least for long enough for other mechanisms to come into play. 
@_date: 2012-08-30 18:18:32
Yep, this is absolutely right. Just like there is no internet competitor either. Everyone is free to implement a new TCP/IP non-backwards compatible protocol. But they don't, it is exactly the same kind of situation for Bitcoin. Makes me laugh when someone naively thinks Bitcoin will be replaced like the next version of Windows or OSX. As if switching to rebuilding a brand new economy and global mindset were like reloading a level on a computer game.
@_date: 2012-12-17 02:27:14
 perhaps? It's not much but it's a start in the right direction.  actually featured quite a few sites that were selling food for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-06-14 04:20:55
A lot of this seems to be tried to Bit-instant's Charlie Shrem claiming purchases of Bitcoins made with Euros had increased dramatically. Methinks we need to see some hard numbers from this man...
@_date: 2012-06-12 07:30:26


Theres a number of factors, and not just price that can weaken the Bitcoin network.
* The number of coins circulating through exchanges, as well as the network as a whole.
* Code stability.
* The public face of Bitcoin.
* Miner decentralisation.
A thing to keep in mind is that even when the bubble burst July 2011. Miners didn't leave in [droves]( After the bust the computing capacity dropped to near half at it's peak over 6 or so months. Even at that point when the price was dipping below $2 USD the network power was still ridiculously powerful. For context, at $2, it was hovering around 100 petafolps. That in itself is 2.5 times more processing power than the top 100 supercomputer's processing power combined (if I recall it was approximately 40 petaflops of power they could've pulled). A 51% attack was only truly viable in the first 6-10 months after Bitcoin started. Once Bitcoin hit a publicly perceived tipping point hash power-wise , only then did the value truly start to take off, since only then was confidence high enough to sign coins without worrying about 51% attacks. 
Now and into the future, processing power, as well as value is the least of Bitcoin's worries. All Bitcoin really has to do now is remain useful, and stable code-wise. 
One real worry is miner diversity. With the advent of GPU based mining, and mining pools, many miners are centralised mining points that can fail, be pulled offline, or manipulated for political purposes. DDOS attacks have shown to be effective at temporarily pulling mining pools offline (though most miners have strategies to minimise this nowadays), and with changes to Bitcoin's core protocol, (such as implementation of multisignature transactions), miners have shown their darker sides since it took close to a year for miners to be convinced to switch to an agreed upon implementation. P2Pool is an alternative designed to mitigate that and has been largely successful at functionally replacing centralised mining pools. 
Even with that said, difficulty changes once every 2000 or so blocks and that takes about 2 weeks to re-adjust difficulty. Knocking out mining pools would have to be hugely successful, but doing so only means blocks solved takes longer, hence giving the network more opportunity to recover, or having the slack filled by other miners that see the opportunity for a quick buck.
If you really want to wrangle on a "value" I felt confident, yet cautious (simply because Bitcoin was still new back then) at buying Bitcoins when they were several cents a coin. At that time I bought a few coins with a fair degree of confidence that a 51% attack was not at all likely. You've also got to remember that, as the price of Bitcoins goes down, so does the incentive to attack the network. Virus writers and wallet stealers only reared their heads when it became profitable to do so.
tldr; Miner centralisation, and the public face of Bitcoin are greater worries than the hashing power of the network. But even these problems are minor.
@_date: 2012-07-03 03:44:05
The block limit is an arbitrary limit imposed by the developers, it is not protocol specific. Just like transactions carry a minimum fee to reduce transaction spamming. These limits (like the minimum transaction fee) can be raised by any developer, and I know for a fact one or two people have released Bitcoin versions that are transaction fee-less (which is quite stupid IMO). Bitcoin miners will accept any block that has an acceptable hash, but even miners see the sense in gradual growth. Everyone concerned with stability in the Bitcoin protocol wants it to grow, and grow steadily, not in huge fits and starts. When the growth facilitates raising limits, they will be raised. This way developers at least a have a small amount of control while the Bitcoin network is essentially in a live stress-test. Remember, none of the developers can be 100% certain the Bitcoin network can handle the strain of massive transaction blocks (though every indication says it can), this is just prudence on their part.
@_date: 2012-09-17 09:50:30




Yes this is exactly the case. Hashing blocks is a constant race, and it is also based on probability. You simply can't sit on the sidelines and hash blocks to your hearts content, you must essentially burn the candle at both ends, you need to keep making blocks to keep pace with the rest of the network, AND you must rush to find X number of blocks to replace the X number of blocks at the end of the blockchain that you want to rewrite. What's more they need to be broadcast as soon as possible and accepted otherwise people will see the anomaly, eg. 12+ blocks released in a 10min window is hugely suspicious, miners, developers and the Bitcoin community are extremely sharp on blockchain anomalies, mystery miner being a good example [[1]]( [[2]]( [[3]]( If you are simply trying to out-lengthen the existing blockchain, then that is simply trying to force a hard fork. All transactions before the fork are still valid and reliable, but everything after is bad. This is recoverable, however, a rewritten blockchain is like poisoning the well, no-one can reliably say whether any transaction in the blockchain was fraudulent or valid, Bitcoin is dead in the water then. But even if you give yourself a head start, then unleash the blockchain when you are satisfied it is long enough, it is definitely a hard fork, and it will be incredibly obvious. The longer you spend waiting to unleash your hard fork the more obvious it is and less likely miners and nodes will accept it. Even in this situation there are numerous contingencies being discussed, such as only accepting a longer blockchain if the block is recent and only accepting longer blockchains when the length falls within certain limits.
Hard forks are definitely possible, but the effects are drastically different to rewriting the blockchain. Rewriting the blockchain means it is incredibly difficult to know when the blockchain got destabilised, it also means transactions can be "faked", this would completely throw into question the security of transactions in the blockchain and quickly render the security of transactions useless. The effects of a hard fork, though possible, are obvious and can be detected in the blockchain far, far easier. Verifying transactions will be slower, &gt;50% of new money and or fees will go to the mining king with 50%+ hashing power, but the network will still run and existing transactions (even after the fork, to a certain extent) will still be secure (though I'm guessing a blockchain rewind and extra contingencies would still be implemented to avoid this rather than carry on as usual). An interesting scenario, but still incredibly unlikely.


Too many people are watching the blockchain for this to be snuck in. It would be a hard fork and it would be obvious within an hour or two, it would also be recoverable and there are contingencies being discussed and may have already been implemented (I'm not entirely sure since I'm not a developer but discussions on the forums have been brainstorming solutions to these scenarios) to mitigate or at least make less likely the possibility that this could occur.
@_date: 2012-06-15 03:25:08
I currently use spendbitcoins.com, before that I mined and brought through the mail (a year ago was very nerve-wracking, it literally took 3+ weeks to buy Bitcoins with cash through the mail!). Spendcoins IS expensive though, they shave a 35% fee off the top of each coin but it's one of the cheapest, easiest and fastest ways to get coins. No account's, no verifying identity, no bullshit. I'm willing to pay a premium for that type of service when all the others are generally much more of a hassle.
@_date: 2012-08-22 06:36:55
Scams are rife in every currency on the planet, BTC should be no exception. I was *much* more worried about thefts, but nowadays people that hold coins or use BTC based services are starting to handle them in a much smarter manner, so that is heartening. 
Obviously people need to be careful when doing business, as with any currency, you should know who you are dealing with, and trust needs to be earned in business dealings, never assumed.
**Bitcoin doesn't magically make every business dealing legit and trustworthy.** What we're seeing is just a lot of Bitcoin users volunteer themselves as abject lessons for the rest of the community (sorry if I sound harsh, but people really need to learn this).
@_date: 2012-08-25 16:30:09
All I know is it's quiet, too quiet. I've watched a number of forums, r/bitcoin all week, only a few shills have come forth. It's quiet like many people are puckering up and are afraid to call pirate out, lest they be "put at the back of the list", while the rest of the world moves on.
I expect the point of no return is Monday. Monday makes all other statements made by pirate void without a doubt, AFAIK he's had a flawless record up to now, so faltering now essentially means the trap is already closed. He's a hunted, (and rich) man then.
tldr; Monday, many will continue to deceive themselves, but the rest of the world will know definitively. Monday.
@_date: 2012-12-10 10:17:34
I find this telling comment in the article says it all. Chris's other venture Prosper "never lived up to the initial hype". Another P2P lending platform he was CEO of got in trouble with the SEC and from his own mouth, [he bails as soon as it achieves some sort of success]( I quote,  ' "I've been [leading Prosper] for seven years, and I think my talents are in the early part of starting companies and getting them to where the model and product is proven," Larsen says.' 
I'll be watching, definitely, but I can see this man will put money ahead of security any day of the week. Big red flag in my book.
@_date: 2012-07-02 12:45:18
Using Bitcoin, and NOT just spending will help solidify it's value as a  currency as well as encouraging others to use the currency. Speculation definitely has it's place in the Bitcoin economy though, now and earlier in the life of Bitcoin speculation could, and has, damaged the value more than anything, but speculation is here to stay. What is really needed for speculators is ways to speculate at lesser risk, ie. a service providing short selling which until recently Bitcoinica provided. This would (and has in the past) protect regular user's Bitcoin value over a longer period and mean people are more comfortable holding onto Bitcoins for longer periods without feeling the value of their Bitcoin are at risk.
Bitcoin excels in many areas where conventional currencies just don't even come close, most notably, near instant transfer of value (any value), no possibility of chargebacks, and highly divisible. Gold only fills the no chargeback niche, regular digital money is practically chargeback on demand, and every time a transfer is made in either, middlemen take a nice large cut  for profit and to cover potential loss, so developing services that takes advantage of these very positive and Bitcoin only traits, fast transfer, chargebackless, and high divisibility is where it has no competition whatsoever. 
Microtransactions, and being able to transmit all over the world at ridiculously low cost is where Bitcoin is really at. Any MMO, or any online service for that matter, where fractions of a cent constitutes the whole transaction can actually be made profitable. Also any online service that handles digital products or services would see Bitcoin as a huge boon. 
Online merchants that deal in digital goods/services worldwide and/or want to take advantage of microtransactions would find incomparable advantages in using Bitcoin. So structuring a business around that transaction model, or appealing to existing businesses that fit these niches will definitely spur greater adoption of Bitcoin. Users that shop online will definitely see the advantages of waiting minimal time to get what they pay for using Bitcoin.
MMOs, online gambling, porn on demand (eg. cam sites), music/movies, VPN services, e-books, subscription-based services, sending money to friends/family in another country, practically any service/good that is digital in nature and can be quickly/easily transmitted to the customer would mesh incredibly well with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-07-10 19:17:06
Funnily that is very likely to be true, but the real brain burner is, will it double before, or after the halving ;P . That is what everyone is salivating over. 
What's more, everything that happens now is simply posturing, only when it is two weeks out, when blockchain difficulty is adjusted in it's regular two week difficulty, and supply suddenly halves, only then will the ultimate result be known. 
No-one really knows whether human psychology will prefer early hedging (which means the early wait and see approach, and ultimately a rise in price as people realise what they've missed), or optimism (which means the early buy, buy, buy! approach, and ultimately a drop in price as people realise they've overreached). 
I personally believe after all I've seen with peoples scepticism (and there has been a shit-load of it) we're gonna see prices spike after the halving  and not before, even though relatively speaking it will definitely rise. People are generally conservative. Big money is (IMO) still not convinced the Bitcoin idea is gonna float. But that's OK with me, I want the general populace to win from this, not the same instituted systems...
But that depends on many factors, confidence, lack of competitors, lack of bad Bitcoin related scams/news, degrading confidence in existing economic systems etc.
@_date: 2012-07-01 07:48:24
Fall 2013 - $4.00
Fall 2014 - $2.00
Fall 2015 - $1.00
@_date: 2012-09-14 03:33:22




This is true, but a 51% attack only applies to the most recent block. To out create blocks they would have to double up their hashing power for each further block they want to rewrite. And yes they could take money away from other people, but the resources needed are ridiculous. It would likely require international inter-governmental cooperation, and unless they were poised to roll out 100,000 plus AISC units with the specific purpose of destroying the Bitcoin network right now, I'd say all this is at best idle musings. In this kind of climate it is simply not a credible threat.
@_date: 2012-06-14 03:39:38
The walls definitely hung around after Bitcoinica switched off, so it probably wasn't related to their operations. My gut tells me there was a secret manipulator, but not exactly the bad kind, he/she/they actually helped prevent the price spiking and slumping for a very long time, I think it also calmed alot of people's nerves too after Bitcoinica went away. I expected significant instability soon after, but the confidence in the buyers and sellers at the 5.15 price point didn't budge.
@_date: 2012-09-22 04:14:26
Your approach to Bitcoin is laudable. Thanks for not riding the hyperbole bandwagon that many seem to ride when they discover Bitcoin. I'd still recommend you keep you skeptic hat on though. Nothing is assured with the future performance of Bitcoin, though time has shown that confidence is growing in this little fledgling currency.
Transacting in Bitcoin and converting to fiat is a good start. Many merchants are doing it this way via Bitpay. Soon, with Bit Instant's Bitcoin based debit card, it will lower the barrier to entry massively, while still not risking people's money, simply pay in Bitcoin to the address on the card, and poof! cash is credited to your account. 
@_date: 2012-08-20 02:20:40
MM definitely missed out on some cut of the transaction fees so frankly they cut themselves off at the knees. Adding transactions to a block was trivial at best and I find it unrealistic that there was any significant advantage. If they were a botnet they actually made it easier to zero-in on the source of where the transactions were coming from. All round it wasn't very smart, drew attention to their actrivities, and they lost money in the process. They also potentially destabilised the network by slowing it down, this could have reduced confidence in the Bitcoin protocol, resulting in their bitcoins being worth less. Very dumb.
Btw. Is mystery miner still up to it's old tricks? Haven't heard anything about it for a while.
@_date: 2012-09-05 06:29:46
You definitely need a full and up to date blockchain. But from what you are saying I wouldn't worry.
Blockchain.info is a good indicator of where your funds actually are. Indeed, if the client is still syncing then you will need the blockchain fully downloaded before you can verify your funds are received, I think it's pretty safe to assume you've got your funds though.
@_date: 2012-07-03 19:15:03
Just so we're clear I'm not being sarcastic when I say this. I love the healthy skepticism in r/bitcoin. People seriously need to stop conflating the state of Bitcoin value, it is what it is, and frankly what it is RIGHT NOW is frigging fantastic, It's value doesn't need to inflate to the moon, it is useful in so many ways right now, and that is seriously enough for people to effuse about on it's own.
Everyone that promotes the value of Bitcoin going up is just in it for a quick buck. Any person that reads this needs to be level headed, Bitcoin is NOT a stock, and frankly Bitcoin is incredibly volatile, even now. Your odds on a return are better at a casino, seriously.
tldr; This link is mindless propaganda to drive up the price, fuck people that do this.
@_date: 2012-12-20 07:34:11
I would argue this only gives you a very limited degree of anonymity. Tor only hides which machine the transaction originated from. If a company has recorded your identity which is linked to an address, and you have spent coins doing something illegal elsewhere using the same address, then authorities will be able to link your spending to the same address. But your identity is only compromised if they can find out where you spent the coins legitimately with whatever company, subpoena that company for your details, then charge you/extradite you appropriately. Tor doesn't protect against this.
This is just as applicable however for hackers trying to weasel out your identity or big government cracking down on free speech via campaign contributions etc. To make yourself more anonymous, always use new addresses to receive funds and if applicable to the client, always send your change from transactions you send to a new address in random order to obfuscate who is the sender and receiver. As it currently stands, Bitcoin is still pretty damn anonymous, but this really depends on the users being at least somewhat proactive about their anonymity.
To be super anonymous, never publicly publish addresses you use, limit as much as possible, links between any identifying information, and funds you spend, make sure you use a new address every single time you receive new funds (same goes for when receiving change), and use the Tor network to broadcast your signed transactions. If you do all this, then yes, you can be "anonymous".
@_date: 2012-07-11 04:48:27
[Armory]( Never feel paranoid again :) . Does completely safe offline transactions without ever letting your coins touch an internet connection. There is absolutely no need to be scared shitless ;)
@_date: 2012-11-05 13:03:50


People can get jailtime for downloading copyrighted files, enormous fines. Yet people are still doing it. The world is filled with rife drug taking, trafficking and production, yet people are still doing it. What then you ask? :D
On a more serious note. Enforcement and illegality go hand in hand, making transacting a heinous crime would be like blaming geologists for not predicting and unpredictable earthquake that caused the deaths of citizens, if it can't be proven to have occurred, how exactly do you enforce it, where's the proof it ever happened? If the transactions cannot be verified to have occurred on sovereign soil how can you state a crime has taken place? If the person has a brain wallet and has never demonstrated they hold 1 million dollars in Bitcoin money how can you detain them at the border for illegal importation of funds? 
Enforcing this would be like pinning diarrhoea to a wall without spilling a drop. Smart governments will at least try and get in on the action. Stupid governments will paralyse themselves with hysteria, paranoia and ultimately they will be the ones left behind. 
Case in point, America's criminalisation of drugs has been an utter disaster. Portugal's de-criminalisation of drugs has been a textbook example that other countries will likely follow suit.
@_date: 2012-08-19 18:00:14


True, I considered that, but it very well could be that Mt Gox has no idea if pirate is the one selling, you've got to remember this is all based on speculation that pirate is indeed the one doing all the selling, for all we know he is using another person as a proxy, hiding behind a registered company, etc. It is not 100% certain pirate is doing this directly and so Mt Gox may not be able to connect the big seller with pirate conclusively unless a thorough audit of the seller's identity is done, and that would only likely occur if there were proper grounds to do so. Mt Gox also pointed out during the last Bitcoinica hack that limits can be raised and Companies are legal entities that can trade on Mt Gox. A company can have no limits on withdrawals, so, register a company under another person's credentials, use it to do al the trading, pirate keeps the info off the books and uses bitcoins to move funds between the BS&amp;T entity and the shadow trading entity. Additionally, Pirate has made efforts to only identify himself to his investors, and part of that reason may be to make sure other people don't know much about him so he can work in other ways without being watched.
As far as price is concerned, if the price is pushed down to $5 the investors will have definitely lost since they were powerless to spend their coins at the $15 high. I don't know about you but if pirate is indeed the power player, he has in fact "stolen" $10 of value from their coins if the price gets bumped down to $5. If the investors had done nothing, their coins would never have suddenly deflated in value because of pirates machinations, worse still, pirate is likely using *their* coins to help make the value of their coins plummmet. Thats a punch in the face if ever I saw one.
Edit: spelling, logic.
@_date: 2012-06-16 02:54:53
I commented on a similar thread recently on the same [question. ]( Largely my opinion hasn't changed since I commented then, but up until recently theres been very high BUY and SELL orders stabilising the price. Just in the last 24 hours I saw a sell wall at 6.00 that would've required 100,000 dollars in Bitcoin trades suddenly disappear. This spike in price intuitively implies those orders were never filled and the pressure from buyers spilled over to other orders above 6.0 . Things are getting interesting for Bitcoin and many good things are beginning to work in Bitcoin's favor, especially people actually using Bitcoin to buy goods and services. As well as being used for porn, drugs, gambling, y'know, all of society's staples ;).
@_date: 2012-09-02 13:06:07
Debt's only useful purpose is to help stimulate growth, which is shady at best since it gives the money to the richest in the hope it will somehow filter down and get to where it is needed/do the most good, which is wishful thinking at best. It is also notorious for booms and busts, because suits in skyscrapers, for the most part are clueless when it comes to managing monetary policy, so instead they just look after their mates, the banks, and let everyone else pick up the pieces, great system you're got there. 
What current economies lack is an accounting. Governments have not been able to control monetary policy for many, many decades. Only the fed can, and the fed answers to noone. The people can't fire the fed, but if Government handled monetary policy the people could certainly hold the government accountable.
@_date: 2012-12-18 15:44:49
It should be added that every client is preprogrammed/synced to perform these functions at the same block height too. This is how difficulty can be collectively agreed upon, as well as block rewards. Initially this was decided by Satoshi, it was an arbitrary thing, AFAIK he tried to make safe assumptions about block rewards, difficulty syncings, and block creation. We, as miners/users decided, "Yep those rules sound good", and started using Bitcoin, so essentially, ALL users/miners decided these were going to be the rules of how Bitcoin functioned. 
@_date: 2012-06-26 18:05:18
Your Bitcoin skills are [WEAK]( Try again.
@_date: 2012-07-11 05:11:06
Using an online wallet like blockchain.info is good for multiple authentication methods, you can use 2-factor, google authenticator, or even yubikeys to approve trransactions made online. 
Depending on you technical knowhow, making an offline paper wallet, as well as multiple offline backups is good for your savings wallet. For some encrypting the wallet and sending it to a public repository means its always accesible too. Electrum allows deterministic wallet generation based on a seed which is a string of words so wallets can be easily regenerated from scratch too, also referred to as "brain wallets". 
For the more computer savy there is [Armory]( (my personal favourite), which does paper wallets, offline transactions, watching only wallets, (essentially means it will copy the public keys to a file that can be used with an online version of armory just so that you can watch your funds, no spending) and allows management of multiple wallets as well as other little nifty tricks. Great for managing, watching and spending large funds.
Getting any significant number of coins either entirely disconnected or uner multiple levels of authentication is really the only way to be secure. I personally don't condone "brain wallets" because it means people have a central point of failure, brain wallets don't stand a chance against rubber hose hacking.
Truecrypt is excellent for keeping coins secure but fiddly when it comes to a windows machine, in linux, just set up a symbolic link from /home/user/.bitcoin to the folder holding the truecrypt volume. No worries. Windows on the other hand doesn't make it easy to do that, but something similar can be done. Using a linux live-cd to boot up a machine on the go and another usb stick with your wallet could be an option. As far as being safe is concerned, it checks most of the important boxes, but you still need to do a fresh boot and carry around usb drives but definitely secure, cheap and do-able, just not necessarily easy.
@_date: 2012-09-10 19:10:11
Um, wow. Um.... You're welcome? :)
Sorry, a bit taken aback. Um, any further queries are more than welcome... I'm not a Bitcoin developer but I'm fairly well read on the fundamentals of the Bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2012-12-12 02:07:54




Wow, that made me lol. If true, that does put things into context then. I haven't been to the main page for many a month so I will have to believe you. Nice to see people running the site are listening and responding.


Something in bold with a few stars around it would probably get the message through I'd think. ;)
@_date: 2012-11-10 09:23:06
Maybe I'm missing something here, but what exactly links the person Michael Brown to the username KnightMB on the Bitcointalk forum? Other than the last two characters of KnightMB's username that is.
@_date: 2012-07-10 12:55:50
There is a market subreddit, 2xmining subreddits, 2(!)xstripping for Bitcoins subreddits, as well as MtGox's own subreddit. On a daily basis I see several questions just from people wanting to satisfy their curiosity, and the same questions get asked multiple times. This clogs r/Bitcoin with reposted questions. And frankly, r/Bitcoin redditors are just as likely to reply with snark rather than be helpful. I'll repost questions onto r/Bitcoinhelp if people want the fuller exposure on r/Bitcoin, but at least this way this info can be kept in a more relevant area and won't end up being buried.
Who knows, maybe I'm being premature, we'll see :) .
Edit: I meant market not speculation..
@_date: 2012-06-16 14:13:19
All properties of money have these traits if they are to be considered a tradeable currency:
*Fungible, that is one unit of currency is no different than any other same valued unit from the came currency.
*Non-consumable, essentially meaning it is not a commodity that has an intrinsic value for another purpose, ie oil has an inherent use, and would be better used to it's value as a fuel rather than a currency.
and lastly,
*Scarce. 
Unlike most other currencies, Bitcoin is designed to be scarce, hence speculation of value rising as its demand increases, or as it becomes more widely used are entirely plausible statements. Most, if not all other currencies can be inflated and devalued under everyone's noses. Consider this, maybe it's not that Bitcoin is going up, but in fact that all other currencies are going down. 
Bitcoin is not that much different than other currencies, it can meet all the same properties of a currency just as well, plus it is scarce, and it also has no central issuer. All Bitcoin really need to do to function as a currency now is remain useful, value stems from usefulness regardless of your nonsensical naysaying. Frankly your Bitcoin negativity is something I'm more accustomed to seeing on bitcointalk.com, at least when 4chan got wind of the currency and started trolling the forum, nigh on continuously for a year. 








Yeah, you smell less of someone trying to get answers or concerned for the wellbeing of others and more of someone looking for an intellectual stoush. Good luck with that.
@_date: 2012-06-21 04:39:23


Thats what everyone thought as it picked up past 5 dollars the first time (in June 2011). Buying a bit and having fun with the price is pretty cool I'll admit but don't get greedy. Some people have gotten burnt badly. I recall reading someone bought $3000 of Bitcoin with their savings when they were $12 each. He is still waiting for the price to go up I think. 
Have fun with it, tell people about them, use them, hoard them, but be assured if the price has gone up, it is just as certain that the price will go down.
@_date: 2012-08-21 11:59:02
The market has suddenly been saturated with coins, unless the same person that dumped recently does so again, or another player with a substantial amount cashes out, yes we've reached the "floor" as you put it. But this does not guarantee the value will not go lower, just that people's demands for coins has been met for the moment and others with holdings of coins are confident in the value of the coins they already hold. The best you can do to explain the current value is that the market has reached an equilibrium for the moment. You can't "quantify" the current value, since a lot of this is based around buyer's and seller's psychological state. If we could quantify it then it's not really a free market.
@_date: 2012-12-17 01:58:45
Ah the good 'ol moving the goalposts argument, since one argument didn't hold up they fell back on another. I think the best way to get your friend's attention is, go to the Bitcoinstore.com, buy a nice shiny laptop. Then when they ask where you got it, just tell them you bought it entirely with Bitcoin. 
People tend to shut up when they see real tangible gains in front of their eyes. I know for me, I had to actually USE Bitcoin a few times before I could really confirm, even to myself, "yeah, this shit is legit". I'm afraid your friend is going to continue to baulk, the harder you try. Start leading by example, show them it works and works well for you. I don't harp on about Bitcoin anymore, but if something Bitcoin related goes on in my life I drop a few comments about it and move on, they can have their toy money if they really want it.
@_date: 2012-11-10 11:30:38
Good eye. Also found reference in the warrant they were seizing any material that used the pseudonym knightmb.
I feel I must put on my pessimist hat here and say that the evidence related to an email used for paypal funds and the handle on the bitcointalk forum is not necessarily indicative of a connection. Other people could use the knightmb handle on any email server/forum/chatroom/etc. this in no way makes it definitive that this guy is the knightmb on the bitcointalk forum.
I'm just saying we shouldn't count our chickens before they hatch ..... or start with the pitchfork sharpening ..... or start with the tar and feathering .... or start with any other disproportional reaction for that matter. 
@_date: 2012-08-23 04:24:04
I won't change my opinion until he returns every satoshi. If he does fulfil every obligation I will be impressed, but no apology will be entered into. The guy is a douche and a manipulator of the highest order (the guy acts and talks like he thinks he's a demi-god ffs). Never would I consider this guy's activities trustable or legit in any fashion, unless he ACTUALLY showed us the numbers. No legit business would be allowed to operate the way he does. Oh yeah, and I bet he isn't paying any taxes on all these insane "profits" either. You think about that for a second. If he pulls it off he will probably trigger a mass of copycat ponzis to maximise on the positivity of such investments. 
@_date: 2012-09-02 11:35:39
Inflation is a part of debt based currency, which is what the economies of today were seeded from. What's more, controls on inflation and interest rates was passed to "impartial" independent organisations known as the federal reserve. Bitcoin was never seeded from debt. It is an independent currency that has no ties to any other foreign currency or economy. It passes financial responsibility onto the market and those that hold Bitcoins. It is indeed a brave new world but it is sending a very clear message that we need to take personal responsibility for our actions and decisions, not cry to mommy when we make stupid choices. Inflation and interest was largely hooked into the world's economies because rich people (IOW banks and businesses) were making shitty investments and or manipulating the stock markets which caused massive economy crippling crashes. Inflation was implemented to centrally, and independently "cushion the blow" as it were to avoid serious crashes in the future by bailing out companies and banks that became "victim" of those that sent them to the wall, (whether it be their own stupid mistakes, or the mistakes of others). 
tldr; rich people fucked the economies of the world up, so instead of making an example of them, they'd simply patch things up, slap them on the wrist and bail out the "vitcims",  that being the big banks and businesses.
@_date: 2012-11-17 14:17:57
Yep funnily enough that has already happened to one or two copycat currencies (though it was claimed they were actually scams), thats why I wonder if any other similarly designed cryptocurrency could possibly get off the ground, unless they piggyback the existing blockchain somehow.
A lot of people harp and pine for a bitcoin 2.0, which is IMO patently absurd. Aside from the fact that I think the Bitcoin protocol is much more fundamental like TCP/IP, rather than a new flavour of browser, the fact of the matter is starting from scratch is plagued with potential malicious activity that could disrupt it very easily in it's early beginnings (though litecoin, a poor cousin alternative, seems to still be chugging along). Much of Bitcoin's emergence depended on it's obscurity and the fact that so few people considered it a real threat. Satoshi was very right to have been concerned about the difficulty in the real early stages. It was obvious he was leaving nothing to chance though.
Satoshi was certainly gaming it and leveraging human nature, cryptographic security and markets to a wonderfully fine tuned degree, but timing the release as the GFC was unfolding is probably what gave Bitcoin the lift it needed to keep it afloat so that it could increase it's hashrate so that it became reasonably secure to reliably use. But he didn't just leverage greed, he leveraged discontent. He also made a laughably simple to use client so anyone could get started immediately using Bitcoins.
No symbiosis there, just gaming it all the way ;) at the time I honestly believe Satoshi worked tirelessly to give Bitcoin the absolute best possible chance at success. The guy was ego-less, really helpful, and a perfectionist too, I couldn't help but admire that.
@_date: 2012-06-25 07:27:20
No probs. Be sure to back up your wallet and or encrypt it to keep it safe, esp if it has more than a few Bitcoins in it. Happy Bitcoining!
@_date: 2012-09-11 14:31:15
Took the words out of my mouth. I always was vexed as to how the community could measure Bitcoin adoption. It's great to see Bitpay releasing this info.
@_date: 2012-09-22 13:08:24
Doesn't matter how much or little it is, debt is debt, and the fact is America is looking less and less likely they will be able to pay it back, their downgrading of the their credit rating being a perfect example of that. Denial can be very ugly, so much so the fed is permanently paralysed by the "we can still fix this" mindset.
It could very well trigger a collapse, and the more the fed "loans" to the American government, the deeper and harder it will be to get out of that debt hole.
@_date: 2012-08-25 15:53:07
Because the content is lame, and is potentially pushing down somewhat interesting Bitcoin events.
@_date: 2012-07-03 13:02:57
One more thing to note if using spendbitcoins.com to buy, is when you place your order you must hand the cash over to the nominated bank within four hours of the order being placed. And keep in mind there is a 10% fee, it's certainly a sting to have a fee so high but the service is easy, fast and reliable. I've personally used them a number of times, and their service was excellent. Good luck.
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:56:13
One I read in the white paper was spamming full blocks to block LN settlement. Essentially, if a lightning transaction's refund transaction becomes valid before the transactions already made are broadcast and included in a block, then it could be possible to double spend all the transactions sent to one of these hubs by preventing the most recent transaction and creating a window of opportunity for the refund transaction to slip in. I'm not sure how useful or effective it would be for the attacker, but if it worked, it could cause a great deal of chaos as hubs would could be rendered useless, or at least unreliable and people that use lightning could lose out big time. It could also reduce the usefulness of using lightning transactions as funds would need to be locked longer, and settlement would need to happen sooner (and more often) in order to avoid the refund transaction window of opportunity. Letting blocks get over-full is a really bad idea if lightning becomes widely used and simply reinforces the importance of miners being able to build large blocks in order to disincentivise these types of attacks. We've seen how easy it is to spam the network with tens of thousands of transactions, and miners are helpless to clear them all when necessary. This is what artificial limits do, it distorts the needs of miners and users by preventing them from finding an agreed middle ground and creates brand new problems.
@_date: 2012-12-25 03:53:20
[Chaikin money flow]( if I understand it correctly, gives a higher value if the market closes on higher volume at a higher sell price and lower for lower volume at a lower sell price. 
If the fluctuations are further apart I'd say that means we are looking at less erratic market movements. If I were to sum it up in one sentence I'd say:
The Chaikin numbers are indicating Bitcoin value is becoming much more stable.
Whats more, most of the data in the last year has been in the positive, that would likely mean greater stability, and also much more growth in value rather than contraction. Both very good things for Bitcoin.
I'm an amateur at this stuff though so if someone else has a better interpretation I'm all ears.
@_date: 2012-08-20 08:02:48
sorry, wasn't sure about that since I've visited a couple times and each time had no coins. Good to know someone is still stoking the fires ;)
@_date: 2012-08-11 18:37:41
This very subject has ben re-hashed many, many times. No It will not work, no the majority does not support such a change, nor will it ever. Please drop the subject ffs.
@_date: 2012-09-10 07:20:02
You sir, have my upvote.
@_date: 2012-11-04 12:54:10
If the private keys in the wallet.dat file are offline then it is generally pretty safe. Just a heads up though, be **VERY** careful about backups, one person recently lost 8k BTC due to an unencrypted backup from way back still floating around, and bitfloor suffered a similar fate under similar circumstances. Securely delete any and all backups that reside on any medium that is connected to the internet in any way. 
An excellent way of managing your funds offline is to use armory. I've used it on a dedicated offline machine to prepare offline transactions that are safely broadcast on my online machine very easily.
Regarding Mt. Gox, this is a fools way of storing coins, Mt. Gox was never intended to be your personal coin repository and shouldn't be treated as such. WAY too many people have been losing their funds there simply because their own machine's security has been compromised in some way. I think it's mainly the laziness factor, and I guess in their books, ease of use trumps security. Quite a few are beginning to realise this is a bad, bad idea. 
@_date: 2012-08-15 17:28:09
I'm more or less in the same boat :). I honestly think the whole financial system is backward and Bitcoin is going to be one of those equalisers much like filesharing, publishing, communication, etc. Finance underpins all of these endeavours so I see Bitcoin, or it and other incarnations, reforming not just the finance industry, but everything the financial industry underpins. Decentralised protocols simply can't be eradicated. Torrents have proven that. (oh look, I just recieved 0.00016 BTC while writing this ;D ) After all these years watching, reading, understanding not just Bitcoin, but finance in general, I've come to the realisation that Bitcoin can and very likely at this rate, will fix one of the hugest problems of all, and that is lifting the veil of secrecy surrounding the financial industry. They whole way of keyesian economics is utter evil, it keeps the rich ultra, rich, and ensures the poor remain poor, Bitcoin has shown me finance can work differently, and it is very likely everyone has been duped into thinking the current financial system is the best way of doing things. I believe Bitcoin really is capable of changing the world. I hope I'm not being too melodramatic :).
@_date: 2012-12-24 02:00:40
Ah those were the days ;)
@_date: 2012-12-11 06:07:59
I see, thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2012-09-07 03:42:30
I'm pretty sure it's because people do not appreciate or the value the form Bitcoin money takes. Everyone is used to reversals on the internet, like internet banking, paypal and such. As such they feel satisfied with the protections they have since there are other safety nets behind the scenes. Scammer gets your money? Cancel the transaction. Paypal account hacked? Here let us reverse that for you. Credit card lost or stolen? No worries we'll cancel that for you, and issue you a new one.
Bitcoin is none of this. Bitcoin is far closer in nature to physical cash than it is digital money. You don't see people showing off their cash in transparent wallets, no-one leaves their cash sitting on a counter while they go to the bathroom right? No-one blabs about how much cash is in their house right? **Why do you think businesses take cash off their premises at the end of the work day??**
It's because once it's gone, it's **gone**, and when people know you have it they will try to steal it. Traditional digital money insulates users from these big bad meanies with a nice comfy blanky. They also have complete control of your assets and can leave you destitute in a heartbeat.
People need to start giving Bitcoin the care and respect it deserves. You simply, **cannot** handle it like normal digital currency. You keep it hidden, you keep it encrypted, and whenever you use it you make absolutely sure the device you use is clean and secure. It is your **sole, personal responsibility** to keep your assets secure now, no blanky, no-one cooing you to sleep telling you its all gonna be ok. Bitcoin has the very powerful attributes of digital currency coupled with all the benefits and vulnerabilities of cash. This type of money is completely new and revolutionary and simply couldn't exist in any other form, so be careful with your Bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-07-07 13:00:09
Just goes to show that childishness doesn't stop at puberty... 
If this pirate person was legit on his/her claims then why not be transparent about the whole thing? Where is the 7% coming from, and where is the evidence showing he can deliver? It's obvious by the posturing, poker-facing and baiting, this guy is not on the level. If he can deliver he obviously wants to hold some kind of advantage by not revealing everything. If he can't he's taking everyone for a ride. Either way its a very high risk "investment".
Taking the bet is obviously to show he can deliver and firm up confidence he will stick around to collect. That 5k pales in comparison to what others are pretty sure he is holding though. As I read, theres a very strong chance he has tens of thousands of coins. The bet could very well be a stalling tactic.
People really don't seem to remember the mybitcoin scam very well. Unbelievable what people are willing to risk for a quick buck.
@_date: 2012-06-21 04:33:28
As someone that has watched the price go from almost nothing to meteoric, to less than two dollars and up again. Don't do it. Your odds are as good if not better by taking the money you'd buy the Bitcoins with, going to the roulette table at a casino and betting all on red. Never invest more than you are willing to lose, ever.
@_date: 2012-12-12 02:50:40
Depends on the kind of attacks. In your case keyloggers may still be able to scoop your passphrases so be leery of using your wallet on strange machines. Ideally store them offline, sign transactions offline, then broadcast them online. That way is pretty much the only way to be 100% secure. 
@_date: 2012-08-27 09:14:48
Theoretically it is possible but practically, if a new system/network/protocol were to unseat Bitcoin, even at this early stage it would likely have to be as disruptive to Bitcoin, as Bitcoin is to the current financial system. It took well over a decade for the Internet to be integratred into the mainstream, and even though it is three years in, Bitcoin is still in the early stages, the leadtime for any disruptive technology entering the mainstream is around a decade according to some people and I believe Bitcoin will be no different. If a new system were to unseat Bitcoin, expect at least the same lead time. Adoption would probably be slower as well, considering Bitcoin would still be around as a competitor. A new digital currency would  put everyone at square one and efforts would be divided among those trying to maintain the current financial system, Bitcoin, and the new competitor. Truth be told, there was a string of alternatives that were spawned from the Bitcoin software early on to either disrupt, usurp, or provide legitimate alternatives, IO Coin, Solid Coin, IX Coin, Coiled coin, Namecoin. All but Namecoin survived, albeit slightly. So to answer your question, nope, it's already been tried, and to do so at this stage is largely futile and pointless since anyone that believes in a decentralised, valued and useful currency is going to bet on the fastest horse out the gate (and an incredibly useful and robust horse at that no less). 
tldr; If someone created another type of Bitcoin system it would likely fail. 
@_date: 2012-11-18 15:24:56
"Bitcoinica"  is ringing loud in my ears ATM, not just in nature but also in this site's future. 
I'm sick of these get rich sites. Enough with the gambling, trading, investing, pissing money against the wall card-board-cutout carney crap.
I want to SPEND my Bitcoins on STUFF I WANT! Legal stuff! Tangible stuff! Useful stuff! Why do sooooooo many people not get this!??!
@_date: 2012-07-02 18:06:48
I read a dozen of his blogs on Bitcoins, thanks for the link! This guy has a flair for slicing through FUD. Sometimes I struggle to explain the fundamentals of Bitcoin but this guy nails it! A very good read indeed for those with doubts, and even better for the *don't-tell-me-I-know-finance* types. Fuck those people.
@_date: 2012-08-21 19:29:21
I thought this initially, but after he cleans out the order book it takes a while for buy orders to fill in, admittedly if he can last out the week and the price remains low (much lower than it is now though, IMO), then he might be able to pull it off, but since everyone knows whats happening the resistance to lower prices is going to be much stronger I think. It's a long shot but frankly combined with his investor's stupidity and pirate's hubris, anything is likely.
@_date: 2012-06-30 19:32:49
Armory still needs the whole blockchain and piggybacks on the satoshi client and it also sucks up huge amounts of ram so in a live usb situation its problematic. Your best bet in a persistent linux situation would probably be one of the blockchain-less clients like electrum. Electrum runs on linux with very few dependencies, runs fast with no blockchain downloading, instead it contacts servernodes to provide necessary info.  Bitsafe may also be a good idea though I've never used it, you still need to download the blockchain, and the bitcoin client loaded onto the distro is already out of date. The electrum route is still what I'd recommend. 
@_date: 2012-08-21 17:35:21
The man said he'd begin payments on monday, it is now wednesday. Noone has claimed thieir investments have been returned. And I've been watching the threads intently. I don't know whether to laugh or cry, laugh because fools and their BTC have been parted so they can be redistributed to smater folks, or cry because currently this is the true calibre of existing BTC holders. Either way I am unaffected, *grabs more popcorn*.
@_date: 2012-09-19 15:48:38
Yep :) Even better is that only a fraction of a percent even know and use Bitcoins right now. The potential demand has heaps of room to grow as Bitcoin becomes better known, understood and used. And that growth can't be hidden or controlled by suits in skyscrapers. There will be no, "adjusting supply according to growth" BS.
That's not even taking into account the reward halving, lost coins, etc either.
@_date: 2012-11-26 06:55:08
The inflation of the Bitcoin currency is certainly about to slow, now with all other things being equal, including demand and the user-base, yes, the value of Bitcoins will likely rise, but I doubt it will rise that much just because the block reward halved. The halving will, I believe spur other things into motion though, such as perceived scarcity, a greater emphasis on fees, and I think most importantly, one of Bitcoins few untested mechanisms, a much greater confidence in the code responsible for the halving. I will breathe a sigh of relief when the halving occurs simply because I have no idea whether the code for all clients will happily chug along after block 210,000 . The pragmatist tells me not to worry, but nevertheless, worry I will. 
What's more it will set the precedent for future halvings, an uneventful halving would be just peachy IMO. No bugs, no price volatility, no hyperbole. Just business as usual, with maybe a slight bump in value ;) .
@_date: 2012-12-23 03:29:20
I personally feel for Roger. He's putting huge effort into making Bitcoin a success and some little douche refuses to return an overpayment after a purchase is refunded.
But then Roger stoops to his level, posts the guy's details to "name and shame", then abuses his privileges on other sites to route out the rat as he squeams to make it look like it isn't his bitcoin address the overpayment was sent to.
The guy not returning the coins is in every likelihood scum, but Roger abused privacy laws, due process, and the privileges given to him by other site operators in order to put the guy in his place. As a result he has probably shaken his reputation in the process and made people less trusting of any service he runs.
I may use one of Roger's services in the future still, but I've now got a warning shot over my bow. If he had mistaken this guy for the one that unrightfully took his money, then this is how I should also expect to be treated by Roger.
That thought alone puts me off no end. And AFAIK it was only 4-5 BTC.
@_date: 2012-09-11 15:24:10
Dunno how many active merchants but they've been getting a very large influx of cash through their systems, "shattering" [previous processing records](
@_date: 2012-12-10 07:51:07
gmaxwell hit the nail on the head. Security first, speed second, convenience third. Putting convenience/speed ahead of security will completely undermine the system's very existence. 
Slow, incremental growth will create a system of immense value over time, fast, spurious growth will lead to a quick death in no time. UTxO is definitely Bitcoin's end-game, but compromising Bitcoin's security for some short term PR gain may mean it will never get to that stage.
I hate to see users get turned off by using the satoshi client, but if they are turned off, it probably means that they really aren't that interested in Bitcoin to begin with. Nor do they likely appreciate just how important/impressive Bitcoin's blockchain security really is. 
Even with that said, no-one is dissuading them from discovering/using alternative clients. Lite clients should never be considered secure in any sense though, it is more like a glorified blockexplorer. I think that is also lost on many users, full node security is many orders of magnitude more secure compared to blockchain.info's wallet service when it comes to verifying transactions.
@_date: 2012-09-05 17:27:31
Maybe with Bitfloor being hacked people may see some impetus in getting multisig where it needs to be. ;)
Back when GPU mining was just beginning to enter the fray, development also hit a bottleneck, namely because some people implemented GPU mining but refused to share their source changes (one of those being puddinpop who did release his code eventually). I tell you, people were eating their hats at the thought that others were making more money than them. Not long later large bounties popped up to pay developers to implement and open-source their GPU miners and other things. A similar thing happened with pooled mining. 
Sometimes you need imminent disaster to force real change. Not saying it should be the only way it should happen, and certainly if we can save losses down the track that would be great too. Problem is I have watched the progress of Bitcoin from the shadows daily and have seen more Bitcoin failures, scams, thefts, hijackings, etc. than you can shake a stick at. But through it all I've seen the most successful businesses are the ones that don't rush, don't chase the dollars like greedy weasels, and are always making sure they have their ducks in a row security-wise first. They found their niche, worked around the problems, and were absolutely diligent when handling Bitcoins. They've been able to operate safely and have not needed to drive development any further than it is at already.
I think you need to get the attention of developers, and find those operators that have the most to lose to realise extra development work would be incredibly valuable in certain areas. It has happened in the past, but you have to remember there is no rollout plan, no scheduling, no mile-stoning, it is community driven every step of the way, so the only way this extra work is going to get done is to make the financial case to those that have the most to lose or the case to developers that xzy feature is a great idea etc. Unfortunately Bitcoin, being the global currency it is, is still very, very new, most new developers wouldn't know what they are doing, documentation is sparse, and you need a fairly in-depth knowledge of cryptography. A lot of developers, even the ones working on Bitcoin projects, are still learning the ropes I'm sure. 
With time I'm sure more developers will come out of the woodwork to not just hack for fun but also offer their services. That's why I believe you simply can't force these things into existence with just more money.
@_date: 2012-07-12 04:45:30
Brain wallets are great until someone knows you have Bitcoins. If you keept it utterly secret and never let anyone know you have coins, you're good. But the likelihood of that happening is low, and once someone knows, via an address maybe? the game is up. Once someone comes for you determined to leave only once you've given them your money you need options. "Brain wallets" give you very poor options in these situations. Hidden containers on truecrypt volumes can at least give you plausable deniability. "Brain wallets" mean that every address you generate can be recreated, so any/all coins tied to that seed can be gotten to if someone gets the seed. 
Having someone threaten your life for your bitcoins means you need to give them something, if they know there is a file they will simply steal the file, or threaten you for it. If it is something stored in your head, the likelihood of YOU being "stolen" in order to get the coins rises. Hidden containers means even if they steal the files/devices, you can still give them a password to alternate funds without compromising your real stash. If it's a brain wallet, then you need to go to all the effort of remembering an alternate seed to throw the theives off with. IOW
Brain wallets:
* Chance of kidnapping higher.
* no guarantee they have your wallet (they're gonna "hold onto you" for longer. Plausable deniability becomes much harder because there is no guarantee they got everything out of your head. So, out comes the rubber hose...
* You need to remember more "brain wallets" in order to throw off theives.
* Theives need to attack you face to face to get your wallet rather than electronically, so this puts yourself at much greater risk.
* Unlike passwords, brain wallets are very long strings of unrelated words, NOT fun to memorise.
Hidden volumes on truecrypt:
* Plausable deniability.
* You're reducing the likelihood of a physical confrontation because they can "steal" your wallet electronically (well at least they think they can).
* You can give up an alternate password to a dummy wallet without having to resist (overtly).
* passwords are much easier to memorise than "brain wallet" seeds.
I can see the appeal of "brain wallets" as maybe emergency funds when you are in a pinch, but as a serious storage alternative it raises more risks than benefits IMO.
@_date: 2012-09-10 02:33:50
A good while back the bitcointalk forum was actually a real decent place, smart people, genuine interest and enthusiasm, honesty. Then 4chan found out about it. It's never been the same since.
@_date: 2012-11-16 15:37:08
I think it's most likely that rather than Bitcoin critics backflipping, it is probably more the fact that the critics are just shutting up since to continue along their demented reasoning just makes them look like even greater douches than they already are.
Same thing happened on the bitcointalk forums in the early days, as well as , now even slashdot, which was always dominated by some of the harshest critics has begun to cool it's head and start warming to Bitcoin. 
Let's hope it keeps moving in that direction.
@_date: 2012-07-11 08:02:44
True, but the payoff is big once you get it working. I can't imagine my life without Armory. The build instructions seem fairly straightforward though, just execute each command in sequence (hopefully). Armory as an app piggybacks the Bitcoin-QT client so potential bugs or code instability is minimised, and importing the wallets is not going to corrupt your existing wallets (or if you felt brave, simply create a new wallet from scratch and send the funds to the new address). I've found Armory to be quite robust and very reliable, and I've used it for the better part of 6-8 months without a hitch.
@_date: 2012-07-02 18:36:52
As he says, mining will never become unprofitable, mining power on the network follows price, not the other way round. When miners leave cos the Bitcoin price does not cover their cost, that lack of extra power means the difficulty to confirm blocks reduces proportionately, resulting in more blocks being solved and the reward being doled out to more miners, hence more cash for miners, hence more profitable.
Edit: To answer your question, how is the threat of instability an incentive to mine?: Because Bitcoin is useful, people use it, this in itself is incentive to mine, but lets use a real world example of how blockchain security was threatened and how miners reacted. When pooled mining came along many were uneasy with large central hubs that controlled vast amounts of processing power. This spurred p2pool, a decentralised mining pool that ensured no central point could use collected hashing power to subvert the network. Satoshi never instigated p2pool, it was a community effort because people were concerned pooled mining may have destabilised the Bitcoin protocol they all used. Miners had huge incentive to ensure the security of the blockchain and threw resources behind it (not simply processing resources) to make sure the future stability of the Bitcoin network was secure. Miners want to get paid, but they also want to ensure the money they get paid retains it's value so miners will in almost all cases work to keep the blockchain secure. 
Other threats include the Bitcoin "mystery miner", mining botnets (that miners revile), preparing for the advent of FPGA and AISC mining, and I'm sure many others. Unbenownst to you the mining community is already VERY proactive at protecting their money.
@_date: 2012-12-10 14:09:31
If the article is to be believed, he conceived the idea in 2004-05 . He's had several years. How much longer should we give him? In 4+ years Bitcoin has snowballed in monumental ways. Ripple is where exactly? He sold his stake at Mt Gox to go back to his old ideas. IMO he's trying to fit a square peg in what was always a round hole.
Maybe he can piggyback Bitcoin in an interesting way, that'd be quite interesting, but this guy looks to have a very static vision, and it looks like he is sticking with that. The fellow is obviously used to leading, I doubt other people are going to be able to veer him that easily.
@_date: 2012-09-02 04:12:36
Agreed. At least in part. Calling you a shill was a bit over the top too. My bad.
@_date: 2012-09-07 03:11:58
Ruining someones day still means BTC has value, that would just mean the hackers/scammers *spend* the Bitcoins differently ;)
@_date: 2012-09-08 09:07:32
No offence taken. Like I said above, link away :)


I agree your account is definitely a possibility, I too am definitely speculating when it comes to who caused the sudden drop in price. 


Thanks for that. This certainly has strong parallels.
If he really has the big haul it is possible he will try to game the price but it really depends on how he perceives Bitcoin, IOW, is it just a get-rich-quick scam to him? If true, he'll probably bail in the most convenient way possible and to hell with the market afterwards. OR if he is a believer, milk the value of his haul for as long as possible. Maybe even a combination of both. The guy certainly displayed a ton of hubris, but even when prices took a sudden dip when it broke $10, he could've already been testing the value for when he cashed out on sept-09. Again, that's purely speculation on my part though. 
The biggest sticking point still remains though, everyone is voicing their opinion under the assumption he has 500k BTC, and aside from the 5k bet no-one really knows much about how many coins he actually holds outside of that unless people come forth to claim they have been scammed and give us some addresses or some other plausible evidence to prove that. 






Very true, but people will kill for far less, and even those that are embarrassed will still explore any possible avenue to get their money back, but hardly any noise on the bitcointalk forums, here, no police reports, no legal action, nothing AFAIK (if you do have *something* regarding "investors" coming forth claiming they've lost coins please by all means share though). Bitcoinica was a completely different reaction, when people lost their savings the shit hit the fan on the forums, we have legal action, hell, even exchanges were interfering with transactions that were even tacitly linked to Zhou-tong. None of this has happened regarding BTCS&amp;T.  Bitcoinica customers were howling at the moon, regardless of their large losses, assurances they'd get their money back, etc. BTCS&amp;T? deathly silent. Maybe it's because there are only a few big whales though, or just maybe there were no huge depositors and only a few people signed up with somewhat modest amounts. However, as [sirkent]( said, cognitive dissonance may still be hard at work in these people so it may take some weeks yet before people come forward, but all we really have to connect 500k BTC to pirate is his word, and we all know how much that is worth (pardon the pun).
@_date: 2012-11-25 13:09:01
I *think* you can run your own [sandboxed testnet]( and from there start generating your own currency. Since you say you have no programming experience, I think testnet-in-a-box is your best bet. Have fun! ;)
Edit: fyi, the security of this thing will be as leaky as a sieve since Bitcoin's inherrent security is directly tied to the massive computing power placed behind it. Unless a small nation switches all their machines to mining this is play money at best. However if this new blockchain were distributed to only a trusted number of individuals or securely kept on a limited number of machines for each person's exclusive trusted use, it could serve as a very limited purpose of value exchange. Just didn't want you to get your hopes up.
@_date: 2012-09-23 03:45:08
I guess you're the one left wanting then. Have fun with that.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:39:38
Hitchins' razor. Prove it.
@_date: 2012-06-24 11:07:46
Nice! You learn something new every day.
@_date: 2012-12-11 06:51:58
It is definitely a double bind. In one case we must grow the user-base to become more secure in the long term, but in order to grow quickly enough to avoid stagnation and retain users in the long term, we feel compelled to compromise on security measures to help spur that growth.
A warning of long sync times is a very good idea. But I'm kind of flummoxed by the furore regarding alternate client promotion. On bitcoin.org, immediately above the links to download the Bitcoin-Qt client there is a link labelled "(see all Bitcoin clients)" which guides the user to [4 other clients]( all with a breakdown and who/what it is best suited for. This exact same link is also middle left on the main page under "Resources" with the title "Bitcoin Clients". 
Am I missing something here? Four alternative clients, 3 of them lite clients to get users started in minutes and yet users are posting on having apoplectic fits over fact that the Bitcoin-Qt client is taking too long. Even the Bitcoin-Qt description clearly states it is resource intensive and takes a long time to get up and running. Whats more users have been going ballistic that Bitcoin-Qt seems to be the only client being spruiked on the main page? 
I agree that there should absolutely be more awareness raised about the behaviour of the Bitcoin-Qt client. Long sync times can be frustrating, and the feedback the client gives is hardly foolproof. 
IMO setting the default client on the main page to a faster, lighter client is absolutely the wrong message though. Alternatives are provided on the main page, syncing the client to the network should be made loud and clear to the user too though. I'm sure in a few years we will all be laughing about how we had to wait ages to sync clients, but the Bitcoin-Qt client's blockchain download optimisation is going to take some time.
We all want the whole package, but I still believe that security, speed and convenience should be the order of priority. 
@_date: 2012-09-22 15:45:49
It is part of the bootstrap process for the Bitcoin network. Coins *need* to go to someone in the beginning so instead of arbitrarily giving them away, each block assigns initially 50 coins for each transaction block created and accepted by the network. Essentially it means that every block, when created, has a space for the miner that created it to assign coins to themselves. So this space can be filled with 50 coins and the miner's chosen address. This happens every block.
Now since the number of coins created is not meant to happen perpetually into infinity, the introduction of new coins must be slowed, so that other mechanisms such as fees can take up the slack. This was arbitrarily decided by Satoshi as happening once every 4-ish years and the reward would halve at that time. Currently this is fixed at 50 coins and can't be changed due to the network rules, more or less coins assigned will result in the block being rejected. Now the other rule in place is that after a certain number of blocks the reward will be halved from 50 to 25 after the first 4 years of operation, and every 4 years thereafter. To do this the number representing 50 is bitshifted, precisely halving the value (I know this because I've read threads discussing this very thing). I will now quote John Kirk who has already taken the time to explain this:






















Bitshift exists as one of the more fundamental operations out there in computers so it can be implemented universally and is fundamental to the way computers represent bits. 
So in answer to your question, the reward halve is linked to the artificial scarcity of bitcoins and it is happening soon. It means Bitcoin is taking it's first baby steps toward a more self sustaining economy and will usher in a greater dependence on fees to process transactions, as well as greater scarcity of new coins entering the network. It is a very new and exciting phase of the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2012-08-21 19:01:49
Nothing "pirate" has done has undermined bitcoin's viability in any way, the only people who are adversely affected are, the speculators, and pirate's investors (since their spending power is ultimately tied up in pirate's funds, and may never see the light of day for that matter). Any person that buys and spends Bitcoins on the same day, or in this climate preferably within a few hours, are largely unaffected, since pirate's activities by and large don't affect bitcoin as a viable medium of exchange in the very short term.
So like I said, go get yourself some popcorn! (Or if you are a betting man the very, **very** long term) :D
@_date: 2012-08-15 04:09:01
Bitcoin infrastructure is FAR more stable and established than it was a year ago, much greater miner decentralisation, more Bitcoin exchange services wil "instant" buy options (so less need to rush to buy, hence less causing artificial inflation in price), more Bitcoin exposure, far less bad press due to more informed users, more clients (lite nodes, smartphone software, armory, etc.), much more security conscious services and user base (we've all seen the nightmare stories and people are much more security conscious nowadays), escrows, drug trade, etc. 
Relatively speaking, very little in the way of bad things have happened since compared to last year. I was mortified last year when Bitcoin went double digits for the first time because I knew in my heart it just wasn't established enough to justify the price. But now I believe the infrastructure that has exploded around Bitcoin during this year, as well as better informed users, means the price will likely go up and stay up. Coupled with the Blockchain reward halving though I expect there are going to be those with itchy "buy" fingers that will send the price haywire as they make big buys and those that hit their price point and want more liquid assets. 
By December I expect $22 USD. But I think the price in Dec is going to seesaw around that amount though. After December I think we will have a slow contraction in price as the excitement dies down after the reward halving. Feb-Mar I think we'll be looking at $18-$20.
I highly doubt, given the existing userbase of Bitcoin we will hit $90 by the end of Dec 2013, disbelief will undoubtadly kick in at 40-50. Breaking the well known $30 barrier will bring all the bad feelings of the drop from $30-$2 back again and people will very likely curb their enthusiasm at that point. I doubt many people will want to be on the pointy end of the stick when the price hits $30, so unless there is much greater press/adoption/some killer Bitcoin based application or service, I think $30 is where it will stay for a while.
Just my two cents based on watching the price daily for 2+ years ;)
@_date: 2012-06-24 16:40:59
With regards to the security of the blockchain, I think there is a possible worry here, but I doubt all the GPU miners are suddenly going to go, "OK fellas, pack things up, those guys have out done us so lets go home." More than likely, as with the transfer from cpu to gpu mining there will be a period where hobbyists will switch off their machines and bow out of the game. But then there will be many others that will scramble to catch up (money can do that to people). I think it's fair to say this is already occurring. GPU miners have for a long time been reading the writing on the wall. 
I think the risk comes more down to power, the price of power is not equal among countries, and this is the only real unbalancing factor. Geographically you'll see some people in cheap electric countries still GPU mining cos they can, others with expensive power will turn to custom made jobs. Others will go for low power systems regardless. It will less be a case that Bitcoins will collect into the pockets of a few really powerful low power miners, and more be a case that those in cheap power countries will get a greater share of the coins compared to those in more expensive power areas.
It MAY become less centralised in the sense that some countries/areas will get a slightly greater share of the coins but I doubt it will become drastically centralised in the sense that blockchain security will be compromised. Fortunately nearly half of all Bitcoins have been doled out already so initial distribution didn't fall victim to this, the fact that security of blocks will be solved in some countries more than others due to tech, power costs etc. shouldn't be that much of a problem.
Edit: Also keep in mind that it is in the miners' best interests to secure the blockchain at all costs, centralisation of hashing actually endangers the value of the coins they are racing to solve, so, ironic as it sounds,  I'm sure some miners will be greedy and not help the greater tech community but there will be a vast majority that will (and did when GPU mining hit the scene) band together to share, collaborate and equalise the advantages with those that try to surge ahead.
@_date: 2012-06-23 03:54:55
Short answer: No.
Long Answer: Paypal has easy chargebacks for buyers, Bitcoin is ironclad after "purchase" and can never be charged back. Scams have been rife with Paypal users buying Bitcoin, waiting for it to be locked into the blockchain and then getting the money refunded. You wil be VERY hard pressed to find anyone willing, or stupid enough to allow paypal unless you know them personally.
Try bitinstant or spendbitcoins.com if you are in Australia there are a number of other alternatives that take cash over the counter and are fairly easy (relatively speaking), without needing to deal with an exchange.
@_date: 2012-11-27 07:37:33
I think you misunderstand, wikipedia's philosophy is of free unbiased contribution to knowledge, yet they accept currencies from even the most oppressive of regimes. This means they do not feel ethically bound to the type of currency they accept. Volatility doesn't seem to be a sticking point either since I've heard nothing from them not accepting money from economies that are in a rough patch. However they turn around and suddenly balk when queried regarding the acceptance of Bitcoin. Their "fiduciary responsibility" is a moot argument too since Bitpay, Walletbit et al. can absolve them of any handling of Bitcoins (and I'm absolutely *certain* Walletbit or Bitpay will leap to help them integrate payment via Bitcoin if Wikipedia asked).
Wikipedia's staff are taking a hypocritical position on the acceptance of currencies. It is a disgusting double standard. It's not about pet payment schemes, its about integrity regarding freedom of contribution. Remember the donators are *giving away their money for nothing*, Wikipedia doesn't ship a product in return, and as I've heard it Wikipedia is *really* keen for donations. This is us showing our thanks, we *want* to give them money, and Wikipedia really needs the money, yet Wikpedia's staff belligerently snub their nose at the notion, all the while trumpeting their free knowledge, anyone can contribute line while they appeal for donations via paypal. 
BTW, I only have Bitcoin to donate. I guess I will go and help someone else with my Bitcoin, since as you said "they decided that Bitcoin will not help them", perhaps I'll give it to the very good people at Wikileaks....
@_date: 2012-06-24 08:51:53
Maybe [coinapult?]( They can send a link via email and direct the user from there.
@_date: 2012-07-05 02:59:54
Armory lets you do many things safely, can't recommend it enough. Practicing traditional computer security would have saved you much angst, and unfortunately with Bitcoins there is no room for complacency or lack of diligence. Two factor authentication is an absolute must when moving large amounts of funds. Devices such as yubikeys (for $25) can be used to authorise transactions on mt gox and other sites too. Keep your funds offline as much as possible (if always) and only use secure devices when live (better yet use armory's offline transactions). If you use more Bitcoins (and I sincerely hope  this experience has not turned you off Bitcoins completely), a combination of offline transactions, passwords, two factor authentication and or a yubikey will make sure any thief has a very hard time trying to get past that kind of security.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:05:00
TBH I'm guessing the huge drop in price on ~~sept-09~~ August the 17th, no less than a day after he closed, was in fact him cashing out. But here's the thing, I have seen close to zero evidence linking any major deposits with BS&amp;T. It's almost **ALL speculatiion**. What's more, given his penchant for theft, his claim of 500k of BTC is clearly dubious at best. Lastly, if, indeed 500k were lost, you can bet your damn sweet arse more users would be spewing fire at the realisation they'd been royally **fucked**. Funnily, the bitcointalk forums have been somewhat quiet when it came to *actual* claimants. When Bitcoinica blew-up everyone was coming forth talking about litigation for losses. When it comes to BTCS&amp;T, AFAIK, virtually no-one is claiming they lost anything, (please post links if that is incorrect though, I'm definitely interested in hearing otherwise).  Oh yeah, and let's not discount the unbelievable amount of hubris this tool has displayed, not exactly a sign of trustworthiness.
Two takeaways, people that gave this entity have lost their money, it's gone **G-O-N-E**, secondly, for the more savvy among us, relax, this guy was geared on hyperbole, **there is at this moment in time absolutely no indication he made off with 500k of bitcoins**.
@_date: 2012-06-15 03:12:38
Bitcoin's pseud-anonymity means more discreet services are possible for those that are self-conscious such as "adult material". Setting up Bit-mit so that more adult centric listings can be browsed, separately to all the other stuff would be great for certain people.
Amazon and ebay allows merchants to easily integrate shop fronts into the sites so they can easily list, and manage listings, making this integration easy and fast would encourage merchants to use the site a lot more I think.
Also, spamming of huge quantities of useless/cheap items is annoying and should be limited somehow. Recently there were dozens of button-pins at 0.1 BTC each listed. Now if I'm a huge pin enthusiast sure, I may want to see this stuff, but the majority of us see this as a nuisance, and it just gets in the way as we browse items.
Great site BTW.
@_date: 2012-06-13 19:30:36
I've followed the Bitcoin price almost daily and the fact was there was a very high and narrowly placed BUY and SELL wall on MtGox at around 5.15 USD. It kept the price stable for months as a result. That wall was erased recently but then there was a period of a week where volume on MtGox was very low. The anniversary of the bubble may be a good indicator of the recent spike, but I think alot of people are ramping up for the block reward halving. Many people are confident (and probably rightly so) that leading up to and after the reward halving (early December) people are going to be less inclined to sell as scarcity starts to exert it's effect, and this will push demand up. But if that truly is the case then expect the price to skyrocket since we have at least 6 months to go before that happens. Whats more likely is Bitcoin is actually doing really well nowadays, esp compared to the financial crisis in the eurozone. More exchanges, more services, greater accesibility to Bitcoins, greater miner decentralisation. People are definitely seeing the advantages of Bitcoin as a store of value and are using them. [Bitcoin magazine]( actually has a good writeup on it and explains the rationale nicely.
Bottom line is a lot of positive things are working to Bitcoin's favor, and very little of it is hype like it was a year ago.
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:57:18
My personal take, and this is just my personal opinion, is the BS&amp;T runner "pirate" has had a run on the bank style situation on the funds given to him. This has left him with no choice but to bail. HOW he bails is I believe what we are seeing right now. He is flooding the market with every BTC he has to cause a giant crash over the weekend, many peoples hands are tied since most services are closed. This gives him the opportunity to pull a run on the BTC value. Either way he's in a good position, if it works he can recoup many coins at a lower price, fulfill hie obligations to his clients, and walk away smugly saying his ponzi worked and still be able to show his face in society (sort of). If it fails he is able to walk away with all the liquidated funds, leave all his investors high and dry and let everyone else pick up the pieces. Either way he's playing with fire but ultimately we'll be picking up the pieces in both situations. Ironically his clients will have more of their Bitoins but at a heavily reduced value so their foray into greed though pirate may fulfil his contracts with them, will actually leave them with less buying power regardless. The best situation is if the price recovers swiftly (which I think it will), this may cripple pirate since he'll have to buy back at the same or higher price and might make him run with the funds (if that is what he is planning). Either way pirate and his "clients" are all idiots that have succumbed to hubris and greed. Though It is rather unfortunate that everyone else has to be touched by this situation too.
Either way I find the whole situation interesting but frankly I've watched the last bubble and gone through it all before. The only thing that would rattle my confidence in bitcoin is if a fatal flaw in the protocol were found that could temporarily or permanently undermine the security of the network. 
tldr; Just a guy that has dumped many BTC holders' coins on the market because he's trying to salvage his little ponzi. Seen it all before, don't panic, it's more than likely to bounce back in the next few days/weeks.
If the price is low enough even *I* will be buying more coins tomorrow ;)
Edit: A few words.
@_date: 2012-11-19 12:37:28
I'm sorry for digging into you for your possibly well intentioned post. Really. 
But I've seen the Bitcoinicas, BS&amp;Ts scams, coin-mixing thefts etc, etc. I've seen too many thefts, losses, cons, scams, honeypots, and greed on and its just getting silly. Even if your information is legit and sincere, it is going to get lost in the noise. 
@_date: 2012-12-05 02:48:38
Alright then, I will address your concerns as I see them.


Me too, but luckily there are money makers waiting and just itching to make a sell which will drive the price down, otherwise we'd have bankers and government controlled "markets" controlling who buys/sells what when, and frankly I think the free market is far better at self regulating than some suits in buildings. There is greater rick in these environments, but when there are many speculators and traders, free to trade anywhich way, the variance becomes much, much less and therein lies stability.


Bitcoin has forced me to learn more about economics than I ever would have. As far as your idolatry is concerned, I'm a huge fan of Ghengis Khan, that bastard really knew how to get shit done.


I refer you to my previous example of Zimbabwe.


No actually it's not "fun". It is not fun to watch economies crumble because of the criminal activities of banks (current countries in the crosshair is Greece no?), then see HUGE bailouts materialise from governments at the taxpayers expense, THEN look on as these governments let these criminal bankers go back to work doing exactly the same thing again. Indeed currency trading is not "productivity", someone should tell those wallstreet guys that.


Seriously, you need to sleep on that thought. It is currently thought that 20 trillion dollars [1]( [2]( [3]( is hidden around the world that governments can't tax. The richest of the rich aren't sharing what amounts to a QUARTER of the entire money in the WORLD, and you're worried about Bitcoin not being available to all? On a more rational note, if Bitcoin surpasses the USD, cent for cent, a satoshi will still be worth several cents.


Fear. Uncertainty. Doubt.
@_date: 2012-07-03 04:28:40
I'm hearing this "tragedy of the commons" argument a lot, but tragedy of the commons can't really apply to Bitcoin. Difficulty adjustments and fees mitigates this absurd ranting about "tragedy of the commons". 
Miners only participate when it's profitable and processing power follows price, NOT the other way around. Difficulty to mine blocks ensure blocks are created at a regular rate, and this slows profitability, hence miners get diminishing returns. Miners can't artificially deplete the network of coins. Fees encourage miners to prefer accepting transactions with fees, as well as being a method of encouraging users to return Bitcoins back to the network to pay miners for their hard work. It is also in the best interest of miners to keep the Bitcoin network, stable, safe from attacks, and to maintain the value of Bitcoin since Bitcoin is the very reward they get for ensuring these things.
In short, anyone that uses Bitcoin, whether it be miners or users, has a vested interest in keeping Bitcoin working. Every holder of Bitcoin has a self-interest in maintaining the Bitcoin network, in whatever way possible.
Tragedy of the commons my arse.
@_date: 2012-08-30 17:54:57
I try not to be too optimistic and try to stick to the facts. Up to now it is:
* Incredibly secure, no breach of the protocol has occurred.
* It is without doubt the largest and most powerful decentralised network on the internet (or anywhere AFAIK)
* Criminal and unsavory elements have found a powerful niche.
* It is completely capable of resisting control by any one government, when it comes to the transfer of assest. It simply cannot be shut down, blocked or banned outright (though banning may have a chilling effect in some ways it actually opens up the doors in many others).
* Cheaper and easier to transact across the other side of the world without any middleman (practically unheard of in finance when it comes to large sums).
* Is capable of minitransactions where most, if not all other financial institurions founder.
My personal opinion is it absolutely has the potential to dethrone paypal at the very least, and could butt heads with major credit card companies in the long term. Talk of Bitcoin becoming a major international currency is still a pipe dream I think, but the protocol is incredibly robust and secure so as it improves, and becomes safer, better known, faster, leaner and meaner I think it could definitely get there in the end.
I've watched, lurked, read oodles of pieces on Bicoin, and watched the rise, fall, and rise of Bitcoin over the last 2+ years, and one things for sure. It's been a hell of a ride. In a different time, with more honest governments and less corrupt financial industries, Bitcoin may very well had fizzled, just like Bittorrent would have fallen out of favour if the music and film industry hadn't tried so *damn* hard to stamp out file-sharing, but in this day and age the current situation is ripe for Bitcoin to take center stage.
@_date: 2012-07-09 19:11:04
For current miners this seems to be like a shot over their bow, either get more serious about mining or get left behind. For Bitcoin in general the news is fantastic. 
During the CPU era anyone could mine but anyone could switch off, there was absolutely nothing to keep miners mining. In the GPU eara in which we are currently, GPUs are definitely more specialised and require up front capital, of which many have been happy to oblige. These upfront costs means miners need to stay switched on for a certain period before they break even. If they leave before they make a significant loss, and though they can reuse or sell on the equipment to partially recover their capital, GPUs aren't that versatile and in demand, esp. secondhand ones, which means there is a much higher chance of miners sticking around.
Now comes the FPGA/AISC crowd, very specialised hardware, high incentive to invest, power efficiency wise, as well as being the first adopters to take advantage of a quick profit. These guys, once they see the dollar signs and drop large amounts of money are almost certainly locked in for the long haul. Noone is going to buy their hardware if it becomes more expensive. Noone *needs* their fancy equipment because it is only useful for mining in general. For those that mine on a large scale with fpga/aisc hardware, they will be making a longterm commitment to stay around because they simply can't back out without incurring huge losses.
This is a very good thing for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-06-30 19:12:50
The client may not have gotten the coins out succesfully. The client should resend the transaction after it is restarted (or I think the transaction can be rebroadcast by rerunning the bitcoin client with the -rescan switch on the command line, but don't quote me on that). There are also tools like [pywallet]( to reverse transactions but backup the wallet first before you try that. Otherwise you can dump the keys using pywallet and load them using the armory client.
Your coins are definitely not gone, nor are they in limbo, they can definitely be recovered. The private keys are still in the wallet file, so don't panic. If you're sure the transaction got sent and the new address is correct then it may just take a while. Check for unconfirmed transactions [here]( most transmitted transactions will be there, but again, don't panic if it doesn't show up, it just means the propagation of the transaction failed or is still propagating.
@_date: 2012-09-06 07:14:50


Sorry, dude, there is none. Even the most promising and long lived "investments" are calculated risks in BTC land. 
If you won't listen to sanity and are insistent on feeding your greed reflex. 
flexcoin.com or, *maybe* if you do some very thorough due diligence on some projects on glbse.com.


Ah, you are looking for the get rich quick plan. In that case:
1. Get a time machine.
2. Go back two and a half years
3. Load up on Bitcoins.
4. Profit!!!
Bitcoin was designed as a way of transferring value across the globe quickly and cheaply without a third party. It's secondary (and frankly far more inferior use), is as an investment vehicle. Really. Just take your savings to a casino, bet black, and just save everyone the hassle.


Then don't even think for a second that Bitcoin is in any way **NOT** a gamble!
@_date: 2012-08-27 11:11:07
zjbird really doesn't have much grasp of market forces or the actual workings of economies does he? I'm pretty sure he's on a fishing trip and doesn't like the fact that the comforting reassurances to bolster his own bias is not forthcoming. 
I trust in Bitcoin's mechanisms far more than I trust a bunch of suits in skyscrapers.
@_date: 2012-06-21 17:29:56
A 3G smartphone with blockchain's android app could do exactly that. Only drawbacks ATM is the time necessary for confirmations and the fact that ideally both merchant and customer would be using the blockchain software and have internet access. Otherwise the client would need their own device to tap out the address and and have access to the net. Having a device that could sign a transaction and transmit to the other device somehow, much like armory does, could help mitigate the need for the client requiring internet access... It's early days, and still much to be done, but none of this stuff is technically infeasible, just not yet implemented.
@_date: 2012-09-27 15:47:32
The tinfoil hat OWS'ers are just throwing a hissy fit, like the ageing hipsters they are. The foundation is a good thing. The Executive's statement sums up pretty well what this foundation is all about :
 &gt; My hope is that the Bitcoin Foundation will be the organization that focuses and unlocks all of your energy and talents towards promoting Bitcoins, protecting them, and increasing their legitimacy through standardization. 
I can absolutely stand behind that.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:16:15
21 million coins was never a flaw. It's a feature ;)
Seriously though, this is a fallacy. This guy is trying to apply what happens to a real life currency to a digital currency.
He also forgets that when people lose coins it only hurts the person that lost their coins. In essence lost coins will mean everyone else’s go up in value slightly since they have become that bit more scarce. Additionally  if Bitcoin's decimal places are not enough to peg a value on it due to too many coins being lost, more decimals can be added (this scenario is very likely unnecessary though).
And lastly, if this guy is so worried about coins being lost, start telling people to back up their private keys. 
@_date: 2012-09-11 14:35:01
Oops, I meant August the 17th. I'm an idiot.
@_date: 2012-11-19 12:13:07
My "problem" is you tools spamming and being shills for all your get rich quick schemes. No-one here is interested in what you have to say.
@_date: 2012-08-28 04:38:12
That's what I meant ;P
@_date: 2012-06-16 08:25:07
Having no windows or linux machine backs you into a corner somewhat, but a valid and safe alternative for you could be [blockchain]( you can access it online on you Apple computer (or any internet computer for that matter) and it has an accompanying blockchain app for [android]( As you indicate, you're new to the whole Bitcoin idea, so having the blockchain downloading and updateing managed for you, getting multiple devices connected to your wallet easily and keeping the wallet secure can all be managed and used easily via the blockchain website. For extra piece of mind you can download your wallet's private keys and store them offline safely too, as well as confirmation passwords when sending funds and email notifications of sent/received funds, though make sure you backup your keys using a clean machine to avoid potential viruses etc.
If you're going the more technical route, DO use wallet encryption in some form or other, armory is a good python based client (so should be possible to use on apple machine), albeit much more advanced choice of bitcoin client, very feature-ful, but also potentially overwhelming. It can sign transaction offline, as well as manage multpile wallets and also has watching only wallets (IOW it can't sign transactions but it can confirm the balance of your wallet(s). I use armory and truecrypt extensively but it's not a task for the light of heart if you want to set things up properly. 
My advice, play with blockchain, then if you want to get real serious look into [Armory]( [electrum]( [bitcoinqt]( clients. And yes, you will be able to move your blockchain wallet to your armory client if/when the time comes.
@_date: 2012-09-05 06:44:12
Trace amounts of cocaine can be detected on 4 out of 5 [American notes]( Does that mean we should start sweeping money for coke before we accept them? If you can be satisfied with the answer to this question than I think you know how we should handle stolen Bitcoins.
It is very unfortunate that some Bitcoins will end up being proceeds of crime, and efforts should be made to determine the origins of stolen coins in order to find the suspects (and lets be honest, if criminals steal coins or use Bitcoins for illegal activities, unless they are 100% vigilant in thoroughly laundering their coins 100% of the time, eventually they'll slip up and get found out), but blacklisting is not the solution.
@_date: 2012-08-16 05:09:29
Actually spendbitcoins.com does allow you to pay your utilities in Australia with Bitcoin. Nice work with all the links BTW. There are even a few people willing to accept Bitcoins for apartments, and I don't mean rent, I mean buying the property outright. Damn I wish I had the link somewhere...
@_date: 2012-12-10 08:56:27
I'll also take a stab at your concerns... 


Yes and no, miners absolutely need the entire blockchain. Normal users need just the headers and those transactions that are linked to their addresses. Currently though, all clients by default still download the entire blockchain, though in the future a pruned blockchain can be selectively downloaded. Ultraprune (Bitcoin-Qt 0.8) is not that, it just makes verifying faster, it still downloads the entire chain. Down the line there is still room for far greater optimisations, it's just that other things are still of greater priority.


Yes you could but this but it is dangerous, it centralises downloading of the blockchain. By default the client will not trust any one node and will download chunks of the blockchain from many, many different clients. Long download times result, but you have a monumentally more secure blockchain download. If you download the blockchain from a single node, even cryptographically signed, you are exposing yourself to unnecessary risk. 


Lite clients use a server on the net to verify transactions, this server handles it's own blockchain and your phone simply queries it, much like blockchain.info provides a free service for showing balances to addresses you search. Signing and broadcasting transactions is trivial, space and power wise, it's the verifying of blocks and maintinaing the blockchain that incurs the heavy lifting, so lite clients cut out the heavy liting and let third party servers do it. This means you have a much less secure client though since the server could be hacked and you could be sent false data. This is ok for small transactions but could be very prone to hacking.


There is more than one way to skin a cat as they say, copying the blockchain from one machine you own to another is quite acceptable in your case, but just remember that as it currently stands security is King in Bitcoin land. I simply cannot stress this enough. I have seen far too many people/businesses over the years fall victim to very smart hackers, simple mismanagement or most embarrassingly, stupidity, greed, and ego. Be very well advised you are walking across a floor sprinkled with thumbtacks if you think waiting a few days to verify a full blockchain is too inconvenient to fully exploit the utility and security of the Bitcoin protocol. 
@_date: 2012-09-07 02:49:32
Divisibility is determined as a double double from what I've heard, and this is the way it is to keep the code compatible with other implementations and retain accuracy. If a satoshi = 1 USD penny, the 21,000,000 coins in existence would be worth over 20 trillion dollars. The worth of the planet's wealth is estimated to be [60-80 trillion]( If we have divisibility issues that will be a very good problem to have. There is however AFAIK, no theoretical limit on how divisible Bitcoins can become. Making these code changes is not insurmountable. And if that time ever comes, everyone will gladly accept the changes and adopt further divisibility since it is in the majority's interest.
Your quibbling on divisibility is further validity of Bitcoin as a currency. If divisibility is your biggest sticking point then Bitcoin has a **very** bright future ahead of it!
@_date: 2015-04-15 10:49:41
100% agree; thanks for this post.
I find it severely dishonest that we have endless bullish mainstream news, such as Phil what's-his-name "betting big" on gold and WSJ articles discussing Gold, yet simultaneously the price continues its seemingly inexorable decline. If all these wealthy individuals were actually bullish, the price would rise; it does not take that much money to move this market. Those who think the price does not matter for adoption are delusional.
If you disagree, please comment and tell me why.
/s [;)](
@_date: 2015-04-08 09:19:43
Tip of the iceberg. We still don't know the whole story, but it is evident that Mt Gox continued operations even when it was clear they had lost a huge number of Bitcoins. The corrupt DEA agent only seized the bank accounts, and even then Mt Gox continued to run for a long while afterwards. We still haven't hit the bottom of the rabbit hole that is Mt Gox's financial situations but it is clear that Mark Karpeles was responsible for many aspects of Gox and is very clearly responsible for Mt Gox failing to meet it's financial obligations to his customers.
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:04:30
Yep absolutely dude. Something like that should be in the abstract, instead of hidden away. The introduction should set the stage for why the solution is needed, and then after the stage is set, you describe your solution that sweeps in the save the day. It should have it's own section and be prominently titled with a full illustrative breakdown of how it works, don't worry about math, save that for an extra section after you've got the users briefed on what it does.
@_date: 2015-04-01 06:49:38
@_date: 2015-04-12 13:43:01


As did I, and Vitalik was nowhere near as butthurt about it as you think. Try to stop overreacting to everything I say, my criticisms were valid. I wasn't leaping to tear the paper apart. As I've already said, someone else solicited my opinion.
The conversation was thus:
* ferretinjapan:


* sqrt774


* ferretinjapan




It was a "what if" question and you completely blew it out of proportion. Sqrt774 asked me essentially what I thought about it as a finished piece of work, and I gave a frank appraisal as if it were a finished piece. I WAS EXPRESSING MY OPINION OF IT GIVEN THE HYPOTHETICAL SITUATION THAT IT WAS A FINISHED PIECE OF WORK.
Everyone else seems to get this except for you (and apparently).
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:59:13


Individual nodes can be shutdown, just like Bitcoin nodes can be, but how do you shut down the Open Bazaar network? Sure an open Bazaar site can be shut down, but it can effortlessly be brought back up again later, the Open Bazaar network doesn't have a mechanism where angry companies can send a takedown notice and have the node permanently banned from the network.


Sure you could do that, but who's going to set up the site and get everything connected for you? Even then though your tiny server could be DDos'd, hacked, and so on. You'd have to have many different computing skill sets to make a professional, seamless, secure, userfriendly site. It would also need to avoid having any dependence on other services too, to avoid being shut down in case your grey market items are noticed by the wrong people. That is what Open Bazaar is trying to do, become a simple, secure, userfriendly, all-in-one site, that is completely free of any other intermediary so that you can run a merchant store out of the box.
@_date: 2015-04-01 11:51:41
Well played, jstolfi, well played. My BS meter went haywire, but there was at least half a second where I believed. :)
@_date: 2015-04-23 16:55:55
Dogecoin, 1 year.
Bitcoin, 6 years.
I guess dogged persistence is what distinguishes Bitcoin from other alts.
@_date: 2015-04-01 16:21:29
If you want to change the algorithm, you need to change every node.
OP should ask him how he is going to change the algorithm if every node except his can (and will) say "no".
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:54:00
Oliver I think you're doing great work, keep it up. Unfortunately trying to get anything coherent from people here is going to be like herding bees.
People are so precious about their decentralisation at all costs that they'll rail at anything that even hints at a process that is more sophisticated than the equivalent of busking on the street. I say do whatever the hell you want, if you are transparent about it then they can judge it on it's own merits and reject/accept the terms. In the mean time I suggest you ignore people here trying to tear down your idea, they are toxic and will never be satisfied by anything you try to do.
Ignore them.
I think your idea of a trust is a solid alternative to funding development. I think it's necessary to have some form of centralised method of funding developers when it comes to large quantities of money, and is also necessary to satisfy legal aspects so that all the legal bases are covered. You could also put in the proviso that the trust has a fixed lifetime (perhaps 3 years) so that no special interests or parasites have the chance to dig their claws in and manipulate the trusts original intent. Other than that I think you have a great idea.
@_date: 2015-04-12 13:28:28
Nice, are my comments going to be posted in a journal somewhere? I'll get onto those corrections right away!
@_date: 2015-04-16 07:29:10
@_date: 2015-04-08 12:29:50
I think that is why Mark is particularly hated, because of shallow lies like that. If he had been honest and up front he may not have copped nearly as much heat as he did. Mark can't blame it on the software written by Satoshi. Satoshi already made it clear (in full caps) that he's not liable. If there's a bug in the protocol, you are SOL as the license states:


Anyone that makes promises (or services) that is built on top of that software though, they are a whole different matter, which is why people, including myself, constantly warned people that if you didn't control the private keys to your coins, then those coins at risk of loss/theft by whoever is looking after them. Anything built to use the Bitcoin protocol derives it's functionality from the original client and anything that uses it cannot peg any fault on Satoshi. Even in the early days Gavin et al. went to great pains to emphasize that Bitcoin is an *experiment*. Not to be fully trusted or depended on thus where the common phrase "never risk more than you are willing to lose" is trumpeted all the time here. Even now people still point out that a bug in the protocol/software could send Bitcoin's value to zero and even now, Bitcoin is still considered BETA software. If five years of warnings and disclaimers is not enough then they are going to learn the hard way.
@_date: 2015-04-15 17:49:42
Yesterday the AUD was buying 0.76 USD. Today 1 AUD is buying 0.75 USD. That means all my AUD in my bank accounts and in my wallet has effectively lost money compared to yesterday.
Can you see the similarity? 
tldr; BTC prices fluctuate just like any other currency.
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:58:43
I'm of the first group and it's true, there's lots of people that really dig the fact that Bitcoin is the only current example of a truly sustainable, decentralised network to date. 
I think Bitcoin is an awesome technology and it's permissionless structure is a huge enabler for all types of innovations. Unfortunately this mindset means that I'm usually at odds with the other two groups so I don't bother posting much these days as the other two groups rarely make any sense and it's almost impossible to have a civil discussion with them, thus why you see an abundance of "too the moon" and hostile reactions everywhere. The mods' policies have been very effective at suppressing the incentive for civil discussion and incentivising the shallow, mean posters we have today.
We're still here though, just lurking out of sight..... :)
@_date: 2015-04-01 07:22:54
1 answer
@_date: 2015-04-12 09:17:55
See my edit.
Someone asked my opinion and I gave it. As I said in my original OP, I avoided making any critical comment. Also, stop acting like a petulant child. If it's 0.02 and it's not ready, he shouldn't be showing it, and you shouldn't be promoting it.
@_date: 2015-04-24 14:45:05
Australia gets first dibs too! Let's hope by the time these guys get to market they'll have realised that the double GST was idiotic and will be treated like cash for most intents and purposes.
@_date: 2015-04-18 13:34:14
Or looking at it another way, only 500,000 people need to buy $1 per day. ;)
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:34:54
Is Open Source a cult?
@_date: 2015-09-19 18:59:34


A bullet resulted from these people's deaths, it came from the barrel of a gun. Gun control does **NOT mean people control**. People and guns can coexist, but expecting that people and guns can coexist without codes of conduct, penalties for misuse and abuse, background checks and transparency, is incredibly naïve. You simply can't put your faith in people to do the right thing when it comes to guns. They can, and will, be misused and abused given the opportunity even by people with good intentions (esp. those that aren't properly trained in how to use a firearm). I know firsthand.
@_date: 2015-04-28 16:40:15
No worries. :). Unfortunately there are a lot of childish and outright rude/hotsile people here that are only interested in lecturing or berating others to silence and have no interest in constructive and civil discussion.
Very good questions. I myself am not sure. I think this would be worth raising in the devs (especially ) are very responsive and could provide more clarity on this as I too would like to know. 
The closest I found was [this]( but that doesn't fully answer the question. At a guess I think the node uptime needs to be maintained by the seller, and is connected to directly in order to access the store.
I think the devs would need to fill in the rest as I'm not really qualified to answer.
@_date: 2015-04-12 08:57:39
Let's ignore your condescension and focus on why you are wrong, as it seems obvious you've never actually written a professional document before.
Vitalik's proposal is a ["Whitepaper"](


This isn't a whitepaper, it's a braindump at best. If you know anything about academics at all you'll know that their time is valuable, I am not going to waste valuable hours or days of my time trying to understand something if the author won't even go to the effort of making it easy to read/understand/prove.
Your audience is not a captive one, I don't give a shit if it's Gavin, Vitalik or even Satoshi, if they want people to read their work it is their job to keep my attention, not mine. Name/project dropping doesn't work on me.
Vitalik needs to stop trying to flood the reader with math and describe his ideas simply. The math should have it's own section for those that want to know.


Ever heard of Thorium based nuclear power? I have absolutely NO background in physics at all, yet this video of Kirk Sorensen is nuclear energy for the layman but it never glosses over on the details, and he starts at first principles all the way up to the very complex mechanics of fission etc. to explain why Thoruim based power using LFTR based reactors is feasable, safe, and can completely revolutionise the nuclear world.
I never ever buy the excuse that it is too complex to explain simply.
Watch the video, [here]( The video simplifies the entire 2 hour talk down to 5 minutes to contain all the critical info, then expands that 5 minutes to a 2 hour explanation/documentary on the subject. It is a beautiful explanation that uses those 5 minutes to grab the viewer's attention and then once they're hooked expands on that explanation.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:30:47
I imagine this is how the conversation went down between the banks and government on blocking money withdrawals to cash.
@_date: 2015-04-12 05:56:56
The paper is version 0.0.2 . The core devs should only read it or even consider "borrowing" anything from it when it is 1.0.0 .
@_date: 2015-04-19 15:19:57
Bitcoin is not simply a program. It needs dedicated decentralised infrastructure to secure transactions and it needs to get coins into the hands of people most likely to support it's use into the future. It doesn't care if you are poor, or disadvantaged, it only cares about securing transactions, and rewarding those that help keep this infrastructure running.
If Bitcoin had not been set-up like that then it never would have gained the infrastructure and social support/use it currently has. People that take risks are rewarded, people that do nothing aren't. People that see bitcoin distribution as a problem want to protect the community at the detriment of the individual. IOW, they are saying that the individual (current Bitcoin holders) should submit to the community, any advantage they ever accrue because everyone else in their mind should deserve something they did nothing to earn aka the communist model. That thinking actually encourages economic stagnation and gives people absolutely zero impetus to be productive, or engage in commerce.
As Bitcoin currently functions, it generates it's own commerce by being scarce and it distributes coins to those that support the network in tangible ways via mining, as the value rises and more people use/accept Bitcoin, people use that extra disposable income to buy stuff, thus redistributing coins to others. Unlike banks that have interest rates that really DO allow you to sit on your money and do nothing and still make money, the only way you can acquire more bitcoin is through mining, earning, or buying more. If all I had to do is sit on my backside and wait for Bitcoin to be successful, then 10 years down the track decide to get in and "get my fair share" I would, but that's a completely broken and backwards system, but you are free to try it out, I'm sure the Bitcoin protocol can be tweaked to create a fixed amount of coins every year and see how it turns out. A coin with infinite inflation is the kind of system you are hinting at, that way you may be able to get closer to this mystical "fair share" but even then it will will never get it right and it will only water down what little value they initially have (if any).
That's the beauty of Bitcoin. If people don't like it there are alternatives, no-one is forced to use the Bitcoin system. I'd argue that the only reason people still use Bitcoin is because the incentives work to draw people to use Bitcoin, and keep them using Bitcoin, not simply because it makes early users rich. If that were the case the fad would have burned out 3-4 years ago with the first massive rise and fall of the currency.
@_date: 2015-04-28 13:38:21
I consider Bitcoin -&gt; Fiat part of the loop too, the key is to find uses for Bitcoin that are exclusive to Bitcoin or best done via Bitcoin. That way it doesn't matter if Bitcoin -&gt; Fiat happens as there will be others moving Fiat-&gt; Bitcoin to take advantage of Bitcoin's use cases
@_date: 2015-04-12 20:39:59
Funny, the preface: 


Already makes it unambiguously clear that sqrt774 solicited an opinion from me based on the premise that the paper was a final version.
@_date: 2015-04-14 19:46:45


Listen to yourself. Did you even read my post?


It IS volatile, that is what I've being saying since the first post.
It has *literally* been like this for *years*.
Literally years. Yet here you are, suddenly surprised that Bitcoin is acting in a way it has been since it's inception. Everyone says it's volatile, everyone says it makes huge gains and losses. This is nothing new. It is common knowledge.
Like I said before. Get out of Bitcoin, I don't want you to prop up the price for idealistic platitudes, if that is all that's propping it up it's already doomed. Use it because it is useful and provides a convenience that other services/currencies can't.
@_date: 2015-04-09 05:13:15
The video is analogous to when people start shitting themselves when the price goes crazy.
The link is often posted in response to people that write panic posts on the price along with a facetious "Welcome to Bitcoin!" response. New users often don't know what they are getting themselves into or very naively "invest" without fully understanding that Bitcoin is a volatile beast that will eat your children if you aren't careful.
It is meant to be a tongue in cheek/facetious response as veteran bitcoiners find the volatility just a matter of course, but the new users are always prickly about it. Of course the price right now is about as calm as it gets so the link is rather out of place, but often threads like this appear when the price is see-sawing like crazy and often appear in order to boost the morale of bitcoin users, calm panic sellers, vent frustration at the price dropping, or something to that effect.
@_date: 2015-04-01 04:35:11
 [/s](
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:40:53
1 answer
@_date: 2015-04-13 08:56:58
I have one. The card works just like any other eftpos card. I've not used it at any bank though, only POS terminals, but for all intents and purposes it's just like any other EFTPOS card. There is an inactivation fee and a few other fees here and there but overall it is pretty much on par with a normal bank card.
I've not used mine much, but loading it is instant and pretty seamless. You still need to send the Bitcoin to Coinjar first before you can load it but other than that you can load up as much or as little as you like, any time you like.
@_date: 2015-04-07 04:30:58


@_date: 2015-04-01 16:21:58
If you want to change the algorithm, you need to change every node.
Ask him how he is going to change the algorithm if every node except his can (and will) say "no".
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:53:52
Yes, only now is that becoming clear. 
@_date: 2015-04-12 20:21:02


adjective hy·po·thet·i·cal \ˌhī-pə-ˈthe-ti-kəl\
: involving or based on a suggested idea or theory : involving or based on a hypothesis
: not real : 
imagined as an example
@_date: 2015-09-07 13:22:48
Don't stress too much over this Mike, there is definitely a lot of support for the BIP101 way of doing things. And sometimes trying too hard, (like Greg et al. does) to convince people can very quickly backfire, as their continual hosing down of criticism and rebuttals has often devolved into lecturing, dismissal, and derision. Just keep calm, be patient, and stay on point. I think you and Gavin are doing a great job and you're conducting yourselves very well compared to others out there. 
@_date: 2015-09-04 11:04:35
Honestly, I think people are moving to other forums more regularly, I think interest is still quite high but the old sub and forums are no longer welcome places for discussion, or reliable news aggregation. I expect that as the block size debate rages on, less and less people are going to frequent the old sub. I reduced my posting a considerable amount about a year ago due to lack of confidence in the mods to keep trolling/abuse in check, I think now that mods are trying to whitewash all XT related posts, they are making themselves even less relevant in the community.
@_date: 2015-04-22 05:32:40


&amp; Not as anonymous as say **CASH**.
@_date: 2015-04-14 19:51:51
1 answer
@_date: 2015-04-16 10:49:16
Storj and Maidsafe is the closest to actual distributed fileservices so far, but I find them to be incredibly inferior, as they are untested, have actively avoided having anything to do with the Bitcoin blockchain (and have made their own custom coins), and have been marketed to line the pockets of the creators. They aren't really a DAC as I see it, and they don't build on Bitcoin's infrastructure, which makes them much more complex than they need to be.
I definitely think distributed file storage DAC's could be not only be profitable for those that use/support them, but also a valuable service, and could exist right now if someone were to create it (I'd love to but I have other work to do ATM). And I don't think it needs to be complex either as Bitcoin can do much of the heavy lifting.
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:23:55
Seems to have worked for Linus Torvalds and Linux kernel development.
@_date: 2015-04-15 16:37:32
What if tomorrow I never wake up and it turns out that this is my last day alive?
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:10:21
In general drafts should be kept private and once you have your ideas fully formed, then you release it. I know many embrace a philosophy where transparency trumps all, and this works for open source projects, but really complex subjects should be carefully considered among a small group of people first so you don't lead people astray, publishing early is great when it's obvious you want input, but your paper never has the proviso that it is only a draft and is still a work in progress. If it is a draft, it really needs huge words saying **DRAFT** somewhere, otherwise some will assume that this is the final camera ready version. Publishing early and often is fine if your purpose is to get early input and criticism, but it's important to very clearly indicate that it is a draft. 
@_date: 2015-04-14 14:28:50
Definitely get yourself a Trezor. The Trezor is pretty much the best of all worlds.
 is the official site, and they are also sold on amazon too. I know others are suggesting paper wallets and such but for someone that just wants to secure their coins (and a LOT of coins at that) it's just too risky, I'd warn you away from attempting to do any such thing. It's just too easy to fuck up so I'd strongly suggest *against* paper wallets as it is more for advanced users.
Storing them with the help of a Trezor means you'll have fast access to your coins, it will be highly resistant to theft, it is super simple to setup and use, and it has redundancies so even if your Trezor is lost/damaged/stolen, you can still get access to your coins through other means in an emergency.
@_date: 2015-04-17 11:38:05
Looks like they are doing it by the book.
@_date: 2015-09-02 18:02:57
BIP101 increases gradually after the 8mb jump. AFAIK BIP100 will regularly readjust up/down every 2 months.
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:13:55
One thing I'd hoped TBF was going to focus on was enriching the Bitcoin community by doing things that requires organisation, focus, and resources. Sure we would all like to live in a world where communities are like ant colonies but Bitcoin is more like a mouse plague that goes in all directions at once (one thing that is not in all cases good for trying to get things done) rather than a self-directed/motivated force. I was hoping that TBF was going to be the ones to do work that is hard for disparate groups as they are difficult to mobilise on a topic and have difficulty in keeping the momentum up.
Things such as applying to an official currency code (ISO 4217) from the ISO for Bitcoin (XBT). Also helping to co-ordinate input (but not run or control) for the creation/modification of BIPs. Helping to protect and keep open bitcoin related IP that should not be controlled by any one person. Also helping to generate interest in projects that will benefit the Bitcoin community, such as the light house project, or microchannel payments, as it enables functionality in the blockchain that was largely unusable (it still astonishes me that it took money out of the pocket of Oliver Janssens to get Lighthouse up so that people can crowdfund using Bitcoin easily, that should have been TBF's role to help get that kind of work finished). Things like that should really have been TBF's major focus as they all help to build onto the Bitcoin as a whole and helps the Bitcoin community in tangible ways.
Good Luck!
@_date: 2015-09-02 13:32:40
Actually in a recent interview, Gavin said it does increase smoothly over time. It only jumps once when the limit is changed to 8mb.
@_date: 2015-09-09 13:08:05
That is definitely one of the more irresponsible and malicious comments I've heard for a while. That a dev would indirectly endorse funding the DDOSing of miners is certainly a good way of making others lose all their respect for you.
@_date: 2015-04-12 09:57:08
I never said the theories, or the math is shit, I said the paper is shit/shambles. All you are doing is blowing everything out of proportion and promoting a paper that is clearly not even barely out of draft stage as something the Bitcoin core devs should be paying attention to.
And I made very clear criticisms for why it is crap.
* No abstract/conclusion
* Tiny reference list, not at all diverse.
* Math peppered through nearly everything.
* Problems and solutions not clearly defined.
These are *elementary* things for a whitepaper. 
My OP was very considerate, but others wanted my plain opinion on it and so I gave it. Contrary to how you interpreted my critique, I was not attacking Vitalik's ideas, I was attacking his delivery which means I don't even have a chance to assess his ideas. I said it needs a lot more work before it is readable and people shouldn't read it until it is ready. I'm not going to coddle the guy for publishing something that is crap. I'm making justifiable points where he can improve his paper and you are trying to have a go at me for trying to make him a better writer. 
@_date: 2015-04-15 05:21:45
Although not Bitcoin related I can't help but laugh at how Ripple tried so very very hard to sell itself as an alternative to/replacement for Bitcoin.
Just goes to show that anything that isn't completely decentralised will be co-opted and or dismantled by others.
@_date: 2015-09-05 23:29:00
Fair enough, but keep this in mind (and keep in mind that none of this is directed at you as a personal attack to make you feel inadequate or to attack your self esteem, I am simply speaking my mind and expressing my perspective). [50% of all correspondence via text is misunderstood and not taken into context]( Do you ever look over your responses, then look over them again, and then a third time? I do. And I often delete my responses altogether, because I know that I'm often not thinking logically, or injecting too much emotion into my responses, or it's just not worth reacting to trolls. Most people don't though. I have no doubt that many devs don't think like that. They often speak from the heart first and only think after they post (such is the size of their overinflated egos, a good indicator of a big ego is a guy that can never shut up BTW), devs certainly aren't angels. None of them are. I know it might be hard to accept, but these guys are simply people. They really aren't special. PhDs do not make them special, 20 years in the industry do not make them special. Hell, Obama has a goddamn Nobel peace prize, and he bombs villages the world over. No label, qualification, achievement, or gushing endorsement makes these guys better than others. I do not *ever* accept reputation as an argument that they can be more trusted or are more right than others.
People you believe in can be utterly wrong and delusional. It really doesn't matter who they are. Gavin, Mike, Greg, Peter, Adam, Jeff, Luke, Peter, etc. etc. . These guys are not to be trusted. None of them. If you trust any of them, then please excuse yourself from the discussion. I'm sorry but I don't have respect for people that just play sides and defend people rather than ideas. I only trust my own judgement, NEVER the judgement of others. You should do the same. Greg is NOT a responsible person, and neither is Gavin, Greg is showing himself to be an absolute twat to others that disagree with him and the community in general. But Gavin also did some things that actually made the current bitcoin protocol worse too (that being BIP16). 
Mike Hearn in the past also pushed the idea of black/white listing much to the horror of people back in the day (I had absolutely no time for him when he mentioned that). Peter has been continually crying wolf and has even been meddiling with miners of his own volition WRT RBF, demonstrating he has no interest in the community's needs, just his own agenda, regardless of who it hurts in the process. Luke-JR used to embed religious messages into blocks and went rogue much to the resentment of the community and disrupted many things during the discussion of multisig. Ironically if we had listened to Luke, it would have been better for the Bitcoin protocol. And Greg has continually obstructed/argued against block increases even before sidechains and LN even existed. 
As far as respect is concerned, I personally moderate my responses according to the the person. I'm not cowed or silenced by BS or lecturing attitudes, only facts, I deliver a response equivalent to the tone of the the responder (though that has backfired on me in the past so I always try to be conservative in my responses until it is clear the guy is a twat ;) ). I also never seek out devs or prominent persons, and lash out at them, check my post history as it speaks for itself, I'm a sideliner and I like to keep it that way. I try to leave devs alone as they have enough on their plate. They don't need me hassling them with unnecessary comments and questions. Greg has been the only one to go out of his way to hassle me.
Now, with all of that said and out of my system, I am not one to talk down to people and get petty either, I respect your opinion, and with the exception of trolls I personally don't try to go out of my way to attack other's opinion in ways that make one feel foolish, or try to make them feel insecure, or lecture them (big emphasis on NOT lecturing).
Greg does though, and you can be sure that if he, or others try it with me, I'll give them a serve back. That is why I gave you gold, because Greg is not a nice person, and he resorts to personal attacks right off the bat rather than address the point at hand. **He does this particularly when you disagree with him**. If you don't believe me, then I encourage you to simply read Greg's, Mike hearn's and Gavin's post histories. Really pay attention to their tones, how they deal with people, and take note of whether they try to produce facts to refute the other person's claims, or whether they raise doubts and openly question the other person's assertions, then resort to denials, baseless criticisms, or whether they ignore all of that and simply go right on the attack and start undermining the person's credibility or start belittling and mocking them.
Though I disagree with many of your views that I've read, you can be fairly certain that I'm not going to lecture you to silence like Greg does. Enjoy the gold and have a good weekend :).
Ed: One last note, regardless of what Greg thinks, Bitcoin is built on people, not math. I can guarantee that people will choose a broken system that is good enough, over a perfect system that they have to wait for. The fact that he can't come to grips with the fact that he'll need to compromise is probably what is going to result in Bitcoin never leaving beta, and being superseded by another coin. And I say that as a guy that has fully believed in Bitcoin since 2010. Only Greg, Adam, Peter, and blockstream's et al's behaviour has ever shaken my confidence in Bitcoin's success.
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:41:12
Great questions, your doubt/concerns have been expressed by others in the past, but you've gone to a great deal of effort to express your thoughts and you asked nicely too so I can't possibly refuse. I'll do my best to not go too in depth though as I address your questions so I can avoid writing an essay on the subject so forgive me if my answers are brief.
a) paraphrased "what motivation do I have to switch to another form of currency?"
Bitcoin is revolutionary in many ways, but most people simply can't see it's benefits as they feel like they can do everything they need. Like many new technologies it takes time for the use cases to appear. Just like with the internet people would say, "why waste my time sending an email? I don't know anyone with an email address" (much like you don't know of any merchant that you use that accepts Bitcoin). In other ways Bitcoin provides benefits that people never even realised they were missing out on because no-one ever offered the benefit before. Like settlement of payments in hours for Bitcoin, rather than days for wire transfers as well as exorbitant fees, or ridiculous exchange rates for paypal etc. For many, Bitcoin just isn't there yet and still needs time to grow, but day-by-day, just like the internet, it is becoming more connected, and as a result more usable for the common Joe. Just remember, there was a time when 99.9% had no interest in an email address as it was &lt;insert reason&gt;. Just like PCs, mobiles, facebook, etc. as these networks grow, so will the chances that you will want to use it, maybe not now, but eventually it's drawbacks will be eclipsed by it's benefits and you'll be looking for your first bits to buy XYZ at your favourite store because paypal is such a PITA.
b) paraphrased "Why should I use Bitcoin if the financial system can keep my money safe and I have legal recourse if it is stolen"
Valid point, in the super early day's people lost huge numbers of bitcoins to thieves (this was the 1 USD= 1 BTC days) and one of Gavin's early tasks had been to make the original Bitcoin client encrypted and secure to protect people's bitcoins. That was a long time ago, and Bitcoin security has come a long way. But yes, bitcoin's are still prone to theft as people are still too naive and inexperienced when it comes to handling bitcoins properly. Hardware wallets are a response to that need so that coins can in almost every instance, never be stolen (check out Trezor, ledger, and soon to come Coolwallet). Just like people had to learn to never open email attachments on unsolicited email, run antivirus programs and avoid shady sites, people are still in the process of learning the ins and outs of securing their bitcoins properly. It's actually not that hard  (I've used Bitcoins since 2010 and I've never had a single coin lost/stolen), but people have very ingrained habits where they have had almost zero incentive to be careful as they are always protected by the existing financial/legal system. Banks will always side with the customer in the case of theft it has actually ingrained into users to be lax about security. As a result the blame is shifted away from the customer and spread around to everyone to absorb the cost, whether that be rising fees, the merchants swallowing the loss, and higher and higher barriers to entry such that only someone that is fully identified and vetted can even get a bank account. With Bitcoin you are 100% responsible for your security, but you also never have to worry about ever applying for a bank account, paying exorbitant fees to cover the ineptitude of others, or having to strip yourself naked for the bank in order to use their service. 
The bottom line is, Bitcoin offers all the flexibility of cash with none of the restrictions that banks and other financial services will burden you with, this also means you are personally responsible for keeping your coins safe, but this problem is being addressed by very smart people producing services and special hardware to make it super simple/safe/and secure.
c) paraphrased "why use Bitcoin when the existing financial system has such a stranglehold on everyone's lives and has all the commerce?"
I like to term the existing financial system (much like facebook) a bit like a walled garden. It very tightly controls the flows of money, and many here would argue this is part of the reason why it is currently in dire straits. Bitcoin is almost completely flexible in every way and the barrier to entry for merchants and users is very low. Any person can accept Bitcoin if they want to and no-one can dictate how/when/who/how much etc. , this is one of the huge benefits of Bitcoin that the financial system can't compete with. The financial system depends on identifying users to prevent fraud and that is never going to change, and it can/and always will be able to freeze or seize accounts, and it can always be in the position where it can dictate the terms of use, and shut out merchants/users at a whim. Bitcoin discriminates against no-one, there is no terms of service, and it will always be open to use by anyone with a smart phone and a network connection (it doesn't even *require* the internet to send money, you could literally sms the transaction into the network if you wanted to). For these and many other reasons, the old financial system simply can't compete with Bitcoin. The only advantage that the current financial system has is the fact that people are hesitant and inexperienced with using Bitcoin right now. Users fear what they don't understand and prefer the familiar and there's still lots of infrastructure that needs to be built around bitcoin to make it easier/safer/secure for the average Joe, but already the reasons to not use Bitcoin are quickly going away as it's usage increases. The financial system simply can't compete with Bitcoin once it becomes sufficiently large. Just like the internet and publishing, or old-style photography and digital cameras, or pagers and smart-phones, or fax machines, and email, in the early days the excuses were plentiful but the old technology quickly got superseded because it refused to innovate, while the fledgeling up and comer continued to improve itself.
Hopefully that makes things clearer.
@_date: 2015-04-12 19:14:31
Don't want to get dragged into it? Don't comment. That seems to be the way things are done in this sub, at least that's how the mods like it to be done it seems.
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:46:53
I'm pretty sure what Satoshi was going for was taking the advantages of **bit**torrent, the decentralised file sharing tech, and taking the term coins (being more similar to precious metals than fiat notes, and trying to combine the two so that it made a catchy name. He did the same thing to private keys, by calling the file that stored them wallet.dat . Bitcoin elicited all sorts of things in my mind when I first heard of it so I think it did a great job of getting people's attention, and it was very simple to break down it's component meanings. It's not perfect, but most things never are.
A lot of this was really ad-hoc back in the day too and terms sometimes stuck, like blockchain, while others like "generating", disappeared, only to be replaced with the word, mining. It was a crazy time back then when everything was in flux and Bitcoin's growth was incredibly organic. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 09:36:47
[This way we can get all the benefits of the car without needing to worry about gasoline!](
@_date: 2015-09-03 18:20:55


Bitcoin XT is not a different blockchain, nor does it promote a 50/50 split intended to cause chaos or damage to Bitcoin. That's just a strawman.
That aside, it's your sub, do what you want (just like the DNS race). You can make the divide wider and polarise the discussion, or act as mediators and facilitators of healthy, constructive discussion on the subject, rather than inject your own views and tell people what to think/say on the subject.
@_date: 2015-09-04 14:50:23


Try and Mods are even deleting posts suggesting going to these subs though, that's how absurd it is getting here, so I'll check in a few hours to make sure the post is still up, and if not, I'll pm you. The devs get a free pass when they utter the words "XT" so usually their posts don't get deleted even if it is "off topic". 
Also be sure to follow the devs directly by watching their comment posts, especially and now that their activity is scattered across multiple places, their insights and information is difficult to follow any other way. 
@_date: 2015-04-12 20:21:08
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:16:55
You too. And stop taking Bitcoin so seriously, you'll sleep better at night. We have enough crazy people here as it is.
@_date: 2015-04-08 06:07:46
The snake known as Mark Karpeles seems to be doing just fine after losing 400 million dollars worth of other people's money....
@_date: 2015-04-12 09:40:42
It's called a whitepaper, not a schematic/specification.
A whitepaper's purpose is completely different to a spec. A whitepaper simplifies, defines the problem, and then makes a sound and easy to understand argument for why his ideas are good ones.
As I've said to &gt; [A white paper is an authoritative report or guide informing in a concise manner about a complex issue and presenting the issuing body's philosophy on the matter. It is meant to help readers understand an issue, solve a problem, or make a decision.](
If he is writing a spec, then call it a spec, but his "Whitepaper" is not in fact a whitepaper, it is a brain dump. Math has it's place but it should be in it's own section for the ones that want to know so that both layman, and mathematician can read it.
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:50:27


I was honest, my OP was very diplomatic, but another user wanted a frank assessment so I gave it, then you didn't like what I wrote and decided to bat for Vitalik and start having a go at me. I very clearly delineated what I thought was shit. Fuck I dot pointed them for you a second time since it seems you didn't even read my post fully. I never criticised the math, or the idea, I VERY CLEARLY criticised other aspects of the paper. That says exactly what I wasn't happy with.


Once upon a time, I would have, but I've seen how rabid people are here, I'm not in the mood to get doxxed down the line like others have. It's part of the reason I comment less and less these days, is because people like you are constantly howling down any dissent that does not fall in line with your ideals. I shared my opinion with someone that asked for it and then you hunted down the dissenters that *dared* say something bad about Vitalik's work and proceeded to call them everything but a man.
Hell, even Vitalik was man enough to take the criticism like a champ, and I was more than happy to give feedback, yet all you did was call me names. 
@_date: 2015-09-02 12:36:48
FTR I didn't downvote you.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:29:47


Seems I timed it beautifully then. :)


Good to hear. I hadn't looked into storj much and what I did read about it was ages ago, so my info was obviously rusty. I'd be interested to know why counterparty was used over colored coins though. I'd also be interested to know how these counterparty coins/shares are going to be distributed. Distribution makes all the difference, if they are distributed in a random manner like bitcoin, then it's not a cash grab, if they are sold, or the distribution is controlled (like Ripple's method) then it can't really be considered a decentralised system until all the coins/shares are sold and even then, it's a for-profit project.
The devil is in the details as they say.
@_date: 2015-09-01 19:31:42
FYI, for anyone that is confused about why a bunch of (supposedly very smart and technical) people are appealing to you based on friendship, community, and goodwill. It's because they can't/won't engage with the community on a technical level because they either think people are stupid and must be led "for their own good", or can't make a cogent argument in favour of their agenda.
In a nutshell, this type of rhetoric means only two things, they either think you are stupid and simply need to be shepherded back into the fold, or their arguments are bullshit and they know it so sweet-talking is preferable to an all-out brawl. 
@_date: 2015-09-02 11:43:57
There's also a very telling remark by Mike in one of the PR discussions where some developers continually raised unfounded concerns and were constantly expecting perfect solutions for problems that were only theoretical right off the bat, without ever lifting a finger to provide rigorous or more robust solutions themselves.


He also refers to the phenomenon as [stop energy]( Which is essentially the situation where even people with small stakes can veto changes. It essentially destroys any incentive to improve anything. This is what the developers have turned into, they are so risk averse and inclusive of every single viewpoint that it only takes one or two vocal opponents to stop things in it's tracks. Much like filibustering in American politics, one or two people, even if they have very little to say on the issue but disagree on principal can drag things out to the point where nothing ever gets done and only the most superficial and meaningless things ever get worked on because no-one objects. This mentality drives away contributors, encourages groupthink and will lead to the premature death of the project. This is IMO exactly where the Bitcoin Core Project is heading and it's heading there *fast*.
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:25:50
[He clears it up here.](
@_date: 2015-04-15 16:31:08
Liberty Reserve 2.0
@_date: 2015-04-20 13:31:09
As said, as soon as I read the whitepaper, I knew the concept was brilliant, I was still wary of the software as bugs can (and did) trip up even rock solid ideas, but the software wasn't so much a sticking point, simply that it needed to be done right if it was going to work as the system would be securing potentially millions of dollars down the track. 
That was at the time of the first slashdotting, and I've been following it ever since.
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:37:34


And you won't have any reason to make these whiny, woe is me posts.
You want to whine? Get back to me when you see Bitcoin lose 90%+ of it's ATH. I've gone through that, then went through it again, then went through it a third time. I was never a panic seller, or one to make threads like you bitching over the price and Bitcoin was a hell of a lot more uncertain back then compared to now.
If something like this rattles you, get out. Get out of Bitcoin right now, or at the very least use it as in intermediary rather than a store of value.
Seriously. Bitcoin isn't volatile. You are.
@_date: 2015-04-12 06:59:42
True, version numbers aren't indicative, but in this case, he is at least being honest. Right now this paper is more a braindump than anything else, so people shouldn't be taking this too seriously is what I'm trying to say. There might be some good stuff in there, but it is very clear that it needs to be cleaned up significantly.
@_date: 2015-04-12 21:36:45
lol ok BUD.


Says the drama queen.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:32:11
Old lady in a Sunday hat. Goes perfectly with the revolutionary title :).
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:40:54
1 internet
@_date: 2015-04-12 16:54:35
Like I already said, [everyone else (including Vitalik) seems to get it except for you.](
@_date: 2015-04-14 08:54:02
Agreed, Trezor took close to 2 years to go from concept, to actual product.
Software usually develops much faster, but waiting a year for software to be developed from an initial idea or prototype to something stable, functional and relatively bug free is common. Likewise in other areas. The ETF has been in the pipeline for nearly two years now and most ETF's take years to go live. 
People are just too impatient, and narcissistic, but I for one am happy that we don't have constant hype surrounding Bitcoin. No-one gets anything useful done when communities are constantly hounding others to make this, develop that, fix this, etc. . Devs don't want, or need that kind of pressure. 
The bear market we've had has largely eradicated the parasites and left those that like Bitcoin for the right reasons. Unfortunately we'll never shake off all the scammers and thieves, but you can be assured that Bitcoin would get far worse PR if it were constantly being hyped as 10x more scammers and thieves would be circling the new users to ruin their day.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:31:19
Tried this with my HTC One and the Trezor with the most recent firmware. Tapping outside the keypad does indeed make the keypad disappear each time, but pressing back after 10s just dumps me to the cold storage screen and when I try again the Trezor displays the wrong pin message and the delay kicks in. Tried it about 10 times. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 20:50:52
Absolutely. People's beliefs, motivations, and philosophies aren't set in stone, their motivations from decades ago can, and will change. They can also turn into caricatures of their former selves too, while still thinking they are the same as they were back in the day.
Don't listen to what they say, watch what they do. That is the only way to know their true intentions. That said, I've given up on listening to any of them unless they actually provide solid evidence that can be replicated, and confirmed.  They can ruminate all they like, but unless they back it up with proper research, then they're simply blowing smoke. Titles, qualifications, reputation, and accomplishments no longer carry any weight with me.
@_date: 2015-09-19 15:54:14
Sorry but population density is not an argument/excuse. The Port Arthur was the single biggest massacre in history and it happened in Port Arthur Tasmania. It is one of the least populated states in Australia (holding only 2.18% of our entire population), and is the 4th most populous state with a density of 7.2 people per square kilometre.
The fact of the matter is we have guns, and lots of people that are more than willing to use them to kill others. Just yesterday in my state, [a guy went nuts, out in the middle of the bush screaming threats by phone to others]( He was armed, and started shooting at anyone that got near. The guy was supposedly a law abiding citizen, and was a good neighbour. And this happened in the middle of nowhere for all intents and purposes.
Even with our gun control laws, people still try to kill each other with guns. Gun control will never stop that. What it *does* do though is it minimises the instances of these events occurring and the damage that can be done. The laws have done a great job doing that. Making sure people are trained, of sound mind, safety minded, and have guns for the right reasons is not treating people like children. I think it's exactly the opposite, it's making sure the people that use guns know how to act like adults.
And just so we're clear, I'm not anti guns. I've discharged a number of weapons in my time, from rifles, to handguns, both high powered and low caliber, even the good 'ol .303, I'm not licensed either, but I know a number of people that own and use weapons. I've shot at ranges, and at friends' farms. One of my family members even owns several weapons and they are all secure, licensed, and safe. And that's all with what others consider to be "oppressive", "nanny-state" gun control laws.
If you disagree, that's fine, I don't want to get in a shouting match about it, but when people talk about my country when they've never lived here, and make assumptions about how things are, then I feel the need to set the record straight. I am not going to lecture you on how your country should handle guns, but I will say that gun control is doing a damn good job at keeping guns out of the wrong hands and it is necessary as even stringent controls like ours still result in people using guns to try and kill people.
Edit: also, South Australia where the guy went nuts yesterday, has a population density of 1.6 people/sqk
@_date: 2015-04-02 17:25:48


Have a complimentary [gif]( to go with that comment.
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:26:53
Don't invest more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2015-04-12 18:17:21
[My assessment that it was shit was based on the assumption implied by OP that the paper was finished and ready. It's still a shambles, but let's be honest, nearly every draft out there is ;)](
[Enjoy your dead, polarised "community".](
@_date: 2015-04-17 13:05:52
Indeed, I'm almost certain that is what they are waiting for. As the Winklevi have said in the past, their philosophy is to ask for permission. As much as some people dislike that, their abundance of caution is very smart and will help avoid, shall we say, any misunderstandings down the road.
@_date: 2015-09-02 17:08:56
Don't worry, Gavin seemed to have sneaked that detail past many of us. Which is a shame really because simply saying the max blocksize doubles every two years makes it sound like the reward halving which is abrupt and disruptive, but a linear doubling every two years is far less disruptive and more in line with steady growth. It could have won over more people if it had been clearer. Hopefully it still will.
@_date: 2015-09-26 11:28:00
He's a naturalised American, originally from Australia. I remember in [a blog years ago where he commented on the fact that he finally got his American citizenship]( 
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:23:37
It is now clear to me that Vitalik's paper is not the final version, and contrary to what your title says, it is not actually a whitepaper. 
This is your fault for portraying it as something that it wasn't. Maybe you should put more thought into titling your submissions as you clearly misled me and others based on that.


Grow up. And stop fighting other people's fights. This is your fault for broadcasting his work as a whitepaper when it isn't and not making it clear from the outset that this is a draft. If you had taken the trouble to make those distinctions I wouldn't have made such a harsh assessment.
Unlike you, Vitalik actually went to the trouble to address my criticisms, harsh as they were, and I was at least able to give him some feedback, and he also made clear that his work was still in the early stages, unlike yourself that went on the attack, trying to protect/defend from the "bad guy".
Academia is all about criticising your work and others, any academic that publishes something with the mindset that his work is correct from the outset is a narcissist and should seek another line of work.
@_date: 2015-04-01 04:01:48
Nah, it's just some people spamming the network by moving around their coins heaps to make it look like Bitcoin adoption is happening. /s
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:19:22
Again thankyou for the further clarification. I definitely checked whether it was a connectivity on my end before with  and according to the site link you gave it is down, it does say  is up, but using that url it immediately jumps to the https version.
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:43:40
Pretty sure that means the guy is shadowbanned, redditwide.
@_date: 2015-09-03 19:21:34
If I recall P2SH was 80% and that was with wide acceptance, but someone would have to confirm that as I'm fuzzy on the details. The fact is, 60% is viable too, 51% also works. But would a chain with 25% of the hashrate (at a maximum) survive is your point. Well, look at it another way, If F2pool + Eligius decided to break away from the Bitcoin network right now with their own flavour of the Bitcoin code that was incompatible with the rest of the network Ed:(and only had the current XT nodes on board) , do you think it would survive long?
Ed: More simply, do you think XT would survive with 25% of Bitcoin's hashrate and ~10% of the nodes it currently has? I highly doubt it would, even though I strongly support BIP101, I'd still wait until the majority moved to BIP101 before trusting it.
That's probably why Gavin et al. didn't even bother responding, it's because the answer is self evident.
@_date: 2015-04-12 18:50:23
Unfortunately people here have hair trigger reactions to anything remotely resembling a unique thought. 
The mods' policies don't simply allow trolling, they ensure trolling here, and their policy doesn't fix things or create an open forum, it simply magnifies the polarisation of users here. The mods pretty much guarantee that you have to be on your guard 100% of the time as sarcasm, hyperbole, or any attempt at levity is seen as an attempt at trolling, rather than meant as a joke, or hyperbole, or hypothetical. 
This sub is a joke for all the wrong reasons and even when the context is clear, people still react, rather than read and think. 
Frankly though, I don't blame them.
@_date: 2015-04-09 04:17:18
I think you got the wrong link. I'm pretty sure it is [this one]( ;P
@_date: 2015-04-12 06:46:35
I was trying to be nice but since you asked...
I'd say it was a piece of shit, and I should know, I've published papers, gone to conferences and presented research, locally, and overseas. I have spent years learning how to write papers well, and his is an absolute shambles.
It doesn't even have an abstract and conclusion it is that amateur. The reference list is about as selfserving/sparse as it gets, about as diverse as sterilised water. He crams nearly every sentence with math. No empirical evidence has been introduced to back up his assertions (references don't count!). 45 pages is too long for any person to read unless it is meant to be a thesis or a book. None of his strategies are clearly defined, nor does he simply or clearly outline the problems they are trying to solve.
I don't pander to people's prejudices like others here, if it's easy to understand it's worth reading, even if it's wrong. But as Albert Einstein has said in the past, "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.".
I've read hundreds of papers, written and published my own, and even reviewed others that were being considered for publication.
This "whitepaper" is rightly a version 0.0.2 . He needs to do a LOT more work on this if he wants to even consider this be taken seriously. If you or others want to defend Vitalik or make excuses for him then you are dishonest and simply being fanboys. Satoshi can describe his entire network in 9 pages, when I read it the first time it was an excellent presentation and I knew exactly what he was on about. I look at Vitalik's and I see a guy that can't contain even one thought coherently on the page, it's an excellent example of Vitalik's thought processes but he's not writing this for his own consumption, he's writing for the layman and never once considers that most people have no idea what he is trying to say, people that expect others to keep up are never going to get others' attention and it also communicates that he can't lower his ego and talk simply like the rest of us, if Vitalik wants his ideas to be taken seriously then he needs to write seriously.
@_date: 2015-04-16 13:35:52
Thanks for clearing that up, and I did try to do my research, maybe you should tell the creators to keep their site maintained instead. I tried to find out on more on storj before I posted but the FAQ and forums is down when I accesed it so I had to just go by what I saw on the main page.
Ed: go to  and see for yourself.
Ed2: also, absolutely nowhere does it ever mention counterparty in the whitepaper, but it certainly makes nice mention of all the profit-based blockchains like Factom and Etherium and some brand new appcoin called Storj X that they hope to use in the future. It obviously means they are going to try and make money with yet another Xcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:51:56
I was shadowbanned unintentionally for a while in the past but was still able to post here though. I don't know the ins and outs so it may be more complicated.
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:28:41
Good call, seems OP was making stuff up. It is not in fact a white paper. I think my criticisms still stand though. It needs a lot more work but now I know it is definitely a draft and not a finished product as OP seemed to imply. My assessment that it was shit was based on the assumption implied by OP that the paper was finished and ready. It's still a shambles, but let's be honest, nearly every draft out there is ;)
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:49:10
.... oh. I figured since Trezor's new firmware required pin entry on startup it was something to do with that. My bad.
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:54:46


@_date: 2015-04-05 15:01:50
They made lots of mistakes, but I think the biggest one was they tried to move the Bitcoins back to fiat currency, and the exchanges they used flagged it as suspicious. Another thing this did was alert the IRS to their activity who were able to trace the Bitcoin transactions back to the Silk road. 
It's also one of the problems with moving large amounts of money in the Bitcoin network and why it is not easy to launder stolen large numbers of stolen Bitcoins through the network unless you are extremely thorough and patient. People notice, and the special agents were either inexperienced, impatient, and or greedy. Hubris also seems to be a factor as they were playing both sides and their actions quite blatant when looked at in hindsight.
It's also why it is rather foolish to steal Bitcoins in the first place as it only takes one small slip up to reveal your identity, and the enemies you've made will definitely go to great lengths to find that slip up.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:47:33
Mining incentives, and whether Bitcoin's incentives are structured such that it will avoid centralisation would be an good subject to study for a masters. Certain people like to fearmonger over the likelihood that Bitcoin's mining is going to eventually centralise and lead to an insecure network as Bitcoin's security depends in large part on it's decentralised nature to keep bad actors out and ensure that trust is distributed across all miners.
I'm interested to know as ~~no-one~~ (correction, has linked to some interesting work) has actually come out with any real academic study on whether the Bitcoin mining scene is in danger of centralisation in the long term. 
I personally have a background in evolutionary learning but my PhD study is too time consuming to enjoy doing any rigorous study/simulations on the topic, and I think this would be an excellent academic field of study to examine Bitcoin mining incentives as it has implications for these types of decentralised networks.
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:24:13
[I don't believe that for a second.](
I am a PhD student in CS, and am fully capable of explaining complex Bitcoin topics to laymen, without dumbing it down and without acting like a condescending prick. I talk with other PhDs here, and it is abundantly clear that the devs that work on Bitcoin take us for morons that think we can be lectured to silence (just like you do), when in actual fact we can very easily see through their bullshit and call them out on it.
It's not a "plea for caution" it's placation to the supposedly dumb masses as they see it, so they can retain power over others. I've watched the block size debate in earnest since 2010 (essentially since it began) for a resolution to this and all I've seen is stalling, excuses, dithering, and now undermining of others to make sure that certain people's agendas are rammed through, regardless of what the Bitcoin community wants.
Tell you what, if they want to argue caution, provide numbers. If they want to argue infeasibility, provide numbers. If they want to argue unrealistic expectations, provide numbers. If they want to argue anything. Provide. Numbers. Don't give this fluffy, "we're on your side", "it's too early", "It's the best for the community", "90% of the devs are onboard", "we're only interested in Bitcoin's future" bullshit. Because that is what it is. Bullshit.
Make your technical case for why the block size shouldn't be raised. Everything else is noise.
@_date: 2015-04-28 06:10:23
It needs more closed loop systems and needs to generate markets that are more Bitcoin exclusive. I'm also keen to see genuine DACs that leverage Bitcoin at a native level to generate decentralised commerce. Open Bazaar will help with this too I think.
Too much of Bitcoin is fiat in-&gt; Bitcoin -&gt; fiat out, or even worse, just Bitcoin -&gt; fiat out, rather than simply going in, and recirculating bitcoin through the system multiple times before being exchanged out of the Bitcoin system. Too much of Bitcoin's commerce is centered around old forms of exchange like bricks and mortar shops, physical purchases, etc. It needs more digital goods and services type commerce to truly leverage Bitcoin's advantages and it needs to do it in a decentralised way to avoid the draconian laws of the state that not only likes to extract it's pound of flesh, often in unfair ways, but also to allow innovation/commerce to be truly free and private. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:27:20
It caters to [grey markets]( especially grey market digital goods as it is a perfect fit for Bitcoin.
Ebay, Amazon, Etsy, individual stores on shopify etc. won't touch anything that could raise the ire of other companies. As the Open Bazaar sites are decentralised, it also makes them independent services that can't be lent on like companies can lean on Ebay et al. in order to shut down their business, even though what they are doing is not in fact illegal.
@_date: 2015-04-11 14:03:49
I think coolbitx's Coolwallet and Mycelium's Bitcoincard is a big step towards the shiny, safe, secure, simple outcome you speak of. If the developers play their cards right it could be a huge boon for the Bitcoin community. 
I know there will be people that will disagree with me and raise all sorts of hurdles for the cards but I don't really give a shit about their concerns as they are usually coming from the conspiracy nuts. We have the Trezor for those guys (or they can go craft their tinfoil hats and calculate their private keys with coin flips and a pen and paperfor all I care), what we need is shiny iPhone-esque hardware wallets that are so slick they make people feel antiquated and inadequate. Bitcoin needs to not simply be nerd money, it really needs to get out of the basement and start looking like the future of money rather than always talking about it being the future of money. People are not going to force themselves to become Bitcoin-literate, they just won't they need the Bitcoin-on-trainer-wheels option, otherwise 99% just won't bother. When the internet age arrived, people didn't swarm colleges to learn how to use unix and such so they could send email, it was always the other way around where entire industries bent over backwards to simplify internet usage such that even 4 year olds could use it. I don't see Bitcoin being any different.
We also need to stop looking to the old ways of doing commerce as the sole method of spurring Bitcoin adoption and start taking advantage of the new possibilities that Bitcoin creates, like DACs where decentralised services, built on top of the Bitcoin blockchain can be used to provide services in a decentralised manner with Bitcoin being to fuel to run them. Bittorrent + Bitcoin's micropayment channels (p2p storage), Openbazaar (p2p markets), I'm certain there are more out there. Always appealing to mom and pop, brick and mortar stores is really not going to fully utilise Bitcoin's potential, and getting big companies is nice, but they are not interested in giving back to Bitcoin as most use intermediaries and convert much of the commerce back to fiat. We need to start doing things natively, we need to generate more reasons to use Bitcoin outside of physical purchases which can't fully exploit digital money and focus more on digital services, and we need to concentrate on making more of these decentralised services so that more transactions are generated to fuel the miners out there today.
@_date: 2015-09-02 03:45:36
More noise and condescension. But don't worry, my expectations for quality conversation in is very, very low nowadays, and yes, I do visit many areas of the Bitcoin world. It's very clear to me they are acting out of fear rather than any solid reasoning. Appealing to uncertainty is a bullshit position, usually used by people that are scared of doing anything, or because they are deliberately stalling and can't tell people the real reasons. These devs are a smart bunch, I'm sure they can dumb it down if you think we're all morons. They've certainly got enough energy to go around lobbying every dev they can find to agree to empty and useless statements, so I'll say it again.
Make your **technical case** for why the block size shouldn't be raised. Everything else is noise.
@_date: 2015-11-04 16:31:20
He did. He has a one man one vote policy. He's the man, and he has the vote.
@_date: 2015-09-19 17:03:37
Good to know you have lived in both countries so I'll happily admit that you have a less biased perspective, and like I said, I am not trying to lecture people that live in the US, they have a different set of laws, different society, different climate, food, etc. etc. , but I still maintain that population density is not an excuse for increased/decreased gun related violence when comparing the US, to Australia. That was what I was driving at. Regarding the holocaust, that was the genocide of one people, by another group of people. I'm talking about one single person, killing people in one single incident with the help of a gun(s).


Yes, "MY" country, I don't have dual citizenship in any other country, I've lived here almost my entire life, lived among guns all my life, used them my entire life, and seen how my country has changed before, and after gun control. And I can say that population density is a piss poor excuse to use to imply that we have less gun related crime as a result of people living in less densely populated areas. It doesn't really have anything to do with whether you've lived in either country.
Bottom line is gun control reduced gun related deaths, not population density, the [numbers]( speak [for themselves](
And I should also point out, that gun ownership has not gone down as gun related deaths have gone down, gun control did NOT take everyone's guns away, [we have just as many guns now, as we did before Port Arthur](
@_date: 2015-04-12 14:12:19
[Me too, me too.](
@_date: 2015-03-22 09:46:54
I'd say we're still very solidly in the innovator phase right now. In a couple years after Bitcoin gets it's roots into the existing financial system, which it is doing now, *then* we'll see some fantastic growth. Right now people are still trying to wrap their head around it, build tools and services to use it, making it simple and secure for end users, etc. 
What's really exciting is that this is just the beginning, and Bitcoin is increasingly getting better in every respect, whether it be wallets, multisig, Bitcoin marketplaces, brokers, exchanges, legitimacy/legality is almost a foregone conclusion at this stage. 
It feels just like the cambrian explosion. All these creative, fanciful, weird, innovative and also horrible ideas, all piling up and refining themselves to create a true ecosystem built on Bitcoin's blockchain.
@_date: 2015-03-13 14:46:23
The core devs have already [turned down the possibility of zerocash ever being integrated into Bitcoin]( and it would serve a far better purpose as a sidechain anyway. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 11:21:22
The coolest thing I ever bought with bitcoin was the first thing I ever bought with Bitcoin. This was back in the days when Bitcoin was still in it's infancy and buying things, especially physical objects was very difficult.
I was still trying to convince myself that Bitcoin was actually a useful way to buy things but it's hard to convince yourself when you've never really used it, I was itching to use it to not only prove to myself that these bitcoin tokens were valuable, but also so that I could have a chance to spend some. I didn't want to buy digital things, I wanted to buy something that I could hold in my hand and say unequivocally that it is valuable and someone was willing to part with it for bitcoin.
I settled on buying a [couple]( of [these]( from a small, relatively unknown new webshop called  which looks far more professional now.
I'd believed in Bitcoin previous to this, but had never had the pleasure of actually buying something tangible with it, I also didn't want to get scammed of my coins so I was still holding tight to them, but my desire to spend them was getting stronger than my fear of losing them so I took a chance and hoped I hadn't just given away my coins to a scam site. It was on receiving my coins that the penny finally dropped and the feeling that this was a real currency system with a real economy really started to sink in. Up to that point I wanted it to be real, but after my first purchase I knew it was real. 
That, "this bitcoin thing is real and it's working" feeling was something I'll never forget and if I still had any doubts in my mind up until then, they were well and truly gone once I held those little coins in my hand. 
This is why I often say that people should lead by example rather than simply talk people's ears off about Bitcoin. People respond to actions much better than words and its far harder to deny Bitcoin's utility when it happens right before their eyes.
So yeah, those little silver coins are still the coolest things I've ever bought with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:39:46
THANKYOU! Someone finally gets it :). I hardly thought the message I was trying to portray was that vague.
@_date: 2015-03-14 10:29:18
True, tried Tor browser bundle with defaults and Electrum still synched. I'll ammend that as an optional.
@_date: 2015-03-11 10:09:04
Gavin was instrumental in implementing multisig ([BIP16]( so I guess according to your criteria, Gavin can already do the impossible.
@_date: 2015-03-09 13:54:49
I'm actually surprised more services don't have yubikey security TBH.
@_date: 2015-11-02 13:44:21
That's what I did.
God damnit. *updates sign over computer*
"I have not posted in for ~~26~~ 0 days."
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:58:07
[Real mature.](
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:16:59
To be swimming in a tank with that many predators for 6 years, I'd say the honey badger is holding his own like a boss. :D
@_date: 2015-03-04 15:50:03
Banks will do whatever isn't yet illegal, and luckily Bitcoin has dodged the legality bullet so I'm pretty sure it's just a matter of time before they start to find ways to take advantage of it.
@_date: 2015-03-30 08:55:07
[Trezor]( is cross-compatible as they support [BIP32]( [BIP39]( and [BIP42]( for the generation of the users private keys. Trezor/Ledger is also compatible with [other software wallets]( Trezor's/[Ledger's]( plugins and website code is also Open Source. 
This means that even if the hardware fails, they can be imported to open source software wallets and you still have full access to your Bitcoin. I don't have all the links above, but that should give you a general idea. 
The short answer is not to worry, they use open standards and it is all open source enough so that you are not dependent on any single hardware wallet, at least in Trezor and Ledger's case. [Coolwallet]( which should be released in a few months will be doing much the same as Ledger and Trezor.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:49:02
No worries, glad my explanation helped :)
@_date: 2015-03-16 06:30:02
Our societies are incredibly wasteful right now. We have a quantity over quality mentality when it comes to jobs , we create jobs for the sake of productivity , not because that job fills a need in society. Industries around the world are constantly peddling goods and services that have almost no purpose , they are neither useful, aesthetic, or even give us a quality experience (swag is a good example of these toxic industries). If machines were paying us, then they actually need to serve a real need in society if they are going to last longer than a few months. People would run the services that only turn a profit so useless machines that make things no-one wants or needs would quickly disappear. The thing is these services build on the bitcoin network so they won't need to use POW to function. Imagine if people were paid to seed file repositories. Any Joe can do that. Sidechains also fit into this role, but we'll have to wait a while for them, but DACs are possible right now and its just a matter of them being made so people can start using them.
@_date: 2015-03-14 09:48:21
There has actually been threads here of people who have lost their coins using only Tails. The theory was that the user connected to a rogue exit node that sniffed his data before it entered the tor network and this allowed the node to identify the machine and subsequently hack it. [Here's the thread on it]( Keep in mind this guy was not using a hardware wallet and this meant that all the information needed to access his bitcoin wallet was on the computer. The poor guy tried to do everything right, but if the information is not somehow separated from the machine being hacked, then the coins will always be vulnerable to theft, it's the reason why hardware wallets (or offline wallets) are necessary as they break the link with the computer that's connected to the internet and the private keys so that only the user has the final say on whether a transaction can be signed or not.
Edit: It also could have been that the rogue presented a phishing site to the user to intercept his traffic and literally gave all his sensitive Bitcoin wallet information to the rogue node that way.
@_date: 2015-03-06 08:28:22
@_date: 2015-03-06 13:51:04
I always believed it was 120, does anyone have a source? All I've found is [this]( from exactly a year ago. 
Edit: On further rummaging I found [D&amp;T say it's 100 for the protocol, but 120 for the Bitcoin QT (Core) client](
@_date: 2015-03-19 14:43:09
No we will not agree, because more rules won't stop thieves. Thieves by their very nature ignore/subvert/break the rules to take from others, we need to toughen up people, not keep on adding layers upon layers of restrictions that punish those that do the right thing, and that thieves have no interest in following anyway.
Unfortunately more technology/rules does not make things safer, people need to stop depending on others to keep them safe. We have an abundance of greedy, impatient, naive and gullible people in the regulated world and the digital world so it really doesn't matter which world you try and clamp down on, until people start lifting their game and start being proactive about protecting themselves and actually *scrutinise* who they are dealing with, and act with caution, theft will remain a solid business model in both worlds. 
@_date: 2015-03-31 04:37:43
If the mods are not going to remove obvious spam then I'll simply stop reporting. Mods are supposed to be the first line of defence when it comes to spam, users the last, if some good posts get accidentally cleaned from the feed, so be it, I'd rather that than having to report every goddamned piece of trash that floats my way in order to get to the quality posts.
MOD is shirking his/her duties as a mod and should be relieved of his/her position. Taking every high level decision to the mob for consideration demonstrates that he/she has no capacity for making hard decisions. This is an obvious case of spam, and should be acted on, if the mob doesn't like it *then* the mob should appeal to the mods to reverse it. Not the other way round.
@_date: 2015-03-19 16:30:30
There's a special criteria for spending a transaction called nlocktime. This is usually set to 0, which means it can be broadcast and included in a block immediately, but if it is set to a particular number, say for example, the current number of blocks in the blockchain +6, it means miners will only be able to include this transaction in a block in an hour's time. This refund transaction has this criteria set (which both Alice and Bob agree on ahead of time) and means that the transaction can't be spent and included in a block until the blockchain reaches a certain number of blocks equal to or greater than the nlocktime variable. So while the coins are sitting in the multisig address on the blockchain, and the refund transaction to move them exists, that transaction is essentially frozen until the blockchain gets long enough to satisfy the nlocktime value. 
Alice can't create a different refund transaction either as the multisig address is shared between Alice and Bob. In other words, Alice generates a regular address, as does Bob, they share these addresses (the public key) with each other and using that combination of Alice and Bob's public keys can create an identical address on both sides that becomes the multisig address public key, neither of them have the private key for the multisig address though as that is still held safely and privately by Alice and Bob. Once Alice and Bob agree on a multisig address, the refund transaction can be created and signed by both of them, Alice can't do anything without Bob also providing the rest of the information to sign the rest of the transaction. But remember, Alice has to create the refund transaction with Bob first, before the coins move anywhere (to the multisig address), and at that stage the multisig address is already locked in too. Once the coins are moved to the multisig address, Alice can't decide to move the coins from the multisig later unless both Alice and Bob play nice. Once the coins move, they are locked until the refund transaction becomes vaild, and until that time arrives, Alice has to play nice with Bob if Alice wants what Bob has.
@_date: 2015-03-08 18:33:55
I never disagreed with that statement, but its hardly as simple as saying that was the sole reason, it was one of the reasons the block propagation was set at 10 minutes. It was your second paragraph where you started making things up that I took issue with.
@_date: 2015-03-16 16:39:32
@_date: 2015-03-16 18:56:34
It would make auditing a nightmare/impossible. OP has already highlighted that CC and CP would not be implementable as they depend on a trail of ownership where the previous owners all lead back to the original colored coin. Same with counterparty when the initial coins were deposited, they were deposited to a specific address, and from them the corresponding colored coins were made. I'm still a bit fuzzy on CP coins and how they function exactly though so I may be wrong.
The thing is there is nothing stopping others tumbling if they want, just like other aspects of the Bitcoin payment system, they are optional. People can have the reversibility of payments in Bitcoin via escrow and multisig, but you are never forced into using if if you don't want to or don't need to.
@_date: 2015-03-11 06:18:05
In the long term Bitcoin will need a constant bedrock of transactions on a daily basis to pay miners to keep the network secure, once the block reward has sufficiently shrunk, transaction fees will be Bitcoin's bread and butter and it will desperately need many transactions on a constant basis streaming through to keep it profitable for miners, remittances is practically the best use case for users that utilise Bitcoin, and will be a godsend for Bitcoin 10 years from now. Bitcoin will enable transmission of value around the world that can be easily turned back to the person's local currency, with extremely low risk to volatility, and bitcoin gets a constant stream of transactions with fees to keep the network chugging along.
In the long term, I think remittances is going to be a match made in heaven for Bitcoin and it's users, the fact that people cash out to other currencies will be neither here nor there.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:37:49
Negative interest means, don't save, spend/invest, or we'll take it from you, its a ploy to offset inflation by forcing others to pump the money they are holding into the economy rather than have to create more money to keep the economic wheels turning. All you are seeing is the keep-calm-and-carry-on facade, things are not OK. Check this [video to see why interest rates hitting zero is NOT a good thing as it is a sign that things are coming to a head]( It means the economy is facing the prospect of a deleverage and it means that the economy has been pushed to it's limit and will hit the wall and it is only a matter of time.
@_date: 2015-11-01 07:27:28
Have a look at they're working on making it possible.
@_date: 2015-03-30 13:30:40
If that's the case, then use testnet.
@_date: 2015-03-11 07:50:16
It can work two ways, either more transactions propagate through the system and this makes up for the reduction in block reward, or transactions remain the same but the lowering in block-reward reduces the supply of bitcoin, thus forcing it's value to rise, negating the need for the increase in transactions.
The second scenario is fine for the next 15-20 years or so, but eventually the second scenario needs to kick in if Bitcoin want to be around in 50 years. In essence both will probably happen and as the scarcity increases, more people will be drawn to Bitcoin and have greater incentive to spend as the coins rise in value (as it will increase people's disposable income) thus increasing transactions. I think the dynamic between the two will help to ensure that mining will continue to be profitable in the future and help keep the chain secure but it's still not a certainty. Only time will tell whether this is how things will play out.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:07:30


I haven't actually followed p2pool for a long time now. Defunct as it is in the mining scene. It's good to know p2pool is at least gaining something from IBLT already.


No time unfortunately, I see Bitcoin as a hobby and a time waster, my real job is to finish my PhD so you should take my opinion with a grain of salt as Bitcoin is only something I follow, not live and breath. But my profession is evolutionary learning algorithms in computer science. I'm not blowing wind when I say that the incentives for populations to co-operate is more beneficial than selfish populations. 
You are very confident in your predictions though. I encourage you to direct me to your math and simulations that make you so confident that these conclusions you come to are so concrete. I am no stranger to academic papers, or math, please link to any/all resources that back up your claims. If you have code for these simulations, I encourage you to share them. Then we can all sit on the same page and view your results with an open mind unhindered by bias, or agenda.
@_date: 2015-03-08 10:42:51
I guess we should round up all the farmers that struck it rich when they found oil on their land and take all that from them because they didn't deserve it too eh?
People that hold an asset that appreciates for whatever reason don't simply have it forcibly taken from them because the appreciation was unintended. What you are hinting at is socialism and it has no place in a free market. If I bought 1000 bitcoins for 10 cents each for shits and giggles and 10 years later they are worth 10,000 usd each, does that mean I don't deserve to reap the benefits? Or are you going to cry "that's not fair!" seize my property and then redistribute it to those that laughed at me 10 years ago when I said Bitcoin was going to go to the moon.
That is the kind of world you are proposing.
@_date: 2015-03-24 09:32:34
Indeed, "won't be fungible across borders" what does that even mean? And besides that I believe the inverse is true. At large scales Bitcoin will be dealing with millions of transactions, maybe if we're lucky on a daily basis, making it even easier to protect transaction privacy, even for large amounts.
IMO all they are trying to do is rustle up some good old fashioned fear to push their Zerocash.
@_date: 2015-03-15 09:19:20


@_date: 2015-03-11 12:01:11
More transactions -&gt; more fees -&gt; more money per block being mined -&gt; more miners -&gt; more security via infrastructure (increased hashrate) and decentralisation.
@_date: 2015-03-14 11:43:15
I'm personally not a security researcher (my research field is artificial intelligence, computer vision algorithms, and evolutionary learning and such) so take my opinion with a grain of salt. I think if the user takes the proper precautions, running Electrum over Tor can be fairly safe. Use of SSL would probably mitigate most of the damage a rogue tor node could do as only the end points could see the content and using a VPN would ensure that rogue nodes have a much harder time of identifying which computer is connected to which IP. The threat is definitely there but it's difficult to teach proper OpSec to end users, but I agree that more needs to be done to simplify, streamline and most importantly educate users on best practices when it comes to securing their coins. All I can say is thank god hardware wallets are emerging now, they are definitely going to save a lot of people a lot of money and heartache. End users still find physical devices compared to software the easier of the two to use and setup properly. I'm quite certain that hardware wallets are going to aid in better security practice for end users than software unfortunately even though software is relatively easy to setup, free and more secure. Hidden electrum services would definitely not hurt and would definitely help obfuscate who is connecting to an electrum server as the exit node would never ever see the traffic reach the destination.
Having Electrum with Tor out of the box would be nice but it has it's downsides too as it would need to be maintained and such, but making Electrum and Tor easier to setup would be grand. The browser bundle always feels clunky to me and it would be much better it it could be a standalone program that was setup to capture any/all traffic generated from programs based on the users preference and forcefully route it through Tor rather than having to make every program individually setup/integrated with Tor. As it stands now, I feel we definitely have enough tools to safely obfuscate transaction traffic but I'm quite certain that there is room for improvement and I have no illusions that the bad guys are always going to be working on ways to mitigate/break/get ahead of the current security we have in place.
@_date: 2015-03-14 04:42:48
You also forgot to say "Why is the price going down!???". Almost as annoying as the inverse, "Why is the price going up?".
I really hate those annoying posts, so you should add that one in for good measure too.
@_date: 2015-03-03 12:17:19
But just because a wallet is open source doesn't mean a developer is going to step in to improve a wallet's design. I find designers are few and far between, and finding a good one is very very hard, UI design is a long protracted process that few have the patience to implement when wallet's feature sets and use cases are changing monthly.
If you want to find designers then wallet makers should be the ones making the call for them to contribute, the back end guys should be inviting designers to help, as designers aren't going to waste their time on a project where their efforts are seen as a hinderance or not appreciated as interface design plays a huge part in the overall operation of a wallet. You can't expect a bunch of designers to contribute half-hearted changes in the hope some more will later pick up the torch either. 
Designers, unlike most contributors, need to be in for the long haul, and can't be piecemeal contributors. Likewise, having too many will mean your interface will be a shambles unless the designers work as a team and have a coherent vision for how wallet workflows will unfold and can effectively communicate with other designers they work with, as well as communicating with the users that use or will use the wallet.
@_date: 2015-03-02 05:58:40
Trezor in your case really is the best option. It is the securest and easiest way to keep coins secure IMO both for cold storage, and spending. As long as you keep your backup seed in a safe place (a bunch of 24 words you write down), you are golden. It also has other optional security features on the device that make it even safer/more secure than other alternatives too.
For tech novices, there really isn't anything much better. Everything else involves much more effort and tech knowhow to use safely. The Trezor may be expensive, but it really is worth the money if you want to use Bitcoin but aren't technically inclined and intend to have a significant amount of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-26 04:28:41
I've [commented on flair in the past]( I dismissed it back then but I can see that it could serve a valuable purpose, but it would be a double edged sword. I personally have lost my RES settings twice over the years and lost valuable tagging info so flair is not altogether a bad idea as long as mods don't hand out flair like candy and try to be impartial and thorough to avoid abuse. I think it would help new users and give trolls less opportunity to manipulate or distort discussions. If you want to reduce abuse, spam and disruptive trolling, flairs is not an entirely bad idea, and could clean up discussions a great deal.
I think it would be great to weed out disruptive users and make things easier for company reps, but I can almost guarantee it is going to give the mods more work, and there will be drama if the mods aren't super careful. The mods are going to put themselves in a position where they can be possibly manipulated, and they are going to act with bias if they aren't careful. I'd avoid giving titles like "Bitcoin core dev" because lets be honest, that is nebulous and bitcoin core devs can come and go, meaning mods will need to keep track of it, not to mention that mods can be biased, and it excludes other projects that are just as deserving. Instead a more general title like "Prominent Bitcoin Developer", or "Bitcoin Developer - [Project Name]" or something along those lines is far more inclusive of other Bitcoin projects and doesn't show preference or deference to one group over another.
I think having flair for early users would be sweet (I'm personally biased in this case though as I am one ;) ), but mods need to be aware that they are going to have to go to the effort to be rigorous and not show bias again. If any kind of flair is used, it should be general in some way, maybe defined as "Early User - 20xx", who can prove forum membership or contribution, or "Early Adopter/Miner - 20xx" for miners or people that would like to claim they mined a block back in the day. [2010]'ers, or early forum users should be able to prove they are old users either via account history, or even better if they are an early Bitcoin user from 2010, and they want to prove they were, or want to claim "I mined a block back in the day!", simply sign a message that can be verified on the blockchain to prove you were an early user ;). It may take more than that though as even then, it could be manipulated, it may require a combination of an old account and old address/mined block to avoid shenanigans.
Flair for companies should be very rigorous as it will be exploited by scammers trying to put on an air of legitimacy via this sub, maybe prefacing it with "Company Rep - XYZ", as well as a disclaimer in the sidebar so that users are aware that the mods don't specifically endorse any company, just that they recognise that the account is used by the representative of that company
So, personally, I think it is a net positive idea, but I think mods need to accept the fact that they are going to have to be super rigorous and need to make sure they are not injecting bias, or open themselves to manipulation by scammers hoping to give an air of legitimacy to their scams. It is going to be a lot of work for you guys (the mods) so I hope that if they do go ahead with something like this they try to be as impartial and rigorous as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-15 11:40:12
The funds being spent are initially locked to an address (using multisig) that prevents the spender from making a double spend.
[Details are in here](
Essentially, the money is moved to a multisig address that alice and bob jointly control (a 2/2 multisig address) first, a refund transaction which can only be redeemed a certain time in the future is agreed upon before the funds are sent to the multisig address so that Alice is able to recover her coins if Bob tries to sabotage the connection or the connection is lost for whatever reason, this is created by Alice and shared with Bob, who also signs it and sends it back to Alice, then Alice sends the funds to the multisig address. As Alice uses Bob's service, Alice makes lots of 2/2 signed transactions of small amounts and sends them to Bob, progressively increasing the amount as Bob delivers on his end of the bargain. As the transaction is 2/2, and Alice has already signed her end, all Bob need to do to spend the Bitcoins that Alice has spent is add his signature and he can collect the money at any time, he will naturally only sign the transaction with the largest amount so only the most recent transaction is signed and broadcast. Because the Bitcoins being spent this way are always from the multisig adress they both agreed upon, Bob doesn't need to worry about the funds being doublespent by Alice as they are already locked to the 2/2 multisig address and cannot be refunded until a certain while later which was initially agreed upon by both Bob and Alice before the funds were ever sent to the multisig address.
If for whatever reason Bob breaks the connection before Alice ever sends a transaction the funds are not lost so Alice is never at risk of losing her money if Bob tries to sabotage the transaction, she can simply use the refund transaction that was agreed upon and signed before the Bitcoins were sent to the multisig address.
Hope that clears that up.
tl;dr multi-sig is used during the transactions to ensure the funds go to the right party and no-one is scammed of their coins.
@_date: 2015-03-19 12:22:21
Next, CoolWallet. :)
@_date: 2015-03-08 08:23:42
One I've found particularly common is the "lost coins problem" and how this will destroy Bitcoin by causing immense deflation and such. It's been brought up literally for years.
There always seems to be some one that knows little about Bitcoin who latches onto this and starts to trumpet either how this "flaw" demonstrates how Bitcoin is going to fail, or even more embarrassingly, starts loud-mouthing about how he can fix it and *must* be fixed if Bitcoin is to succeed. I have several or so links from Bitcointalk that I saved because it just refused to go away and whenever someone brings up the topic again I just drop them so it saves everyone the effort.
@_date: 2015-03-05 03:27:50
@_date: 2015-03-16 13:04:23
Ross was in it to get something out of it, it didn't matter whether it was illegal or not, he was driven by greed, and ego, he didn't give a damn about anyone and he wanted his regardless of which feet he stepped on.
If I'm going to look up to anyone, I'll look up to people like Manning and Snowden. Those people have integrity. And when they say they are doing something for the betterment of society, they actually mean it and aren't doing it to make a profit. They've made huge sacrifices, at great cost to their freedoms, so that we can make our society better. 
Ross, like Satoshi, regardless of their actual motivations, are simply paraded by others to promote political causes, that's what people are doing.
@_date: 2015-03-14 08:19:08
Thanks for the info, you should make the point that the settings changes you are referring to is for Electrum. I also had to make changes to the /etc/proxychains.conf config and change it from 9050 to 9150 to make sure it worked.
A suggestion, some instructions on confirming that the Electrum traffic is indeed being routed through Tor once it is setup. Truth be told though, once you run the proxychains command you can see the output anyway but sans proxychains it can be a bit uncertain whether the electrum traffic is routing or not.
Other than that, great instructions, you've just made my wallet completely anonymous and with my Trezor attached to Electrum, about as secure/anonymous as it can possibly get. All we need now is tails with electrum 2.0 loaded by default and things will be looking very pretty good. I made some illustrated instructions on exactly what you have to change in electrum and the Tor browser bundle in the hope it might streamline your instructions. 
Doing the following two things should give you 99% privacy in most cases sending/receiving transactions when it comes to logging of IP addresses and it is pretty damn easy. These instructions also should be OS agnostic and work on Windows, Linux, and Mac. They're all open source pieces of software and they've all available on each OS, it also doesn't require you to do any command line stuff either, just make the changes and run the tor browser bundle, then run Electrum and it should just work^^tm.
What you need to change in (optional as it may still work with the default settings) [Tor browser bundle](
What you need to change in [Electrum](
Hopefully I got all that right. That's exactly what I did and seems to be working. I'm assuming the proxychains bit is only something you'd need to do on the first run if you want 100% anonymity so that you can make the initial changes outlined above, rather than something you do every single time you start up electrum.
Ed: typos, further explanations.
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:50:25
I know, the irony is not lost on me. Happy cake day!
@_date: 2015-03-21 20:14:41


Please excuse me but I'm going to be blunt. You live with the romantic ideal that somehow everything will turn out allright, that the corrupt will be found out and prosecuted, that the earth can be renewed, that no matter how much we fuck it (society/youth/the world/whatever) up, that it will find a way to repair and renew itself, and that most importantly, that people can change, and will learn from their mistakes. On all these counts you are wrong, and it is only those few among us that ruthlessly force change that actually see the world move forward.
Don't kid yourself. 
Good ideas fail. We've seen it before. [Galileo and the catholic church is one of the classics]( You speak up against those that still hold power over you, and you're as good as fucked.


Or mistakes to learn from, no? (Galileo)
Good ideas are also forced down if enemies get wind of the fact. Take two examples with you from this. Galileo and the Catholic church, and Darwin's theory of evolution. Galileo snubbed his nose and went head on with the leaders of the church, one man against a behemoth and was wrecked. Darwin educated the neonates and students in the field far more subtly, and he did it far and wide, before the catholic church even had a chance to act on it.
Which do you think was the wiser strategy?
@_date: 2015-03-27 14:59:15
True, they've been trying to de-anonymise the financial system since forever.
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:13:29
The 12 words is what is called a seed for a [deterministic wallet]( It makes backing up bitcoin addresses extremely easy and simple.
If you are going to use a wallet, try to use one that uses deterministic wallets as they are cross compatible usually and simplifies a great many things when it comes to managing a wallet.
If you are going to buy a fair amount of Bitcoin I'd also recommend you look into hardware wallets, like trezor or ledger wallets as they doth use deterministic wallets, and are very good at isolating the wallet from the internet without greatly impeding the spending of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-03-12 02:41:25
FWIW I found your discussion civil and constructive even though there are children here that act otherwise. :) 1 internet
@_date: 2015-03-11 14:55:48
[This video]( is a great one for people to get started with as it very succinctly describes the Bitcoin network, but most importantly highlights the Bitcoin network's potential to have a huge impact, not just in the money space but in many other areas, and that is why people that "get it" are really excited about it. It doesn't get into multisig and such, but as a primer I think it's fantastic, without getting complicated or political or philosophical.
Edit: typo
@_date: 2015-03-14 15:12:30
Let me answer your question with a question. How is Etherium better than Bitcoin?
Ed: If you're having trouble answering, or getting a straight answer from others I have a great [site for you that can help](
@_date: 2015-03-04 15:42:53
Been around since 2010 when "Bitcoin" was a wxWidgets client, tiny daemon, a forum, and a smattering of CPU cycles, and that was it.
It's kinda like witnessing when the Wright brothers flew to the first commercial airliner...
It's fucking AMAZING to see how far Bitcoin has come and how much it has evolved/grown in 5 years :D.
@_date: 2015-03-28 14:23:21
It still advantages small miners even if the big miners refuse to contribute after they reach 30%+ hashrate. 30% hashrate will not let you withhold blocks for very long though, and making a doublespend is a very high stakes risk. Once people know the network has been compromised confidence will likely plummet (along with the price) future returns are also gone, along with your millions of dollars of now-useless hardware and effort. All this is going to need to be outweighed by the doublespend. As in the prisoners dilemma, co-operation is seen as more advantageous than betrayal. Even evolutionarily that has been the case. We've had millions of years to experiment with ruthless singleminded selfishness among populations, and co-operation over prolonged periods is far more advantageous to everyone, including the big players than cutting and running.
Besides that, I don't look at IBLT in a vacuum. It has been abundantly evident that p2pool adoption is an utter failure. It has not had the effect of decentralising mining as everyone hoped it would as centralised mining is far more efficient. This has naturally led us to big miners having an advantage over smaller ones as they can operate more profitably and efficiently. However, even if you dismiss IBLT on it's own, IBLT could be used in conjunction with p2pool to boost the cost efficiency of small miners and get p2pool back on it's feet. P2Pool already requires everyone mine the same block, so IBLT should make p2pool mining much more efficient when they are sharing transaction pools and broadcasting blocks. Lot's of small miners will benefit from this and P2Pool would prevent the sabotage you speak of.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:54:39
I think you got it mostly right. Mismanagement by the people in power (i.e. those people you say we should trust). We also did more than that, we erased our deficit, but it came at the cost of productivity too (IOW the economy became focused on quality over quantity as our unemployment went up to 10% at it's highest which lasted a year or two as many low productivity jobs were shed.
After our spending declined and our productivity improved, only then did inflation lower, and only then could we recover. This whole, lower the interest rates, lend, lend, lend and things will get better simply doesn't work. The central banks have barely 100 years of history with any of this so to trust them blindly by essentially saying "they know what they are doing" is passing the buck and using blind faith.
I don't trust governments to do the right thing (as I've already highlighted, they completely fucked my country's economy for several years and made my family's life hell, and they will do it again if we the people don't keep a close eye on them, the whole third party independent institution that is the central bank is bullshit, and shame on you for letting them fix the problems perpetuated by politicians that cause this mismanagement of industry/government), I will not trust a  system where men in suits, given powers by politicians that weasel their way into power, are the ones we should be turning to.
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:56:04
I have no interest in trying to have a civil discussion with someone who's closing remarks is,
"Fuck off you insignificunt.".
I, on this sub and elsewhere on the internet, no matter how riled I am, neither drunk, nor sober, whether it be with a normal user, or even the most aggravating of trolls, openly tell people to fuck off, or ever call them a cunt. 
Learn how to calm down before you start typing, and try again some other day. You've already clearly demonstrated you are not able to handle criticism and I have no interest in dealing with persons that can't control their temper.
There's and old phrase that you should keep in mind in the future:
["He who raises his voice first loses the argument."](
@_date: 2015-03-15 08:40:48
Well, the Euro took about 6 years in planning and was plagued by politics. Some say it was a miracle that the Euro even became a currency in the first place. I'd say that if there ever were a state sanctioned, decentralised (!?) digital currency network similar to Bitcoin, you can expect it to take at least that long before it would even see the light of day. I'd also expect a shitstorm of backroom politics and such. That in itself usually finds many ways to stall and deadlock decisions on such things too. I think you'd find it would never make it through the senate and if it did, I highly doubt it would be anything like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:58:11
It could've been, but he was always playing with fire. If we decide to believe his story, that still doesn't really get him off the hook, it just means that there are more players, and that the rabbit hole goes deeper than the government wants to let us know.
Even if MK wasn't involved in the operation of SR I sure do hope he gets what is coming to him regarding Gox, IMO, Silk Road was small bananas compared to the literally hundreds of millions of dollars that MK has stripped tens of thousands of people of. I wish the authorities were investigating Gox as vigorously as SR that's for sure.
I've always wondered about *why* we still haven't seen a resolution to the Gox debarcle and I still reckon that authorities are waiting for the SR cases to resolve before they move on GOX as they are connected in some way. The fact that MK is so silent is a good indicator that authorities have made him keep silent or he has good reason to remain silent on the matter because of the authorities' investigations.
My beginning of year bet is that the truth of Gox will be revealed this year and we'll see charges laid so I hope I'm right. This shit is just dragging out far too long, and I think everyone in the Bitcoin community would like to see some resolution to the situation.
@_date: 2015-03-07 03:58:04
Don't forget the fact that many countries' interest rates are now zero or even worse, in the negatives! Some countries are already on the cusp of or in the hyperinflation stage already, and countries around the world (first world countries mind you, not the down and out third worlders) are printing money like crazy in the hope of spending themselves into recovery (!??). 
IMO the writing has been on the wall for years but now we're seeing the types of activities that scream collapse in front of everyone's face and yet the vast majority still seem to be in this keep-calm-and-carry-on mentality...
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.
@_date: 2015-03-14 12:01:14
Yes, that's 100% true about Luke's antics, and makes sense that other alts would shun sha256, that said though, I'm fairly certain namecoin is sha256, that might be worth looking into, though it might be that it's already merge-mined to it's limit.
@_date: 2015-03-11 10:56:10
True, but there's no harm in making it even harder to control ;). Bitcoin users should not rest on their laurels and think "this is good enough" because even though they hardly ever admit it, the rest of the world despises how free Bitcoin is and will always be striving to peel back the layers of freedom around Bitcoin until we are back at square one again. I feel sidechains will be the catalyst for true freedom and anonymity in the Bitcoin world and should be ruthlessly pursued 
(as well as other projects) to ensure Bitcoin's continued freedom into the future.
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:27:28
Goddamn, there is just not enough [popcorn.](
@_date: 2015-03-20 04:31:12


This is precisely the point. But the Etherium developers are only interested in Etherium, which betrays their motivations for the reason why Etherium is still around. They are doing it for the money, not to make a better system. Their absurd, "funding", coin distribution process and so on demonstrate that they work on Etherium because it allows them total control over the system they are designing. They want to do anything and everything with Etherium regardless of whether it's a good idea or not, and they want to get paid to do it.
As I've said before, a long time ago when they initially announced Etherium and it's absurd funding, as well as it's lofty promises of this and that, it is a solution in search of a problem, and unfortunately they've roped in a bunch of eager opportunists to help fund that agenda. Now that the money is spent and the deadlines are approaching though, they're going to be under the hammer to produce on their promises, so if they've got nothing of production value, expect the excuses to start rolling in. 
@_date: 2015-03-15 09:10:53
The things happening nowadays is still frenetic IMO, it's just a whole lot less in your face (IOW instead of people making impossible claims and promises, they're making the products first, *then* announcing them to the world), just because we don't see hugely controversial posts, pie in the sky promises by scammers (and sometimes legit entrepreneurs), and massive price swings drawing in flocks of people daily doesn't mean Bitcoin activity/innovation/interest has flagged. I personally am as hooked as ever :D and every day we see new Bitcoin related projects surfacing and even new use cases for Bitcoin! It's a very exciting time right now IMO. 
Remember, we recently had an announcement that a Bitcoin company called 21 inc. got a share of 116 million dollars in VC money. This is almost half of the entire amount of VC money poured into Bitcoin in 2014! If this is what you consider dead then keep it coming! ;)
@_date: 2015-03-16 18:36:50
I'm very tempted to poke this hornets nest you've created for yourself but It's getting late and the fact of the matter is all you've done is resorted to abuse to make your points. That's not an argument or facts. That's being a bully.
If it makes you feel better, or something, please respond with some tirade about how right you are, and really let the abuse fly, use every abusive word in your vocabulary you've got to put me in my place, really let'er rip with the belittling language, say that my posting this is because I have no way of intelligently responding to your *obviously* superior facts and razor sharp intelligence, and really dig in with *probing* insults that attack my self esteem and try and make me feel inadequate, get it out of your system so you can feel superior or whatever, but believe me, honestly and truly, and this is from the heart,
[I really don't care about your opinion on the matter.](
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2015-03-03 13:01:34
This really needs to be on the electrum website along with Windows/OSX instructions so that everyone at least has a hint at how to get Electrum working with the Trezor.
I've seen kit computers that are easier to get started on compared to Electrum's mystifyingly complex and barren instructions/information.
@_date: 2015-03-14 10:21:24


The rogue node waits for a tor node to connect with it and it watches for any user that tries to connect with a bitcoin wallet website, then rather than forward the request into the Tor network to the genuine site, it simply redirects it to one of it's sites that is a copy of the original and if the user enters in their credentials that allows full access to the Bitcoin wallet, it subsequently uses that information to send the coins to themselves.
The weak link is not the Electrum servers in this instance, it is the fact that tor exit nodes can't be trusted and too many people are lax about sending their data in the clear.


I already linked to a thread where this has already happened in the previous post, here it is again though.
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:36:24


Well if you can't articulate what you mean properly, then I suggest you refrain from the discussion.
Making excuses "for the little guys and the battlers" shows just how selective you are about who should have what, as if you are the one that gets to decide who gets to use Bitcoin and who is locked out, or marginalised, you are no better than governments that do exactly the same. It shouldn't matter whether the entity is big or small. Australia sit's on the [world's largest deposits of uranium]( and could easily corner the uranium/nuclear market if we so please. [Same with China and rare earths]( But cornering the market also means you can crash it. 
You are trying to say it's not fair, but I'm trying to tell you that it doesn't matter whether it is fair or not, that is the way it is and the markets are the only ways that it is going to stabilise itself. Bitcoin is not unique and there are lots of other markets with similar situations, CEOs that hold &gt;50% of share in a company can crash their valuation by dumping their shares for example. Besides that, anyone that holds the lion's share is not only taking a huge risk holding such a volatile asset, but will also have a great deal of trouble disposing of it as the markets can tank very easily if handled incorrectly, meaning they walk away with nothing if they aren't careful.
Edit: Lets also not forget the oil market and how the Saudis are causing absolute havoc with the price by pushing up supply and dropping the price to 1/3 of what it was last year.
The bottom line is you don't get to choose who participates in the Bitcoin market, so if you don't like it find a market that you think is "more fair" and use that.
@_date: 2015-03-23 17:51:04


I can answer that for you, divisibility. As Bitcoin rises in value it's extra decimals allow for more value to be exchanged.
Now I know what you are going to say, "what about someone that mined 50 BTC on his machine when it was near worthless?".
I say good on him for keeping those bitcoins safe so that they can be recirculated later. He has provided a valuable service by protecting those bitcoins for so long through all the volatility and uncertainty and should be rewarded for his persistence, dilligence, and strong will.
I know what you're about to say, "The Bitcoin markets will be uncertain! How can we trust them?!!?". Welcome to every stock and resource since time began. In many ways Bitcoin is actually more transparent and honest than traditional markets though. Do you know how much gold is going to be pulled out of the ground this year. I can tell you with much higher certainty how many Bitcoins will be mined. 
You will not get a better result than this and you need to stop blowing the topic out of proportion. It is not a problem, so stop trying to make it out to look like it is.
Edit: You also need to appreciate that Bitcoin's rise in value will have huge knockon effects for the rest of the Bitcoin economy. It encourages investment, greater liquidity, spending, etc. More coins being dumped also cools heads and stabilises speculative buying. The Bitcoin economy will grow in fits and starts, I doubt it will be a steady rise for many years but it is demonstrably evident that Bitcoin's volatility has lessened over the years.
@_date: 2015-03-16 18:01:24
Indeed, there's lots of reasons not to tumble coins by default as their traceability also serves a valuable purpose. If tumbling were part of the Bitcoin protocol then a lot of innovative uses for Bitcoin wouldn't be possible.
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:11:06
That would be nice. Huge surges in price are great and all but I'd love me some slow and steady price increases. Knowing the trading community around Bitcoin though, that'd just set off a new wave of buying.
Bitcoin markets need to be more liquid and frictionless before that happens. It's getting there but it's not there yet.
@_date: 2015-03-08 16:20:35


[Sorry if I didn't make that clear. The target time between blocks will probably be 10 minutes.](
Links discussing block propagation time.


have to be increased to avoid wasting resources.  We want blocks to usually 
propagate in much less time than it takes to generate them, otherwise nodes 
would spend too much time working on obsolete blocks.
I'm planning to run an automated test with computers randomly sending payments 
to each other and randomly dropping packets.](
and further discussion regarding block propagation and the rationale to prevent double-spend attacks.


degrees of freedom -- it spreads exponentially.  It would only take
something like 2 minutes for a transaction to spread widely enough
that a competitor starting late would have little chance of grabbing
very many nodes before the first one is overtaking the whole network.
During those 2 minutes, the merchant's nodes can be watching for a
double-spent transaction.  The double-spender would not be able to
blast his alternate transaction out to the world without the merchant
getting it, so he has to wait before starting.
If the real transaction reaches 90% and the double-spent tx reaches
10%, the double-spender only gets a 10% chance of not paying, and 90%
chance his money gets spent.  For almost any type of goods, that's
not going to be worth it for the scammer.
@_date: 2015-03-15 06:24:04
Be the change you want to see in the world :)
Leading by example is the best way, whatever it is, finding ways to make your life easier with Bitcoin is the best approach. 
@_date: 2015-11-02 17:48:56
Then start PM'ing people that wish to know more, that is how the underground started.
That's what happens when people are oppressed, they take their opinions off public forums and start telling people face to face behind closed doors. That's the only way you can fight fascism.
@_date: 2015-03-19 15:58:48
Yeah, I've had people like that too. Some student from a well known American uni emailed me about a paper I published and asked whether I had any code he could use as he was working on some projects that he wanted to integrate it with.
Then said he'd prefer the code was open source etc. etc. IOW he wanted a nice little package, wrapped with a ribbon working out of the box, that I was supposed to deliver to him, no strings attached.
I instead kindly directed him to a few links on the topic and assured him that the implementation was actually quite simple and would only take a couple hours to code himself (which was true), the links had more than enough info, plus some very simple example code that even a highschooler could run that would get them results they were looking for.
It really made me grit my teeth the way he *expected* it to be open source, ready to go, in xyz language, etc. 
@_date: 2015-03-16 19:23:37
Just  thought it was interesting to reminisce, and note how devilishly  long it has taken for it to go from idea, to full blown product.
@_date: 2015-03-14 08:34:49
I'd only ever use Tails' Electrum wallet if it was 2.0 and had Trezor and other hardware wallet support as Tor is not secure enough to keep your coins from being stolen as rogue Tor nodes can intercept your traffic before it hits the Tor network and expose you. I hope tails also has support for easily setting up VPNs too as this is yet one more layer to protect user's activity from snoops.
@_date: 2015-03-15 06:02:20
Dude, I love what you guys do, I've bought your Entropy (excellent job btw), but I can't stand it when people parade Satoshi as a crusader for their own political agendas. Satoshi was all about money, the term plutocrat is usually used as a derogatory term, but in this case I consider it a term that defines Satoshi's motivations as completely non-political. 
The guy was focused on making a currency, and he was focused on making a sound and uncorruptible currency. Thats it.


You obviously haven't seen my rants about the ATO's double GST decisions :). If I'm upset it's because the tax office is sticking it's noses into places, and making arbitrary decisions it has no right to do so, but Satoshi didn't make Bitcoin untouchable so he could tickle the political jimmies of ancaps and libertarians, he did it because doing anything less would endanger it's decentralised nature and make it less accessible and attractive to use to people across the internet. The guy was all about ensuring it remained as decentralised, accessible, scalable, and robust as possible, and making sure it was as free and attractive to use as possible so that it could bootstrap itself into a self-sustaining economy.
Too many people like to twist those motivations into political agendas. It's sickening and pathetic. If you want to wave an ancap flag around Bitcoin, feel free, but so will libertarians, and so will communists, and so will republicans, democrats and so on. Bitcoin has qualities that will resonate with many different political causes, and your political cause is no more special to Bitcoin than any other.
@_date: 2015-03-26 11:27:56
I think [CoolWallet]( is probably going to be one of those devices that fills this kind of niche.
They say on their timeline they will start selling the wallets in May.
@_date: 2015-03-19 09:36:57
Open Bazaar is working on this to make markets p2p, if you want this constant cycle of people naively trusting 3rd parties and having them run off with funds, start getting involved in OB and help them.
This is what truly pisses me off about these dark markets, they call SR et al. "pioneering" and "good for bitcoin", or "safer for buyers/seller" but refuse to lift a finger to help OB, and then rant when yet again another dark market site goes dark for whatever reason.
The answer to all these problems has been staring these people in the face but they are just too fucking lazy/braindead/clueless/greedy.
Get involved in Open Bazaar if you want this shit to never happen again. The sub is and needs developer support, and I don't accept the "I can't contribute, it's not ready" line of BS people peddle. It's not ready because people expect everyone else to do the heavy lifting while they sit on their arse complaining. Go contribute code, if you can't do that, go test it if you can't code, go donate if you can't test it, or go spread the word if you can't do either of those.
GET INVOLVED IN MAKING OPEN BAZAAR WORK
@_date: 2015-03-20 08:54:12
Yep, all his actions are going to be coloured by his freemasonry ideals, but at least he doesn't hide it (though it would have been far better if he had at least been up front and clear about it). It does help explain the Satoshi round table stuff too.
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:10:28


@_date: 2015-03-27 15:48:44
* Trezor
   Pros: Simple to use, screen and buttons for verification, completely Open Source, becoming integrated with many wallets, excellent security features in case of theft/loss.
   Cons: Expensive, a little clunky as it requires you to plug it in every time (superficial con at best).
* Entropy
   Pros: Generates addresses offline and never interacts with a computer, cheapish, great for paper wallets.
   Cons: Only good for single address generation, does not store any information on the address once unplugged (maybe also a pro?), it can't spend coins.
* Ledger
   Pros: Cheaper than the Trezor, Fairly simple to use, has great security features if stolen or lost (but not quite as good as the Trezor), very compact and unobtrusive, is slowly becoming integrated with other wallets, but Trezor is still ahead of the game.
   Cons: uses closed source proprietary technology, no screen or buttons for verification, requires you use a secure machine when initialising/restoring your wallet.
Both Ledger and Trezor use the same backup process, a seed/optional passphrase AFAIK.
Entropy is a very specialised and limited type of device, mostly useful for secure one time address generation, where the user wants a quick, easy, secure way to create a private key without hassle. The Piper machine is very similar and may be worth looking into.
It all comes down to compromises. If you are tech savy and strapped for cash, you want to spend/receive Bitcoin without hassle,  but not super paranoid, the Ledger is a good choice. If you aren't tech savy, willing to spend the extra money, and want super simple and secure Bitcoin spending/receiving, or you are pretty paranoid and want the best security can offer, a Trezor is a good choice. If you are tech savy, and/or you have no interest in making Bitcoin transactions or you are super paranoid and want to generate addresses securely offline, then an Entropy might be a good fit.
@_date: 2015-03-16 10:15:08
I agree, Ross is not an angel, he has openly admitted he started Silkroad, he put himself well and truly in the firing line of authorities, and his actions has had knock-on effects to his friends and family who now suffer as a result of him taking these actions. This demonstrates he had no interest in protecting the ones he loved from harm and was acting in a completely selfish manner.
The guy is no hero of freedom in my book, he wasn't a selfless advocate, the money he got from silk road didn't go to charities, nor did he operate it as a non-profit service. He was in it for the money.
Nor was he naive, he knew exactly what he was doing and knew it is going to piss off the authorities.
How anyone can possibly look up to a person like that is beyond me. Non-violent my ass, he was practically *jumping* on a hornets nest.
@_date: 2015-03-27 04:37:55
This might not be far from the truth in the future, as CoolWallet is rechargable...
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:01:41
Why not reach out to her to release some HQ scans of her existing work licensed under CC?
@_date: 2015-03-13 07:54:17
lol, I said exactly that in [another thread on IBM]( just before you posted this, glad to see others are also seeing through their broken logic.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:16:07
Use Ross as your posterboy for freedom and justify all you like. You obviously only want to see Ross as some holy man/patriot/hero/idol/whatever that you can use to peddle your own biases, just like the authorities use him to demonise Bitcoin in the public eye. He used people for his own gain and didn't give a shit about who he hurt (do you think he ever stopped to think about how heartbroken his mother and sister were going to be if he got caught and jailed for life? And if he did, he obviously saw their happiness as disposable next to continuing to run his *very* profitable Silk Road site) and we all know he didn't do it for idealistic or selfless reasons, he easily could have run the site as a non-profit, he could have kept his distance from the illegal aspects, but he didn't, and instead made himself a target for authorities, it's a joke that anyone could see him as a role model for anything.
@_date: 2015-03-22 15:33:42


Ed: This has absolutely NOTHING to do with MICROSOFT! The QUOTE! I'm referring to the QUOTE! It could've been said by a hamster for all it matters!
Ed: **"Embrace, extend and extinguish."** &lt;--- You use this to overcome competitors. Thats is why I used this quote, because it is a strategy to overcome your competitors.
Why do you think surrender means I'm acquiescing to the other side? Did you even read the posts I've made or did you just hear the word "surrender" and make a snap judgement? 


You are a liar. Quote exactly where I said people should surrender, give up, run away, or whatever it is you think I said. Quote it.
If you even bothered to check the link I [posted in the]( OP, it is one of the lessons from the 48 laws of power, by Machiavelli. Laws designed to outmaneuver your opponents, and get what you want. I was addressing people's attitude and how they constantly want to pick fights with powerful people/governments/businessess etc. and think that Bitcoin is invincible (it isn't yet).
Ed: From the link:




Quoting platitudes shows you have no idea how to act decisively, on when to attack, when to strategically retreat, how to make allies, and defeat enemies. And gathering from the downvotes and other posts similar to yours I've received on this topic, a lot of other readers here are also equally clueless. Only [ONE guy got it]( the rest reacted like you did. [This is what I was trying to get across to you people.]( Stop treating everyone like enemies, and start getting these people as your allies so that you can reform from the inside.
@_date: 2015-03-13 09:52:05
The programmable nature of Bitcoin works because there is no trusted third party. Take away the blockchain that depends on PoW to function and trusted third parties will be required for everything. This makes it impossible to program as it will always be circumventable by the third party, and impossible to automate as the third party will always be able to veto it. It essentially means you will be stuck with exactly the same kind of system you have now as all of Bitcoin's features are only useful when used in conjunction with the blockchain and it's decentralised PoW mining.
The horse and automobile analogy is actually an apt one IMO. You are essentially taking a system that is completely self sufficient and far more powerful/empowering than it's predecessor, and then completely crippling it's usage by making it dependent on external criteria in order for it to function.
@_date: 2015-03-08 10:27:48
No worries, here's a bunch of links. 
 
* [Is this idea to counter lost bitcoins possible?](
* [Can bitcoin die at some date because of stranded bitcoins?](
* [A proposed solution to adjust for lost Bitcoins: wallet 'heartbeats'](
* [Recycle lost coins](
* [Deflation and Bitcoin, the last word on this forum](
* [Coins checking and snapshotting](
* [Restoring Lost Bitcoins](
* [Make Bitcoins "dissolve" after some time if not used?](
* [PROPOSAL: Move all "lost bitcoins" threads to "Alternate cryptocurrencies"](
* [Gavin's take on the matter.](
People that raised the lost coins topic as some kind of threat or weakness to Bitcoin simply don't know that this is a non-problem. It is a solution in search of a problem and people that bring it up have been continually hounding everyone that it is an issue when it is not, and even if it were such a threat, none of them seem to be motivated enough to make an alt that forks the existing blockchain to "fix" the problems.
It's hard to explain but essentially, they fear that the lost coins will over time threaten Bitcoin's liquidity as those coins are no longer contributing to the economy anymore and they want to reclaim/redistribute coins that have been inactive for a certain period of time so that miners can re-mine them or something similar. The threads listed above go into all manner of reasons why this is an incredibly thoughtless/stupid idea.
I collected these threads up because I was astonished by how many selfproclaimed "smart" people continually failed to realise or acknowledge that seizing inactive coins completely undermine's not only the social contract between users and the network, but also how it causes financial uncertainty, aids in tracking, and makes the system that much more complex and easier to manipulate by miners. It is dumb on so many levels I feel flummoxed just contemplating it :).
@_date: 2015-03-24 16:32:28
AFAIK the image is only destroyed once you press the button again to generate a new address, and/or pull the device out of the usb slot.
@_date: 2015-03-22 11:16:05
I prefer this pithy one liner as this is what Bitcoin is actually going to do to the current financial system.
["Embrace, extend and extinguish." -- Microsoft.](
No fight needed.


Calling me a shill doesn't make your argument stronger.
@_date: 2015-03-28 13:20:08
Co-operation is the better outcome and the more that adopt IBLT, the stronger the mutual benefits are. They aren't being altruistic, they are getting the edge over the miners that choose to be selfish and not share their transaction pool as they will always be paying bandwidth costs to transmit their blocks in full, and suffer from propagation delays.  All that co-operate reduce their bandwidth usage, as well as getting the blocks to mine sooner instantly from their peers.
Miners that use IBLT also can't discriminate against smaller or larger mining farms as they don't know which is larger or smaller than them.
Ed: I think the profit margins of large miners are always going to be smaller by not using shared IBLT,  when measured against going it alone.
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:11:35
Taken from [stack exchange](
























@_date: 2015-03-02 16:16:12
Absolutely, the jimmie rustling thats been going on the last few days, and the histrionics of some here trying to "out" supposed bad apples has been extremely childish and I'm personally surprised the mods let it go on. Some of the threads were devoid of any real substance or quibbling over minor issues, and were simply designed to be defamatory or serve as an outlet to vent against certain persons in the Bitcoin community.
Now it seems that some want to start having a go at Oliver too for certain comments he's made in the past. People using this sub to air their grievences here is simply an abuse of this sub, and conflates what are sometimes small issues that could be settled in chat rooms, into huge cesspits of manufactured mob based outrage and completely unjustified vitriolic anger. 
It really is pathetic when this happens and mods really need to take steps to deal with threads whose sole purpose is to single out individuals so that they can be abused.
@_date: 2015-03-15 15:57:55
The refund is signed ahead of time by Alice and Bob and is locked to be redeemable after a certain period of time, the great thing about this setup is the funds and address don't have to exist on the blockchain yet and the address where the funds are going to be spent from will also never change for the duration of the micropayment between the two parties. The multisig address that Bob and Alice create will not exist on the blockchain until Alice deposits the funds and she only does so once Bob has signed and sent the refund transaction to Alice. By things happening in this order it makes it impossible for Bob to swindle funds from Alice as the funds and address don't even exist yet. Additionally, the whole micro-channel transaction setup only ever involves two transactions that resolves payment between the participants, one that Alice sends to the multisig address, and the other that sends the funds Alice sends to Bob (or the refund transaction in case Bob for some reason withdraws his participation from the transaction). During the microchannel communication, Alice will send many transactions to Pay Bob for whatever service Alice is using (with each payment being slightly more than the previous over time), but Bob will only use the most recent one and Alice will always get to choose where the change goes. This transaction between Alice and Bob could be spread over hours or days, and Alice could theoretically send tens of thousands of Transactions to Bob, but only the last one will be broadcast onto the Bitcoin network as the funds will remain locked to the current address on the blockchain until either the refund transaction becomes valid and is sent, or Bob decides to stop the exchange, signs the rest of the most recent micro-transaction that Alice has sent, and broadcasts that on the network. The key here is that all of Alice's transactions will be using the same multisig address every time, so the refund transaction initially created will be valid regardless of what other transactions Alice sends as the payment will always originate from the same multisig address.
I may have to make a diagram to explain it properly, It's actually very simple once you understand what's going on and quite brilliant too.
@_date: 2015-03-23 17:29:20
I understand you have best intentions here, but in reality you are (unnecessarily) opening a can of worms.


You seem to want to protect the community at the detriment of the individual. IOW, you are implying that the individual should submit to the community. I.e. the communist model. If people don't like Bitcoin there are alternatives, no-one is forced to use the Bitcoin system.


According to that logic farmers that strike oil on their property should surrender their gains as it was not deserved or anticipated, otherwise the oil market will be in chaos. Does that sound fair?


Things stabilise, the Bitcoin market is small (but much bigger than it used to be). Every currency fluctuates, and every stock changes in value, nothing is fixed, or guaranteed to be stable. You will not get a fix for this. And anythting that purport sto be a fix is usually something that takes freedom from others "for their own good".


Miners will take advantage of the situation. Once they see old coins move, unless the user pays exorbitant fees that outweighs the miners incentive to avoid processing the transaction, they will dump it in preference of the funds going back to the block reward mining pool. It doesn't matter what the limit is. 


Read the threads. No-one likes people suggesting these kinds of changes and you can be guaranteed that any controversial change will be rejected. Fluffing it up as "once a decade" or whatever is just as bad. Imagine a massive amount of coins, in ten years expire, more than ten times the current market cap of the Bitcoin economy, is released to miners. What do you think will happen then? Your idea injects economic uncertainty and chaos. It is absurd and foolish. And no I'm not being condescending about suggesting an alt, if you think the idea is viable, you should make an alt, programmer or not if you think it will be more successful long term then see it through. Pay someone to make the changes, crowd-source it, if you can't then it's obvious that people don't want that kind of system.
If that doesn't satisfy you and you absolutely must have a cryptocurrency here and now that more closely matches your needs, try Ripple.
@_date: 2015-03-14 07:11:26


Damn straight, I hate how many people try to paint Satoshi as having one political leaning over another in order to peddle their own idealistic BS. 
Have an internet for standing up to all this political grandstanding shit I see day to day about what Satoshi's political views and motivations are and how it somehow supposedly was the driving force for Satoshi creating Bitcoin.
1 internet
@_date: 2015-03-20 13:16:54
Well, I've seen (and genuinely enjoyed) quite a few of your public talks, and I know you've always espoused your libertarian beliefs on the stage, but I'd never known you were into freemasonry, and though I have no problem with freemasonry either, I just figured you would have made mention of the fact, much like you express your beliefs on libertarianism. 
Freemasonry is seen by some as very clique-like, even if you don't think there is any conflict there are others that will wholeheartedly disagree, but the real core of the issue I think is not that you like freemasonry, it's that only now is this fact being shared with the wider Bitcoin community. To compare to other public faces, Luke-JR is an excellent contributor, but he has some very weird beliefs that conflict with many, including some would argue, Bitcoin itself, contrary to this, he has been very upfront about these beliefs and makes no bones about sharing them and people accept this because he put his cards on the table upfront. We know the type of character we are dealing with, he doesn't hide, or twist his views, even though they are controversial and downright grating.
It concerns me (to a small degree mind you, I don't want to blow this out of proportion, this is a trifling issue IMO) when something as non-controversial as your connection to freemasonry, even though you've done nothing to hide it, is somehow never something you've outwardly expressed. I don't think people should really be making a fuss about it but it does make me wonder what other societies, beliefs, etc. you follow. It's unfortunate but scammers on every corner latch onto Bitcoin to weasel their ways into people's good graces, and lead/manipulate them for their own ends on a regular basis, and this has made me constantly suspicious of people whenever someone starts getting publicly involved in Bitcoin.
I've spent years following Bitcoin and seem oodles of scammers try to waltz in and start manipulating people, so knowing a public figure's personal history is important when it comes to taking them seriously or not, so when someone isn't 100% clear about their connections, affiliations, motivations, etc. I will automatically start to question their motives and whether they are genuine or not.
Scammers have meant trust is earnt and can be easily broken. Just take the furore that broke out when the devs at Satoshi labs briefly made the Trezor codebase closed source. Bitcoiners HATE surprises, and unfortunately your connection/advocacy/membership or whatever it is with freemasons is a surprise to me. If it's any consolation though, I don't think it is a huge deal, but still, my trust meter dropped a little.
@_date: 2015-03-14 13:17:06
Ah, I see, we probably got our wires crossed then. I was looking at it from the Tor only perspective as that seemed to be what OP was discussing and using it in conjunction with web wallets (which is a bad idea) IMO and thus why I brought up the previous story/link as that guy only used a web wallet with tails, (though I'm still not sure if he connected via SSL or not). I'm still leery of Tails and it's current version of Electrum as it stands, it is definitely better than nothing, but I still wouldn't trust it unless I was using it with an offline machine.
Hardware wallets certainly aren't flawless, but I see it as a multipronged approach, and every user that learns a new way to secure their funds easily is that much safer. Tails/Tor + SSL + Electrum + Trezor + Multisig etc. they all add up and every barrier makes it that much harder for bad guys.
@_date: 2015-03-17 03:21:44
We can finally say this is not an over exaggerated statement as well as the company is *actually* fucking huge too :)
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:16:35
Bitcoin businesses aka merchants aren't affected by the Bitcoin License though, it's more financial services and exchanges that use Bitcoin that will need to follow the regulations as far as I understand it.
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:06:34
mirrors my thoughts on the matter entirely. This should be required reading for anyone that even hints that 1mb is under any circumstances acceptable, or manageable.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:10:51
Absolutely, people gush about how great coinbase is, but coinbase still suffered at the hands of fraud and by protecting users that refuse to manage their securityoto prevent fraud, they ate the cost, and that means coinbase is going to need to recoup those costs, and they'll do it by raising fees in other areas and such just like PayPal and others do. This was not a great outcome as yet again users are being protected from their own stupidity and are no longer required to learn from their mistakes again. 
No-one should be relying on coinbase to protect their significant funds, they should be using a trezor or ledger, there really is no excuse these days and when bitcoincard and coolwallet appear, there'll be even less reason to depend on a website to store, and protect their money for them.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:17:43
Unfortunately, I think your only chance were if someone who got in early was to sell it. They will be selling the Entropy devices in the near future and I'm pretty sure it won't be far off. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 08:41:05
*sigh* Here's all the links on recycled coins I've collected.
This is a solution in search of a problem. Lost coins is not a problem. It is what natural markets look like. As supply increases, those people with old coins will have more incentive to spend them. If you forced re re-registration system, then miners will exploit it and refuse to process transactions with old coins in the hope they can raise their revenue.
Also people don't like it when their money is messed with. If you still think it is a good idea, start an alt and see where it goes.
@_date: 2015-03-02 17:16:52
Bitcoin wasn't engineered to fix broken economies, it was crafted to save people from the economies that are in collapse and ensure everyone has the same level of financial access around the world. 
Why Bitcoin should be obligated to fix the mistakes and misuse of currencies around the world is typical top-down thinking that led to bailouts and such, and we all know that Satoshi had bailouts in mind when he set Bitcoin's wheels in motion ;).
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:51:37
Ledger has some drawbacks. Some of it's code is proprietary, it has no screen (which means it is difficult to confirm the transaction before it is sent) and requires an accompanying card to spend the coins. Other than that ledger is apparently very good and fairly easy to use. The ledger also requires you setup on a completely secure machine initially to prevent anyone sneaking a look at the private seed when it is initially generated (or restored later) so there are more hoops that need to be jumped if you use a ledger whereas the Trezor simply uses it's screen to display the seed when it is generated.
I personally have a Trezor and feel the extra money spent is definitely worth it. The screen ensures that the transactions can be visually confirmed, makes initial setup extremely easy and safe, and every part of it is open source for extra assurance. 
So there is definitely a trade-off with both, for the Trezor, the extra money spent gets you more features and a safer interface, but the cheaper ledger version is still fairly safe as long as you know what you are doing and are happy with jumping through a few more technical hoops.
@_date: 2015-03-26 14:14:35


@_date: 2015-10-07 12:07:44
Supply is known, but demand is not, nor can we anticipate future demand.
@_date: 2015-03-16 05:11:31
I find Alan Watts has a remarkable insight into how our society should work and what money's function in it should be. Check it out.
It takes a while but bear with it until 21 minutes where he makes his point.
tl;dl Machines have made our lives easier, but they've also taken away our means of acquiring money (all menial work these days is done by machines and if you actually want a job you need uni degrees or you have to specialise to even get a chance to get employed, and if you don't you're stuck on government support with few real prospects for full employment, the young, and the aged are pretty much discriminated against as a result of machines and it's only going to get worse, don't believe me? 3d printing is going to gut the production industry once it goes mainstream. I assure you). The machines do all the work and we are left in the lurch with no way of getting an income to buy the things the machines make, so this has been great in the sense that machines alleviate from our lives drudgery, but we now have no means of acquiring money to buy things, and ironically this also gives the machines no purpose as the machines are the ones that produce things that we are meant to buy. As machines put more and more people out of work, taxes rise to support the more unemployed, which puts even more stress on the people still in work, which makes it more cost effective to find machines to preplace the workers that are forced to find higher incomes because they are being taxed more and so on.
The solution? The machines should be *paying us to buy the things they make*. It seems absurd at first, but I think it's goddamned genius, except when Alan Watts said this there was absolutely no way of ensuring that the machines would be able to pay people to buy the products they produce. With Bitcoin, this mechanism now exists, and is already functioning at the lowest distribution level with mining which are used to secure the blockchain, now we need to build automated services referred to nowadays as DACs to provide other services of a more complicated and varied nature on top of the blockchain to provide income streams for decentralised services that do all the work and give the money they collect to the people that run them so that they can be spent.
It seems crazy, but I think Bitcoin is the linchpin that will spawn an era where the machines *pay us* to use them and all we do is run a few programs on our desktops to make our basic incomes and if people want to earn more they can optionally choose to earn more money rather than being forced to either slave away for an employer and specialise to the point where they become too expensive to employ and are replaced by machines or get left on the street and subject to the whims of government support. It's early days now but I'm certain that Alan Watts' ideas coupled with Bitcoin can usher in a society that is completely transformed from what it is today.
Ed: typos
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:28:41
Try here first,
Then get back to us if the dozen or so threads that have already exhausted this issue haven't helped (I guarantee they will though).
Here's one or three to get you started.
* [Something I wish newcomers to Bitcoin would understand...](
* [[Serious] Bitcoin vs. Credit Card Rewards]( (I even commented in this thread...)
* [Credit cards vs. Bitcoin (Part One).]( And part 2 if you need it,  .
tl;dr? Here's a [video]( for you.
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:07:13
It also acts as a disincentive to steal, if Bitcoin were 100% anonymous, even legitimate merchants would have a greater incentive to run off with people's money. I see a lot of people criticising exchanges and such for trying to avoid getting themselves involved in others' criminal activity, especially since these criminals have stolen what is essentially others' property. Many believe in the protection of property from theft, but then in the same breath point the finger at exchanges saying that they should not be taking action against those who they suspect have committed the theft.
They also rail at regulation to protect against such acts, and that the exchanges should regulate themselves, then when they do start regulating themselves, throw a fucking hissy fit.
@_date: 2015-03-20 13:23:29


I actually do it on purpose because it is a confusingly complex name, much like the project itself.
I know it is open source, but so is Ripple, and they are both in it for the money they can create out of thin air. I'd show far more interest in Etherium if it abandoned it's stupid buy-in, if the project had any genuine purpose, it wouldn't need money to pay people to contribute code, and I can assure you once the money dries up, so will the coders contributions. And good luck trying to get coders that have zero stake in Etherium on-board to test, bugfix, or even use, as all they will be doing is lining the pockets of the project's investors.
Ed: The best that can be hoped of Etherium, is that the project is canabilised for other purposes. Counterparty seems to have already done that to a certain degree so at least some of the code will serve a viable purpose.
@_date: 2015-03-22 12:27:52
Of course I cited Galileo, his ideas were right, just like Bitcoin is better than the existing system, but in Galileo's case he picked a fight with the church and was imprisoned for the rest of his life, his work was banned, and it took one hundred years for his work to become accepted fact. Galileo never lived to see his work vindicated. I don't want Bitcoin to be buried just because people want to pick a fight with the establishment.


I'm not interested in making martyrs and a long protracted fight. I want to win NOW, I don't want Bitcoin to be pushed to the sidelines and marginalised for the next 2 decades because morons tried to pick a fight with governments and the central banks of the world, who suddenly decided to squash the nuisance that is Bitcoin. Picking a fight with governments is not going to make Bitcoin get adopted faster.
I'm not interested in the romantic platitudes. That somehow Bitcoin will overthrow governments, that the people will flock to Bitcoin in droves and abandon their old currencies, that there will be riots and bankers will be lined up and led into jail cells while the crowd cheers. It's a fantasy.
I want Bitcoin to ruthlessly overthrow the current system and completely route out corruption in the existing financial system, but it needs to find ways to interact with the financial system first, and the only way to do that is to get into the financial system and start setting down roots. I summed it up in another post.
"Embrace, extend and extinguish." -- Microsoft.


I've followed Bitcoin daily since 2010 and I'm *trying* to tell people to stop acting like teenagers and think smarter. Stop poking the bear and resorting to this mindless, anti-establishment rhetoric that keeps being bandied about like a broken record. The establishment *can't* change Bitcoin and they can't stop people using Bitcoin yet they still think it's necessary to have an us vs them mindset. People should be encouraging governments, banks, the financial system, businesses etc. to use Bitcoin, not constantly parading Bitcoin as a way to thumb their nose at them.
You, like everyone else still have this us versus them mindset. You need to break away from that way of thinking and really realise that Bitcoin can't be corrupted by any government or financial system, all they can do is regulate around it, and once Bitcoin usage rises to a critical point, no-one will need to use the old system, they'll simply use Bitcoin. Governments can't touch the inside of the Bitcoin system, not with regulation, judges can't order Bitcoin to do anything, neither can presidents. But that can't happen until it actually starts to co-exist with banks, governments, stock exchanges, etc.
tl;dr Stop fighting, start integrating.
@_date: 2015-03-15 11:06:35
Well, I've followed Bitcoin almost daily since 2010, and the current clime right now is hardly stagnant so I wouldn't be too worried, if it's quiet, it just means that there's a higher chance people are working away in the background rather than just talking about how great Bitcoin is. Case in point, 21 inc was in "stealth mode" for over a year apparently before they broke the news of their huge funding. From what I've seen of Bitcoin's incredibly humble beginnings, things are looking pretty darn good right now :).
@_date: 2015-03-03 05:56:07
I'd personally wait for tails to upgrade their Electrum to 2.0 before you try using your Trezor funds with tails. People have had their entire funds stolen by mitm attacks when using tor so tor never depend on tor to shield you from malicious nodes.
I'd message the tails guys and ask them to upgrade to the newest version of Electrum and simply wait a while until that happens.
In the mean time, you should still be able to use tails with mytrezor.com in any case so that should afford you some anonymity, even if it isn't 100% anonymous. Don't risk loading your Trezor seed onto Electrum in tails though, that is simply asking for trouble.
@_date: 2015-03-04 16:04:38
Sorry, I should've said "Banks will do whatever is profitable". 
I think Bitcoin is one of those black swan events has left everyone confused and cautious, so everyone is in the wait-and-see state until it goes one way or the other, and I think we are finally at that stage where governments are on the verge of saying "OK".
It's funny, whenever I think of banks, governments and Bitcoin, I always think of [these guys]( 
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:27:11
It just goes to show that there are still a great many people that should understand what they are talking about first (and should go to great pains in fact) before they open their mouths and show the world how absolutely clueless they are about Bitcoin's mechanisms and design. There also seem to be far too many people trying to "fix" so-called problems they think Bitcoin has by essentially making something that completely undermines Bitcoin's utility in the process.
Un. Fucking. Believable.
@_date: 2015-03-05 18:40:48
An impossible scenario in my books, and completely undermines the premise of OP's opening assumptions. Bitcoin will never be a standalone economy, as there will always be gateways exchanging bitcoins for whatever people can produce and is in some way scarce.
The only way you could isolate an economy is with laws and enforcement, the petrodollar is one such economy where oil is completely isolated from the rest of the economies of the world. Good luck trying that with Bitcoin though. 
@_date: 2015-03-14 19:12:37
I also get very tired of these vague posts. If people want to link these vague articles to the sub they should at least be explaining how it is relevant to the sub, expecting us to link the dots simply means I will be reporting it, and I've been doing a lot of that these days....
@_date: 2015-02-06 05:25:00
I imagine multisig will be expected when it comes to websites storing user's bitcoins but multisig is still fairly complicated for the layman, so it may be some years yet be for it becomes a simple affair. I personally use a Trezor (max I've ever stored is 10 btc) and I'd be quite confident with storing more, given that the guys behind have had a solid rep in the bitcoin space for years.
@_date: 2015-02-04 08:10:55
Even smarter is to not store your coins on a website like Coinbase. You are one of the lucky ones and I dearly hope you don't go "phew! that was lucky" and then do **EXACTLY** what you did before.
Very few people get their coins stolen, only to have them returned later, take this opportunity and buy a Trezor. I can guarantee that you will lose your coins again in the future if you do nothing, this is your chance to learn from this mistake and proactively make sure your coins are never stolen again.
I don't know how much was stolen but I'm certain you would have gladly paid a healthy slice of your Bitcoin holdings if you could have taken back clicking that link. Luckily you don't have to this time so instead use that slice to buy a hardware wallet so you never need to worry about it happening again. They are even having a discount for Trezors right now. Go to bitcointrezor.com and use the code opensourcematters89 . 
@_date: 2015-03-07 15:34:37
Well, in Australia [we did things differently]( We went into recession in the 90's and suffered all of the effects of the so-called  "deflationary spiral". All the things economists panic about and call a death knell to countries that don't spend themselves into prosperity again happened in Australia. But instead of lowering interest rates to stimulate the economy like countries do nowadays, we stopped with the inflating and actually balanced the books by introducing real reforms to industry etc. For several years it was real ugly, but it was worth it.
Right now it is a whole lot worse and most countries are in the same boat, it it were just a few then it probably wouldn't be as big an issue, but it is a whole raft of countries all trying to stay afloat in an economic clime that simply cannot justify this constant inflating, back in the 90s the debt levels were much lower than we've seen in recent years and it is obvious that there is going to be a default, it's just a matter of when. No-one wants to admit they crossed the line many years ago, so all they can do now is hope that the collapse doesn't happen on their watch.
I appreciate that you see the situation differently, but as someone that has lived through a depression that all these countries are trying to desperately avoid, I can't help but have this type of mindset about the situation.
In my completely frank opinion, they're burning money they don't have to keep an economy that isn't profitable running, but all they are really doing is making it worse. 
@_date: 2015-03-12 12:35:25
Lets get down to brass tacks then and not beat about the bush.


The **qualitative and quantitative information that contributes to the economic well-being and the subsequent financial valuation** of a company, security or currency. Analysts and investors analyze these fundamentals to develop an estimate as to whether the underlying asset is considered a worthwhile investment. ]( Ed: the highlight in bold is the important bit we need to focus on.
So, Bitcoin is not company, security, or currency. It is in essence a time stamping network that tracks the ownership of values over time, that being information, it is not strictly a currency per se but we DO attribute to that information *value* though, those little numbers that represent bitcoins represent an inviolable piece of information on the network. This means you need to think hard about the kinds of qualitative, and quantitative pieces of information that will aid Bitcoin's economic health, and will adversely impact on Bitcoin's economic health. How these things balance out will determine it's economic utility in the world's markets and how this will increase it's value (as demand outstrips supply), or cause it to lose value (as supply eclipses demand).
Let me throw out some metrics that may apply qualitatively and quantitatively to Bitcoin's economic value that would make people consider it more worthwhile as an investment or not, or in other words, what would make people use it or not.
* Bugs in the codebase. Edit: The stability of the code, and the security of the code is paramount, if Bitcoin is not a solid codebase, it will be all for naught. Also other implementations of the codebase in different languages and by different developers helps to verify it's functionality and help stabilise and reveal hard to find bugs, it's also a strong sign that Bitcoin is not a stagnant with is a strong sign that there is a need on the community for the codebase to grow, to be more functional, stable, robust, etc.
* Merchant adoption.
* Exchanges/brokers, whether that be number of them, reputation of them, the amount of access they have to Bitcoins and fiat at any one time (liquidity), users trading (both the number of users and the number of trades), etc.
* Innovation, this means access to, and freedom to innovate using the Bitcoin network (IOW do developers care? And if they do, are they interested in making Bitcoin derived software), the ease with which people are able to innovate using bitcoin means that more facilities, products, and exposure is possible too.
* Investment money (VC money) in businesses that utilise Bitcoin for whatever reason. This speeds up innovation and concentrates on specialised products on the blockchain that are geared towardss generating revenue and more economic activity. If VC, or money from other areas are being spent on Bitcoin, it will grease the wheels of innovation significantly.
* Legality, the legality of Bitcoin in countries around the world will have a significant impact on whether merchants decide to use it or not, and this will have a knock-on effect to other areas of the Bitcoin space as it will affect demand and lowere the level of constant commerce that Bitcoin will eventually depend on in the long term. 
* Mining, are miners still mining? How is the hashrate? The hash rate is integral to Bitcoin's security model. Knowing whether miners are still staying around, and have long term plans to keep mining is something that is definitely going to affect the security of the blockchain and every transaction that underlies it, if it drops precipitously, this could endanger future transaction reliability and such so knowing that miners are diverse, acting in a sustainable way, and have plans to keep mining into the future is important to know.
* Network activity: This ones a bit nebulous though as it can be subject to manipulation so it's important to be wary when taking these at their face value. Bitcoin stats like the number of full nodes, mining pool/operations and their hashrates, number of transactions over time, days destroyed for coins, transactions fees and where we are with the block reward should be taken into consideration. I personally wouldn't put a huge amount of faith in these numbers though as they can be unreliable and I feel they poorly reflect what is actually happening in the Bitcoin ecosystem, so I personally keep my salty shaker handy when looking at these numbers (much like I do with the price).
When anyone talks about the fundamentals, these are things you should keep in mind OP, they don't all need to be going vertical to mean that Bitcoin is going to succeed, but if you want a solid set of fundamentals with regards to Bitcoin, I think this is a fairly solid list to measure it against. And this list is only the things I can think of that constitutes a fundamental of Bitcoin, I'm sure there are others.
Ed: some typos + more info/explanations
@_date: 2015-03-03 06:06:39
 is well known, and has a very good reputation, try them if you want to try and recover your wallet.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:08:46
BTC-e can do whatever they want as there is no regulation forcing them to do otherwise. And calling them cowards shows that you endorse theft of private property.
Whose side are you on?
@_date: 2015-02-03 08:06:24
Bitcoin tip was always a middleman to facilitate tips though, unless you sent tips to a specific address, you never had full control of the funds anyway (and in that case, why not use your own bitcoin wallet?), and having it send tips between addresses was horribly inefficient. It also only allowed minimum tips of 20 cents and every transaction carried with it large fees, hardly a service that afforded more control to it's users, nor was it an efficient means of sending small amounts of money to others. 
Bitcointip was centralised because you had to send money to an address they controlled so that they could send it to accounts that bitcointip controlled so even having it on-chain didn't really afford it any real benefit except that you could verify that funds were sent from one address to another when you initiated a tip. Bitcointip decentralisation was pretty much an illusion and non-existent, and what little benefit it did provide by being on-chain was outweighed by the negatives.
@_date: 2015-03-14 12:10:26
The topic is on the subject of tracking Bitcoin activity, whether it matters, and whether Tor alone can make you safer.
On the topic of using Tor alone, no it doesn't protect you, in fact it can make you more vulnerable.
I agree that if you are properly using SSL you don't need to trust the tor exit nodes, but Tor on it's own will not safely obfuscate your Bitcoin activity, that is why my link in previous posts is relevent. The OP in the thread only depended on Tor in Tails and nothing else. He very likely sent went to a non-ssl we address (I admit this part is speculation) and from that the rogue node managed to glean the sensitive info they needed to drain his account.
A hardware wallet would have compartmentalised the sensitive information and isolated it from the computer so that the user would have been forced to verify any transaction being made.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:33:15


I say don't waste your time with anything Peter has to say unless he actually backs up his concerns with (reproducible) facts. Peter is great at sabre rattling. As far as I'm concerned, unless he has actual evidence that there is a problem, he can scream at a wall, and everyone should be encouraged to ignore him until he actually produces actual evidence to back up his claims.
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:41:58
It's an old topic now but I can't help but point out that yet ANOTHER [person on bitcointalk]( just now posted they want to fix Bitcoin again by expiring lost coins etc. etc. 
The subject of lost coins and people with no clue trying to fix Bitcoin is never ending unfortunately.
@_date: 2015-03-01 12:25:16
No worries. If you want to dig for more info on Trezors, there's also the sub, and for ledger the much less active sub.
@_date: 2015-03-01 12:12:53
Hmmmm... downsides, are really few and far between, but I'll try. The mytrezor site where the wallets are usually managed from can be flakey from time to time, this doesn't affect the security of the Trezor, it is more of a service reliability issue. To get around this the newest version of Electrum has Trezor support so this can be avoided. From a hacking standpoint, they are very robust, as the wallet can be password protected to prevent it being loaded (and means you can also setup dummy wallets in case someone forces you to reveal your password), and the pin to send funds is also resistant to brute forcing as each failure kicks in a delay that lengthens for every subsequent failed pin entry. The cases are permanently sealed so it is resistant to physical tampering too.
From a connectivity standpoint, it always requires you to plug it into a usb port so it can't be used wirelessly (though this also means it doesn't require a battery or charging which can be considered a plus depending on how you look at it), and there are currently no mobile wallets that have integrated the Trezor yet, so it's still relegated to desktops ATM. 
@_date: 2015-03-02 06:44:33
Very interesting. 
Around then Bitcoin was trading around $500 USD. Ironically I think Bitcoin has become a victim of it's own success from a price perspective as merchant acceptance was really ramping up during the year and this obviously had a large impact on the market as almost none of these merchants would ever risk holding Bitcoins they received. We also had a great number of failed projects, china speculation and other negative news items ie. silkroad related, buffet the price down and down. 
2014 from a PR standpoint has been mixed at best, and there's still just too many barriers to entry for average people to get involved still, not to mention that Bitcoin security and usability is still a work in progress in many respects, though I think hardware wallets are certainly going to aid the jump to Bitcoin for many. That said, 2014 was great from a development perspective, and merchant adoption perspective. Bitcoin really shat on the naysayers who screamed "but I can't buy X with Bitcoin!", or "Bitcoin isn't a real currency since no-one accepts it" BS. It also massively expanded the exchange and broker space in the last year. There's simply too many startups to name that now trade all round the world and have been going to great pains to get stamps of legitimacy from the countries they operate in. Bitcoin legality has also been almost universally accepted as the norm which is a huge boon for legitimate businesses (which is likely why many companies jumped off the fence to accept Bitcoin last year).
Mt Gox definitely left it's mark on the market though, it created a huge vacuum for new startups, but it also left many disillusioned, destroyed a large amount of liquidity, and left Bitcoin with a serious black mark. The markets I think are only now beginning to recover from this and move forward, but I think it will only be when the truth about Gox comes out that the Bitcoin economy will be able to fully put the whole thing behind it.
I think everyone asked about the price really didn't consider that these factors were going to play a huge part in the future price. I think they had a keep calm and carry on mentality, and were completely naive about just how jumpy/panicky the market is in the Bitcoin space, and it probably will be for years to come, or at least until institutional investors can get involved in the Bitcoin market place.
Interesting insight nonetheless though.
Edit: LOL at getting downvoted for having an opinion longer than 2 sentences on the subject. 
@_date: 2015-03-16 10:03:24
If it has value, your government will find a way to tax it :(
@_date: 2015-03-11 10:29:11
I think if sidechains becomes viable and integrated into the bitcoin network it will be very hard for anyone to control Bitcoin, I just hope it happens sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2015-03-15 11:58:42
Well, on the off chance a nation or state DID decide to take this revolutio0nary step, I think it would have huge implications, but this would depend on what this FedCoin would look like.
At the very least, it would make Bitcoin and FedCoin incredibly frictionless, middlemen may be completely circumvented and could mean the financial sector could undergo a complete shakeup as international trade between FedCoin and anyone using Bitcoin would only be encumbered by the restrictions imposed on FedCoin.
Whether it could facillitate a decentralised exchange whould be wholly dependent on how restrictive FedCoin is, if FedCoin were essentially p2p cash much like Bitcoin is, then decentralised exachanges would definitely be possible, though this would mean that the country backing FedCoin could cause a firestorm of controversy as it would be accused of facillitating tax fraud, criminal activity etc, unless there were protocols in place to control it's usage, (such as seizing and freezing suspicious transactions).
I personally think there will be some bright spark, some day, that will find a way to hook in fiat to decentralised exchanges somehow without the need for a FedCoin to facillitate it, how it would look and when we could expect to see such a thing happening is anyone's guess, but I'm sure that as the need becomes greater, there will be others with the know-how that will find a way. Satoshi has already done the impossible at a time when people were screaming for an alternative to the broken banking system, so I see no reason why it couldn't happen again. :)
@_date: 2015-03-28 08:51:22
Just make sure you do your due diligence and make sure it is not a scam. It might be a good idea to contact (mycelium/entropy dev and distributor) to confirm that they are aware of this onseller. He might be able to confirm that they are a legitimate buyer of their devices too.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:47:20
Trying to turn it around eh?
You want to have a discussion about rights and wrongs? Then you need to stop using Ross as your answer (read EXCUSE) for everything.
I don't like Ross, he's a selfish, egotistic, opportunistic, immature dickhead, but I never said that Silk Road was evil, morally wrong etc. you simply decided that since I didn't like Ross, that I should be classified as anti-everything else associated with Ross. I am a huge fan of privacy, and free speech, as well as free markets, decriminalisation of drugs etc. but I will never look at Ross as someone that promoted these things, he did it out of greed, pure and simple, and he was more than willing to throw others, even those that cared about him under the bus to make sure he made bank.


Easy, stop charging ridiculous fees, or he could have easily sent those coins to charities nominated by the sellers/buyers after settling his costs.
Ed: I can't help but poke fun at you for this last comment. :)


Pffffff. Well then we can expect many more Ross Ulbrichkt trials in the future then. lol. The guy is the absolute epitomy of what you *shouldn't* do if you are ever interested in running a dark market. He is honest to god the *worst* possible role model you could ever ask for.
It doesn't matter anyway, once Open Bazaar gets on it's feet, even greedy middlemen Ross-types will be eliminated from the markets as Open Bazaar will remove them from the picture and Markets will be truly p2p. 
@_date: 2015-03-22 06:42:27
Option 1: Start a fight head alone with the leaders of a huge indomitable force that will set back progress for years (or generations in Galileios case).
Option 2: Seed the idea of change in young minds, avoid the leaders, and draw people to your cause without the establishment even realising it is happening and have those young people step into the shoes of leadership as the old ones die and have them usher in a complete change in thinking on the subject (which is how Darwin's ideas spread so quickly).
Pick one.
@_date: 2015-02-22 20:03:17
In all honesty, I'd love him to resurface so he could give his honest opinion on how he thinks everything is going. Is he proud of what his creation and what we've made of it? Or does he think it could have been done better? I'd also like it if he shared his motivations on why he did it, was it mainly political or out of some idealistic drive? Or was he simply more academic and impartial but created it because he saw that Bitcoin was a system the world needed, perhaps to help the unbanked or for a more altruistic bent?
Unfortunately I fear his resurfacing would instantly cause a circus of the Newsweek variety times 100. Bitcoin still has a long way to go, and I think once it settles into the financial systems of the world he probably should pop his head up and say hello, but until then, I think his return would cause a cascade of unnecessary media circuses that would bring the wrong kind of attention to Bitcoin right now. Maybe in 15 years, definitely, but not right now.
@_date: 2015-03-22 09:22:53
People are sheep, you said it yourself, and propaganda can nix the moral high ground when your enemy is aware, prepared and you are small and unorganised. 


I'll take knifing my enemy in the back at a time and place of my choosing while he's unaware over a gladiator duel where it's me, alone, against a ring full of lions.
@_date: 2015-03-12 07:17:11
I wouldn't give up on this sub completely for constructive discussion, but you do need to be aware that there are many people here that are only interested in sabotaging constructive discussions too, so choosing who you take seriously, and who to ignore (or more perversely, reverse troll) is definitely a skill you must hone when discussing things here.
Years ago before Bitcoin got lots of attention this place was great for civil discourse, it was actually very chummy, light-hearted and helpful/insightful, people agreed to disagree back then rather than resort to flinging shit at each other, but less so now days, and mods' policy on allowing trolling certainly has degraded not only the content submitted, but also the quality of posts here, which I think is very unfortunate.
@_date: 2015-03-05 03:39:13
Wow, what a fucking cop out. So, they've decided it's in the too hard basket and are doing everything possible to avoid lifting a finger. 
They can literally *see* companies leaving because of their decisions, and their response is "it's in it's infancy so we'd prefer to do nothing", what a load of crap. The only thing that is infantile is their mindset. By their very hands they're ensuring Bitcoin *stays* in this so-called infancy all the longer.
I hope the politicians see through this bullshit and take action that flies in the face of the ATO's reasoning.
@_date: 2015-02-24 18:32:47
That rabbit always unsettles me.....
@_date: 2015-03-22 06:45:05


If this isn't your type of thinking then you will be easy pickings for those more powerful than you.
@_date: 2015-03-08 14:29:19


Yeah Satoshi totally didn't intend nodes to be run by server farms and such, it was as you say "a technical experiment". 
Or the more likely explanation, which is you have no idea what you are talking about.


and this,


network grows beyond a certain point, it would be left more and more to 
specialists with server farms of specialized hardware.  A server farm would 
only need to have one node on the network and the rest of the LAN connects with 
that one node.](
Edit: nope, no plans for the network to expand to VISA levels...


for users to use Simplified Payment Verification (section 8) to check for 
double spending, which only requires having the chain of block headers, or 
about 12KB per day.  Only people trying to create new coins would need to run 
network nodes.  At first, most users would run network nodes, but as the 
network grows beyond a certain point, it would be left more and more to 
specialists with server farms of specialized hardware.  A server farm would 
only need to have one node on the network and the rest of the LAN connects with 
that one node.
The bandwidth might not be as prohibitive as you think.  A typical transaction 
would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact).  Each transaction has to be 
broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction.  Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day.  
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 
2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.
If the network were to get that big, it would take several years, and by then, 
sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal. ](
There's a saying you may have heard of it.
"It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt."
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:45:48
Hashrate 41,272,873,895 up from 294,187,066. Transactions 82899,  down from 94814 (although did reach a peak of over 100,000 in the interim, price currently 225, down from 346. But letas not gloss over this and leave it at that.
RemindMe! 3 months
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:20:06
I can see where you're coming from but in most cases, if there's a problem with what you are using, people are far more likely to patch it rather than abandon it. One example being that even though we have thoroughly used up the ipv4 address space the vast industry is loathe to move onto ipv6 even though it is a far better option.
I think it is far more likely we will stay and try and fix the problem than throw the baby out with the bath water and start from scratch. Even if Bitcoin's entire PoW scheme collapsed, we could still migrate the blockchain to another protocol without abandoning all the coins stored there.
There is more than one way to deal with any problems or lack of a killer feature, and I'm sure many people will fight very hard to stay with Bitcoin for as long as possible as you will have a much harder time rebuilding all the infrastructure around Bitcoin than if you simply route around or address the problem directly.
@_date: 2015-03-14 04:46:16
Have you tried mining any alts that use the same PoW, I have no idea if there are any out there and whether they would be profitable but it wouldn't hurt to look, then you can simply find an altcoin exchange to cash them back to Bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:57:23
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:48:45
If you think he's doing this intentionally as a way of manipulating Gavin then that is even worse. Also never attribute to deep intellect (that being what you claim is Cody "checking" Gavin's allegiances), that which can be explained by stupidity or luck. You can read as much as you want into the interaction as you like but you're simply beguiling yourself with the notion that Cody is actually smarter than he looks/acts. There's nothing deep about what's going on here, Gavin doesn't want Cody running his name through the mud for Cody's benefit and rails against how Cody is making all manner of claims about Gavin's thoughts, opinions and allegiances i.e. shoving words into people's mouths which is extremely deceitful.
And Gavin is most definitely not an anarchist or support the notion that the foundation should be run according to anarchist ideals as you like to paint it, he's made it clear that he likes government and the vast majority of what comes with it. So why the subterfuge? Moreover, if Cody wants to know what Gavin thinks about how the Foundation is being run then **just fucking ask him!** You're not dealing with the KGB here, Gavin is not shy about expressing his opinions on things and having Cody supposedly fishing Gavin's brain for the truth is so incredibly childish and disrespectful it just shows how backward Cody is.
@_date: 2015-02-02 04:22:29
One way you could make key generation safer is to use casino dice to roll up a random number and generate an HD seed from it but then use multiple different implementations to ensure that the seed generated is geunuine eg. genrerate it on an offline electrum installation, then double check it using the a Trezor perhaps, or some other piece of software that can verify the keys generated are the same across implementations. This would help prevent the possibility of generation using a faulty/malicious implementation.
@_date: 2015-02-17 13:11:31
You know how we can get more mining fees? Raise the limit so that more people can transact in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:51:49
In the best case scenario Cody is naively jumping to conclusions. Gavin never stated that the foundation should be dismantled. Additionally Gavin has never sided with Cody as an ally in his campaign, and Cody is certainly trying to paint Gavin as an avid supporter. 
What Cody is doing is using Gavin's good name to run his agenda on and it is completely underhanded.
@_date: 2015-02-02 16:53:03
You didn't understand why I used the analogy.
You are never suspected of planning out a crime when you buy a knife, no-one is going to think, "this guy just walked in and bought a knife, I better ask him some probing questions so I'm not charged as an accessory in case he walks out of here and commits a crime with it".
So, why should it be any different with money? Lets flip the script and see how it sounds.
You are never suspected of planning out a crime when you make a large transaction at a bank, no-one is going to think, "this guy just walked in and made a big withdrawal, I better ask him some probing questions so I'm not charged with assisting tax evasion, or helping him steal someone's money from their account, or ordering a hit on someone, or whatever, in case he walks out of here and commits a crime with it".


We're not talking large scales, we're talking small scales. I only need one knife to murder someone but if I bought 20 I'm not going to be quizzed, by law, I only need one bullet to shoot someone, but if I bought 10 packs by mail order no-ones going to quiz me by law, I only need one gallon of gas to set someone on fire but if I buy 2-300 liters no-ones going to quiz me by law, yet if I send a wire for $5000 (or even as little as a few hundred) the bank will want answers and they'll be more than happy to share that info.


Again you missed the point, money laundering laws allows governments to control the flows of money because nothing is private. Wikileaks can't anonymously receive money internationally and CC companies MUST find out where every cent moves otherwise governments will clamp down on them, and once governments know where the money is going they can make a few calls and stop it, just like they did with Wikileaks. If the CCs had the power to keep all their customer's transfers private, and governments didn't know how wikileaks was getting the most funding, and the CC companies refused to retain and or divulge such information because it was obvious no crime was being committed, they couldn't threaten to punish the CC companies because they'd not know who was facilitating the transfers. Money laundering laws implements Know Your Customer policies so everyone needs to tell the CC company where they are sending their money at all times and if you don't you could get cut off, once governments know where the money is going and who is sending it, they can tell banks/financial institutions who they are allowed to do business with and threaten them (even though neither wikileaks and the financial institutions are doing anything illegal) if they don't comply.
Edit: changed some examples.
@_date: 2015-02-10 12:32:42
Aaaahhhh, yes, now I remember. Certainly wasn't a reputed shorting service, was shady as hell and short (padron the pun) lived, but it definitely filled the need at the time.
Thanks for clearing that up.
@_date: 2015-02-02 04:50:19
@_date: 2015-03-26 18:13:22
I love it when people actually back up their claims. Maybe it's true, maybe it's false, but at least you showed you weren't BS'ing
1 answer
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:19:43
God help us....
@_date: 2015-03-16 16:29:02
@_date: 2015-03-12 09:20:49
It's funny how people that have never even used Bitcoin suddenly become experts on it. I've been here for years and I'm still learning about cool new ways to use it.
Even sadder is that the buttcoiners, unsatisfied with the current level of Bitcoin hate in the thread, go to extra effort to ratchet it up a notch. It's as if they've made it their personal quest to find every reference to Bitcoin and shit on it at every opportunity. It's a pity they couldn't use that energy more productively in society, but I'm certain they'd just turn around and say that blasting bitcoin wherever and whenever possible is productive in their eyes.
@_date: 2015-03-13 06:00:19
Essentially taking the automobile and pulling it with horses again.
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:10:49
Sorry I just wanted to point that out just in case, sometimes people act irrationally in a high stress situation. 
I know it's lousy advice after the fact, but from now on I'd strongly recommend you get any coins of any significant value offline and onto a hardware wallet like the ledger or Trezor, offline wallet (like armory/electrum etc.), or something similar.
@_date: 2015-02-05 13:04:48
I find that people who say this are only doing so because they want to play both the critic and the optimist without feeling like they need to make any commitment to either.
If they make their opinion known that Bitcoin is the future of finance and it fails they will be ridiculed for making the wrong call. 
If they make their opinion known that Bitcoin is a scam, funny money, un-scalable, irrelevant, a fad etc. and it succeeds they will be ridiculed for making the wrong call. 
If they say cryptocurrency is the future, their opinion no longer hinges on Bitcoin's success and could come from any number of copycat coins out there, they can't really lose as long as something built on the idea of the blockchain succeeds, they'll be seen as right all along whether Bitcoin succeeds or not. They're simply betting on all the horses in the race rather than the favourite, as they only need one to win in order for them to be "right".
@_date: 2015-02-10 12:17:24
I respectfully call bullshit, as I can think of no reliable bitcoin exchange/service out there at the time that even had the capability to short.
If you really think this, then I think sources are in order.
@_date: 2015-03-21 15:57:16
Yep, some would say they are one of the few unregulated exchanges in the Bitcoin world, and that exchanges should be the ones to regulate themselves ... then when they do cry foul. "Fungibility!", "Free market!" "Anonymity!". Bullshit. I say good on them for protecting their business from being used by others to launder money and that their discretion, not based on some law being shoved down their throats, but their own sense of good business practice, is how they operate, it's good to see.
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:48:49
I agree. Inflation is just another way of socialising the losses that resulted from mistakes and mismanagement of banks and governments. I guess my response was probably more geared for @_date: 2015-02-02 16:22:29
There is such a thing as the presumption of innocence though. I don't have to prove to the shoe store what I'm going to use the shoes for before I buy them, and the shoe store is certainly not punised for not doing their due dilligence to satisfy the my shoe purchase was on the level. Nor does this happen foe kitchenware, or petrol, or cars, or even ammunition in most countries. You don't need to prove your intentions in order to qualify for being served. No-one is treated as a suspect by default.
Yet with money it is, and it's done because governments can get away with it. They do it under the guise of protecting people and fighting taxes, but it's ultimately to control how people behave. Don't believe me? Look at Wikileaks, they are a perfect example of what happens when governments get to control how you spend your money. The minute WL started spreading information the government didn't like (and it was PERFECTLY LEGAL for them to do so) they cut off their funding by leaning on CC processors, the big CC guys certainly weren't interested in helping wikileaks do their job so they distanced themselves and assisted the government any way they could to keep on their good side.
It's an incredibly slippery slope where governments can essentially ostracise people/businesses/political movements from the financial system at a whim, and enforce compliance of the populace. It doesn't take a bright spark to realise that if you can control a people's money, you control the people.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:36:16
I do not think it means what you think it means.
also see
There really isn't much wiggle room between misleading and lying, unless you're going to say that the guy is clearly has no idea what he is saying/doing and would explain why he completely misinterpreted/misunderstood Gavin's statements.
It wouldn't paint Cody is a positive light either way.
Edit: To be more specific, where has Gavin publicly, or in private stated that he agreed with Cody's "call for the foundation's dissolution"? Because Cody very clearly states "**My specific call** for the Foundation's dissolution has been endorsed by ... current member Gavin Andresen.".
@_date: 2015-02-19 14:06:17
I'd strongly recommend you DON'T use these dice to roll private keys.
Use casino dice. I'm not going to go into all the reasons here but this [article covers most of the basics](
Get Casino dice, ones that are verified casino dice, they are expensive-ish, but I think if you are trying to take this seriously then you should be willing to pony up the dough. Remember casino dice are made where there are huge amounts of money at stake and it is in their best interest (that casino's, and the manufacturers) to ensure that there is absolutely no chance the roller gains any kind of bias whatsoever that could give them an advantage and that the dice created are as completely random as possible.
All you've got there is a cheap imitation, and a mistake waiting to happen, besides if this is about looks, casino dice look [just]( as [badass]( IMO.
@_date: 2015-03-07 13:57:35
Nothing government does will be able to stop people participating. Government could outlaw it, ban it, jail people for using ala copyright infringement, but there is absolutely no way government can outright control Bitcoin or how it is used unless they go to the extraordinary length of controlling 51% of the network, and given that circumstance, all people will do then is create a new network (and they could even import the old blockchain to preserve the wealth of of the old system) with a new PoW algorithm, and government will be left at square one again.
Governments simply cannot force people to behave a certain way and control why, how, who, and when Bitcoin is used.
@_date: 2015-03-20 13:45:55
Unless I start seeing you making secret handshakes I don't think we've got much to worry about ;). Unfortunately once you step into the public spotlight, everything about you will be scrutinised whether it seems relevant or not. You might want to keep that in mind when you run for the Bitcoin Foundation seat again ;). People can easily use these omissions against you, even when you have nothing to hide.
@_date: 2015-02-03 16:47:56
And others have fragile egos that can't handle being told "no.". A lot of these coins are not just scams, but also the result of programmers that wanted to make changes to the original client that the majority disagreed with, instead of relenting, or accepting people's arguments that it was a bad idea, they spat the dummy and went ahead making the coin they claimed was better than Bitcoin. 
Unfortunately all we've gotten is a lot of fragmented and wasted effort on their part.
@_date: 2015-03-28 12:40:30
IBLT will make transmission latency of blocks vitrually nil and is already being worked on.
@_date: 2015-02-22 11:17:05
I have mentioned this a few times but it always seems to fall on deaf ears. I'm pretty sure mods would loath the idea because it means more work for them and I wouldn't blame them at all if they turned the idea down. If they ever did implement flair it would be an incredibly fine line they'd need to tread. Right now this sub is reputation agnostic, and the mods neither promote or scrub/censor content unless it is spam or breaches etiquette. Reddit shouldn't be a place where people can use the sub as a means for upping their rep, people WILL take advantage of that, and before you say "but it should only be for xyz people" you are still entrusting that to a bunch of people (the mods) that are fully in a position to abuse that privilege. Besides this, these well knowns faces can verify themselves by making open statements on their sites that their username on reddit is making an announcement, crosslink between the sites, etc. and this is hardly a difficult task for someone that wants to verify they are who they say they are so making mods do all this extra work really is nonsensical in most circumstances.
I personally would love some flair for old users here, and devs (especially devs) and pretty much anyone that makes solid/civil contributions so that trolling can be more easily avoided/weeded out, but hey, that's just me and I actually don't like implementing flair anyway for the above reasons. If people want to verify themselves then they should be doing it themselves, they shouldn't be relying on third parties like the mods to make it happen.
tl;dr Too much work for mods, too easy to abuse, too little benefit.
@_date: 2015-03-17 03:47:58
Indeed. I particularly like Zizek's "Welcome to the Desert of the Real" where he says, "we 'feel free' because we lack the very language to articulate our unfreedom.". Bitcoin speaks loud and clear that we are slaves to the financial systems of the world today. The financial world has so effectively obfuscated how oppressive it is. Our generation has never lived in a world where money was truly free to spend at our own discretion, and Bitcoin has opened many people's eyes to the fact that traditional money has been slowly and inexorably been made less and less free for generations, up to the point that we are pretty much slaves to the institutions and governments of the world, yet constantly fed the illusion that this is how it's always been, and should be. I don't think Satoshi even *needed* a political reason to do what he did, anyone could get behind his cause to make Bitcoin to fight back against the broken, corrupt, oppressive financial system we currently have.
@_date: 2015-02-24 17:55:11
Words are cheap.
Show it in the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-03-17 15:43:07
I'm not interested in excuses. If you think it works, and works better, show me code. And show me how this will not impact on existing users, services, and innovations already possible in the Bitcoin blockchain.
Anything less than that and you are just blowing smoke.
Otherwise get busy on an alt that will superscede Bitcoin if you honestly think Bitcoin is terrible at anonymity.
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:09:11
In a fiscally responsible economy where credit isn't abused, yes this is not the case. If the credit issued is used to generate more productivity so that the credit can be cancelled out later then yes this is great. That is what credit is all about and can be very beneficial for an economy. The supposedly most trusted issuers of credit, the banks and government often abuse this privilege though. Unfortunately there is no restriction on the issuance of credit and the only thing that stops them issuing more is when the people start rioting and refuse to accept their funny money. When governments and banks can't pay back the debt, they simply create more debt to pay off the old debt, much like how someone signs up for a new credit card to pay off the old one that is about to come due, each time they create more debt (via interest) which is even harder to pay off than the debt before it, eventually getting to the point where they can never pay it off and the only option is to let the debt default, which causes havoc in the economy, or simply try to push the problem down the road in the hope they will never have to deal with it and at the same time making the problems even bigger. It has been a huge problem through all modern history, even back to Roman times when governments abuse their issuance of money to the populace as a result of overspending.
This is how Bitcoin is different, it never allows anyone to issue credit in the network or increase/decrease the money supply, it is a non-reversable record with a fixed limit on the total amount of money issued, and this issuance is payment for securing the network, not credit that must be settled some time in the future. Bitcoin's fixed issuance schedule assures users that the supply can't be manipulated or abused to benefit the few.
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:16:33


@_date: 2015-02-06 17:37:42
I find it amusing how people here are whining about them "not doing anything", except for the fact that they've bought around 1% of bitcoins total market cap, have lodged and are moving forward with an etf that willr eventually be launched on one of the worlds largest stock markets, and  is also working on launching a US regulated stock exchange.
If you are going to whinge about them being "all talk" at least show how you are contributing to the bitcoin space in ways that rivals what they are doing rather that shooting your mouth off.
@_date: 2015-02-20 11:16:14
Yes, they covered their asses nicely in case they created any loopholes or pissed off special interests in the financial industry.
The back patting continues.
@_date: 2015-02-06 03:40:32
This is good for the economy as it will stimulate spending and create more jobs! /s
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:34:08
Arbitration in Bitcoin - Optional
Arbitration in Paypal - Mandatory
See the difference?
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:13:24
I think it's already happening to a large extent. I firmly believe that 2014 was a perfect storm of loss and uncertainty regarding Bitcoin. The Mt Gox fiasco wiped a huge amount of liquidity from the market and the uncertainty surrounding Bitcoins legality in many countries was still a huge question mark. I think these were major factors in pulling the price down. On the up side, last year also pushed out a lot of speculators and has given Bitcoin a chance to very thoroughly test some price floors, which it has done a number of times now. Bitcoin is already far more usable than it was a year ago, so the price going down has done very little to stifle development effort which bodes well for the long term because if developer effort on building applications also diminished then I think Bitcoin would be in real trouble. This year none of these things are major factors, so I'm pretty satisfied that time and letting Bitcoin slowly integrate and develop is what will drive usage. 
@_date: 2015-03-15 06:07:47


Theoretically, it could be immediately. As soon as the transaction to steal your funds is propagated, there is little one can do to try and override that propagation, even if it hasn't entered a block. A doublespend to try and save your funds has a pretty low chance (though not impossible) but it's very small.
Ironically, Bitcoin wallets on connected machines could be an excellent way to test how vulnerable machines are. setting up hot wallets on secured machines and having those machines hacked could help identify machines that have weak security and signal that the machine can't be trusted.
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:19:13
The big one is:
* No third party risk.
That alone has huge implications for finance and many other things and is not emphasised enough.
It's also immune to forgery, IOW you can't make counterfeit Bitcoins, or manipulate a person's transaction. 
@_date: 2015-03-10 15:25:46
I've learnt that before Bitcoin we we not financially free (or free in general) and that the governments of the world have been collectively lying their asses off about not just how the financial system works, but also about why it works the way it does, they've convinced people to give up many financial freedoms in the name of "consumer protection" and "money laundering", but it's really been done so that they have more and more control over how people live, and the decisions we make. It's absolute bullshit and Bitcoin has shone such a bright light on it that it's impossible for the world to ignore.
Bitcoin has shown me a way out of the trap so that I can live a life free of the government's intent to control every aspect of my life.
@_date: 2015-02-06 03:45:36
I used to check it every couple hours years ago, but I've slowly weaned myself off of the need to know and now only check every 1-2 days. These days the price just isn't much of a playing factor and I find that new developments around the Bitcoin space is far more interesting than the price.
I personally won't be selling, I spend. ;)
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:57:26


FTFY ;)
@_date: 2015-03-17 04:40:58
OP_RETURN is not for the layman, nor was it intended for unscrambling the effects of tumbling, it also means that there will be less data available in the OP_RETURN space for other purposes. Not to mention it is an extra layer of functionality to an already very complex system.
This also means that the layman must use OP_RETURN if they want to audit the trail of their own coins, adding an extra layer of complexity for the average user.
Tumbling coins is not hard, any person can find a means of tumbling if they want to, and this will only get easier as time goes on, but automatic/forced tumbling is not simple to reverse, or even to implement, coinjoin is still rarely used and requires a lot to setup and implement correctly, this adds extra complexity to the Bitcoin network, and you are forcing people to do something that really should be optional.
We don't force people to use multisig escrow, even though it is better for consumers etc. etc. so why are you making decisions/justifications that forced coin tumbling is acceptable? It may not look it on the surface, but you are actually taking away the individual users' freedom to choose how they spend their money, and claiming that the individual's freedom is secondary to the needs of the Bitcoin network as a whole. 
You are centralising the decision making process, and dictating how users spend their money. I've read others in different forums make the same justifications for other different "problems", they claim that since lost coins is a problem in their eyes, that coins should expire after a certain period of time and be re-registered if people want to keep them because this benefits the overall system as it keeps more coins in circulation and so on. Just like you are saying that users should be forced to tumble their coins even though it is not necessary because it benefits the privacy of the Bitcoin network as a whole. IOW the individual's freedom is secondary to the needs of the Bitcoin network as a whole.
Anything that erodes the individual's right to choose is unpalatable at best IMO and I am quite certain that it will not only be difficult/impossible to implement because of it's extra complexity, but it is also unnecessary as there are many other options that can be employed to give users privacy, but also preserve traceability for other purposes.  
@_date: 2015-02-01 09:46:45
The difference between why deflation is bad in fiat economies and why deflation isn't bad in a Bitcoin economy is because fiat use is based on debt/credit [here's a pretty good video to explain the fiat economy in layman terms]( while Bitcoin isn't. In an economy where the only way to add more money is through debt, you are essentially creating a scenario where the economy must remain slightly inflationary in order to keep the economy running otherwise the debts can't be repaid, new loans can't be made and etc., Bitcoin however doesn't create new money via debt, once the money is created it exists in perpetuity until it is lost. If it is lost it's scarcity rises and it's value is essentially redistributed among the other Bitcoins that are still being controlled or circulated. If there is higher demand for Bitcoins it will increase the value of Bitcoins that people already posses and give people an incentive to spend, thus moving around more Bitcoins to meet the increased demand. 
We've already seen that happened when the price hit 1000 (people had lots of extra risk free money to play with (aka disposable income) and merchants were more than happy to accept the transactions as they could easily/quickly use intermediaries to shield them from the risk. The price also shot up as quickly as it did because there was no means of increasing generation of Bitcoin to satisfy the short term demand. As the Bitcoin economy gets bigger though, these effects should be slower and far less extreme. Deflation doesn't hurt Bitcoin or slow the economy the way it can slow the fiat economy, instead it will actually help to stabilise the economy as demand increases due to the deflationary nature of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-19 13:56:24
Open Bazaar.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:37:24
@_date: 2015-02-10 12:19:21
@_date: 2015-02-28 04:46:58
No third party risk. Capital controls also no longer apply when you use Bitcoin so you never need to spend or receive money with the fear that the company that manages your money is going to freeze or seize your money.
Small transactions. has experienced this first hand. If you want to send 2.00 to someone, be prepared for whopping fees, and recipients of these types of things have had their paypal transactions frozen as well. Changetip is also something I use day-to-day that would be impossible to implement in the fiat world, it has afforded me the freedom and opportunity to send small transactions to anyone for anything without needing an intermediary.
Grey markets (those that are not illegal, but seen as controversial, eg. gambling, pornography, vaporisers and other smoking paraphernalia, trading in-game items where there are strict policies against their trading outside the game, etc.) also benefit from Bitcoin as that is often the only way they can accept payments.
Privacy where you want absolutely no paper trail for personal reasons. Like when you want to use a VPN or other online service for privacy reasons but don't trust the payment processor to keep your information private.
I consider these things to be day-to-day, and not ideological reasons why Bitcoin is a better choice.
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:03:42
I shouldn't need to tell you that you should be contacting Coinbase support immediately and telling them to cancel the transaction if it hasn't been sent. 
@_date: 2015-03-16 11:00:14
Have you looked into the [vasalgel project]( They are a non-profit company trying to bring to market male reversible contraceptives and they already accept Bitcoin.
You should check them out.
@_date: 2015-03-28 09:11:50
I agree with you, but returning the coins is going to be a difficult thing to do, if not impossible. If the PP is stuck with coins it should not be allowed to use by law and they have no idea how to get them back to their owners, they should either send the whole amount, or excess as a miners fee so that they are redistributed. This avoids the PP, or anyone else getting/using the excess funds unfairly, and if some users try to cheat by saying "I sent the coins to you and now you have to use them" crap they can simply abandon them (without destroying the coins) back to the network this way.
Unfortunately most people have a double standard here and the downvotes clearly demonstrate that they would rather bury the truth of what you said rather than address it in a constructive manner.
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:50:54
I think it's more the case that likes to be neutral on such topics and there are other subs that devote themselves completely to price like anyway, and besides, doyoureally want to be bombarded by the price everytime you look at a post. There is a shit-ton of sites/tickers/subreddits/apps/exchanges/etc that post this info, why would you want to spam up with information that can be found pretty much everywhere?
@_date: 2015-02-03 06:38:05
I think the coolwallet could meet your use case for fast , secure and easy spending while the trezor can be your secure savings. Unfortunately coolwallet and others are still not yet ready but they will in the near future.
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:20:06
Damn, Bitcoin would have almost been a perfect fit if it wasn't for that trifling detail...
@_date: 2015-03-03 04:24:17
I agree, but I still have mixed emotions on the matter, I felt like the boy who cried wolf because I used to constantly warn people that storing their funds on exchanges was a recipe for disaster. I was also openly mocked at times here for my overt paranoia. Then Mt Gox happened and all I could do was shake my head at the time.
One good thing is that because the Mt Gox loss was such a huge blow to the Bitcoin ecosystem, it serves as a reminder to others in the future and won't be leaving people's memory any time soon.
@_date: 2015-03-19 13:49:04
They had a [indiegogo]( recently, but it's closed now, you'll have to wait until after April for them to start selling them online. The indiegogo seemed reached all it's goals so CoolWallet will definitely be hitting the Bitcoin scene, it's just a matter of time.
@_date: 2015-03-11 06:46:04
So, more like parasitic rather than symbiotic. also offers nothing that needs either, as isn't heavily censored so if someone wants to criticise or bash bitcoin in the sub, no-one is going to delete them or shadowban them.
Contrary to what buttcoiners say about this sub, is a true circlejerk sub as it's only real purpose is to post somewhere where everyone that goes there agrees with them. Hell, they *removed* the downvote buttons on their stylesheet for crying out loud, a clear sign they can't stand anyone challenging the status quo of their sub, thats about as circlejerky as it gets.
@_date: 2015-02-27 15:08:16
You'd think wouldn't you? Totally baffling. Maybe today is backwards Friday or something?
When people smell smoke they don't mull around like cows waiting for someone to tell them when to evacuate, so  locking the fire escape doors while the smoke fills the room is hardly going to avert panic.
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:52:27


er, netscape -&gt; Mozilla -&gt; Firefox?
It's hardly not around anymore, it simply got open sourced, rebranded, and the rest is history. Also comparing bitcoin to browsers is moronic imo.
@_date: 2015-02-03 16:59:31
Bitcoin is not static though, multisig was not a feature at Bitcoin's inception, and believe it or not an alt actually began an implementation of p2sh before Bitcoin's was rolled out (I forget which alt it was, maybe it was terracoin? my memory is fuzzy on that). The fact is that if there is a drop dead fantastic feature that people consider to be a must, you can be assured that the core devs, and the rest of the Bitcoin community will do their damndest to find a way to make it work in the Bitcoin codebase. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 07:54:49
Me too, and thirded.
@_date: 2015-02-03 14:44:41
I think it might happen in Europe, probably eastern Europe somewhere. There's a lot of smaller countries there that are in dire financial straits ATM and with the eurozone in danger of crumbling, one of these countries may latch onto Bitcoin as a lifeline while they pick up the pieces if they find that the EU can no longer sustain them. 
It may also happen in the Americas where some countries are already seeing their currency is in utter shambles. 
@_date: 2015-02-22 05:24:14
I don't think this is a Bitcoin problem.
This is a human nature problem. We simply are not prepared, trained, or even aware of how computer security works. People being given the chance to use Bitcoin is like handing a baby a semi-automatic.
In the past people have been able to get away with it because security has only been a priority in a few circumstances, and even then, they've been able to outsource the risks to others.
People have been trained to depend on others to fix their problems for them. Opsec for regular users and even companies has always been a low priority as in many cases they can simply reboot, reassign credentials, or rebuild. Bitcoin is only now truly opening people's eyes to just how vulnerable they are to the outside world. 
I don't think this is a problem people are shirking from nor is it insurmountable. People need to know that their attention to security is shit, that their operating systems are shit, that the people they trust to keep their systems secure are shit, and that, most importantly, they need to know that they were never safe/secure to begin with.
Bitcoin is valuable and when it can so easily be taken from you, you start acting differently, people learn that Opsec starts with them and that shortcuts are never an option. 
It think we (the Bitcoin economy and it's associated businesses) are going to utterly trounce banking security in the future. There are innovations for end user security that have been bandied around for over a decade in the banking industry and never made it further than concept drawings/drawing board, yet in Bitcoin the NEED for secure Bitcoin spending/storage is so strong it is practically causing a viral industry of experts coming together to find solutions to these problems from all parts of the world. Opsec is simply not an afterthought with Bitcoin and more and more people are becoming aware of this and are working extremely hard to harden, and in other cases even bulletproof Bitcoin spending/storage/privacy/etc.
Elephant in the room? Pfffft. 
@_date: 2015-02-06 03:34:03
I'll agree it is more secure, but it's only slightly so. For small amounts, where you regularly check your balances it's probably ok. But if you are storing thousands of dollars you are far better served to store the Bitcoins offline, either on an offline machine, paper wallet or a hardware wallet like the Trezor. 
@_date: 2013-05-05 09:17:39
Any implementation by banks is going to be a shadow of Bitcoin, simply because banks will want to centralise operations and this centralisations will weaken any benefits a Bitcoin clone could provide. Ripple and mintchip are good examples of how to completely screw up a decentralised currency by trying to control how it is used.
Bitcoin is the most free of all digital currencies out there, so any banks that try to copy Bitcoin's model is going to be nowhere near as flexible or robust as the Bitcoin network. This is also highlighted by the fact that many of Bitcoin's positives are not bank-friendly positives either.
@_date: 2013-11-16 17:59:19
TBH, I think that's a very strong possibility. If Bitcoin goes where I believe it is heading, they'll be finding all manner of reasons to hold and scant few to sell.
Besides, I'd rather have the USG have a vested interest in protecting the value of Bitcoins rather than endangering them ;)
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:37:08
Exactly. That exactly what Litecoin proponents espoused when comparing Litecoin to Bitcoin, they said that ASICs would centralise mining, thus the only way to avoid this was to use a hash function that made making ASICs extremely difficult, that way cpus and gpus, because everyone has them, would mean mining would be less susceptible to big mining farms etc. etc. etc.
And believe it or not, litecoin ASIC miners are already on their doorstep.  litecoin is one step closer to irrelevance. I'm sure the recent handwaving that "diversity is healthy" mantra is part of the growing realisation that litecoin really is a cheap knockoff of Bitcoin and that their last excuses for relevance are finally being shown as being the shams they are.
Disclaimer: I own Bitcoin and litecoin, but that doen't mean I think Litecoin is necessarily better.
@_date: 2013-03-02 13:02:12
Not to be a drag but AFAIKT LTC value is dropping [like a stone]( What's more, a number of people were crowing that GPU miners would switch when the reward halving occured, but never happened. If the price continues to rise you may see GPU miners switch back to the BTC mining just as easily. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 07:36:40
Countries that have banned the use of currencies other than their own usually accelerate the exodus from the legal tender of the state. Classic examples are [Zimbabwe]( and [Agrentina]( The USA would ban Bitcoin at it's own peril since it is a huge indicator that the value of Bitcoin is far stronger than the value of the USD, if it weren't then no government would consider it a threat. It would also be historical, since I have not heard in recent history of the USA or any other government for that matter outright banning a currency, whether "real", or "virtual". Banning Bitcoin would be a dire sign indeed.
@_date: 2013-10-27 14:22:25
Already have, I never dismiss something out of hand.
I don't really want to get into a debate on the subject but I put PPC on par with ripple. Essentially a cobbled together idea rushed out to capture adoption before they miss the train. Give it several years and someone might have solved some of the drawbacks of the Bitcoin protocol (and there are a number of them to be sure) but PPC is just one of many stillborn currencies. 
Edit: Also if we're going to make loose comparisons, Facebook never did a git pull of myspace.
@_date: 2013-03-02 09:43:42
Listen to this man, he speaks the truth.
@_date: 2013-03-29 16:22:42
Unfortunately things like this have the potential to become self-fulfilling prophecies. But yes, preparing for failure is advisable but it's also important to only take warnings seriously from those that have credibility unlike this person. This guy has a history, and pastebin is hardly reputable.
Correlation =/= causation.
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2013-08-12 13:16:44
I wouldn't be so sure. You forget that the very reason Bitcoin came into existence is because of the way Banks operate. To think that the old guard will simply move their tent of operations from fiat over to Bitcoin and claim it's business as usual is naive at best.
Bitcoin shines a very bright light on the hypocrisy of the current financial system such that people will see the consequences of fraudulent banking in a much harsher and faster light than with the old ways. You can't magic debt away using Bitcoins, you can't pay debt with more debt via Bitcoins, any fool that accepts an IOU in Bitcoins is indeed a fool. 
Better off to stay with the devil you know since the wheels of the bond system are already well greased and turning. Making it work with Bitcoin would be like rolling a car-sized boulder up the side of a mountain.
Only the naive, stupid or insanely greedy will try (and fail I might add) to issue bonds in a Bitcoin only system.
@_date: 2013-04-04 15:41:48
Agreed. Just buying something in Bitcoins (even if its just a few dollars here and there) once or twice a week would do wonders.
@_date: 2013-11-08 13:51:40
[I posted this just over a week ago]( People just *do not seem to get that security is their personal responsibility now*. This has happened time and again, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills, I guess it is to be expected as every new wave of unfamiliar users come in a whole new group needs to be reminded but honestly this kind of advice is splashed everywhere. I'm also very annoyed media sites even *suggest* web wallets are a good idea. They have cost many people a great deal of money due to their irresponsible actions. Knowing them they'll try and handball responsibility though.














@_date: 2013-11-09 18:08:36
The hearing is likely going to hear about all these businesses making money outside the USA.
They are going to want in on that.
And they will also hear how their existing regulations are choking innovation to death inside their own boarders. They will also realise there's hardly a thing they can do aside from declaring "war on bitcoin" to stop it, which they probably already know is pointless. So it comes down to, capitulate to redundant industry and eventually be overtaken by the competition (Bitcoin, and potentially other digital currencies), or open up the space for digital currencies so they can innovate, keep some control, and make sure they get their taxes.
IOW, they are going to want in on that.
@_date: 2013-11-23 09:02:49
Bitcoin and Wikipedia have never seen eye to eye.
Very early on, when a Wikipedia article on Bitcoin was made, editors tried to bury and delete the information, then when there was pushback on deletion they heavily modified it to characterise Bitcoin as a scam. Understandably this annoyed Bitcoiners considerably.
Then when Bitcoiners appealed to Wikipedia to accept Bitcoins, people within the Wikipedia organisation refused, stressing, ["The Foundation does not currently accept Bitcoin or other currencies not backed by the full faith and credit of an issuing government."]( and used the excuse, . Even though it has been stressed that Wikipedia could completely avoid handling Bitcoin by using Bitpay or another intermediary.
They are very likely not accepting Bitcoin because other powerful donors may threaten to pull their support. IOW, there's some serious boot licking going on. Most people have read the writing on the wall and realise it's not going to happen so most Bitcoiners instead donate to charities that do accept them like Seans Outpost, the EFF, etc. They're much more deserving of such donations anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-02 11:35:36
If I earn Bitcoin and buy things with Bitcoin then the false dilemma of me having to choose one currency over the other is pointless. 
As Bitcoin becomes more and more of a closed circle economy (meaning I earn bitcoins with a job, and buy using the bitcoins I've earned) it will accelerate it's scarcity yes, but it will also strengthen the economy from the inside. The Bitcoins you earn, you will save a little of (which will accrue in value as you save more thus making it more likely you will be able to buy the things you really want sooner), the rest you will spend as you need to on bills, food, coffee, fuel etc. since you don't earn any USD now (unless you have to convert them for whatever reason, maybe that Ferrari you always wanted only accepts USD ;) ). 
Thus the currency will indeed be used to buy and sell, and I will do both, as well as *earn* them because fuck inflation when I'm trying to save to buy a house. What I *won't* do is waste my time with USD monopoly money unless I absolutely *have to*! 
What you are actually observing is the person getting rid of USD and preferring to hold onto bitcoins because Bitcoin is the stronger currency of the two in the longer term. The same situation would arise with other stronger currencies, in Argentina the user with Argentine peso and USD will hold onto (and save with) the USD and buy the coke with the peso because they know the peso will devalue far sooner.
The main use of currency is *not* to buy and sell, it's main use is to serve as a reliable method of transferring and storing value, this includes buying, selling, earning, and *saving*.
@_date: 2013-03-16 14:08:36
Same. Also regardless of what people say, hoarding back then was just not viable, it was also seen as somewhat insane to buy coins using your own money since the value of Bitcoins was barely 20-30 cents a coin and there really was nothing worth buying with Bitcoin back then, It was still just an idea, Satoshi was still toiling away, and everyone was just having fun dreaming about what Bitcoin could become. Buying Bitcoins was nigh on impossible too, there were scams galore back then, ironically scammers were more interested in stealing CC details than the Bitcoins themselves ;), the only real way to get them relatively easily and safely was to mine, or if you were REALLY lucky get some from someone you knew or strongly trusted. I tried mining for a little while but GPUs quickly took over, and GPU mining software was not exactly intuitive until nearly 6 months later. I left it alone for several months to do my uni work and came back to find a Bitcoin had hit parity, that's when I sat up in my seat and knew that the concept had serious potential.
@_date: 2013-11-21 15:49:56
Unfortunately Bitcoin is not a startup ready to pander to big investors, draw in the big money early then squirrel away at a perfect plan that will be meticulously rolled out over a five year stretch with eveyone grinning and clapping each other on the back, it is far more like the good old fashioned gold rush, chaotic, organic, many independent (as well as many financially weak) agents cooperating and fighting to be the first and be the most successful, and most importantly, opportunities free and open to all. The only ones that have a stake are the ones that get there first. The gold rush did not grow steadily, as it's name implies, it was a rush, a stampede to get to the fields and many fortunes were made and lost. I would *love* slow steady growth too, but Bitcoin is much like gold rush of old, anyone can get in on it and no-one can be excluded or shown the door. Love it or hate it, Bitcoin will be a combination of slow periods, punctuated by sudden waves of new people discovering Bitcoin all over again as well as renewed interest as new market opportunities are opened up by either by adoption by merchants, regulatory certainty, increases in network stability, increases in the market cap, thus making it more appealing to larger players, further confidence in it's decentralisation and abilities to scale up, new software, hardware, etc. 
As Bitcoin gets bigger the spikes and dips will smooth out over time. The price can move only so much when there is a huge market, that's when the true free market will emerge, we're still too small and big money too influential in this small market, when (if) Bitcoin has a market value of over 100-200 billion, then I think Bitcoin's rise will be slower and steadier, but far more stable, it may take years though, but I highly doubt Bitcoin's growth is going to stall or stagnate because of these spikes and dips. People have been warned time and again of Bitcoin's volatility, it is usually a talking point on every reporter's and journalist's lips. People aren't being suckered or not given the whole picture. BTW, it is because of this growth that more people are adopting Bitcoin too. It's a good feedback loop in many ways, even if it is volatile, it's still draws in more merchant adoption, use increases, demand increases, cue the loop all over again. Hopefully as more people see the writing on the wall, the speculative buying will diminish somewhat, and we'll just see more people buying to use rather than selling the farm to make it rich.
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:56:48
What we are experiencing right now is growing pains. Nothing more. The current price discovery chaos has absolutely nothing to do with the security, distribution of coins, or the robustness of Bitcoin. This is how a free market works when the market is still really small, and lots of people recklessly "invest".
@_date: 2013-12-01 16:18:16
Yeah, you are about as informed as a bull with a beesting.
@_date: 2013-11-22 08:54:05
I was thinking in the sense that Bitcoin was a stateless currency.
But yeah, Silkroad used Bitcoin therefore, Bitcoin == **EVIL!!**
USD would *never* be used to commit-..... wait.
@_date: 2013-03-26 15:07:57
Thanks! :)
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:25:42
Unfortunately it's greed driven, in the sense that it was heavily adopted initially because Bitcoin CPU miners that were pushed out by GPU miners felt they'd missed the boat and adopted Litecoin because the hashing function could more easily protect their mining operations. I had a [discussion with a pro-litecoiner]( who was very self-assured, but he got all quiet once I pointed out how one of litecoins biggest selling points, that was parroted for ages, was it is "ASIC resistant", when in actual fact ASICs are already in the pipeline. Not to mention everything else that is wrong with it.
Litecoin will always be years behind the adoption curve and it's roots are disingenuous to say the least, the ~~larger number of coins (84 million) means it is [less compatible]( (look under the title "The 21 Million BTC limit") since litecoins has 4 times as many, so it makes integration with other languages fraught and much harder,~~ Edit: not 100% sure on that point so I've struck it out. then there's the 2 minute window, meaning scaling up is going to make it 4 times more likely to have orphans (essentially collisions, where two valid blocks are generated at the same time).
Litecoin is a trainwreck of a currency that was ill conceived from the outset. Pretty much all alts follow similar misguided paths. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:19:38
Mt Gox is a time tested exchange that has had bumps in the past and I understand it is overwhelming for you guys but you've managed.  Unfortunately as we have seen not even your best efforts can undo an outage. This shakes the confidence of the community greatly and regardless of the lucrative profits, you have a vested interest in ensuring Bitcoin exchanges remain constant and stable. 
My question is this, in light of the obvious fact that Bitcoin needs more exchanges to shield against a single point of failure, what are you guys going to provide support for other rival exchanges? It is fairly obvious that if you are the only big boys in town, when we go down, we all go down. Are you doing anything to reach out to other exchanges to if not help them, at least provide lines of communication?
Just like we have miner decentralisation, we need exchange decentralisation, what are you doing (if anything) to help facilitate this?
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:06:39
I would only consider it a bubble if the fundamentals were exactly the same.
Thankfully they are not. :)
@_date: 2013-04-06 08:01:36
We are definitely still in the innovator phase. Bitcoin will not continue to innovate unless more people start making better tools to use with Bitcoin. It is definitely happening but it takes time, fortunately the increase in price is helping to spur that innovation, I'd say in a year or two we will have some very slick Bitcoin tools that are easy to use, safe and fast, but like I said, it takes time, and people to make it happen.
@_date: 2013-02-13 08:58:20
How about you stop egging on people dropping their life savings on a wish and a prayer. 
@_date: 2013-10-29 00:53:46
I think it may be because they lack the imagination and the passion to make Bitcoin the reality many of us here strive for it to be.
They see a toy currency, we see a sleeping dragon.
@_date: 2013-10-27 08:45:40
I think it comes down to the fact that every new alt coin that is tweaked around the edges waters down the value of Bitcoin. If you want to brake a movement, the best way to destroy it is to divide these people up into factions and make them start arguing with each other. This is how it feels with all these other Bitcoin look-a-likes. This would be great if these new chains provided features that actually were far and away better than Bitcoin, but in all cases these are simply rebranded, tweaked and a selfserving implementation with no genuine innovation to speak of. The argument that these implementations are testing out new features that could make it into the Bitcoin protocol is also dubious since testnet is available to do exactly that.
Bitcoin doesn't need distractions, it's going to improve with or without the alts, so I'm pretty sure most Bitcoiners simply don't want to waste their time on yet *another* "better" version of Bitcoin which has to develop yet another market from scratch and confuse everyone all over again.
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:04:45
Heh. I was wondering if you would pick up on that, funny how you actually picked *yourself* out of the crowd no less. Nice I got a rise out of you I suppose.
As amusing as your tirade is, I'm not really interested in reading your investing advice. 
But by all means go wild.
@_date: 2013-05-18 15:19:03
You're more or less correct. The first transaction you use with those newly bought Bitcoins that is directly connected to your identity is pretty identifiable. So, imagine you bought some Bitcoins. The nature of transactions is that the entire balance is spent and sent to two different addresses, of the two outputs, one will be the payer and the other the payee typically.
Say you bought a steam game, totally legit. Anyone seeing the change will have to guess which output is your coins and which were sent to the seller. This in it's own way is coin mixing, unless the investigators can account for every address in the chain of transactions linked to these coins its going to become more and more blurry which coins belong to you. The more spends of those coins you control the harder it gets.
Considering Bitcoin is an international currency with no real control over the flow of money through the Bitcoin system, it's going to be damn hard after several spends for someone's identity to be revealed unless there is some real hard core reason, and a lot of time, money and effort is spent to determine your actual identity.
tl;dr yep, not bullet-proof anonymous. But its is said it's technically possible in the future to adapt Bitcoin to make bulletproof anonymous transactions. Check out zerocoin.
@_date: 2013-10-16 05:37:31
You need to read the [whole thread first]( *then* reply.
Otherwise your comments are pointless. You do realise this, right?
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:06:19
The problem with all these so-called competitors is they are solutions in search of problems and almost all of them don't actually fix problems they just make tradeoffs.
litecoin : almost exact same codebase
*  "fixes" : miner decentralisation, smaller confirm windows, "not enough coins", the "early adopter probelem", at least for *these* litecoin early adopters...
* sacrifices: completely new blockchain, more prone to botnets, less robust at larger blocks
* "fixes" : no mining
* sacrifices : does away with bitcoin's trustless structure. The company has premined 20% of the coins, and distribution is done arbitrarily by them, a hack of a currency.
ppcoin: 
 * "fixes" : 51% attack
 * sacrifices : decentralisation, uses PoW as a crutch for PoS, and doesn't actually "fix" the 51%  attack problem anyway
And then there's all the other failed cryptocurrencies that simply copied the Bitcoin codebase, made some tweaks, and then tried to hijack Bitcoin's early success (an incomplete list):
    ixcoin - Nasakioto premined 580k coins. Seemed like a pump and dump. Competed with Bitcoin for GPU resources - Dead (~2 gh/s)
    i0coin - Basically ixcoin without the premine. Not much support was given to this coin after it was released. - Dead (~5 gh/s)
    SolidCoin - Innovative quick transaction times. Appears to have been run aground by CoinHunter, its creator, due to insecure changes and immature forum presence. - Dead, shutdown by CoinHunter
    GeistGeld - Lolcust premined 7.7 million coins.  15 second block time is probably a bit extreme. - Alive, but limping (~15 gh/s)
    Tenebrix - Lolcust premined 7.7 million coins.  CPU proof of work using scrypt is very innovative.  Price doing fairly well on btc-e.com. - Alive (~0.003 gh/s)
    Fairbrix - Basically Tenebrix without the premine.  First launch was crippled due to bad config.  Relaunch attacked initially - Doing OK now, but no exchange so far. - Alive, but limping (~0.0001 gh/s)
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:42:39
As amazing as it would be to have Wall street step onto the Bitcoin scene, I hope it's a few years yet before they do. Their influence would completely transform the Bitcoin space, and I'm worried Bitcoin still needs a few more years to grow before it's ready for that. Besides, I'd like more regular folks to get a larger share of the pot before all the fat cats and speculators start flooding the place with money.
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:34:42
The way merchants are moving towards acceptance, AND how quite a few merchants are even settling between suppliers with bitcoins, there is less and less reason to "cash out", or "lock in gains".
We are in the early stages of Bitcoin becoming a truly self-sustaining, closed loop economy, and that means the price will become more and more stable in the years to come as well, further mitigating any necessity to "cash out".
@_date: 2013-05-10 15:45:03
*sigh* I see positives where you only see negatives. 
Thats cool if thats the way you want to spin it. But I will leave you with one word that sum up how I would have addressed your arguments.
Edit: a word. :)
@_date: 2013-10-22 06:24:15
Indeed, I think enough people are finally becoming educated enough about Bitcoin (as well as the vital social proof) to dispense with the knee-jerk reactions and finally move onto having well reasoned discussions outside of the hardcore Bitcoin forums.
Happy days! :D
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:36:27
The internet was like that too. Also the Bitcoin you see right now is not the final product, it is a constantly evolving and improving technology. People are continually building around it and making it more streamlined. 


[You mean like this?]( Remember how I said Bitcoin is constantly evolving? ;)
@_date: 2013-03-19 09:48:25
It was hard to imagine 1BTC being bought for $1 USD. People openly scoffed at Bitcoins hitting $50 esp. considering the naysayers and skeptics (and even to myself to a limited degree) were of that opinion only 2 years ago. Those delusions and dreams are now hard reality.
My how times have changed.
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:39:08
As I understand it, this is exactly what Gavin et al. are working on. IIRC It's also a stepping stone towards when the block size limit is removed and fees will help regulate how many transactions are included in a block so that Bitcoin can scale up in a stable manner.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:50:44
If Mt Gox were a car, would you drive it if the wheels were unbalanced, the oil light was on, the engine was making a "clunk clunk" sound and you had several passengers?
Mt Gox's "car" is already a disaster in motion, It needs to get it's shit together by taking it off the road, even if only for a day or two, while they service it *properly* and deal with these problems while they still don't have a fatality on their hands.
@_date: 2013-10-23 00:56:16


I say it with "conviction" as you say because there is absolutely zero evidence that block scarcity will do what proponents say and the current evidence has very plainly shown that fees ARE increasing even though there is no competition on block scarcity. Miners ARE still coming in droves to compete even though we've had one block halving. As the market value on Bitcoins has risen, it HAS compensated miners appropriately. When the block halves again, fees will increase just as it did the last halving. If you force scarcity and not allow the network to grow though it WILL be bad for the Bitcoin protocol. I very specifically clarify WHY [forced block sizes are bad]( and explain [how it will damage Bitcoin](
All this and the pro "keep the block size as it is" camp people still blindly wave their hands saying there is a crisis on our doorstep without any shred of evidence.
Don't believe me then, that's cool. All I have heard from those that get hysterical over the topic have never been able to show any evidence that what they predict is going to happen WILL happen though. They love to refer to TOTC but never actually explain how it fits with the Bitcoin economic model. I've had myriad arguments with TOTC nutcases constantly spewing their predictions but not a single one actually properly breaking down HOW it applies to Bitcoin.
It's all well and fine to say you disagree but you actually have to challenge why I'm wrong. Show some actual hard evidence, quote a paper, find a case study where the same thing occurred, break down your reasoning and spoon feed it to me like a child, give me a hypothetical example, ANYTHING but a flat response of "I don't think you are right". If that's all you've got then this discussion is dead. My last post was chock full of explanations of why I think the block space argument is full of crap and I've even linked in to other posts I made recently, further clarifying my reasoning, but all you've done is gotten defensive and started with the ad hominem responses, attacking my "confidence". Don't attack the person, attack the idea. 
The blocksize limit is a scaling problem, not an economic problem. It has everything to do with the unfounded fear of blockchain bloat and absolutely nothing to do with economic incentives to keep miners mining. Prove me wrong.
@_date: 2013-01-31 15:06:48
I'm not sure, velocity is more connected to bitcoin days destroyed I would've thought. [money supply]( in the more fundamental sense seems to be more what I'm focused on. Bitcoins already in circulation (connected to velocity as I understand it) are going to be far less relevant because fees are not yet the main drive for recirculation/supply of coins. New coins are by far where most of the supply comes from currently, so the Bitcoin days destroyed metric is much less relevant, at least until we have enough halvings that fees become the dominant source of coins for miners.
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:08:12
It's important to differentiate it between currency, and point of sales network. Bitcoin its definitively, a currency network, not an instant verification network. There are likely overlay networks that can build on Bitcoin for instant verification (and are being worked on right now), but until that happens, 10min is the min time you'll have to wait. Look at it this way, it's far faster than a cheque, and far more permanent than a paypal payment. There will be tradeoffs until others fill in the gaps.
@_date: 2013-11-03 12:28:43
I practice what I preach so this is literally advice I live by, I have said it dozens of times and I will say it yet again here. 
**Never risk what you are not willing to lose.**
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:41:10
You mean like Mintchip?
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:45:41
The maximum blockchain size is IMO a serious bottleneck, and it is crucial for Bitcoin to scale up from a toy currency, to the dreamy currency a lot of people wish it to be, but theres a few caveats, some programmers have decided they are suddenly expert economists and get shrill saying that to raise the limit will somehow endanger the sustainability of the system when it would be anything but. Raising the max blocksize does have a few drawbacks, it will increase the size of the blockchain, and there is a danger that this may be exploited if the approach to raising the limit is not handled properly, and there is also the fact that a hard fork must occur, this essentially means that at least 90% of miners will have to agree to switch to an updated version of the bitcoin software in a very co-ordinated manner, in order for this to occur smoothly. The good news is things like this have been rolled out before. The last danger is the fact that managing a large blockchain will require big servers, we'll be moving away from desktop PCs to serious server setups in order to manage a full node. From a software and management perspective there is no danger, but if it is done too early, and not incrementally, it could lead to a centralisation of nodes. This is one of Bitcoin's strengths, so being able to progressively scale up from desktops to servers is an important aspect of moving from the 1mb max block size we have today to a larger, or more likely network regulated max blocksize. Gavin et al. are working hard on this and their early discussions are very positive so I'm not to worried in that respect. 
The bad news, those shrill programmers, if they become loud enough, could endanger the Bitcoin system, by fearmongering enough miners to not update. I have no doubt in my mind that would be incredibly bad and damaging to Bitcoin, even possibly killing it.
Other than that, I'm incredibly bullish.
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:44:32
Too many people too fast. I actually consider the Mt Gox backlog a blessing in disguise. I say this because I think the original June 2011 bubble was because Dwolla got accepted as a payment processor only weeks before the run up and it was an influx of Dwolla users that caused the first spike. We have lots of other exchanges now though and we need to get used to many more users wanting Bitcoins, it's only natural. But just as lag has shown how it can play on speculators antsiness, the same thing can happen with too many people too quickly. 
There's not much that can really be done to stem this effect except educating people about what Bitcoin is, it's history, how it works, etc., so that they "get" Bitcoin the way us long-term people "get" Bitcoin. Keep telling people about Bitcoin, help them understand it, encourage businesses to accept it, and don't sell it so hard you make it sound like a pyramid scheme, that's the best way to combat hype IMO.
@_date: 2013-03-09 10:50:39
I'm doing my Comp. Sci. PhD with a focus on evolutionary learning and computer vision. Suffice it to say I'm a believer :).
@_date: 2013-03-21 05:17:32


weeeeeeeeeellll, I was only expecting $60 USD/BTC by the end of the year, and  I was being very bullish IMO :/
@_date: 2013-03-22 14:00:19
I'd contend the statement still fits the definition because fiat is inflationary and so the government/banks, by law, can control the exchange rate, but even if that explanation doesn’t appease you my initial statement still stands, I value Bitcoin more than I value fiat. I'm getting rid of my fiat faster than my Bitcoins because I consider fiat to be less useful in the long term compared to Bitcoins. It's a vicious irony but I still try to "do my bit" as it were and buy when I have a spare cash. 
Unfortunately in Aus (unlike those lucky Americans and Europeans) getting Bitcoins has only a few options (I also live in the country), still takes a good half a day, and all of them are rather expensive. When Bitcoins become more ubiquitous and competition rises, I'm sure I'll have more options, but until then I'll just have to evangelise from the sidelines. :)
@_date: 2013-03-28 16:52:59
I never see sellers as a bad thing in Bitcoin land you are doing the Bitcoin community a favour by helping to stabilise the price IMO. Any/all bitcoin related projects that you can get going on part of your proceeds only makes Bitcoin stronger so whichever way you go I thank you. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 12:14:09
I agree, diversity is a wonderful thing, and Bitcoin has definitely stirred the intellectual pot, but most new incarnations based on the Bitcoin codebase are hardly what one would call innovative. Nevertheless it challenges Bitcoin to solve problems that alt currencies claim to have fixed so it's not all bad.
@_date: 2013-03-30 20:14:34
Personally I've always felt most at ease when the price hits a somewhat equilibrium. Unfortunately that has been rare lately. Your diagram definitely hits the nail on the head for me though. 
IOW Volatility = bad.
But that's just because I want stable growth, I don't want to do profit taking on the back of Bitcoin. Everyone is going to interpret the diagram slightly differently because everyone wants something different from Bitcoin. Hopefully most will see that it is more useful to buy and use/hold rather than bail.
@_date: 2013-09-10 15:32:48
Agreed, regardless of how greeedy miners get, they have a vested interest in keeping the network distributed. Utterly dominating the share of the total hashrate would completely defeat the purpose of trying to make a profit on mining.
I disagree on reward halving  being an issue though. We've already had one halving and people feared this very thing, that profitability would plummet and with it half the network hashrate would flee with it. Instead we saw no such thing, the vast number of miners stayed online. The incentive was definitely there too, unlike now where ASIC machines have no other purpose other than to mine, everyone was using GPUs still, there was no risk or loss to switch off. Nor did the price differ much either. The hashrate rising simply stalled and then ASICs arrived on the scene. This could simply mean that because people anticipated the drop, there was no panicked exodus, miners had baked into their running costs how much longer they could turn a profit, or had already predetermined how much longer they would mine at the current price before they switched off. Those that left eased the loss for those that stuck around longer and in turn helped keep them in the game for longer.
@_date: 2013-07-31 19:14:52
It's very interesting though seeing huge amounts of money moved around online to fund brand new ASIC designs from multiple groups. This will diversify and add competition as well as adding a hell'uva lot more security to the network while driving down prices so that it's cost effective for smaller miners thus potentially adding more decentralisation.
If even just one or two of these newcomers make it off the ground it will benefit Bitcoin greatly.
Its either a great or terrible time to be an invester though, seems all the solid startups with regular dividends have had the value of their shares raped, and 3 new startups have a sudden run on their IPO shares. Ironically the startups won't be making a cent for months but it seems everyone is scrambling to invest in the next Asicminer success, while ignoring Asicminer and all the other startup's solid performance.
I guess some (most?) people are just greedy ;P
@_date: 2013-05-16 16:58:30
FYI, this is *not* stable. It is less *volatile* compared to the last two months, but the price is still moving like a cat on a hot tin roof. The volatility from the run-up to 260 has likely smoothed itself out. The only "elemental" thing that has happened is people have only just started to come to terms with the fact the $115-ish dollars is what one Bitcoin should be valued at. Furious tests of Bitcoin's value have gotten a measure of people's confidence, and this is where we are at. Hardly what I'd call "stable" though.
@_date: 2015-02-03 04:14:51
I commented on this [recently](




With regard to there not being enough Bitcoin to support the economy, even if 90% of all bitcoins were lost, the remaining 10% could still support a 2.1 trillion dollar economy with the smallest denomination of 0.01 USD = 0.00000001 Bitcoin. If it were necessary though, there are means of expanding the supply simply by adding more decimals, this would also allow block rewards to kick back in as the new decimals would allow smaller block rewards to be created and so a fraction of more Bitcoins could enter the system.
@_date: 2013-09-14 17:18:27
What you said and I'm pretty sure they also want it to be [backed by the full faith and credit of an issuing government]( They'll take even dictatorship's currencies, hell I'm sure they'd even let you post some Zimbabwean dollars.
But no, no Bitcoin donations for us thanks. They'll take money from counties that burn books, oppress society and would see the world religiously indoctrinated though. 
@_date: 2013-09-18 02:52:22
That would definitely make me group 1 then :P. Over the years though I definitely feel myself moving into group 2 D: Hopefully though this will mean I'll start using the currency in earnest to earn more and spend more, thus moving from idealist to a proper adopter since I now have a reasonable chunk of money in Bitcoin now.
@_date: 2013-11-05 09:04:29


Oh the irony.
Forget the investing and bubble BS you're rattling off. Bitcoin is useful *now*. The risk is extremely low to buy Bitcoins, then an hour later buy something with them. Both for merchant and client.


What, like how the internet crumbled to dust because you had to hook up a dialup modem? Yeah, that technology never took off.... you needed to be tech savy *and* computer savy to pull off hooking up to the internet back then. Everyone back then was *tools down* and walked away from that trainwreck.
I guess you're right, this is the pinnacle of Bitcoin usability right now and we'll just be staring down the drain from here on in. (I'm being sarcastic BTW)
@_date: 2013-11-04 08:25:46
haltingstate is probably right. Case in point the music and film industry, instead of lowering prices and offering digital downloads at reasonable prices and making it easily downloadable, they instead spent literally billions designing, integrating, and distributing DRM (which is now cracked so completely useless) on any/all media they could get their hands on. Not to mention all the legislation they paid politicians to implement to "save" their industry and protect their IP. Same with the games industry until Steam and Gaben showed them how to make games sell again (IOW lower prices and get the games into homes the fastest way possible). Lowering prices will be their last resort once they've tried everything else. 
I have no doubt the financial industry will fight to keep their vice-like grip on their industry and likely waste a huge amount of resources trying to stop Bitcoin before they eventually accept Bitcoin as a competitor. 
@_date: 2013-03-24 11:49:22
Sweet baby Jesus, hearing there is a queue like that makes me get sweaty, in a bad way. I dearly hope we don't get a repeat of the run up to $32 when large numbers of Dwolla users got onto Mt Gox.... Let's hope we get a week or two around where we are ATM so the current price has a chance to sink in.
@_date: 2013-05-13 18:01:50
Are you familiar with the bitcoin trezor? 
@_date: 2013-09-17 08:21:56
It's a meme invading the sanctimonious channel of information that is the lifeblood of the Bitcoin community, but I fucking hate BFL's guts so much these days, and I haven't even bought anything from them
Carry on good sir.
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:23:32
Do this, seriously, I've used Armory to handle my bitcoins for more than a year, easy to use, never had any problems, and most importantly, *safe*!
@_date: 2013-03-05 10:27:53
I ..... well, shit.
@_date: 2013-03-28 12:10:25
I told all my friends a year or two ago, they heard me out, politely nodded, and expressed in a handful of sentences that they had absolutely no interest in the idea. Now admittedly Australia has had it *really* good financially compared to Europe and America so I can understand their stance. Kind of.
A vast number of the people I know are completely at ease with the completely broken, biased system we have, and have absolutely no interest in wanting it changed. It sucks, but I guess that is how most people are, they need to see change happen in front of their eyes before they can believe it is possible. 
I just hope more of the disillusioned get on board first before the fat cats of the world decide Bitcoin is a good idea too and they try to use Bitcoin to consolidate and hedge their ridiculous amount of wealth.
@_date: 2013-12-24 00:14:11
I agree, but it is a middleman that doesn't have monopolistic control over people's money, and is only there for merchants, users are not affected in the slightest by these intermediaries. Unlike paypal, bitpay et al. acts only as an intermediary for the merchant, the client has full control over their funds, and even if bitpay decided to act like paypal, merchants aren't tied in to exclusively use their service, they can simply switch, and it will not affect the end user.
Bitcoin needs to walk before it can run, and Bitpay acts as a bridge to merchants to do a lot of the hard work and alleviates stress regarding volatility, managing Bitcoin balances, processing etc. It is a natural effect of the adoption of Bitcoin and makes the migration smooth, safe and seamless while at the same time giving both users and merchants far greater control over their money.
@_date: 2013-03-16 12:41:47
I 4th and @_date: 2013-01-17 09:58:44
If there is a bet, then the odds better be very high that it will hit 15k [this]( if you stretched it out almost certainly means it will hit 15k before April 1st. source was from  
@_date: 2013-07-29 16:44:18
Bitpay does it all for you for a small fee. Bitpay deposits it to the bank account you nominate.
@_date: 2013-04-29 18:22:57
The conditions for this "crash" is different though.
Back in 2011 it was simply hype, without an underlying, established economy, that took time to build sufficiently since many people were still unsure whether Bitcoin could be even considered a currency, it did get there though. Just remember it fell to 1/16th of it's all time high, and recovered in what can now be considered a spectacular rebound.
In this case it is entirely different, in the end it came down to liquidity, and this will probably take less time to deal with compared to the question of whether it is a currency or not, or whether it is secure or not, as opposed to Bitcoin's nebulous relevance in 2011. This time around it is largely accepted Bitcoin is not a scam or insecure on a fundamental level. It is simply experiencing scaling issues, largely due to the requirements of existing bank's requirements, and that existing exchanges need to be adaptive to the growth that Bitcoin has presented.
I will make a "bold" prediction though and say until the situation of exchanges changes, in the sense that they have dealt with the ddos issues and can handle increased demand, we will probably sit around where we are currently. No doubt though, once these issues are handled, we will see increases in value again, esp. if other new reliable exchanges appear on the horizon in the near future (IOW exchanges that follow in Mt Gox's footsteps and go through the AML/KYC route).
I think this is simply a bump in Bitcoin's path, rather than a roadblock.
Edit: words.
@_date: 2013-09-24 15:29:15
I think he is crying manly tears of joy. ;) 
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:02:32
yep :)
@_date: 2013-07-28 16:09:53
Personally I don't think Ripple will ever be opensourced.
It has been closed source because it can't stop others spinning off versions like what happened with Bitcoin's sister currencies like litecoin, ppcoin, terracoin, devcoin, feathercoin, etc. 
Opensourcing makes them vulnerable to direct competition and this will outweigh the benefits of opensourcing until they get enough support. But most that would support it are waiting until they *opensource* it. They are stuck in a catch-22.
Ripple is in a development and growth cul-de-sac that I'm fairly confident they will never emerge from. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 11:05:29
Abso-fucking-loutely. It's funny, we've lived without a free market so long we've pretty much forgotten what they look like. 
I don't think it's romantic or unrealistic. I think it's *vital* that major economies get reeled in, they've consistently shown they are shithouse at doing so willfully, so dragging them into a system that forces them to is the only real option left.
@_date: 2013-01-11 02:26:12
Because the price rebounded so quickly they never had a chance to buy back in lower than what they sold at (unless they bought back in almost immediately). They sold massive numbers of coins too, somewhere around 100,000 BTC. The price plummeted to $8-7 then quickly rebounded to $10-11, so no they wouldn't be buying back in at a much lower price. At this starting point they could never buy back in fully without taking a big loss. Buying back in is probable but why buy back in at a higher price than when you sold? The reality is that since then the big seller would only really be able to buy back in at half of what they sold approximately in order to hold onto any profits made since the market never moved below $11 since then. The failing of the Bitcoin BS&amp;T Ponzi was looming large and the atmosphere was showing probable signs that sellers would panic sell too (they didn't really though thankfully). 
My theory is the sellers weren't trying to make money on a fluctuation, they wanted a crash in the price where they could pick up tons of Bitcoins after the price was shattered to pay back BS&amp;T investors. Don't get me wrong though, people making money off of fluctuations in price is AOK IMO, sepculation is part of price discovery after all. But what happened in August-September was blatent, and I'm quite certain it was deliberate, since after the first wave of massive sells, the market hardly moved, there was a second massive sell. This was a deliberate manipulation of the price IMO.
@_date: 2013-05-18 14:43:55


Indeed why bother, this thread is a waste of time, if you want the endless tirades, month-long discussion etc. rather than spamming the thread with more of this crap feel free to go:
* [here](
 
* [here](
 
* [here](
* [here](
* [here](
* [here](
* [and here](
for your talking points so we can save everyone several hours of writing, as well as saving me wasting my time dealing with those that can't be damned doing some due diligence on the matter.
 
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:11:30
Gold must be in serious danger of losing all it's value then...
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:49:56
It means any company/startup/etc. that wants to start handling Bitcoins can. Banks have been told that it isn't money so they can't treat it like another money. 
It means the regulatory environment has been blown wide open. In America, no exchange can wipe it's arse without Fincen sniffing it with all their laws on money. There are zero big exchanges in America for this reason. In China it is now the exact opposite, with the exception of implementing ID checks for people buying, businesses can use them as they like at their own risk, exchanges fall under this and have a huge amount of freedom relative to America. 
If anything the Fincen ruling is toxic to any business trading bitcoins (Bitinstant, and trading hill are such casualties) and PBC ruling is starting with a clean legal slate for all manner of businesses to play in.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:57:27
IMO, this was probably the only way. Satoshi had to give every advantage to the early users to avoid failure. Remember Bitcoin literally languished for a year before it picked up steam. Users that picked up Bitcoin early left, only to return when they realised they were sitting on a fortune, thus reinvigorating their enthusiasm for the currency. Some saw the potential early and made cool things to complement it, those visionaries did it to complement the mining pools or were acting in the spirit of community, but they also got bounties, donations, and it helped Bitcoin to be richer than it was.
Mining wasn't about being "fair" in the early days (and I mean *real* early days), this was about scattering Bitcoins to as many people as possible in the hopes they'd stick around a little longer and make something of this obscure currency. There was no interview, no politics, no benefactor, nothing but your voluntary contribution to the security of the network that was rewarded, and that was rewarded proportionately to your "effort" AKA hashrate. Besides, Satoshi had no idea how to predict the growth of Bitcoin, he used educated guesses for a number of factors, IMO he actually did pretty well in those estimates, it's the only way it could be done hands off.
When I saw Bitcoin, there was only the reference client, nothing else. Literally. Nothing. Else.
Bitcoin was barren, make no mistake, right now might be the wild west, but back then it was a desert. You only have the wild west now because people stuck around to build something in that desert.
And they did it because they got Bitcoins for their efforts. It's not a disproportionate advantage, its an investment in the future. It's to reward the far seeing and the curious, the hardworking and the ambitious for their passion and for many, their willingness to take risks, like buying Bitcoins with cash (I was one of those super early ones). 
Today the Columbus voyage can be done in a week or so on a multi-multi million dollar ship, for a moderate amount of money in the most lavish and luxurious settings, safe, easy. Columbus had a wooden boat, an inkling of where to go, no guarantee of return, and risked the lives of he and his men for something he believed in. 
Columbus goes into the history books, you get a ticket stub. Same with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-20 16:26:30
I also doubt it can be done, I think his wording led me to assume incorrectly. Being able to tie payments to work done should be quite doable, it just needs an implementation, that in itself is is a worthy project goal, even if it couldn't be used to help secure the network.
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:58:35
You mirror my feelings exactly. Too much too fast. Once we hit 100 and then surged to 200 in days I was dreading the plummet on a daily basis. I just hope Mt Gox was able to get things under control regarding their lag and outages. Sometimes there is such a thing as being too popular :/
@_date: 2013-03-02 17:16:03
Nice! Never realised this existed until now.
@_date: 2013-04-13 15:31:00
Very nice of you, thanks!
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:48:14
Heh, this is almost a verbatim reaction when Mt Gox was getting shaky last time. Absolutely nothing earth shattering has occurred to the Bitcoin network, it's viability, it's liquidity, etc.
What is actually happening is a bunch of people overinvested (yet again) and are spooked by the China news (which is hardly world ending, quite the opposite), and they are rushing for the exits, others see this and herd mentality kicks in. Unfortunately Mt Gox and Coinbase are having a hard time again, and so everyone is having a panic party. As long as you only invested what you were willing to lose (you DID only invest what you were willing to lose right??), everything's fine.
tldr; april/may all over again with far more people overreacting to what is compared to last time fairly indifferent news, just with more emotional people not knowing what they are doing. 
@_date: 2013-09-18 16:22:22
The network effect in action.
@_date: 2013-02-24 03:58:58
I don't think it is an underestimation since I have many comparisons in the digital world to draw on. If the US government were going to shut down Bitcoin, they would have done it already. The copyright world is rife with infringement, and no government yet has been able to stamp it out. Very powerful corporate partnerships have been running propaganda campaigns for decades trying to paint copyright infringement as "piracy". It hasn't worked, at all. Torrenting was a natural progression of laws against downloading copyrighted content on servers. Same goes for the "war on drugs". Illegal porn still circulates regardless of the jail-time people can get, granted these people are sick and not necessarily rational people, but my point is just because a government makes it illegal, doesn't mean there will be a chilling effect like you imply. The chilling effect from the attacks on liberty dollar and eGold certainly hasn't affected Bitcoin's popularity in the USA. If Bitcoin remains useful, even if its use for over the counter items is cut out of the equation, it could still be a massive boon for illegal services just on it's own.
Except for Finland I believe, whose tax agency released a statement saying Bitcoin could be used as a valid form of money in the country, Bitcoin exists in a legal grey area for many countries. Though businesses have made statements saying they were holding back, there are still many businesses that have seen the opportunities and have barrelled headlong into the Bitcoin scene, and a great many have an American presence. News of Bitcoin has still only spread to a tiny portion of the world, yet it has gotten what I would consider considerable support considering the circumstances. It has already weathered **MASSIVE**, criticism in the early years. 
Banning any currency, even Bitcoin that has no sovereign issuer, would be a political shitstorm. Interestingly it is definitely illegal to issue your own currency in the USA, making Bitcoin likely already "illegal" in America, but Bitcoin does not originate in the US, it can't feasibly be considered a currency originating in the USA. What's more, even if you consider miners running software in the US as illegal issuers, you'd have heard BFL get a visit by the FBI any time soon. Why has the Bitcoin foundation been allowed to continue operating if their actions, already deemed illegal in the US, were allowed to continue promoting Bitcoin? In the case of [e-Gold]( (currently worth at least 120million) and [Liberty Dollar]( (worth at the time 7million), they simply attacked the owners as running money laundering or other crimes under the guise of a "currency". in liberty dollar's case, the owner was charged with [impersonating American currency]( it worked because there were issuers in America, addresses to seize assets, etc. They also had means to dismantle the organisations, they had jurisdictional control, they had operators to hunt down. In Bitcoin's case, it would be as effective as banning torrent clients. And there's the rub, no torrent client has ever been banned, because on it's own it's not being used as an instrument to commit crime, only seeders, trackers and ISPs are actually committing any breach of the law. Bitcoin is a multinational currency, it is excellent at obfuscating itself, it is, much like torrenting (though far better IMO), a multi-headed hydra, cut off one, and three will grow back.
I do agree that larger adoption will make it harder to demonise Bitcoin adoption, but I think the horse may already have bolted. 
 
@_date: 2013-04-12 11:02:57
[Gotta loooooove that exchange rate](
@_date: 2013-11-03 12:31:59
These are the weak hands I guess.
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:14:07
Indeed, indeed. Being among Bitcoin for so long, it's hard to accept such drastic growth, but really, the free market is the final arbiter, what I want is a tiny blip compared to the consensus, and as we know, the consensus is king.
I'm still pragmatic, but I'm also quite confident that Bitcoin is limitless in it's possibilities. Hell, there was a time I considered $100 a pipe dream (seriously, I've been following Bitcoin a while). Now that my wildest expectations have already been exceeded, time to set some new ones I suppose....
@_date: 2013-03-16 08:58:58
I'm inclined to believe OP on this one. Read the OP's text, then afterwards I'd suggest you delete your incredibly insensitive, vitriolic post. Even if the OP were begging, abuse on the thread is hardly a solution, if you feel so inclined, report it, downvote, and move on.
@_date: 2013-11-13 16:33:45
I know I said I'd never "congratulate you" for what you did, but I'm at least glad you came through unscathed, so, I'm glad you didn't get yourself in dire straits as a result of going all-in on Bitcoin. *Now don't ever do that again! :)*. And yes, banks, and to a lesser degree, governments (being nowadays bought and paid for by special interests) are as I see it one of the biggest impediments to people living more prosperous lives. It's all a game to them, but life and death for us. It's good you were able to give them the finger after they tried to give you the shaft :D. 
Just remember to not get greedy and decide to gamble your gains on even higher gains in the hope of it going "to the moon" as some retards like to refer to it now. Even now, expecting Bitcoin to simply continue rising is still a gamble.
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:14:23
We seem to have reached a consensus even under mutually assured destruction..... I think we can handle this.
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:45:35
If you are suspected of committing a crime, the burden of proof will be on you. Like I said, you still have to prove you didn't knowingly receive it. If validation of clean addresses came with the caveat that any dirty money sent to the address can be classified as not-tainted then the whole concept is made even more convoluted. Will you then be required to send it to the authorities unless you want to get sent to jail? Will they then require further checks "to make sure everything is on the level" after such an "incident" occurs? Is this the cost of using Bitcoin? Living with the fear that someone may try to implicate you and your business at any moment with their dirty money? How about extortion attempts using that address? Just threaten to drop coins in their clean address unless they cave to their demands, it's probably even better than DDOSing their site because it's cheaper, faster, easier, AND it puts the business owner in the hot seat with the authorities. I know a [guy had this very thing happen to him but with his *real* address]( where some silkroad users ordered heroin to be sent to his address, he was extremely lucky though since he was able to notify the cops before the plan had unfolded. Guess how lucky he would have been trying to explain that after the fact when he gets caught red handed.
Just like a domain for a business, a clean address puts a nice big target on that businesses back that criminals can exploit.
Clean addresses is a terrible idea that is doomed to fail.
@_date: 2013-11-06 05:25:00
The drop in April was because Mt Gox was completely unprepared for the huge demand and got overwhelmed. This caused a run on the exchange that exacerbated the problem, compounding this was the all time high territory that Bitcoin was breaking for the first time so many, many people were realising profits to USD because they were uncertain the value would sustain itself over the longer term. Thus, the price fell, and quickly.
None of these things can happen the second time around. Mt Gox has hardened their infrastructure, and is continuing to do so, Bitcoin value is now propped up by at least 4 major exchanges, compared to the one major exchange last time. We've seen the value hover around $100 for months, and many tests of the price has happened over that time, so people are far more comfortable with Bitcoin holding it's value over the longer term. New markets, such as china are now getting exposed to the Bitcoin economy so there is much more liquidity from different sources. Also the usual suspects, more advances in technology, more positive news, greater adoption, etc. etc.
The Bitcoin environment compared to 7 months ago is very different now. There's a much stronger likelihood that there will be less volatility compared to more ATM.
@_date: 2013-02-16 16:20:37
Hindsight is 20/20 naturally. Same could be said about lotto numbers, the stock market, etc.
Nothing in this world can be predicted. Right now Bitcoin is the decentralised digital currency of choice, but maybe litecoin is going to be king in a few years, maybe if SOPA had been passed namecoins would've rocketed in price. If I had bought stocks in Apple in 2000 for a fairly modest amount, I could be a multimillionaire now. Almost anything has the potential to skyrocket in value, and for a lot of these things it takes not just vision and courage, but also a nice hefty chunk of luck! :)
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:31:12
This is probably what he is referring to 
@_date: 2013-05-11 15:57:21
:) tips welcome but by no means necessary. I just want to make sure no inadvertent disasters occur. Even now they still happen regularly though. FYI the live CD incident was reported a few years back and the guy lost about 9000 coins (they were worth ~$400 at the time though, but it still regularly makes me wince), even still, informing people this early in the game is vital if I/we want Bitcoin to succeed. In my mind it's cool if people don't want to use it, it's when enthusiastic users misstep through no fault of their own and get turned off early on. Unfortunately Bitcoin is *very* cutting edge, so regrettably these things happen. If I can help mitigate it a little then I'm glad.
BTW, always be very super careful with funds accessible from the internet. Bitcoin-qt is good, but an offline machine and Armory is even better (I use this for big funds, and blockchain.info for play money &gt;$100). I'm paranoid myself, but I still think users should always make security their TOP priority when using Bitcoin, and armory IMO gives you the best of both worlds. I've used Bitcoin for a couple years now on a irregular basis and never lost/had stolen any coins with armory so I think it is paying off, (it also allows you to manage your change! ;) ).
@_date: 2013-05-10 19:09:45
To simplify. If you sent the funds with blockchain then the remaining funds *should* show up in the blockchain wallet. If you sent it with Bitcoin-qt, expect the remaining funds to show up in bitcoin-qt instead. If it shows up in neither, check to see that the transaction has at least been confirmed before panicking. If has been confirmed, make sure Bitcoin-qt is up to date, if that is done too ... you may have a problem. If you sent the transaction from bitcoin-qt on a live-cd install with a copy of your wallet I may have bad news since it may be that a new address was generated on the live-cd system and wasn't backed up when the machine was shut down (I mention this since it has happened to others in the early days), though I think it unlikely you sent the transaction like that, I mention it just in case.
Change is done like this for at least one reason I know of. It is a powerful means of essentially introducing transaction "noise", just like you'd turn up a noisy radio to obscure a conversation between two people, spending the entirety of the funds so that some go to the recipient and the other goes back to the sender goes a long way to obfuscating who got which transaction.
Certain clients have modified this behaviour so that change is sent back to the original address but this makes funds laughably easy to track and is dangerous since it is then easy to profile you, know your spending habits, and given a reasonable amount of time and info, identify you. This is *bad8 if for no other reason than because criminals could identify your funds and give you a visit, if you're lucky just hack your machine, or if you are unlucky and have massive numbers of coins, arrive on your doorstep with some duct tape and a rubber hose... Sending change back to the original addresses should only be done for trivial amounts, and sparingly.
@_date: 2013-03-26 13:40:50
[This sums up my sentiment regarding your first question.]( 
[Second.]( 
[Third.]( 
@_date: 2013-02-02 13:54:17
??? . Dude, do you even use Armory?
The offline Armory never touches the blockchain, nor the internet. If by "infect" you mean a virus could be transferred via a flash drive then I think it *may* be time to put the tinfoil hat away. And besides the only thing that gets transferred accross is a small text file that gets signed. If you wanted to be super, super, SUPER paranoid you could transcribe the text accross visually, or print it out, then scan it and OCR it, but frankly I think the paranoia is disproportional to the threat. So yeah, you can have a completely infect free, safe, offline machine.
I'll use Electrum when I can create watching only wallets, sign transactions offline, and use multiple wallets all within a GUI. Do that and then, *maybe* it will be useful for everyday users. Unlike others that have the "I don't care how you do it, just give it to me now" mentality, I value security above all else, because at the end of the day, Bitcoin is useless if it can't be used securely.
@_date: 2013-04-13 17:00:53
Been there, this is the reason I am not filthy rich, but also the reason why I have not been hospitalised with heart trouble, or institutionalised for that matter ;)
@_date: 2013-03-18 12:00:09
Indeed, getting coins into more hands is far more important than moving huge amounts of coins into a few institutions or organisations. Bitcoin's value is a purely psychological thing now, for it to become widely accepted, it needs to be accepted, and used, by as many people as possible. 
In any case, businesses or those that handle large amounts of money are usually last to the party since they tend to avoid risk whenever possible, that very nature makes them very bad candidates for Bitcoin adopters. 
Get people to fall in love with Bitcoin first and the big players will follow the money. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 12:45:01
Hear me out before you downvote.
I like that we have people like darkwings_08, and others like witcoins, badger7 (who I'm almost certain is also darkwings_08), and the other Bitcoin haters, not because darkwings_08 is well reasoned, respectful, or even right. Having him around helps punctuate that is not the echo chamber people like to believe it to be. 
If he were silenced by the mods, or having his posts deleted or banned it would smell of an agenda on the part of mods and the community to only promote content and posts that are favourable.
Now I will fully admit that he is an asshat, and even if he were right (which I have yet to find him to be), his rather cute gloating and narcissistic drooling over any shift in price down is on full display. 
He, by his own actions makes himself look like the resident crazy person having an argument with a fire hydrant that bumped into him, or any person that spends more than 5 seconds looking in his direction. Having him around, even as distasteful as he is, reassures me that the forum here is open and not being censored. 
But this extreme behaviour should not be an excuse to engage him such that we devolve to his level, instead it should be an opportunity to distinguish ourselves as respectful, helpful, and tolerant Bitcoin enthusiasts that are passionate about Bitcoin and are more than willing to help it reach it's potential. The generosity to charities like Sean's Outpost, getting businesses on board like gyft that have demonstrated that using Bitcoin can not just benefit them, but also lead to advantages for users (in the form of savings) and also help strengthen the Bitcoin economy, and other small favours like tipping, clarifying the facts (even if it is the same clarification happening every couple days), making sure first timers get it right, making sure people in general are prudent about security, getting the facts on breaking news, exploring new markets and bitcoin applications, as well as encouraging small businesses to open up to Bitcoin adoption for the betterment of not just us but also them is what distinguishes us from darkwings_08. 
I don't really hate him, but I do pity him, because while most people are pushing forward making bitcoin better, and discovering ever more ingenious ways to use and adopt Bitcoin, darkwings_08 et al. are wasting all their energy typing venomous responses in the hope someone will hear him.
I suggest we stop paying attention to him and let him spend some quality time with himself.
As an aside, wouldn't it be good if we could get some flair in this sub?
@_date: 2013-04-04 12:47:47
 There is nothing left at this address, as Aziz_92 said, don't **EVER** share your private key with anyone unless you want your balance stolen.
@_date: 2013-11-30 15:52:57
I for one have no problem with this. Telling merchants to not tell us they are adopting Bitcoin is silly. It's news, we WANT to know.
@_date: 2013-04-06 05:18:08
Antifragility at work.
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:03:49
I like to think of witcoins as the resident crazy person that has arguments with fire hydrants. Everyone knows he has nothing comprehensible to say. Witcoins is simply someone that decided to go full retard and never turned back.
I actually find his nonsensical rambling somewhat endearing. 
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:57:07
I think it is a very safe assumption IMO, since I'm very confident that Bitcoin is working axactly as it should. But the free market, as small as it is currently is *very* volatile, especially when the market is small (like it is currently) and when the attention is great (as it is currently). Hopefully these things balance out eventually, at least in the long term, but as money, people have said time and again, Bitcoin is an experimental currency. It's experimental in more ways then one actually, and it is testing the fundamentals of money in the way currency works in an environment that is largely free from direct interference (that being banks, governments and other influences). This is profound in many ways and it is **SO** accessible to the traditional financial world it is like a portal to a different dimension. Absolutely *nothing* like this has existed before and no-one really knows if it will function like, or better than currencies before it that have been chained to certain mechanisms.
tl;dr It will, barring a catastrophic security breach continue to rise over the coming years, barring a disproval of austrian economic theory. I personally am quite confident and hopeful. :)
@_date: 2013-01-24 16:46:43
At 16 I thought things would settle down, at 17 I was getting a little antsy, at 18, my spidey senses were tingling and saying "the drop is gonna happen any minute now, and if we don't correct now it's probably gonna be bad". At 19 .... fuck it, $10 it is then.
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:49:59
This is pretty much my strategy.
I know some (esp. my friends) will say, "stop being greedy", or, "at least put *some* aside in case it crashes", or some other "save/think of yourself" rationalisation. But for me I'm thinking long term, I genuinely don't believe the currencies of the world will be getting stronger in the next few years, quite the contrary. 
Crazy as it sounds, I feel *safer* and more secure holding Bitcoin. When 2016 comes round the only reason I could rationalise selling to fiat may be because Bitcoin will have risen so much there still won't be a market for expensive items yet. Bring a guy of modest means, means I can sit and wait and save until I actually want to use them.
@_date: 2013-03-24 11:42:06
Bitcoin is an international money that functions across all currencies without ever needing to convert across USD in order to determine value. This also includes gold/silver. I can very easily convert Bitcoins to Gold/silver/metals. If a person accepts gold/silver you could hardly argue I'm at any stage trading via fiat. Now you could argue that Gold is pegged to the USD, but history has shown in the past that the value was pegged to Gold instead and it's valuation of particular items goes back far more than the USD, in either case it is the seller that chooses to peg his prices to whatever currency and I am still free to reject his arbitrary valuation of my bitcoins according to him. I as a consumer have the discretion to choose how much I think my Bitcoins are worth relative to the goods I wish to buy, and who I trade with for what. For many, existing currencies is simply a familiar valuation method that is chosen for pragmatic reasons, being because it is perhaps a stable store of value, familiar, traditional, etc. Regardless of this fact though, I am the one in the position to initiate the transaction, not the seller. I am not by law induced to accept the current seller's valuation in USD/EUR/any other currency, nor is the seller induced to accept Bitcoins based on my valuation either. Both buyer/seller have their own idea of what it is worth to them to transact in Bitcoins and it is up to both of them to reach an agreement on the value. This is what it means to have a free market.
@_date: 2013-11-12 08:48:57
Agreed. Admittedly some people are very risk averse. Some people truly don't want to bother with the hassle of handling and using bitcoins which is somewhat understandable. Much like the internet, there were those that were curious and saw it's huge potential, even with all it's ugly and complicated machinations to get going, and there were others that were just as happy using the existing system until the internet caught up and became intuitive enough that it only took a small step to start using it effortlessly.
Bitcoin still has a few years to before my parents can use it and it Just Works^tm . We are still in the innovator phase after all :P.
@_date: 2013-02-18 02:53:37
CC and BTC are not services that play well together since the chance of online fraud is incredibly high, credit transactions are reversible, Bitcoin transactions are irreversible. You're also forgetting the traditional banking system has had the backing of every major government and corporation,  legislation to force these financial systems into existence, and the last several hundred years to make it all happen. Bitcoin has absolutely no financial backing from anyone other than the common people that choose to use it, zero legislation to regulate it, is a completely decentralised implementation, and it has only existed as a currency for 4(!) years.
I sympathise with your problem, but most of your hassles are not insurmountable. I say this because when I tried to sell a few coins that could be moved into my bank account in 2010 (a friend called me out on Bitcoin being a currency and challenged me to sell the coins and get the cash directly deposited into my bank account) I also found it nigh on impossible. I had to go to Mt Gox, sell them for liberty dollars then from liberty dollars find a money changer that accepted liberty dollars, then get the money changer to deposit it to my account. The process took forever (though I was egged on by the bet) and was a logistical nightmare.
Things are FAR better these days, but unless you live in either Europe or north America it's still difficult to buy/sell coins in other countries. The infrastructure is coming online as popularity increases so just be thankful you didn't try doing the same thing in 2010, because I can tell you from experience, it was practically impossible.
In 2010 it initially took me several weeks of toiling get a proper number of coins to spend, and I had to do some fairly risky things with my money to make it happen. In the meantime HUGE amount of infrastructure and services have materialised to provide Bitcoins, so don't give up.
@_date: 2013-04-07 14:23:18
[If the USD collapses](
@_date: 2013-10-23 12:57:47
Truly you have a dizzying intellect.
@_date: 2013-06-27 09:55:45
Here you go.
Indictment In Bitcoin Bidding Scheme For Mitt Romney's Tax Returns BOSTON, MA - NOVEMBER 07:
Remember all the fuss over Mitt Romney’s secret tax returns during the Presidential campaign? We knew he was wealthy. We knew he had a low marginal tax rate. But the more Mr. Romney refused to hand over his returns, the more the public clamored for them. And one man’s alleged scheme could have blown that story wide open.
But now it is having a considerably less glorious end. Michael Mancil Brown was indicted on extortion and wire fraud charges over Mitt Romney’s tax returns. All tolled there are six counts of wire fraud and six of extortion. The indictment reveals Brown’s alleged scheme to defraud Romney and PricewaterhouseCoopers by falsely claiming he had purloined the Romney returns from the PricewaterhouseCoopers computer network.
Brown is alleged to have sent a demand letter asking for $ 1 million worth of Bitcoin or the returns would go public. But here’s where the alleged scheme gets even better. The letter is alleged to have also invited interested parties wanting the Romney tax documents to be released to contribute $1 million to another Bitcoin account. Pay to keep them quiet, or pay to release them, and may the highest Bitcoin bidder prevail?
Mr. Brown is alleged to have delivered similar letters to Democratic and Republican party offices, and to have posted notices on Pastebin.com. Of course, the treasure trove of tax returns never surfaced. But some of the letters apparently claimed there were two decades’ worth of Romney tax returns.
Why were Mitt Romney’s tax returns such a major issue? Tax returns are private and releasing them is not required by law, not even for presidential candidates. Yet for decades candidates have made a show of doing so, not only for the Nation’s highest office.
It seemed unrealistic to believe Romney could be elected to the White House while refusing to release them. It was already a strike against Romney that he is wealthy, one of the wealthiest ever to run for President. See Don’t Call Me Gordon Gekko. When one added his reluctance to release his tax returns, Mr. Romney seemed to march to a decidedly different drummer.
In any case, perhaps today Mr. Romney is gratified to know that someone was indicted over the tax returns for Bitcoin scheme. Or perhaps it’s a painful reminder of the relentless push to get his tax returns. Either way, one player in the foiled drama that surely wishes it had no part in the alleged scheme is Bitcoin.
Poor Bitcoin. Bitcoin was presumably the alleged payment medium because of its anonymity. The digital currency has been slammed of late by state regulators, and just can’t seem to catch a break. States Put Heat on Bitcoin. Banking regulators in California and New York have issued letters telling the companies that they need to follow the state rules or prove the rules don’t apply. And even if we don’t hear much more about the Mitt Romney tax return scheme, we’ll surely hear more about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-26 01:40:15
I've noticed this a huge amount too. Financial types, journalists, government types, etc. It's a way of sounding supportive but also hedging their opinion in case Bitcoin flops and they look like an idiot and mar their reputation. Then they can go, "see? the technology is great, but it still needs work" or some other dismissive nonsense so they aren't seen as a supporter that didn't know what they were talking about.
People used to knowing what's what, *hate* being blindsided by events like this and made to look like fools. But they're also good at pandering to everyone, and this is a way to keep on both the supporters and sceptics side until they know for certain which way it goes. Many still refuse to actually delve into the technology and understand it before making an opinion on it. I bet you every person that is solidly confident about Bitcoin being the future has read the white paper and gotten to grips with Bitcoin's functionality and history. Anyone who says it's great BUT it's probably going to be supplanted by something else, doesn't (or doesn't want to) understand the tech, or Bitcoin's true capabilities.
@_date: 2013-10-31 11:48:15
It should already be in the process of happening. Edan Yago should be announcing this month that there is a country hosting a Bitcoin friendly trading zone this month (November). It will be completely legal to use and trade in Bitcoin as well as conduct business and banking using Bitcoin.
Edit: here's the [presentation](
@_date: 2013-11-08 16:35:01
This guy really has nothing useful to say. I think it best that businessinsider articles be taken with a grain of salt at best. There are authors there that are more interested in making fun of Bitcoin users, rather than actually adding anything of substance to the conversation.
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:54:37
I never said Bitcoin, Zerocoin, Torsites, bits of precious metal or any other math-based or physical item was breaking the law. Inanimate objects don't commit crimes, people do and they often use those things to do it.
Whether dealing in drugs is illegal or not is up to the country in question. I don't care either way, all I do know is if you break laws in America or any other country and they know who you are, they will get you charge you and jail you even if you obstinately disagree with them, case in point being eGold, Liberty Reserve etc.
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:57:13
He's shoving words down Gavin's mouth that he never said. Gavin expressed an opinion, and Cody decided to [cherry pick the meanings in Gavins words that matched his agenda]( so that it looked like Gavin and himself agreed when Gavin was simply ruminating about how he would have handled things if he knew what he did now. That's dishonesty if ever I saw it. Gavin never said that the foundation should be dismantled at all, he said that he had wished he had done things differently, but he never said that the foundation is something that should be dismantled and or replaced so saying something like


is undoubtedly false . Gavin also never explicitly made any statement that Cody's agenda was the right way to go about things.
Cody is suffering a severe case of confirmation bias and jumping to conclusions, then twisting Gavin's words to feed that bias. He's lying through his teeth IMO.
@_date: 2015-02-28 05:03:04
Offchain transactions was always going to be a part of how Bitcoin is transacted, the key is it is optional, and as you said before you weren't interested in ideological use cases, you wanted practical applications, so if a service that uses off chain transactions has a good enough reputation, and settles with other services later then that is still a legitimate form of value transfer, as long as I'm happy to trust that they deliver that is.


So if I want to [pay for my MEGA cloud storage]( how do I do it now? This is one of those grey markets I was mentioning...
From the article:


@_date: 2013-11-27 17:19:35
heh, Namecoin isn't sustainable, it is innovative but it doesn't provide huge benefits. A decentralised dns is interesting, but it has nothing that gives it huge advantages over traditional dns, this is why it has languished for years.


Yeah, all those bitcointips to seans outpost and new users, the empty rhetoric about making Bitcoin better than banks that treat everyone like shit, selfish bastards....


Do you even read my posts? I never said we shouldn't have alts, I said all the current alts are useless and unnecessary. I quote my original post:






The sound of someone gloating is the sign that their supreme confidence will be their undoing. But don't mind me, bask, bask away. I have nothing to fear since you obviously bring nothing new to the table. How's litecoin handling it's big selling point that it's "ASIC resistant" is turning out to be [not so true?]( Or are we shifting the goalposts on that one? Litecoin is quickly becoming an even more irrelevent currency, no matter how desperately you try to sugarcoat it. I'm very glad I am not in a position where I risk holding the bag.
@_date: 2013-07-26 15:20:51
Yeah, unfortunately some libertarians get REALLY defensive and resort to passive aggressive adhominem attacks to make themselves feel better. I personally love many principles of the libertarian philosophy as well as anarcho-capitalism, warms my heart to see libertarians flock to Bitcoin and make it into a great form of currency. 
Primarily though Bitcoin should be portrayed as neutral politically, I want not just libertarians to use it, I want everyone to use it. You shouldn't have to feel like you need to be a libertarian to use Bitcoin.
As I said in a previous post, gold, silver, bullion, even is neutral, should be too.
@_date: 2013-02-02 08:13:47
Use Armory. Electrum is not ready for everyday users. 
@_date: 2013-05-12 17:36:29
Real investors in the sense that they are helping fund startups around Bitcoin. This is nothing but good news. 
This moves it from community currency to proper economy/industry. 
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:58:29
A white screen is like staring at the sun. Cool grey makes it feel like I'm in my hacker cave, right where I belong :). It was the sole reason for me getting RES installed, *then* I discovered all the other delicious features.
@_date: 2013-05-15 08:40:15
It's quite ironic that people's bank accounts that are connected to Dwolla are essentially being frozen and in response to this, people are *selling* their Bitcoins so they can put themselves at even more risk of having those funds also frozen.
Makes sense it does not.
@_date: 2013-09-26 05:47:41
Also of interest is a plan to make an [autonomous financial zone]( that is Bitcoin friendly. It is, last I heard being announced who/where the host country is in November. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 11:57:00
Well, frankly, we've seen a huge [explosion in new users recently, the number of subscribers was only 50,000 2 months ago, now it's 80,000 (!)]( A 37% increase. I think you'll find the vast number of people posting panic and FUD are very new to the game.
@_date: 2013-01-02 02:57:45
Ponizis are also possible in Bitcoinland. Have you completely forgotten about Pirateat40? This is not a Bitcoin problem, this is a human problem. Old investment perspectives die hard, I'm guessing many many people will have a hard time understanding why interest on Bitcoins is a pointless endeavor.
If banks are giving interest in almost any form for Bitcoin deposits, then you'd definitely smell a rat since Bitcoin does not depend on handing out credit to spur growth like fiat does. Depositing at a bank for interest on Bitcoins is absurd since simply holding coins makes them accrue in value, generally speaking.
@_date: 2013-03-02 17:08:29
Hmmm, the block it was included in became orphaned maybe? I'm still not sure about the tx size though, is says in blockchain it is 11412 (bytes), not kilobytes. that should make it 11.412kb, unless I'm missing something here... I can't believe that a transaction, and even a chunky one like the one you are referring to, could be 1mb+.
@_date: 2013-01-23 01:04:12
Artifical scarcity (withholding coins from circulation, AKA cornering the market) and actual scarcity will have the exact same effect, higher prices. Additionally, it is likely that more people will adopt Bitcoin in the meantime so there will likely be more demand in the future, thus putting more pressure on the price. This is why I believe miners will hold off selling until absolutely necessary, their windfall of coins is coming to a close.
Based on that, I believe Bitcoins *will* become more scarce for buyers.
@_date: 2013-11-21 09:55:30
We've had literally dozens of alt-coins, with the only one that has been even moderately succesful being litecoin and only because it is so similar to Bitcoin, and because it was able to build up hashrate due to the move from CPUs to GPUs and then GPUs to asics.
Ripple, a commercially funded so-called decentralised currency, yet wholly distributed by the business Opencoin has had millions poured into it over the last 2 years and has essentially gotten nowhere because people (rightly so) don't trust them due to their centralised coin distribution, lack of transparency, and dubious motivations. 
Mintchip, a government sponsored concept, was announced years ago, rumoured to be inspired by Bitcoin is still waiting to be rolled out, (and in all likelihood never will be due to lack of interest).
There have been stacks of competitors trying to wrest away from Bitcoin interest, market share, both from commercial outfits, government, and groups of developers and no small number of scammers releasing their own brand of Bitcoin to peddle their own pet idea or get-rich-quick-coin.
I've seen them all come and go, and some even stick around like a bad smell, but Bitcoin has always had the first mover advantage, has a very solid reputation, with a very large base of developers, even in the early days, that have demonstrated a relentless determination to make Bitcoin better in every way, every day.
Any competitor right now will have to have a marvellous advantage over Bitcoin, and have proven to have solved one or more major limitations of Bitcoin, that in itself could not be integrated into Bitcoin in the future. 
That there is the rub, a classic example is multisignatures, I know there was an alt-coin that implemented multisignatures into their altcoin while Bitcoin was still lacking the functionality. This advantage was stripped away though since after a fair amount of wrangling, Bitcoin developers migrated the change into the Bitcoin codebase and miners en masse switched to accept the new change. Bitcoin can (and probably will) do this in the future, so any alt-coin with a killer feature will need to be a revolutionary change that simply can't be integrated into the existing design of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:39:18
Flaining_Junk's post is 2 hours old. 
1 BTC = 300 USD.
Well shit.
@_date: 2013-03-02 14:48:16
I like these people. Murf43143 is a dying breed of Bitcoin skeptic. Spouts useless, baseless phrases, derides others good and passionate work, and ultimately is quietly proven wrong as we all build on Bitcoin's success, and disappears from the conversation. 
Keep up the good work Mat, you're doing a great job.
Bitcoin 1-0 indeed. :D
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:12:47
Also deflation due to lost coins works to everyone's interests except the original holder or benefactor of said coins. If someone is checking out they usually leave a will, this should also include sealed instructions for the executor so that assets such as bitcoins can be accessed and distributed to appropriate parties according to your will. 
Lots of people don't really do this though, I know specifically of one lady who I knew that passed away who literally hid gold coins and such through her house since she trusted no-one, it turned into a literal gold hunt to search every possible place in her house so it could be put in the hands of the executor. We have no idea if she buried some in the backyard or hid them in the roof, or the walls, if that were the case, it is very likely lost and unrecoverable.
So regardless of whether it is bitcoins or gold, or some other asset, it depends on the holder of said asset to have mechanisms in place so it can be properly passed on when you pass on.
To deal with this "quirk" of Bitcoin it simply means that the market will adjust the value according to the coins that are currently in use, that is where the very high precision of Bitcoin comes in. Even a handful of bitcoins could continue to run a small economy, if it ever came to that.
@_date: 2013-03-12 04:07:22
Not the same bug. Also it only happened once before. This is not a flaw of the implementation of the Network rules, unlike before, this is a miner issue only and it is to do with the database software used, it also only affects miners that use 0.8. It essentially only affects those miners.
It could happen again, it could be a worse situation than this, or rather minimal, but it perfectly highlights how  the devs are extremely proactive in these situations and have strong communication with the community when these types of issues present themselves. Can you honestly say there is any other dev community that could have detected, troubleshooted and presented a solution in the space of 2-3 hours?
I am also extremely proud of how people (esp the miners) within the Bitcoin community have rushed to assist, and closed in on rectifying this weakness. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 07:42:40
Interestingly, Bitcoin is useless and wasteful as a centralised protocol. It would essentially equate to using the existing banking system. This is why Bitcoin is so revolutionary, it's more powerful the more decentralised it is and the more open it is. As more miners and hashing power is added to the network it becomes incredibly resilient to forgery, errors, etc. It also means that new coins/coins from fees become even more evenly distributed accross the globe, thus making it even more resilient to any one person/entity unfairly controlling the vast majority of coins. Any government/corporation implementing something even vaguely similar to Bitcoin is going to have an inherently less secure platform.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:37:12
Indeed, and microdonations from users that use Bitcoin on flattr could be easily distributed to users without flooding the chain with individual transactions. It's a win for Bitcoin since it optimises microtransactions, and a win for contributors that want to have a place to showcase their work as well as making it streamlined for Flattr to collect and get flattrs to contributors without the need for payment processors..
@_date: 2013-04-01 05:23:52
Exactly, Bitcoin is fantastic as a network where you can send value end to end. There is no stipulation that you buy and hold, and there will always be Bitcoins available to buy. As long as it remains stable enough for the transaction to be settled, Bitcoin has done it's job. Rising in prices however is critical for greater adoption and liquidity so that larger transactions can take place.
@_date: 2013-03-20 12:46:21
The latest Electrum has finally integrated seedless wallets into the GUI client so it seems to be quite easy to generate a deseeded watching only wallet now. With this you can create an offline transaction, then sign it using the disconnected electrum wallet, then broadcast using the online client. Just like armory. I haven't tried it properly since Electrum doesn't support testnet coins but it looks more or less straightforward. Would be helpful if they had some step-by-step documentation though.
@_date: 2013-11-18 06:06:26


It's on bittorrent dude, it was up on the DD site for something like two hours. They shut him up, you're deflecting.


Centralised developer. Exactly the same thing.


The dev can be considered where the buck stops with. And FYI, banks *ARE* liable, they don't do AML/KYC for shits and giggles, that very act is to ensure they are not connected with any illegal activity done with money they handle. 


Any technology that threatens to give people more privacy is a tech to be demonised, restricted, and if possible stopped. I've watched the US from the outside and I am thoroughly convinced Americans have no privacy. Don't kid yourself, if you try to hide something, the government will want to know what it is, and suspect it is illegal activity until you prove it isn't. Frankly the NSA may only be the tip of the iceberg, and even when that was blown wide open the US didn't seem to feel very apologetic about it.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:45:44
"Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere."
This belongs in @_date: 2013-11-30 15:19:37
That's what other people said before asking Dave for help. He only takes commission if he gets the wallet open, you literally have nothing to lose right now by asking Dave for help.
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:34:50




Edit: truth be told both of your statements are false-cause fallacy's but you especially seem to be using the bandwagon argument to lend it weight. Without proof, it is simple propaganda and disinformation. It is designed to cause harm in some way, it is not unintentional misinformation that could be a simple misunderstanding. If after the fact they discover the misinformation to be completely unfounded, they need to admit that they reported on something that was patently false, otherwise they risk portraying themselves as a very much less than reputable news site.
@_date: 2013-11-26 04:26:02
This is actually well known, and has been researched quite a bit.
Just remember to keep your head, treat others according to the golden rule, and remember, Bitcoin is not a get rich scheme (though some have obviously done so), it's value could plummet, so remember to risk no more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2013-02-28 12:52:59
As someone that got into Bitcoin way before the runup, and crash, I can say it was never the MtGox hack that directly caused the crash. The hype had worn itself out much earlier than when the hack occurred. I think the hack did destroy any prospects of short term stability, or chance to consolidated the price, but even still the landscape business adoption-wise and userbase-wise was comparatively barren to what it is now. It simply wasn't sustainable.
What I believe caused the rush on price was MtGox bringing onboard Dwolla as a payment processor, because Bitcoins were still very hard to get a hold of at this stage, this exacerbated the hype and this backlog of demand was suddenly unleashed on the market (check the dates if you think they don't correlate, dwolla became a processor only a couple weeks before the $31.9 peak). Because of the hype, people didn't care what the price was, and sellers I think were also unprepared for the demand.
The rush to $30 was unfortunate and it rightly needed a very stiff correction until Bitcoin had better adoption and support (even my enthusiasm for the price at the time needed to be reigned in), it also helped highlight how very unprepared Bitcoin was for mainstream adoption, a lot of security got "tested" shall we say, and most was found lacking, so it gave everyone a chance to think realistically about security strategies, business strategies, etc. It was much like the dotcom bubble. It is a far better economy for it right now and a lot of people have learned some well deserved lessons from it I think. 
The bust was necessary, and things are far more on track now compared to back then. If it hadnt've happened, I think Bitcoin would have gone over a cliff and never recovered. Sometimes great ideas (and huge market caps) just aren't enough to get it going, it needs smart and dedicated people to gather around it and prop it up, the bubble gave it a chance to drive off the twitchyfingered and leave the real fans of Bitcoin time to actualise what Bitcoin was really capable of. Without that I honestly think Bitcoin would've failed.
@_date: 2013-11-12 10:03:52
Not to mention that the USG holds the single largest known Bitcoin balance ;P They, through pure good fortune and timing have unwittingly put themselves on the Bitcoin payroll.
@_date: 2013-03-02 07:59:07
I messaged piuk the info on the Bitcointalk forum. Hopefully if it needs resolving, he is aware now.
@_date: 2013-11-05 09:21:53
Indeed, the last several threads over the last week practically *screaming* for people to turn on 2fa just isn't getting to the people that need to hear it.
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:16:02
[Jon Mantonis has already stated he is happy for other Bitcoin foundations to have as much or as little integration as the chapter desires]( Some want the main US Bitcoin Foundation to do most of the heavy lifting, and others have chosen to have loose partnerships. 
Whether members join will determine viability but to expect that every single one is going to have the resources and manpower to build a foundation from scratch is rather entitled. 
If you rather see an independent foundation, make one happen. As Gavin has often opined, he is more interested in taking seriously those that do something constructive to make Bitcoin better rather than listening to those that are simply all talk.
Don't like the current foundation? Then build a better foundation.
@_date: 2013-11-26 16:13:38
I'm still wrapping my head around $900 (!!). For me it is *already* a 100X increase. I was expecting $900 to be at least a year or two down the track, but nope, that number has been absolutely steamrolled. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 05:10:42
I'm guilty, but I always tried to describe it as like fiat, not is fiat.
Concordia currency is a beautiful definition and fits Bitcoin's behaviour as a medium of exchange far better than fiat ever did. 
I will be describing it as a Concordia currency from now onwards.
@_date: 2013-01-14 14:25:44
I must know, did you get the bet in escrow? Since the MNW fiasco I'm not sure anyone on bitcointalk would pony up the dough on such a high odds bet. 
I hope you did cos that would certainly make me chuckle. Not so much because I'm on BFL's side or anything, simply the absurdity of it all.
@_date: 2013-05-11 20:00:38
I lol'd, but as many know, bitcoins are hard to get a hold of, sometimes even the rich have to bend down to pick up that gold nugget ;)
@_date: 2013-02-21 15:50:49
Exchanges will be able to slowly begin to take a back seat. I buy my friend a pizza with Bitcoins, he gives me $20. I get to exchange my BTC for cash, and he gets his pizza :)
As saturation increases I think we can expect more of this to happen too.
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:07:53
( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■
(-_-) 
Time to dust off the spacesuit I put away in April...
@_date: 2013-02-26 09:37:52
Indeed, though the pessimist in me wishes for an upper limit, since an open rule like that could be open to abuses we haven't realised yet. Even with that said though, [Gavin is a proponent of an open limit]( along with soft miner rules to help miners reach an equilibrium that is in their best interest as well as in the interest of the network. I'm antsy about the idea, but if enough people vetted the idea I'd probably support it too.
@_date: 2013-08-13 18:11:06
Thankyou good sir! :)
@_date: 2013-02-19 07:19:57
Agreed. Gavin also championed the implementation of P2SH via BIP17. He is generally seen by the vast majority of the mining pools out there as knowing his shit and has been very level-headed about changes made to Bitcoin. I have huge respect for the guy. He's had to deal with a huge amount of responsibility and has always been inclusive and pragmatic about changes to the Bitcoin project.
@_date: 2013-09-07 06:44:40
My answers are coloured by the fact I've been following Bitcoin a long while now, (I bought some coins when it was at 1$), I also did a fair bit of GPU mining too (bitcoins were REALLY hard to get back then :) ).
As far as your first lingering doubt is concerned, you are not taking into account the context of what Bitcoin was like in 2010. Also keep in mind Satoshi was creating a currency from nothing but the original client, he had no funding, government or corporate support, no cult to carry out his bidding, just the code. He had to get the coins into people's hands and he had to get them to people that were likely to find them valuable and use them. What's more he had to somehow materialise a huge decentralised network that would be selfsustaining now and into the far future without any 3rd party intervention. This is the whole premise for mining. He knew that in order for this idea to take off he had to reward those that appreciated the ideas of Bitcoin but the only way to gauge who those people were, was to identify them as miners, only miners are verifiably contributing to the network and are likely to find the coins valuable/useful. And he had to do this with virtually nothing but the original codebase. And he did it alone.
For all intents and purposes there was the client and daemon bitcoind and a simple gui client (it wasn't even a very usable or safe client back then), there were numerous client bugs too. Once Bitcoins started to become worth something, early adopters started to face *significant risks* buying (and using) Bitcoins. Aside from the fact that the whole experiment could fall in a heap and the value of the coins could vanish within a month, there was also the more insidious risks. Back then there was incredibly flimsy site security on Mt Gox and others, and it was extremely difficult to even find people willing to sell Bitcoins (thus why many people mined, and it also mitigated a bit of risk since the hardware you used could be reused for other things so it was only the cost of electricity you "lost"), and even harder to find merchants to sell goods/services for bitcoins. Merchants were pretty much nonexistent back then, there was no Bitpay, Bips or wallet bit to cushion a merchant’s risk against loss when accepting Bitcoin. Wallet security was farcical too and lots of people had their machines hacked, and their coins stolen. There was no such thing as offline transactions back then, no possibility of air-gapped machines, paper wallets were very much in the realm of experimental command-line stuff (if that), no alternative clients either, web clients back then were extremely risky alternatives too (hell, even now they are still risky). Scams abounded both for buyers and sellers, pretty much noone had a reliable reputation. The newness of Bitcoins meant that any Joe with a spare weekend and a bottle of whisky could whip up a site without any regards for security (Bitcoinica anyone?), and stumble along until the site was inevitably hacked, or worse, accrue enough of other people's coins and simply disappear with them (mybitcoin anyone?).
And for those precious few early adopters or even the ones that dropped tens of thousands into Bitcoin even at the beginning of this year, can you imagine how hard it would have been to keep from panic selling like everyone else when the price rocketed from $10 to $266 and then within a fortnight watch in horror as it drops to below $60? I imagine more than a couple early adopters would have been riding a white knuckle rollercoaster as they watch their coins go from nothing, to millions, then helplessly watch as millions subsequently evaporate before their very eyes.


Because if they are still in the game, they've walked through several corridors of fire to get to this point, that's why. I doubt many people could handle that kind of stress, what's more they are very likely decent people (not fat cats), that have contributed to Bitcoin and stuck around through the good and bad of Bitcoin's VERY tumultuous early days. I imagine a number of the early adopters are in fact the early developers too. That at the very least should help assuage your doubt as to whether they "deserve" to be sitting on a fortune. Better them than some selfish agenda driven bureaucrat banker or some fat, entitled rich kid that has never worked a day in his life.
As for your second lingering doubt regarding the supposed excessive power usage, again it's all about context. I can absolutely guarantee the costs for mining gold, running tens of thousands of banks (in thousands of tall skyscrapers no less) and it's branches, as well as the resources needed to mint coins and notes, far, far, FAR exceeds the running costs of the Bitcoin network. What's more as hardware specialises as it does now it is actually becoming more efficient as it grows larger. CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs are far less power efficient compared to ASIC chips, and the power efficiency of these devices is only going to improve. What's more, natural market forces is making it happen! Huge amounts of money is currently being invested into more efficient hardware. Far from being a waste, the rules of the Bitcoin protocol actually incentivises optimisation of the network and rewards those that have more power efficient devices.
I could go on but I think I have ranted enough ;P
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:42:08
Bitpay has already expressed that they are [not interested in supporting other alternative currencies]( Their reasoning is very similar to Evorhees.
People bet on the fastest horse, simple as that.
Edit: FYI all alt currencies have penetration to bitcoin economies via exchanges that trade their altcoin/btc. The liquidity is extremely frictionless to bitcoin and adds as a siphon of value away from alts to Bitcoin (since Bitcoin is the most supported, yet one more reason for most vendors to NOT accepts alts). This is an additional reason why Bitcoin will kill all but the absolute strongest alts, if there are any.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:18:08
There's no "embargo" on funds built into the protocol. The best that can be done is black/white/red lists. It's only something that could be enforced within a governments influence though and it's never going to be possible to build something like that into the protocol, and in any case it has a myriad of flaws to it too. There's no silver bullet to stop evil men as a last resort, except to follow the money. Bitcoin is pretty much frictionless unless a government tries to control the majority of the mining network, which in a year or two will likely be impossible unless the EU or the US decides to team up and override the Bitcoin network. In which case it would probably destroy it instead.
I'm sure governments will have a steadying hand for most commerce since nearly all business must register with government and have strong incentives to play nice, but controlling who/where/when/why transactions move 100% of the time is impossible, they might get lucky and perhaps worldwide have a strong idea of where 60% of transactions are going, but that's a generous estimate IMO.
I wouldn't get super concerned, it is actually a step up compared to paper money, paper money can't be tracked, but Bitcoin can. Evil men will find that cash will still be king for crime compared to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:12:16
The irony is Bitcoin is chugging along perfectly, and the most worried I've ever been about Bitcoin was when the 8.0 bug hit. I thought the value of a Bitcoin was going to take a serious dive, but it hardly budged. 
Fundamentals shaken like that should have definitely shaken the price, but nothing.
But some exchanges that have absolutely nothing to do with the functional aspects of Bitcoin get severely DDOS'd and people act as if a bomb had been let off on every Bitcoin node across the globe. 
The fundamentals are solid as ever a few DDOSes over a few hours and people are bailing like it's a remake of the titanic. 
I have no doubt the price will be fine but seeing these reactions is kinda amusing/exasperating.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:55:34
Coinjar.io uses NAB (I also use an account at NAB to transact with coinjar) and from my experience the guys at NAB are Bitcoin friendly.
@_date: 2013-05-01 05:10:37
Early on I used to think it might have filled a niche. Now I'm convinced they are just trying to make fetch happen in the hope of making fucktons of money.
It's not going to happen. Frankly litecoin has a better chance of being successful. Precursors to litecoin were often premined (7%-10%) and they all failed. Ripple is 100% premined and arbitrarily assigned with 20% staying with the creators. No excuse in the world would make me use ripple in that kind of form.
Fuck ripple, I hope that as soon as they release their source it gets forked in a heartbeat.
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:24:33
Its a bit confusing though. Sure XBC is probably the most likely way to formally identify bitcoin currency, but it's still confusing. No-one refers to gold as XAU... I've followed Bitcoin for years and only realised what XBC was when you brought up the topic. 
I'm going to continue to use BTC.
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:59:01
First thing I did after Bitcoin hit slashdot was read the Satoshi paper. After reading it I was a believer in the concept, then after a week of lurking the bitcointalk forums and hearing other programmers weighing in on the code, I was a believer in the software. 
It would probably answer 75% of the questions about how Bitcoin works and why so many people think it's such a great technology. Bonus is anyone with a general highschool education could understand it. Hell, anyone that asks anything about Bitcoin should be asked whether they have read the paper first and given the link. 
It should really be linked in the sidebar somewhere.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:43:35
Why would I sell when so many new people are buying in? That's like saying the mosh pit is filling up so it's time to go home. O.o
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:02:45
You don't know the legal framework 10+ years from now. Additionally, who said it was going to be outside the legal jurisdiction of governments. Bitcoin may be as seamless as paypal, maybe even highly integrated into the stockmarket itself such that the market will gladly welcome a sudden injection of new liquidity into the market.
Your capacity for anticipating the influence and integration of bitcoin in the far future is limited indeed.
@_date: 2013-12-31 15:56:46
Honestly? This trashtalk has been going on for years, and it has been the same mantra, all while Bitcoin continues to grow, defying their "predictions". They've thumbed their nose and relentlessly attacked the design and features of the Bitcoin network, and paraded their "this is not how a monetary system should work" explanations, all the while getting shriller and shriller as it continues to prove them to be the clowns they are.
Sooner or later (I'm guessing people are already realising TBH) people will realise that they are a broken record and are already rationally bankrupt. 
I say, ignore them, use bitcoin if it makes your life easier, and stop taking advice from people that claim to be able to flawlessly predict the weather.
@_date: 2013-03-17 20:01:36
Wow, the release notes leave me suitably impressed, maybe my critiquing helped here, maybe not, but I'm definitely going to have a play with Electrum again after this announcement.
@_date: 2013-01-01 14:12:23
That makes absolutely no sense, since we still have the bad chain perform a hard fork while the good chain incorporates the bad (0 transaction) blocks. The premise here is the hard fork because the bad miner excludes the good miners' blocks. The minute that happens there is no race to create blocks, since difficulty is cut out of the picture entirely at that point. Difficulty will pretty much remain unchanged, and inevitably will readjust after 2016 blocks anyways, so they will definitely produce blocks at the same rate then. The second the bad miner stops including good miner blocks, the fork means bad miner only uses his own blocks for the bad blockchain and will produce blocks at the same rate as the good chain (albeit a tiny bit faster since he has 51% equiv hash power of the network). Bad miner continues to broadcast blocks at a slightly quicker rate because he wants to propagate the chain to all other nodes but that is somewhat pointless since the good chain will still build on the bad blocks, thus always producing a slightly longer chain. All it takes is a couple lucky block finds by the good miners and the good chain with bad blocks gets slightly ahead, and it's all over. Effectively this means the good chain is double the power of the bad block chain, for a very small period at least, simply because the bad chain refuses to include the good miner blocks. Bad miner will have succesfully forked his own private, 0 transaction chain and the good miner will (for a very short while) include the bad miner's blocks until bad miner forks.
Unless sgtspike or yourself wants to more fully clarify how this attack is viable, I'm sort of at a loss as to how this could possibly work.
@_date: 2013-01-16 01:35:52
I've watched the price movement from mid 2010 to now and I can say that the volatility of the Bitcoin price has reduced massively since 2011. **I would never however tell anyone, even now, to trust dumping a major part of their saving into Bitcoin for safekeeping, investment, or otherwise**. That said however, if you want to buy stuff over the internet, or move value around the world for any reason, it is fantastic. I believe it is becoming more and more stable as time progresses but there will be further periods of instability ahead, and god knows, if I had several thousand dollars of my money that took me ages to accumulate in bitcoins, I would shit bricks if the value of Bitcoin dropped, say, 10% in a day. The fact is that this kind of fluctuation still exists, so if you are going to move some of your savings into Bitcoin, do it gradually, and only with amounts you feel comfortable with potentially losing a significant chunk of. I've heard people say in the past 10% of your entire savings in Bitcoin is a nice balance.
@_date: 2013-03-29 15:23:40
I have already tagged you in the past as "likes to seed btc price dissent, in a bad way". Gotta love RES.
@_date: 2013-02-20 12:19:45
If it were widely adopted that would mean a large demand. Since Bitcoins are artificially scarce, its harder to acquire more coins, thus people will have to spend more to get the coins or just have less coins. This also hinges on how much money people want to have in Bitcoins. If 100,000,000 people were happy on average with the equivilent of 20 cents worth of bitcoins the market would in USD would be much smaller. $4,200,000 would be the market value of all coins in that case, but if people wanted to spend their disposable income with bitcoins, say they wanted to have on average $100 worth of bitcoins on hand among 100 million people, that would be make Bitcoin's market value $2.1 billion dollars, 7 times what it is now.
100 million people is not really that many, and it seems most people see Bitcoin as a store of value rather than value used for exchange. This means the few people that do use it are storing a large sum of money using Bitcoins and are not as keen to use Bitcoin for exchange.
Bottom line is that it is very unlikely, barring a catastrophic failure of the Bitcoin network, either technically or economically/politically, that Bitcoin would remain around $10/bitcoin and be widely adopted. If it becomes widely adopted in a next few years, expect the price of a Bitcoin to be worth at *least* 10 times as much. But only if it becomes widely adopted mind you.
@_date: 2013-12-17 07:33:13
I'm Jack's complete lack of surprise.
I've said time and again that people are too reactionary when it [comes to the price](


People need to stop using as a source of investment advice, otherwise they are going to not just lose their shirts, but also their dignity.
@_date: 2013-03-17 09:07:48
Yep USD has been King for a looooong time, I think we are only just now starting to see the cracks. If Bitcoin does emerge and become a serious player, it is going to be on the bad news of the USD I think.


PoS + PoW ... people are already [hashing out solutions]( that PoW + PoS claims to solve in the existing Bitcoin system that don't require such [migrations to completely new protocols]( as I mentioned before, people are inclined to stick with what they have and work within the limitations of the existing spec to fix existing problems, rather than simply abandon ship.


I tried for a week to get Litecoins, getting Bitcoins was easier ;), I agree the migration to a different currency is easier, but this in a way makes it less likely for people to leave since they know it is less necessary to bail early rather than wait out the problem to see if it resolves.
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:14:52
I agree it's not simple, and I guess only time will tell whether the community will man up and act in Bitcoins interests when it comes under threat or bail to get ahead. We've already seen how the market panic-sold not once, but twice! Once when the Mt Gox site was lagging in processing orders, and secondly with the blockchain fork. However, strong lines of communication, an enthusiastic and committed community, and a respected leadership kept people's heads.  
Where we have a longterm threat though, I think it will play out much differently. Miners have always been very proactive at protecting the Bitcoin network, but they are becoming more committed to Bitcoin as every day passes, literally, they have aquired more and more bitcoins over time, and their hardware is becoming more and more specialised. This is a calculated, longterm risk they've entered into, there is already huge amounts of infrastructure built exclusively around Bitcoin, and what’s more, it is in their best interests to actively support and build on Bitcoin since it adds to the value of their coins. These guys are already active parties in the Bitcoin community and because of their proactiveness they'll likely not be sitting back when a threat by another currency presents itself. It's not just money and hardware, it's also the investment of time and effort. They can't salvage that if they bail. It would make many a laughing stock, and who wants to say they wasted years of their lives aquiring some now near worthless tokens.
However, in the situation where there is an exodus from Bitcoin, ironically this could make it more amenable to changes as a mass of miners evaporate. This would make it far easier to "fix", or make changes to spur renewed support in the Bitcoin blockchain. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 10:27:30
Don't worry, that's just being himself.
@_date: 2013-05-17 17:49:51
YES! \o/
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:14:16
Exactly the same thing happened for the internet. The less versed will come to Bitcoin as it is made easier to use. Rome was not built in a day and you are seeing Bitcoin in it's serial cable modem days, ain't no-one got time for that shit. Let the smart people sort out the kinks so that the idiots get the smooth ride into the system in the years ahead.
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:01:37
If there is any chance a better attack is found, Bitcoin security will be the least of everyone's worries. Encrypted communications, bank security, military security, if there is a valid attack, even a hint that the encryption that keeps private keys safe is vulnerable to an attack vector, I guarantee you the entire world will go apeshit.
Bitcoin will be very low on the list of the world's concerns, and besides, Bitcoin was designed so a new hashing algorithm could replace the older one in such a scenario, so it would not be that hard to upgrade the Bitcoin with a new algorithm and have the owners of coins migrate to the new encryption.
@_date: 2013-02-20 03:16:37
Buying Bitcoins to save and hopefully have your money accrue value is hardly a bad thing. Some refer to this as hoarding but they mistake the same kind of behaviour as those just trying to preserve the value of their money in a new financial instrument ;). This shouldn't be seen as a bad thing necessarily, and yes it will probably force the price up, but it also means that many people prefer it as a store of value over other currencies that are in the process of massive debasement.
What you are describing is simply saving and I'm all for that, unfortunately some people take it to the extreme and convert more than they are willing to lose because they see it as a get rich quick scheme. Bitcoin, even though it has been around 4+ years is still a volatile currency so the safest option is to convert a small amount into Bitcoins.
Armory has excellent offline wallet features so definitely have a look into that.
@_date: 2013-02-25 10:26:37
I agree, I am absolutely batshit for new Bitcoin developments, I love to see and interact with the formal face that turns the wheels of the next brand new Bitcoin related project. That kind of sincerity and honesty (and the fact that they are putting themselves out there, and are willing to engage with and are are open to genuine feedback) makes me genuinely excited about what they have brought to the table, not some second hand rumour that could be just another scam in waiting. Spin and astroturfing, esp on anything related to Bitcoin is very ill advised considering how many posts are scams, rorts, sob stories, overblown enthusiasm, etc. They grace the pages on a near daily basis. I *WANT* to see these business succeed, why creators would think hiding behind sock puppets is good for their project is beyond me, I'm genuinely excited to see the next new creative project that has integrated Bitcoin in some way. But because of the nature of Bitcoin business owners simply can't hide behind a sheet and expect the Bitcoins will come rolling in, Bitcoin is, at it's core about integrity in currency, we *need* to get to know, and develop trust with the people that run these services, how any person can think sneaky tactics, once discovered, is going to enamour themselves to the good graces of the Bitcoin community, and Bitcoin users in general, is just plain beyond me.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:36:20
[Dan Kaminsky]( agrees with you.
@_date: 2013-11-12 14:35:07
I slept *MUCH* better once I started using Armory.
Great to hear the learning curve was nowhere near as steep as you thought. Armory really is king when it comes to security and usability.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:25:23
Yep, there will be no crackdown like with QQ.
How is it that no-one is comprehending this?
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:09:28
No, 95% is your conclusion, your numbers is the actual data that substantiates your claim.
Or are you just camera shy?
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:08:06
If each country is not proactive in making their own nationally denominated autonomous Bitcoin organisation, then this is what happens.
Deal with it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:13:09
It's hard to bootstrap a completely new, fundamentally different, worldwide, unbacked, untested, initially untrusted currency from scratch.
It wasn't a "technical choice" IMO, it was a necessity.
For better or worse, it is a truly a democratic currency, just on a worldwide level, but fundamentally you can't truly stop people outside the network adding to the chain unless all 99% of the other actors agree to do so.
Edit: typed the words, b4 I read the article, so had to clarify. Great article too.
@_date: 2013-11-05 09:24:06
With a new thread popping up every second day or so on yet another user losing their bitcoins because they didn't have some kind of secondary security like 2fa turned on, I think we might actually be saving posting real estate. It's a good investment IMO.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:20:29
Probably [this]( Check [here]( for more info.
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:46:10
The initial distribution of coins to miners. Ripple is a good example of a corrupt distribution. They've pre-mined all the Ripple coins apparently and are selectively distribution them (and are keeping 20% for themselves). This means they can give some to their friends and whatnot, completely biasing wealth distribution. The old financial system does it too, the banks get the new money first so that they can selectively hand it out. 
Bitcoin's initial distribution is based on contribution to the network, and is open to all and sundry. You don't need to sign forms, know a friend of a friend, live in elite circles, or even ask anyone for permission, you just get involved and the system proportionally rewards your contribution.
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:00:53
It's like a female, asian, dwarf, elvis impersonator :)
@_date: 2013-04-28 16:31:08
You're not the only one. I'm really getting sick of how LTC proponents say that litecoin is "ASIC hardened" as if it is a good thing. I have no doubt in my mind though that if litecoin get popular enough, there will be ASICs for litecoins, and when that day comes it will be painfully obvious that all their arguments up until then was simply BS.
I hope litecoin, like ripple, PPC, etc. go and do the right thing by the rest of us and quietly die off in the next few years. Apart from a few tantalizing ideas from the ripple project, I have seen very little of worth from these other currencies that can't be achieved in one way or another, either now or in the future by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-13 15:20:08
Something tells me the originators of this "brilliant idea" did not realise that the rabbit hole goes far deeper. Truly, this is like equivalent of DRM for Bitcoin, and we all know how well that worked. For bitcoin they aren't even in a position of power to enforce it since it is international and "clean" coins could be actively "tainted" simply because no-one can prevent transactions from being received. How do you prove you didn't solicit tainted funds? How do you prove that the funds are not being laundered by yourself?  
Unless a monopoly on all businesses in the entire world adopted this "standard" it is 100% likely to fail. Who the hell thought this was going to be a good idea? Seriously!
@_date: 2013-04-14 11:33:38
It means lowering the barrier to entry, instead of building a trading platform for Bitcoin which is stable, fast, and can handle huge loads from scratch, they are making it so that this hurdle to making an exchange anywhere in the world is far less painless, cheaper, and intimidating.
Open sourcing it also means we can trust it more because the code can be audited, more people can add to it, and it will get on it's feet far faster than some inhouse project.
This project would be a win-win for Bitcoin and the community (and even Mt Gox even though I doubt they'd admit it).
@_date: 2013-03-22 12:37:08
I'd be very wary of MPEX the operator is sociopathic to say the least (however I do think he is very sharp and has a reasonable amount of integrity). The question is, are the gains worth the hoop jumping?
@_date: 2013-03-19 11:56:58
Unfortunately I've used anywhere other than spendbitcoins.com to buy Bitcoins. Unfortunately they charge a ridiculous 10% "processing fee". That said, they have been extremely reliable, and prompt, I usually get my coins in a few hours, and since it's cash over the counter it's fairly anonymous too. I used to get pissed off by the fee but the fact of the matter is it was safe, fast, and I bought a number of coins at ~$10 so I'm laughing. :D
@_date: 2013-10-02 15:31:01
Interesting, considering the image has the [silkroad logo]( is watermarked I'd err on it being a joke. But I have no idea what an official DoJ notice looks like.
Edit: google image search turns up nothing.
Edit2: I think [notlostyet]( is correct. Silkroad really has been shut down.
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:44:53
I think it only a good idea if he will not be crying if the value sinks by 80% in  the longer term. There really is no guarantee it will be smooth sailing, these are uncharted waters. If he can handle that, then make it so!
OK I'm done with the puns now. Just remember. 
Never invest more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2013-03-08 16:44:07
Kinda backs up nearly everything I've said about the guy. I've been following the Bitcoin experiment only two-ish months after Gavin has, and he really has been a character of distinction among the Bitcoin community. Cautious, inclusive, open-minded, the guy has been a lighthouse of reason in a frothy sea of anarchistic-libertarianistic-4-chan-istic cesspool of "ideas". Satoshi left the project in good hands.
Disclaimer: I'm drunk. No, serioujsly, I am, but everything I've said here is true.
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:53:52
I thought you were referring to the picture being posted elsewhere with 400+ upvotes. Karma decay is a site that does reverse image searches on reddit and such to see where it was reposted. Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2013-11-11 13:50:13
Putting the cart before the horse eh? Your know-all attitude belies how utterly clueless you are about how far Bitcoin has literally advanced in two and a half short years. By your logic you're implying that it must be easier to use before more people will use it. 
Bitcoin has a budget of zero, and you expect the infrastructure to magic itself into existence. Otherwise no-one should use them.
Here's a quick history lesson. Back two and a half years ago, none of this existed, no services, only Mt Gox as any kind of reliable exchange, no alternative clients, etc., but people even back then found Bitcoin useful, and they were using it. It was almost impossible to buy coins, mining was still one of the better ways of getting them, and for every legit service there were three more shady ones. Wallet security was a goddamn nightmare too. Users, developers, and traders knew that in order for it to be more useful and successful it would need better services and not for new users, for *them*. Roger Ver was one of those people, he was one of the first actual online stores to accept Bitcoin at memorydealers.com, and he also helped others start their own Bitcoin projects like blockchain.info. They didn't do it to necessarily make life easier for other users though or even help to make Bitcoin the success it is today. They did it for profit, because existing users were very plainly in need of such things, bitcoin was still worth something back then, it was useful, and even back then you could still trade them back for real money. People build things around bitcoin because they see niches that need filling and know there are opportunities to earn Bitcoins from existing users that way. Back then BTW, there were shit-loads more thefts, people's coins were haemorrhaging due to hacks on a regular basis, a Bitcoin service would literally open, and a week later it was hacked, coins stolen, and gone. Before the original client had encrypted wallets, people were on tenderhooks waiting for Gavin and co. to release a version with security in place to stop people's money being stolen right out from under them. And don't even get me started on the whole pirateat40 ponzi. The only reason things improved though was because there were existing users out there voicing their need for such improvements, be it services, secure clients, better liquidity, etc. etc. These improvements didn't simply materialise in the hope that "if you build it they will come", many, many people were voicing their needs and concerns, and developers, entrepreneurs, or simply everyday people with appropriate skills that could help out pitched in. Ever wonder where the ["Bitcoin accepted here"]( logo came from? It was done by a logo designer who chipped in his skills because threads in the bitcointalk forum were discussing a need to revamp the older Bitcoin symbol. Now his skills are on show around the world because he provided a service for others that were needing it. In the early days if you wanted to get something done you could set up a bounty, people didn't simply do these things for free, bounties in bitcointalk meant that innovation didn't simply materialise out of the goodness of one's heart, people were paid to do it. I remember a thread from the really early days when mining went from CPU to GPU, and some devs coded a closed source solution, a bunch of people set up a large bounty to pay a developer to open source his GPU mining code so the rest of the community could benefit. There are countless stories like this, if you want something to be improved for Bitcoin, it's up to you and the community to make it happen, they don't get magicked into existence on a silver platter for free.
Some people want the silver bullet security solution, and if that is the case, then they should stand this one out. Those however that want to use bitcoin now are taking a calculated risk, and need to do their homework and handle Bitcoins carefully. The advantage of adopting them early though is that they will be the first innovators and reap the benefits of making this technology work batter, and get the credit/profit, even users that invest in Bitcoin and save them just because they want to speculate are helping in their own way to provide liquidity, even temporarily. Many people have risked their coins to be the first ones to innovate and be a part of the Bitcoin space, and many have had their efforts rewarded, even with every hack, loss, and slipup, Bitcoin has had just as many advances to push it forward. Now you come along and dictate that everyone should put their tools down until *someone* delivers the silverbullet security solution. It simply doesn't work like that. Roger Ver is very well known in the Bitcoin space, he pioneered bitcoinstore.com and many other bitcoin related projects, and he has certainly made lots of Bitcoin doing so, but he also lost several thousand during the Bitcoinica debarcle. He took a risk and even though in some cases he got hit hard and had to learn hard lessons like everyone else, he reaped the benefits of being first to the party.
Bitcoin gets better because we as existing users make it better, not because you say it should be better, otherwise you'll take your ball and go home.
@_date: 2013-03-07 11:52:27
Probably for the very reason that everyone has been having apoplectic fits over how to deal with the hard limit on the block size. No doubt this soft limit in the client was put there to see what happens in a simulated situation where the blocklimit is reached, without actually suffering detrimental effects of the blocklimit. This kind of testing of the behaviour of miners and the current scarcity of blockspace coupled with fees will give the developers a better idea of how to deal with the hard blocklimit, (whether they remove it, raise it, leave it as is, or introduce an algorithm). Lots of ideas about how the system will be affected by the block limit has been discussed, but soft blocksizes also give developers an idea about how the miners, and the network behaves when we bump up against the limit in a live environment. It gives developers a chance to make changes before things get messy when hard limits are reached I guess.
@_date: 2013-03-02 08:16:27
Funny, I heard almost exactly the same kind of arguments for Linux as a competitive alternative OS, years ago. 
Considering Linux is used in supercomputers the world over, and spans the entire range of computers, huge and tiny in the entire world, yet still doesn't have the lip-gloss sheen, fresh smell "newness" about it, it still shits all over Windows and Apple in almost every area.
Bitcoin isn't about fanboy-ism, it's about results. You obviously have not looked "under the hood" of Bitcoin, it's care to detail, design considerations, and preparation, by only one man is frankly mystifying and almost hard to comprehend that in the beginnings only a handful of people got this amazing project up off the ground.
Just like linux, this is a groundroots movement, there is no funding, no government or corporate backing, zilch, if you don't like something then it is up to you to make it better.
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:59:48
I recommend you try to at least understand Bitcoin a little better before you outright dismiss it. To even weigh in on the subject and claiming you have absolutely no interest in Bitcoin voids any perspective you have anyway.
I bet you don't even realise that the very design of Bitcoin solves a long standing communications problem (long thought impossible to solve) called the byzantine generals problem. This allows Bitcoin to be completely decentralised, and it's system of fees and coin distribution allows it to be a self-sustaining network and gives it the ability to grow as demand increases. Something unheard of.
Inventing a good currency is impossible. [Existing currencies are proof of that]( Bitcoin has more qualities that make it money than real money has, but it is hands off regarding distribution, and price discovery. This is where the free market comes in, as the Bitcoin Economy grows, these price shocks will lessen in frequency and intensity as there is better liquidity and the coins become more distributed over time. 
No-one is pointing a gun to your head saying you MUST use bitcoin (you ARE being forced to accept USD though, try asking to get paid in gold or silver, or try paying your taxes in euros), so you are free to ignore, or avoid Bitcoin as much as you like.
But if you are going to criticize it, at least be informed enough to make such a criticism and be able to justify why you think so.
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:11:08
Actually, we are in the innovator phase still. The early adopter phase happens when Bitcoin has all the major hurdles taken care of.
I think it will be at least 2-5 years before we can comfortably say we are in the early adopter phase. There is still far too many things that need to be smoothed out before the general public can just use Bitcoin on a whim. When it *can* be used on a whim, that will officially usher in the early adopter phase.
@_date: 2013-10-19 01:29:13
1. Satoshi never envisaged people walking around with the entire blockchain. Eventually there will be tiered blockchain implementations. Each being more secure and closer to a full node than the previous. Look up ultrapruning. Miners will need the entire chain, they will be compensated for storing the full blockchain by the blockreward and transaction fees. Never for a second think that miners are just being paid to confirm transactions, part of that fee/reward is also paying for the storage of the blockchain over the long term.
2. Has gold mining lead to centralisation? The gold market is an 8 trillion USD economy, yet many, many, many corporations still fight for the stuff and they do so on much slimmer margins compared to the gold rushes a hundred years ago. That's because there is no monopoly over where gold appears, it exists and is accesible the world over, it doesn't obey borders or political parties. Yes backyard mining will cease eventually, hell mining may even become a regulated practice in certain countries. But Bitcoin is international and no participant can be locked out digitally, politically, or legally. Centralisation usually arises because special interests try to enforce artificial monopolies by force. Bitcoin is largely immune to that.
3. Scaling is being worked on, there's still vigorous debate on how/whether the size should be increased which I won't go into (I'm pro removing the limit BTW). Alternatives are more intermediaries, essentially bringing banks back into the fold as middlemen to settle transactions. Gavin et al. do have a solution to remove the limit yet still have a system that regulates the blocksize to ensure huge blocks don't enter the chain and still remain scalable in the longer term. FYI Gavin has mentioned the blocksize was originally 32mb compared to the 1mb it is now and was only fixed at a smaller size to prevent early ballooning of the blockchain by malicious actors.
4. "Instant norepudiation is not a feature of the Bitcoin protocol" - Satoshi Nakamoto.
Bitcoin is instant in the sense that you can immediately confirm a transaction has been made, but takes at least 10 mins to confirm the transaction is verified by the network. The fact that it ONLY takes 10 mins for tens of thousands of completely independent nodes across the entire world to verify that your transaction is fully verified is mindmeltingly amazing. And this is done without needing to trust or verify the identity of any of those nodes, ever. It still mystifies me how people see 10 minutes as a problem. The "but I want it NOW!" crowd certainly are entitled. This certainly means you can't verify a transaction properly in 15 seconds over the counter but in all seriousness, people have a tendency to overly focus on the negative even when the positives are huge. Sure, I can't buy a 25 cent candy bar in the space of saying "how much is this?". But try buying a car in the space of 10 minutes with your smart phone. Not impressed yet? How about a house in 10 minutes? Try unobtrusively walking 100k in cash across the border, then try it with a brainwallet. See how easy it is for banks/government to freeze your Bitcoin assets against your will.
If one of the "big" issues about Bitcoin is the time to settle only being 10mins then I'll use cash for over the counter stuff (if I absolutely have to) and Bitcoin for everything else. Eventually there will be payment intermediaries, probably functionong similarly to banks that can instantly settle funds, theres no need to get overly technical on such a use case. Cash works fine in real world purchases so when you need cash, just convert your Bitcoin as you need it.
Ripple IMO is useless, and only exists to line the pockets of Opencoin. 
Fuck Ripple.
@_date: 2013-02-21 17:07:10
I tried doing that when it was $1.
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:56:05
It could very well rise exponentially if the popularity and adoption picks up pace and continues as it has been (and there is a solid chance it will do just that).
@_date: 2013-11-09 12:57:53
Been there twice, usually lasts a couple weeks/months. I wasn't even risking much.
Still sucked.
@_date: 2013-03-13 03:00:46


If Alice only knows the address used in the transaction belongs to you, how can she prove the next address belongs to you? You are actually degrading your own privacy by sending the coins to addresses that already have balances in them. Send the coins to a new address or addresses and Alice has no idea if the transaction after hers was sent by yourself to yourself, or sent to another person. Bitcoin by default uses an address once for receiving and once for sending, any remaining funds usually go to a completely new address, thus even the remainder can be obfuscated. Stop pooling money into addresses if you want privacy regarding your entire balance, and if you want to obfuscate your balance from every single entity you transact with, suck it up, pay the fee, and move your funds after you've received them so the sender doesn't know your balance for that address.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:44:07


Shallow bias all the way huh? Don't associate me with "them", I am a single person, so if you want to lump me with "them", do your homework, read my comment history, *actually* justify that baseless statement. I am not abusive unlike some people around here, and make no mistake, I get flack from "Bitcoin lovers" too even though I'm probably more into it than them.
I am always civil with the regular Joe that is critical and open minded, but when [professional journalists act like children, I take issue with their professionalism]( It's not acceptable. Read some of the links in the post, some of it is incredibly childish, and not from backwater news sites either. This is why a good number of Bitcoiners (unfortunately), when they get the chance, act in kind. It's not because they are mostly teenagers, it's because they are human, and don't like being treated like dirt. Hate, begets hate, and unfortunately most can't act like the bigger man and ignore it.
Think about all the derisive statements made about Bitcoin, *years* of putting the boot in by pretty much everyone, I've been into Bitcoin for nearly 3 years and I can assure you, it's been incredibly harsh at times. 


FYI Bitcoin is not a "libertarian Currency", never has been, it's simply that it appeals to libertarians more than others. I'm not libertarian, anarcho-capitalist, or ascribe to any other label, I'm a 30 something PhD student doing a computer science doctorate, with no specific political views. I *get* Bitcoin and have been following before the first wave of libertainans fell in love with it, but unfortunately since it doesn't ascribe to their own political bent, some like to trash it because it's too hard to understand so like sheep they parrot what everyone else says and arrogantly dismiss it. There are many lay explanations to get people up to speed, but the vast majority take the most shallow assessment and run with it according to their own bias. Politics being one of the best excuses out there. "oh no, it's *libertarian* currency, better keep away from that". Please.
In contrast, time and again, I hear many people here report that they rejected Bitcoin, only to came back to *actually understand how it worked*, and they suddenly got it.
People *need to understand the why*, not simply the what or the how of Bitcoin. Read up on the Byzantine Generals problem, understand how Bitcoin works and you finally understand *WHY* Bitcoin is so incredibly amazing.
**STOP MAKING EXCUSES**
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:48:00
As a long time user, I'm practically astonished we are even here. I remember when people scoffed that even $100 was overambitious. When it hit my state based newspaper I thought I was dreaming, now it's appeared in the finance section 3-4 times since. 
This was meant to be a pipe-dream damint! :)
Since I have some perspective on Bitcoin's rise it give's me some perspective, but even now the signs of adoption are consistent, even with the volatility.
2013 may have been the year where the world discovered Bitcoin.
But 2014 is going to be the year the world started accepting Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-28 16:34:45
From what I hear, the litecoin source is almost dead activity-wise, so I would not hold my breath for litecoin to last in the long term. One of the sure signs of imminent failure is when developer support begins to stagnate. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 15:50:39
Yep, food and weapons will be the brave new world's reserve currency.
@_date: 2013-04-14 13:12:33
It is indirect, but I think it's also the simplest. As I said, it lowers the barrier to entry, provides some much needed competition, and raises the stability of exchanges. Considering that Mt Gox is having their own troubles, it may be what is needed to get businesses to engage in the exchange business with a little less risk. The exchange business is intimidating enough without having to worry about the stability of the trading engine, if that could be solved for them then that would be a good thing.
p2p exchanges is a daunting prospect. Bitcoin is a perfect example of that, even with a 10 minute window. And using Bitcoin as an adjunct would simply burden it with even more unnecessary transactions that could be settled on the exchange side. Most exchanges will be inherrently centralised anyway since most exchanges have to interface with the traditional banking system at some stage. Decentralising exchanges in the context of lowering the barrier to entry so we have more exchanges to trade Bitcoin on reliably and safely is doable today (and damn do we need it), and it will achieve the same ends without adding far more unnecessary complexity.
@_date: 2013-10-21 17:15:34
"Meh" all you like, [this is blatant propaganda]( NOT constructive discussion. Worse is I know you were the tip of the spear in that little project. Unfortunately this little stunt completely undermines your credibility. Much like LukeJR tried to sideswipe Gavin and the other devs with regards to bip16/17. You decided to walk away from the discussion and fearmonger the less informed to rally support.
I'm all for unconventional solutions as well as innovations in offchain transactions but you muddied the waters. All I see from your motivations is actions colored by an agenda. An agenda to ensure the blocksize does not raise at all costs. That is sad because it really stunts development. 
Edit: Ironic how some people are downvoting the obvious truth. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:47:37
You're incredibly naive. Asics have been around since the beginning of the year and pushed out any opportunistic botnets with them. What's more if you knew the way coins are distributed you would know that the vast majority were attained in the first 4 years, of those 4, the first 2 were spent where malicious agents had no interest in them because they were worth almost nothing, so it was only the interim 2 years where botnets et al. had opportunities and the interest, to exploit the network. That window got vanishingly small though as GPUs dominated for most of that time. Most botnets had precious little time to actually get a hold of Bitcoin by using other people's machines. 


But don't let my explanation stifle your disdain of Bitcoin, by all means demonise it like people did when the early internet appeared, I guess anyone that uses Bitcoin is either a  terrorists, pedo, script kiddie, or some other exploitative individual. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 16:34:37
Bitpay et al. is a bridge, a very vital bridge.
Bitcoin crawls before it runs, something is needed to bridge the gap so that it can walk in the mean time.
Don't ever dis bitpay's existence or purpose, it is a visceral and vital cog in bringing Bitcoin into greater prominence and will be vital for years to come as people become more accustomed to using Bitcoin. It's very existence helps to smooth volatility out, and is a HUGE driver for merchants that fear volatility.
Your "point" is misguided and unfounded.
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:33:40
Agreed, there is simply not enough turnover in hot. Mingling with the newbies, trolls, reposters and the vets is the only way to find the good stuff.
Oh god what have I become?
@_date: 2013-11-16 10:24:12
I think a main part of the reason this subreddit has gone to shit in the last week and esp. the last two days is that we still have the circlejerking cheeleeders gushing over the huge rise in price recently. With their eyeballs fixed on this subreddit the news of the whitelisting addresses stuff has sent a lot of these people foaming at the mouth. On a normal day if this news had hit, there probably would have been some huffing and puffing among the more regular bitcoiners but for the most part the news would have got around that the idea itself is flawed and there are many approaches to circumvent it. Unfortunately we have the circlejerking ADHD kids going full retard over the fact that their shiny new investment of 1.5 BTC is being threatened by corporate America who's trying to dictate how Bitcoin is going to be run from now on.
Realistically, yes this is not something that can be ignored and brushed under the carpet, people's right to privacy and a merchants right to accept coins regardless of their history shouldn't be endangered unless they knowingly are dealing in stolen funds that encourages or profits from criminal activity. But the idea itself is ill conceived and will be largely ineffectual in any case, and people should have come to this realisation early.
Unfortunately the ADHD crowd has, without even thinking or discussing the subject, leaped to the conclusion that the government is out to destroy Bitcoin and anyone that says differently is a traitor to the cause. They not only refuse to keep things in perspective and adhere to the facts, they've completely resorted to foaming at the mouth anger, thinking in an absolute sense that if this ever gets put forward, it will inevitably destroy Bitcoin as they know it.
Yes, it's a dumb idea, but the real idiots in the room are the Bitcoin fanatics that can't even use reason and logic for five minutes to conclude that there is really no justification to panic and start crucifying people.
@_date: 2013-05-20 11:20:17
This would be a great addition to the Bitcoin network, but it looks as though it's just an idea. 
Is the approach viable?
Would researchers/users be willing to pay for such a thing?
Is anyone working on this?
All I see is an idea and very little in the way of actual substance on the subject.
@_date: 2013-03-02 15:17:42
11k is far under the limit of 1000k (1mb), I think it should be fine as long as it has a reasonable sized fee attached to it, though 0.0005 BTC might not cut the mustard. Not sure what the standard is per kb, but I doubt 0.0005 is sufficient for most miners to accept it, we'll see I guess.
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:22:26
Oops, thanks.
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:55:05
Yep, a lot of people were understanding and using Bitcoin, but not long after a lot of normal people got wind that didn't really know what Bitcoin was, or how it worked, or why it existed. All they knew was it was going up in price.
This isn't Bitcoin's fault, nor is it Mt Gox's, even though Mt Gox dropping the ball is what helped spur the selloff. If it hadn't been Mt Gox I'm certain it would have been something else. It is disappointing but herd mentality focused purely on price and price only. I reckon only one in 5 knew how and why Bitcoin was better than paypal or credit cards.
I'm not too fussed. It was in it's own way a good recruitment run. Lots more people know about Bitcoin and a significant chunk will stick around once they realise Bitcoin isn't going to zero.
Bitcoin is one hell of a roller-coaster, but goddamnit I'm riding this crazy pig to the end! I swear, It's been 3 years of drama and intrigue, ups and downs (literally), scandal(too many to recount), thievery (too many to recount), backstabbing, success stories(bitpay, bitinstant etc.), dreams coming true, friendships being made (and broken), twists, heartstopping terror (the "fork"), rivalry (litecoin,ripple, et al.). 
Bitcoin is more controversial and revolutionary than even the internet IMO. I see this most recent event as simply one more bump in the road that Bitcoin can show off when it comes of age.
Edit: Much thanks to the anon gold giver! :)
@_date: 2013-12-31 14:04:18
[Liberty Dollar]( egold, MtGox's Dwolla account (a non-us company). 
All they need is a technicality, and BAM, your money is ours.
I agree to a certain extent, to outright take money from others is illegal, and would cause a riot, but the US is more than ready to seize assets or make people's lives a living hell on a technicality. I would never underestimate the USG's capacity for malice against those that try to work against them.
@_date: 2013-11-05 14:23:48
This is true, wasn't trying to poo-poo your advice, just wanted to point out that it's not 100% secure, I'm sure some reading your post may assume their Bitcoins are super-safe and not be aware that their coins are still vulnerable. Unfortunately a lot of us take this knowledge for granted, but new users not privy to the workings of public/private keys in Bitcoin are likely to have no idea. The behaviour of change addresses being a perfect example.
@_date: 2013-10-28 03:05:36
I can confirm coinjar works seamlessly to buy and sell bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:44:25
Yep, I think we are very near the tipping point where there will be a veritable Cambrian explosion in the Bitcoin world. Give it 3-5 months as these new events start to reach fruition and dig in, we *may* even see Sweden, Croatia, Cyprus or a few other countries open the legal floodgates, and in the meantime I'm certain dozens of new ATMs will be popping up too.
New exchanges in untapped countries have already been announced, circle et al. VC startups are on the verge of opening for business, there are clear signs that wallstreet wants to start using Bitcoin too.
I'm steeling myself for a lot of incredibly good, (and inevitably some bad) news in the coming months.
@_date: 2013-05-11 17:52:27
Trusting a week-old site is foolish full stop. OP's friend needs to take Bitcoin a little bit more seriously in any case. This is not WoW money. 
In any case if carbon wallet functions as it says, you reload the account with the seed and the funds should return.
@_date: 2013-11-22 06:48:37
Rule # 7 of Bitcoin, price increases will go on as long as they *have to*.
Increases in the value of startups occur much like what we see in Bitcoin, we are witnessing, and gaining from it because any person could have an initial stake in the value of Bitcoin. In the business world this is constrained to rich investors, the people that run the business, and maybe their friends, the public only gets to play *after* the company's value has risen in value 10,000% over a few short years. In the startup world it essentially means the rich get first pickings of the initial gains, and the public gets the scraps. With Bitcoin, everyone had a chance to essentially have a stake in this crazy idea and help nurture it in their own way, and everyone gets rewarded equally. This is unheard of. Just remember though, there is no guarantee Bitcoin will necessarily usher in a whole new currency regime, (though it is beginning to look like it is definitely carving out a permanent place on the internet, so who knows).
Will heaps more people become millionaires? I'm divided on the subject, Bitcoin is still crazy volatile and it's future is still very much uncertain (though looking more and more positive by the day). There are many people that are simply not equipped to handle the prospect of risking huge amounts of money, so some will cash out very early in the game because they fear losing it. Many still don't believe in Bitcoin, including many early adopters. They all have a price point where they will hedge, diversify, spend, etc. and for a relatively poor person, putting a million dollars on the line is, frankly, not sane considering their current circumstances in life. So many may have had enough coins to make them multimillionaires initially, but perhaps couldn't  handle the stress and uncertainty, so cashed out much, much sooner.
That said, some (maybe even quite a few) are serious believers, so much so I'm certain that if Bitcoin continues to grow, we will see more newly minted millionaires in the coming years. But I think the vast number of Bitcoin holders will redistribute the majority of their coins before that happens. People get really twitchy about losing money, so I'm guessing the number of millionaires will be mostly constrained to the hardcore Bitcoin believers, those that bought and forgot about them, only to discover they are now worth a fortune, and the already existing incumbent rich that have no problem with risking several hundred thousand dollars on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-02 09:02:38


I present the inflation/deflation explanation for completeness so you know *exactly* where I am coming from rather than talking-point picemeal explanations, so my response has EVERYTHING to do with a proper understanding of inflation/deflation as I see it in order for my answers to make proper sense.


You use your own assets, like any responsible loan should, and you keep Bitcoins in reserve to make sure all loans can be covered in the event of loss. As I said, fractional reserve banking is criminal and unsustainable. And as I also said:


 


Correct, except there will still be legal paperwork between loaner/loanee. IANAL but I assume that there is legal paperwork entered into that is enforceable by a court system in whichever country the loan is issued. The blockchain would be evidence of such a loan being given, and can be backed by the loanee digitally signing the loan contract with their own private key connected to the address it is sent to, and whatever else both parties wish to exchange in order to cement conditions and processes. 


Good, they may think twice before loaning out frivolously, and it will encourage competition for depositor funds (if a depositor could ever trust a banks with their funds for whatever reason, likely they would pay management fees to insure against the loss of their coins in such a case), in almost any case however there is collateral presented by the loanee that is secured by the bank in case the loan fails. In case the loan fails they will take a hit to their capital, as they should for their mismanagement, but they'll also hopefully be able to cover some of the loss by liquidating assets secured as collateral.
You need to understand that a bank is a business that has to responsibly balance money ins and outs. A Bitcoin-only system would enforce these rules such that a bank doesn't get to pay off governments to look the other way when they have a huge loss, nor do they have the chance to get too big to fail since their margins will be severely trimmed, nor will they be too big to be allowed to fail (since they won't have fractional reserve resources), plus no more golden parachutes when the bank runs a loss, no more toxic loans, none of that. If it can't do this responsibly and sustainably, then the bank/banking is unsustainable and they shouldn't be in business, or be dissolved as they rightfully should. Fractional reserves doesn't prevent loans, it simply allows **more money to be loaned out without anyone realising they're no longer solvent**. Frankly, in a Bitcoin system deposits to banks may also be a thing of the past too since a "bank account" can simply be stored in the blockchain itself. Bitcoin doesn't really need banks to secure deposits any more. Considering how disastrous things have become in the banking industry, Bitcoin may signal the death-knell of deposit-based banking too. Another win IMO. I know you're probably flailing your arms saying "but what about loans!?!??", in today's world, loans are necessary because people couldn't save long enough, or fast enough to buy/invest in the things they want. inflation based systems destroy the value of savings, thus people *have* to get loans. Since inflation is largely out of the picture in a Bitcoin system, the necessity for loans and banks in general is much diminished. Sure people will need loans sometimes, and there will likely be businesses that will provide this somewhat risky service in order to turn a profit, but they will probably be smaller, better managed/secured, have loans over shorter timeframes, and won't leave people/businesses chained in debt for decades. Like I said, Bitcoin is not like the old financial industry, and you are still trying to fit a round peg into a square hole. By and large, a Bitcoin world will hardly even need banks.
And good riddance too.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:10:01
Thanks for that, electrum is definitely starting to come together.
@_date: 2013-02-02 17:33:48
Agreed, never trust any significant amount of Bitcoins on *any* machine that is in any way exposed to the internet. Someone just [today]( had a client connected to the internet and had their funds siphoned off. Armory has deterministic wallets (IOW backup once and never need to again), simple watching only wallets, very easy to create offline transactions, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:22:02
I believe not. As the value of Bitcoin rises, the profit margins of miners increases, spurring more miners to take advantage of the increased profit existing miners enjoy by adding more mining machines to cut into that profit margin.
In effect adding the extra hash power raises the expense to compete to control the network. As the block reward halving occurs over the next couple decades, fees will increase slowly but also value will increase and help to prop up mining profit margins. This will all happen over many years though and people will be able to easily anticipate this so I wouldn't worry. Fees will go up because over time miners will be more discerning about which transactions are profitable enough to add and those that are not, and users will be able to negotiate with miners what they consider to be a reasonable and competitive fee compared to other payment methods. 
You mention inflation in another post, but doing so will undermine the value of existing coins, instead of increasing the value of existing coins. Just remember it's not how many coins miners get, it is how much they are worth that matters and whether the value of those coins is enough to cover miner expenses as well as add some profitability to the enterprise. Artificially adding more coins short term may sound like a good idea, but all it will do is water down the value of every other single coin in existence. Divisibility is incredibly high so at the end of the day it really won't matter how many coins miners get since the value can easily be encapsulated in the very high precision that each Bitcoin is capable of. Adding extra coins is largely unnecessary, realistically, it will be 100 years before the network stops adding new coins.
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:57:58
HA! Tell that to the inputs.io guys, and every person on here that has lost coins via blockchain.info because they never used anything more than a password. At the very least turn on 2fa if you haven't already.
My security is actually simple, and straightforward with the piece of mind that the coins I have are mine. Coins on coinbase are not yours, they are coinbase's and you have the privilege to use them as a proxy to spend them.


I'm not wrong, you're simply in a bubble of denial. As I said earlier.


@_date: 2013-11-25 15:17:02
Yep, it's to ensure distribution is widespread so it's not simply the early adopters that get everything. Pretty brilliant really. No matter how many people belly ache about the "early adopters getting all the coins", only *half* of the coins have been "printed" so far. This also serves to allow miners to be slowly weaned onto transactions. Additionally, as Bitcoin becomes better known, those coins will also be better looked after so it's also to ensure that newer coins are not lost like older coins are.
It's fucking brilliant.
@_date: 2013-03-20 11:31:22
Dude, did you just reply to yourself?
Juggling too many accounts are we?
BTW, astroturf == bad.
@_date: 2013-02-13 11:38:53
True, which is why I said borderline. I doubt many people enjoy outright hostility or being chided to "thank OP" for his outright reckless behaviour though. I never spoke insultingly of OP's decision, or "beratingly" either, I simply called OP out on his his disclaimer of not doing it out of greed and ended with:


Those people in question not being OP specifically, but those that continue to crow and push, and care not who, or how much is put on the line. And the reason I wouldn't congratulate him was because it wasn't ballsy, it was gambling his, and his family's future. That said, If you have disposable income, I'm all for throwing a generous amount of it at Bitcoin, and said as much. But as I've said tirelessly, begged even, [don't invest more]( than [you are willing to lose]( and OP is doing exactly that. Its sickening seeing others on forums egging on the less informed and the desperate to risk it all. I rode the [first bubble up and down the other side]( so if I sound like a broken record, or a ranter, its because I've seen what happens when everything goes wrong. 
50% of inflection in communication is lost in text so it's entirely possible this interpretation was lost, OR throwaway-o was using confirmation bias in order to rustle up some good'ol fashioned righteous indignation. I haven't blocked him or anything silly like that (which I do realise was narrow minded on my part).
@_date: 2013-05-14 13:15:50
The problem is not that you need to go to superhuman lengths to secure your Bitcoins.
The problem is that people are just lazy.
I suggest people put on their big-boy/girl pants and start treating their assets like the valuable things they actually are rather than relying on others to cover the costs of their mistakes. Failing that PAY some of these services to keep your funds safe and secure. Nearly everyone seems to forget that AFAIK all these Bitcoin services are fee-free services. Not to mention that every piece of bitcoin wallet software is *also* free.
Remember kids, you get what you pay for.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:06:07
Never thought I'd ever hear 200USD/BTC be called "cheap".
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:17:46
The value of Bitcoin tends to feed back on itself in a good way. The most telling example is the fact that difficulty follows price. This means that as price rises, miner participation rises to capture the increased value, thus laying the most vital infrastructure Bitcoin needs to survive. This in turn adds security to the verification of transactions and translates to greater confidence in the value of the coins being traded at that time. This only needs to be maintained for a short while, IOW Bitcoin only needs to maintain confidence at the current price for that value to stabilise and consolidate. Short term stability encourages new businesses to come onboard which drives greater demand, which encourages more usage of Bitcoins, which helps push prices higher, which raises the profits for miners and encourages more miners to enter the market, thus the loop is closed and can function as a thriving economy. Regular tests of value every 5-7 days has been a continual reassurance of that confidence in Bitcoin as a store of value, and shows that this process is indeed working. Though many are coming for short term profits, enough are staying in the system long-term, buying, accepting, and spending, and *thats* what is happening. The system is working.
Any person that compares Bitcoin prices as a bubble and directly compares it to tulip mania is vastly uneducated regarding the workings of Bitcoin's economy and the infrastructure that supports it.
tl;dr **Ignore the haters, ain't nobody got time for that shit.**
@_date: 2013-03-26 18:06:32
Likewise, mine still works flawlessly and its been abused by all manner of keys, wires, keychains, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:32:25
If what you say is true, then that sounds very reminiscent of Mt Gox several months ago.
The China thing is actually a blessing in disguise, much better to have these surprises happen early in the game, and it gives Chinese users much better legal orientation to how China feels about Bitcoin rather than having a wait and see approach.
@_date: 2013-01-24 17:58:42
Law of averages, if I try hard enough for long enough at least one of them is gonna pan out! ;)
@_date: 2013-08-13 14:33:43
As someone who has watched the price and kept abreast with Bitcoin news on an almost daily basis since the price of a Bitcoin was in single digits, I'm inclined to **not** agree with you for a number of reasons. Though I agree that decentralisation is improving, both via exchanges and mining pools, this has not been a driver in the past for growth in confidence. It is liquidity. Liquidity via exchanges is still one of the largest barriers to ensuring healthy confidence in the value of Bitcoin. I believe this will continue to be the case until the Bitcoin system achieves a stable closed loop economy where valuation is less dependent on the exchanges. We are still FAR from seeing this come to fruition. It will very likely be at least a couple of years before Bitcoin can even hope to become self-sufficient.
The reason I believe this is because the precursor to the 2011 bubble was a surge of new-found liquidity when Mt Gox partnered with Dwolla, but then the price depressed because there were almost no merchants to spend Bitcoins with (the liquidity was there at the exchange but liquidity to convert Bitcoins to goods/services was still nonexistent), it was only as more merchants (slowly) got on board and services arrived that hedged against the potential loss of Bitcoin value by converting them immediately as a service, that Bitcoins slowly began to rise in price. In 2013 as the revelation that ASICs had finally come to the fore the inverse actually happened as Mt Gox became a victim of it's own success and choked on the tsunami of demand on their exchange, coupled with that, a string of bad news from Liberty Reserve, to Dwolla, to Mt Gox being sued, to it being harangued by banks because they weren't registered as an MSB, to other exchanges also encountering USD liquidity problems, has all worked to keep liquidity to USD or other currencies scarce, or limited. 
We are still not out of the woods regarding the liquidity problem. Until there is a *clear* regulatory pathway to allowing banks and exchanges to operate harmoniously we will be testing $100 for a long while yet IMO.
I'm afraid all the asics in the world aren't going to do dickybird if people/businesses can't move bitcoin -&gt; USD and vice versa, the same with any currency. Bitcoin however, is an international currency with no safe haven (yet) where it can operate unmolested. This is why it is so heavily dependent on liquidity between exchanges, there is no Government economy to prop up the price, and I'm afraid Asics only account for a small slice of the confidence (though I will admit it's still very essential to retaining Bitcoin's current value so the more asics, and different designed asics the better). People are greedy and paranoid about their money, so at the end of the day exchanges are the only thing to help reassure Bitcoin users their coins are actually worth anything. This will likely change in the future, but like I said, it may be years before we can stop worrying about hiccups in liquidity and have Bitcoin chug along without wavering in value.
I'm sure others will disagree and link other news events to the rise/fall of Bitcoin's value (eg. Googletrends, Cyprus, Fincen, Wordpress, Reddit gold, Pirateat40, Silkroad, etc.), and I'm certain they have contributed in their own way, but it really comes down to liquidity IMO. If liquidity is not there, don't expect the masses to come flocking to Bitcoin any time soon. This doesn't mean I'm not incredibly Bullish on Bitcoin, I am, but like I said earlier, it might take quite a few months before we see Bitcoin strengthen once again, just like in 2011 when it went from 32 -&gt; 2 there was a long period of several months where the value stayed in the mid 5 USD mark, just remember Bitcoin wasn't idle in that time, blockchain.info was in development around then, Bitpay came onto the scene, Bitinstant too, Tradehill reared it's head as the first serious contender to Mt Gox, and a string of other developments were occurring during that price lull. Just like last time lots of very smart and savvy people are working on, or around these problems but it all centrers around liquidity. Now I could be wrong, but I think we are seeing the same here, on the up side, I doubt the lull will be as long. I think by the end of the year we're going to see lots of positive Bitcoin news as these problems get ironed out.
@_date: 2013-03-20 14:35:41
That's the thing, if it's a small, but reasonable cut like 15%, I'm actually inclined to to give it to them. I want police, fire departments, roads, imported products, seaports, national defence, etc.
But not if it's 40% &amp;
@_date: 2013-11-26 15:35:21
Yep, I remember this one, she was also just as clueless last time she wrote about Bitcoin. Looks likes she is sticking to her guns.
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:34:14
Bitbadlips? :D
@_date: 2013-02-27 09:53:38
This is excellent news, more old coins returning to circulation, meeting need, stimulating Bitcoin related markets, and getting into more hands with any luck. Hopefully that will help stabilise the market's current value. I hope we get another 3 or more weeks around 30, that would be a wonderful thing. 30 truly would be the new 10 then.
@_date: 2013-11-13 03:18:06
I parrot the "don't risk more than you are willing to lose" for a couple of reasons. 
* A lot of people still like to parade Bitcoin as a ponzi/pyramid scheme, and us as mindless disciples. By warning people this way it pretty much refutes such resoning since I am in no way recruiting suckers.
* A lot of people are greedy, and rather than do the responsible thing and admit they fucked up when the price drops, they'll blame Bitcoin, and it's users. By warning them I can very plainly say they have no-one to blame but themselves.
* I never want to feel guilt for somehow roping someone into investing money into something thinking it will "go to the moon" (getting real sick of that "meme"). By warning people I can live happy in the knowledge that I never caused someone to lose it all and end up living on the streets.
* Lastly, there are a lot of twits (likely teenagers) here that are more than happy to do the opposite and do all the negative things I am trying to prevent, and they give the Bitcoin community a bad name. Hopefully my actions, and others that also do the same will drown out the idiots and put a more respectable face on the typical Bitcoin user. The media would love nothing more than to paint us all as disciples in a pyramid scheme, so until Bitcoin hits the mainstream in earnest (and maybe even afterward), I'll be posting that advice wherever/whenever I see someone that looks like he has dollar signs in his/her eyes. It's just the responsible thing to do.
* Also there are people like [this]( that are willing to risk it all for the "payoff", and people like [this]( that think it is OK and are more than willing to egg him on. 
@_date: 2013-01-31 09:41:08
I disagree, ASICs have just been confirmed and are indeed real. Bitcoin's blockchain security is going to go up by an order of magnitude or two (hell, maybe even three) in the coming months. Even though it is an unrealistic threat, people still worry about governments/companies hijacking the blockchain, so this news in itself has probably put quite a few naysayers at ease and silenced even more critics that say Bitcoin is not ready for mainstream adoption.
Not to mention there may be short term supply problems as ASIC miners get a larger cut of the coins, people are probably buying up in light of these events. So it might be a speculative bubble, but it is also because the fundamentals are going to be shored up in the coming months.
@_date: 2013-03-31 17:49:57
The 21 million limit will not be reached in our lifetime, nor will it be reached in your child's lifetime, your grandchildren, or great-grandchildren will probably live to see the day the last satoshi is ever issued into the Bitcoin network (2140). It may be that those generations feel that new coins need to be issued and organise to address the problem, but you can almost certainly be assured it is a non-problem for us.
@_date: 2013-04-04 16:29:19
That would be like watching Microsoft try to buy out Linux. Do you see that happening?
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:06:46


Thats because he did what he was told. He pulled the plans and AFAIK he hasn't designed any further 3d printed guns since. Mission accomplished.


IANAL. Look back at other examples though, eGold was a "token trading" system, they created a service, backed by gold to facilitate trading, no gold needed to change hands, it was all virtual, and knowing the identity of those persons was not required IIRC. That right there is creating a money laundering service.


The USA has laws against money laundering, it really doesn't matter what the medium is, you exchange USD for trading cards in the hopes of obfuscating where you got the money from, you're in trouble.
If you made those trading cards for the sole purpose that identities can't be tied to those cards, with the full knowledge that drug dealers are going to use them to siphon their funds through, I'd be consulting a lawyer.
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:50:55
It's not TOTC because by your own admission, miners are greedy, and given the option that they get a theoretically higher payout, their affiliation with the nefarious pool threatens with a high degree of certainty, the value of their coins, for not just them, but all miners, now and into the future.
Nothing about this is similar to TOTC. If anything, it mirrors the [prisoners dilemma]( where both self-interested parties can betray the other for perceived personal gains, but don't because both realise that by betraying each other they will both be worse off in the end.
@_date: 2013-11-25 03:43:53
Absolutely. I've actually seen a lot of sober discussions, with many being overly critical of Bitcoin being heavily upvoted to spur very concrete discussion.
April was a rats nest of teenage hormones and circlejerking the likes of which I'd never witnessed. 
Compared to April's gloating, histironics, namecalling of doubters, the flood of godawful memes, etc., this is a far better mix of enthusiasm, sober reality, optimism, and still a large smattering of actual Bitcoin news.
@_date: 2013-07-03 14:46:54
I honestly hope you are right. I will be very pleased to see one of these in public but I've heard a lot of talk and demonstrations of these machines, but as of yet none have materialised on a sidewalk. Lets hope we don't have to wait much longer.
@_date: 2013-07-31 09:36:35
If heat and power consumption can't be handled efficiently it doesn't matter how many hashes it spits out. If the power consumption to hashrate ratio is not good enough it could be a complete waste of effort. BFL has found that out the hard way.
The numbers might look good on paper but it could be a completely different picture when the chips are put on boards. This is definitely a wait and see...
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:35:12
Bitcoin is a *tiny* market, with only a dozen or so exchanges, and only one big-ish one. It needs more users, more money movements, pretty much more of everything to smooth out a lot of the problems it has currently, these kinks only exist because of it's size. Just remember, a billionaire, of which there are many, has more money in their own personal store of wealth, than Bitcoin has in it's entirety.
These problems will be fixed eventually, but in order to do that it needs to scale up, if Bitcoin were a trillion dollar market, with 100 exchanges all operating independently with hardened security and redundancies against DDOS this would be a non-issue.
@_date: 2013-04-07 14:29:46
Likely Bitcoin because all other currencies will probably also be insolvent once the USD hits the wall. I think Bitcoin needs to hit the mainstream first before it would be considered any reliable form of reserve, but it could be possible since Bitcoin's economic structure is not subject to the whims of any one nation that can arbitrarily change it's value through inflation. It would also have to be solid like a rock, not like it is now with all this volatility, thus why I think it needs to hit the mainstream first and prove itself before it would be seriously considered reserve currency material. Even if it didn't I think there's huge potential for massive uptake if the USD starts a downward spiral.
@_date: 2013-10-15 00:50:47
New game, new rules.
Our rules.
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:46:31
Yep, visited Poland recently, they very much have a "leave us the fuck alone" policy. Understandable since they've been fucked with by nearly every horrible dictatorship since forever.
I think their government has a healthy respect for their people's right to do business.
@_date: 2013-11-17 16:58:00
It's not a one man play, you think Russia, China, the Eurozone are US puppets? The enemy of my enemy is my friend. And lets not forget that there will be the users themselves, even now in Bitcoin's smallish stages, it has been incredibly resilient to banks bailing out on Businesses, the US driving out businesses/exchanges in droves, and even their attempts to shutter the Bitcoin denominated stock sites, and most notably the USG's shuttering of the silkroad. And that's not even taking into the incredible firestorm of (literally years of) virtiol, criticism, derision, and ridicule.
Yet it's still here and growing.
Forget waiting for the USG to step in to stop it, they already are! And it has shown that even with Bitcoin as it is right now, it has tremendous staying power. One other aspect is that if a huge migration of wealth moves to Bitcoin, it will simply be too late for the USG to react. It would be like trying to censor the internet. People get dangerous when you threaten to take something they value away from them, and if the USG tries to destroy the value of a people's money like Bitcoin once it gets really big, don't expect them to sit like ragdolls and accept their fate. Expect blowback. Lets also not forget that rich elites run congress and even they are seeing the writing on the wall, you may find that many ultra rich are actively looking to hedge against financial collapse (hell, some already are) and will put some (but for us a significant amount of) wealth into Bitcoin. And the USG is not one to piss off their wealthy benefactors.
What happens to Bitcoin in the future is not a clearcut outcome. 
@_date: 2013-09-18 01:28:30
It might not be as [hypothetical]( as you think.
@_date: 2013-09-22 17:14:59
Bitcoin isn't shares in a company, they are units of account being managed on a completely decentralised and autonomous network. The loss of tens, or even hundreds of thousands of Bitcoins is irrelevant for moving value across the world and converting it back to fiat. Also, coins do (and will will continue to) get redistributed via fees which will go to miners and be recirculated back into the network so unless the coins are actually being used for real economic benefit, the big holders will never continue to accrue more (and if they do, then they deserve to be rich).
What's more if the coins are out of circulation for a long time then they are essentially considered not part of the network since the value of a single Bitcoin is floated among those that actually trade their coins. Dilution is a word you just a made up and has no meaning in this case. The reason why I say that is because the fixed ceiling and the autonomous nature of Bitcoin ensures the only way more value can be pushed into the network is via the coins themselves, this happens organically according to the health of the Bitcoin economy and happens to all coins. 
Far from "diluting", *everyone's* coins, they will all simultaneously increase in value. Any user of Bitcoin will benefit tremendously from a stronger Bitcoin economy and they all benefit equally according to how many coins they possess. The only "losers" in this case are the ones that don't use, or don't encourage growth in Bitcoin. Distribution of new blocks of coins that slowly peters out over literally a hundred years also ensures there is no monopoly on the distribution of coins, early, massive inflation of the Bitcoin supply (the 50 bitcoin blocks in the first 4 years) means that the value of Bitcoins simply couldn't sky rocket in the early years, the network was veritably flooded with coins in order to get them into many hands early and to help drive early usage, and as the supply begins to slow the value will slowly rise and stabilise as more people find them scarcer and more valuable, but even with that said there is still around 46% yet to be distributed. And that being the case I think Bitcoin is pretty damn fair. Even if you bought coins *right now* you would still be considered an early adopter. 
Also consider this, Bitcoin was never forced on anyone (if you think it is unfair then by all means build a better mousetrap, dozens have already tried BTW), it is not endorsed by, or funded by governments or any of their agencies, nor any large corporation, it's value is determined on the free market, and it's distribution of coins was never done to prefer one person or group of people over another other than to prefer users that supported the Bitcoin infrastructure. If they are wealthy now it is because they had the clarity of mind to save some of their coins and help support Bitcoin in a way they wanted. 
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:15:09
It sounds to me that they are very narrow minded and bitter. Probably too fearful to take the plunge into a brave new world, and envious of those that have already reaped the benefits of doing so.
I'm an ideological person at heart, I want Bitcoin to succeed not because I necessarily want to get rich, but because I want to help improve peoples lives. Money with unrestrained inflation is slowly strangling economies around the world and the only light at the end of the tunnel is a freight train. If people want to trash me for wanting to make the financial industry take far greater responsibility for it's actions then I guess it illustrates just how bitter and hateful these personalities really are.
I remember when these same types of people were screaming "Ponzi!" every time Bitcoin was even whispered. Now they scream "Deflation!" or, "Drugs!", next it will be "Terrorists!", conveniently moving the goal posts to justify their own smug self-importance. You will probably never convince these people that Bitcoin is of any worth, so don't pay them too much heed, instead work to improve Bitcoin and make it better. The best revenge is to live well, so live well via Bitcoin :)
@_date: 2013-07-26 15:37:12
Well, politics is divisive. Sometimes dangerously so, eg. In American politics if the Democrats form a collective opinion, Republicans usually rush to oppose it and form the opposite opinion.
Any political endorsement, however small can inflame a polarised opinion on the subject. It muddies the waters, obscures Bitcoins actual neutrality as a tool, and needlessly injects political undercurrents.
Secondly, Bitcoin is international, it is not American. Many people will see libertarianism and immediately connect it with America, so any person suspicious of America or dislikes America may use that as an excuse to dismiss Bitcoin.
Keeping things simple means becomes far more inclusive, not only as a community, but also in spreading the message about the Bitcoin software to others regardless of their origin or political opinions.
@_date: 2013-02-23 13:34:17
Unfortunately this is extremely difficult to quantify. I heard around 20% of all wealth in Bitcoin has been mined to a single address and has never moved since. It's also impossible to know which coins are spendable and which are "lost". I've read a lot of stories over the years about many thousands of coins becoming irretrievable. The best way to gauge the "freshness" of coins is based on Bitcoin days destroyed, and the volume of coins moved over a period. Any other metric you have to take with a grain of salt.
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:25:33
Thankyou :)
Not to be overly sceptical, but can you link to an authoritative source so I can confirm that?
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:54:46
A static block size changes the dynamics of how fees are negotiated.
Very simply what we have now has ample space for the negotiation between miners and users, if there is ample space right now and the system works it is absurd to use the TOTC argument that the network can't sustain itself. What we have now is a supply/demand market that is more than capable of maintaining a stable and profitable network.
Once the blocks becomes really scarce and serious competition to get transactions into a block happen, the transaction negotiation dynamic will change. It will change from a negotiation to an auction. This is really bad since it moves power to miners in an unnatural fashion, it means that miners are literally forced to favour the highest transaction fees. We no longer have a free market on transaction fees and this will eventually result in only those that can afford to pay the exorbitant fees to use the Bitcoin network. It will mean there will be a two tiered system, ultrasafe transfers of value for the privileged and monied institutions and everyone else is driven to less secure intermediaries that will be the next western union. Even worse, this will stunt Bitcoin growth (or even destroy Bitcoin) because one of the biggest selling points of the Bitcoin protocol will be nullified making it scarcely better than banks. Intermediaries will be the new banking system that can force you to reveal your identity, charge exorbitant fees for the pleasure of moving your money, freeze your funds, and tell you who you can/can't send money to.
The argument that the Bitcoin network *needs* a scarcity of blockchain space to drive up transaction fee is utter BS, there is no TOTC either, that is also BS. The free market will negotiate fees and the fees *will* go up as the Bitcoin economy grows, this should be a nobrainer, more users, equals more transactions, equals more fees, **we do not need this blockspace scarcity BS**, all the network needs to do is find a happy and stable block size that all the miners of the day feel is acceptable and sustainable. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 16:13:04


[devices dedicated]( to [signing transactions offline]( kinda like a yubikey.




[Brainwallets]( Also, people tend to remember their pins for debit/CCs so I'm not sure how this is a Bitcoin-specific problem.
And yes, brainwallets and offline, hardware-based signing devices are being integrated together. Idiot-proofing is on it's way.


Yes, all these problems can be fixed by getting involved in Bitcoin, either joining existing groups or forming your own to start making Bitcoin more idiot-friendly.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:09:49
Cool, thanks for the info.
This would be a fantastic way to leverage the massive infrastructure the Bitcoin network has, as well as level the playing field for CPU/GPU systems that currently have nothing better to do than mine litecoin.
Is the approach viable on paper though? If there is a viable path to seeing this implemented then gad damn we need to see this happen!
@_date: 2013-01-17 16:46:49
Armory is fantastic, I use it exclusively to manage my bitcoins, my only recommendation would be to get yourself a cheap cmputer and learn how to use offline wallets. It's actually fairly simple and it is without a doubt in my mind THE best security for your funds without having any real difficulty spending your funds. I have never worried about thefts, hacks, or losses once I started using Armory and it's offline transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-20 08:32:55
Taxing Bitcoin really is in their best interests to be honest. It's damn near impossible to declare Bitcoin a morally corrupt instrument. I know, I know, drugs, crime, etc. etc. but it's no more immoral compared to finance in general. I think governments would be far more inclined to make the devil (Bitcoin) work *for* them rather than fight it, besides I think the governments of the world are getting quite tired of fighting atm. ;)
@_date: 2013-03-21 05:04:36
Absolutely, scattering Bitcoins into more hands makes Bitcoin *far* more stable in the longer term. esp. in this clime, Mr. Early Adopter chose a positive time to sell so he did a good thing for the community too by helping clamp the price down and satisfy demand without making the sell seem like a negative.
Good for all IMO.
@_date: 2013-11-13 16:10:18
I love the irony, “We don’t want to be the sheriff of the Bitcoin community. We just want to create an ecosystem of clean addresses.” .
Taxes is one thing, since businesses are known to governments, but "cleansing the system" means they need control over who transmits to who, this is the exact opposite of what Bitcoin enables foundationally, it does the opposite of what they want to happen. "Sanitizing" bitcoin transactions will be harder than herding cats.
“The existing Bitcoin community will find this very controversial from a privacy perspective. But it’s simple, straightforward and opt in,”
This is double speak for, it's "opt-in" now, until we start turning the thumb screws once you are dependent on us enough to not "opt-out".
Edit: 
“If 10% of those were clean addresses, it would substantially improve the regulatory landscape state-side,” he says. He predicts in the future that every user will have at least one address that’s self identified, “or at least every user who wants to do business in the U.S.”
And this I'm afraid is how Bitcoin commerce dies in the U.S., like I said, unless *every* business in the world adheres to this concept, it will fail. ID verification will always 100% be optional in a Bitcoin system unless 100% of businesses "opt-in" to being a branch of the USG.
@_date: 2013-11-23 16:05:49
My advice would be to keep it brief, don't focus on the technical side, and focus on *why* Bitcoin is great.
Some "why"s:
* Transactions can be sent, at any time, to any person with a Bitcoin address around the world and it only requires the sender to be connected to the internet.
* Funds can't be frozen.
* Transaction costs are the same for big and small payments.
* It can cross borders without anyone ever being able to confiscate them.
* Unlike cash, banks funds, and physical assets, Bitcoin private keys can be copied and stored in multiple locations.
* Compared to cheques, wire transfers, bank transfers, etc. Bitcoin is FAST!
* Merchants save significant transaction costs when using Bitcoin (and they can use intermediaries like Bitpay to immediately and cheaply convert Bitcoins to fiat), so they can sell their wares for less, or keep the savings in fee costs and make more profit. IOW merchants can be more competitive when using Bitcoin. It is also very easy for merchants/and regular people to start accepting Bitcoin on their website, or even in person.
IOW, focus on all the realworld reasons they would find Bitcoin appealing. Don't focus on the skyrocketing exchange rate, news events (unless you've exhausted the above points and they ask for more), and it's best to not confuse them with Bitcoin babble, like blockchain, decentralisation, mining, etc. unless they really are interested in the technical side.
Just focus on why Bitcoin is a fantastic technology from their perspective.
@_date: 2013-04-04 12:51:45
I've bookmarked it for posterity. Years down the track I'll be able to look back and smile (a big shit-eating grin no less :D ). Fortunately for us, he will will be part of the late adopter crowd, and will be the last to fully grasp and realise the benefits of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:18:55
Believe me when I say the criticism compared to 2 years ago is downright friendly these days. News regarding Bitcoin was for the most part downright hostile and vitriolic back then. Bitcoin was almost constantly being paraded as a pyramid/ponzi scheme/scam and only the openminded, or the hardest of the hardcore (such as those on Bitcointalk) understood what Bitcoin was really about. When negative media did the rounds, one of the things that I always used to do to steel myself against negativity regarding Bitcoin, whether it was markets, or press, or another exchange either getting hacked or getting caught in yet another wrangle with another bank was the fundamentals.
Fundamentals like:
* Ongoing active development of Bitcoin outside the reference client.
* Stability of the Bitcoin network.
* Miner support.
* Continued adoption of Bitcoin by businesses.
* liquidity at, and variety of exchanges.
Barring the exchanges, Bitcoin is doing excellently. This is hardly a disaster, more like an opportunity for exchanges to scale up as necessary, certify themselves and work within the regulations of the countries they operate where necessary, and continue to harden their site security.
This has happened almost continually since Bitcoin started getting on it's feet. It has surprised me that so many exchange operators (including Mt Gox to a limited extent) have thrown caution to the wind and just thought it would sort itself out, but I shouldn't be too surprised, it's still a very young industry for exchanges, and still a fledgling Bitcoin economy.
Also don't forget we've had frankly **EXPLOSIVE GROWTH** in the past two months, people are still drunk on the all time highs and the systems/businesses/exchanges have hardly even had a chance to take a breath. It's been an amazing media frenzy and many governments/businesses/VCs/organisations/etc. have Bitcoin well and truly on their radar now when before it was barely a rumor.
Give it several months for the newest wave of people to start using Bitcoin. I know this because the first mini-bubble brought into existence the first wave of businesses/products that used Bitcoin. Blockchain.info, Bitpay, Bitinstant, a multitude of small businesses accepting Bitcoins, ASIC manufacturers, all appeared months after the slow decrease to $2. And most of the people that started these things were only made aware of Bitcoin to begin with when the rush to $32 happened.
It'll almost certainly be the same this time round too.
Give it time.
@_date: 2013-10-14 11:51:30
Get enough businesses using Bitcoin and I can assure you banks AND govs will be facing off against their own economies. At that stage even governments wouldn't be stupid enough to cut off their nose to spite their face.
The government won't be taking anything on the chin, they'll be making sure every business pays taxes, and they'll be grinning.
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:27:15
If I recall correctly (and please correct me if I'm wrong jgarzik) but jgarzik is very firmly in the "don't change the blocksize limit" camp. I am very firmly in the "the blocksize must be raised" camp. IIRC detractors think scarcity in the blocksize is mandatory to drive up transaction costs so that the network remains viable. 
I believe that is utter BS and will simply cause a monopoly on blocksize space that can be controlled by entities with enough money to drive out transactions that have more modest transaction fees, thus prioritising who can use the Bitcoin network and primarily favouring the richer users that can afford to pay for the artificially high fees.
There was a firestorm of discussion on this topic on bitcointalk (and here to a more limited extent) some months ago and the general consensus was that most would happily defer to the developers that have worked on the Bitcoin protocol and a large chunk of that majority definitely wanted to raise the blocksize limit but weren't sure how.
Gavin et al. are in a wait-and-see pattern ATM, but they have also discussed how to go forward with rising the limit. They generally feel this is an inevitable evolution to the Bitcoin protocol and will not adversely affect the functioning of the network in a general sense (Gavin has mentioned that originally the limit was low because there was a risk of spamming the blockchain in the early days, and originally intended limit was 32mb, so it seems Satoshi definitely envisaged the protocol could handle much larger block sizes). Seems the accepted approach is not to simply raise the static limit and then yet again come back years down the track with the same problem, but to implement a shifting limit based on the history of blocks accepted over a certain period, this means that the network finds a stable sustainable size, and no-one ever has to fret on the limit raising possibility again. 
Obviously there are detractors, and unfortunately rather than accept that the majority are in support of Gavin et al. have instead been rather petulant and have tried to undermine via propaganda to sway the general public that anything but the current implementation is "bad", looking at you (aka retep in the bitcointalk forums).
@_date: 2013-02-07 02:30:49
112 countries, no support in Australia.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:05:10
I'd also contact local bitcoins immediately in case the fraudster tries to file a dispute. Gather as much info on the previous fraud so that local bitcoins doesn't get conned to release the funds.
@_date: 2013-01-31 11:35:30
To be honest I agree, the martket is being a bit *too* bullish IMO, so I don't want to defend the run up in price too much. Though to be fair, on the 21st to 23rd we had our first run up from 16.50 to 19.50 which corrected itself to 16.50 again in short order, so the market has already tested the waters and reclimbed back to 19.50 in the last 7-ish days and sat for around 19.50 for 2.5 of those days. Then just recently surged to 20.50 as news the ASICs devices have been independantly confirmed.
It could be rationalised that for the last week there really has been a lot of ASIC talk, and this may have driven the initial runups based purely on speculation, now that the ACISs have not only shipped, but been more or less confirmed to be working to spec, that speculative buying retroactively backs up the increased confidence in the current price.
tl;dr the gamble on ASICs being real paid off for the speculative buyers.
@_date: 2013-02-28 04:09:19
Sorry if I sound harsh. It's just the way the article made me feel. And I know saying the rich are greedy is a huge generalisation on my part, but the world is greed oriented more than anything else, it's a fact of life. At the moment I'm wary of people/articles that sensationalise news, or projects that have yet to actually materialise. There have been quite a few "announcements" that simply never materialised beyond that.
Yes liquidity is a very important thing, but that will come with adoption and use of Bitcoin more than anything else, even now Bitpay and others have softened the dependence on liquidity. But most importantly, more than anything else, Bitcoin needs to be adopted and used within the Bitcoin community. Doing that may raise liquidity slower than many would like but it needs slow growth. As far as manipulations go with those that consider millions play money, people's perception of Bitcoin as a tool for value transfer and as a currency has often kept the market quite steady, regardless of "manipulators", let the free market decide.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:38:33
Bitcoin has had periods where it has stayed at the same level for *months*, as dissapointing as it may sounds, this may be one of those times. 
Maybe now I can get some fucking *work* done! &amp;
@_date: 2013-02-19 12:44:03
Unfortunately this is probably behaviour that is hard-coded into the client you are using. If you are still dead keen to use an address generated from a memorised phrase, then there are a few options but they do involve tradeoffs. In your case it would probably be best to use the phrase you have memorised to create a brainwallet. Though I wouldn't advocate in most other cases (since it's probably more appropriate for advanced users), Electrum allows you to create addresses that are seeded from your passphrase. This enables you to not only use a single mnemonic to recover all the addresses ever created from that passphrase, it also means you get all the benefits of the privacy of the client's behaviour. Armory also has seeded wallets but has not gone so far as to permit arbitrary seeds .... yet, it's in the pipeline but etotheipi has a lot on his plate so we just have to be patient. 
Unfortunately clients are still in the early stages, most if not all clients will likely have the option of "brainwallets" in the future, but that is probably a year or two off yet.
@_date: 2013-02-12 11:16:27
I'm actually inclined to agree. This is a crazy fast, crazy high rise. I'm expecting this one to burn itself out before the price has a chance to stabilise.
@_date: 2013-12-13 02:02:52
I think the trezor will help immensely in this regard. Once it becomes integrated with most wallets in the Bitcoin space then security can take a back seat to actually using it.
@_date: 2013-09-12 18:09:52


I never said you said it was "evil", I was over-inflating the tone of the comment for sarcastic effect because many proponents like to beat on deflationary economies as "evil", and savers as "hoarders". Thats why the little /s tag was at the end.


Bitcoin started from a small piece of software worth nothing, with zero backing, to an economy worth up to a billion dollars in 4-ish years, and transacting millions of dollars worth of Bitcoins per day, I'd say the system is taking off just nicely.


Funny how you see the early adopters who propped up and supported Bitcoin in the early days as somehow the bad guys and manipulators now. If you derive any benefit from Bitcoin right now you should really be thankful since it is because of them that Bitcoin is where it is today, but I digress...
In any case what you said is a completely baseless statement, please at least *try* to base your argument around some kind of fact, even if it is loosley. I'm not trying to be a dick about it so lets agree at the very least this hypothetical "1%" is [Satoshi and the theoretical 1 million he mined in the first year]( 
If this IS the case, Satoshi (or whoever) has a huge vested interest in seeing Bitcoin grow so it retains even more value, stabilises so they can hold their coin over the long term, and becomes as highly liquid as possible. Unless Satoshi is truly malicious he will have the same vested interest (a hundred million dollar vested interest) as everyone else. Right now he doesn't have snowball's chance in hell of cashing out in such a thin market and almost certainly can't buy multimillion dollar properties/cars/politicians etc. with it, so he would be working like hell to stabilise, grow and consolidate his HUGE fortune.


No they can't. Sorry to bust your bubble, but that's not how it works in Bitcoinland. In the fed system, they (the banks and the government) can flush near infinite amounts of money into the system. A classic recent example is Zimbabwe. With Bitcoin, you have what you have right now, and once you spend it to move the market a certain way (perhaps to crash it), try to use it to spur growth artificially (essentially astroturfing economic growth), you will only get one chance, then Bitcoin's value re-stabilises. You will never get more money than what you already have unless you find ways to earn more Bitcoins, and that means you will inevitably be helping the Bitcoin economy in some way, even if it's pumping progressively worthless fiat into the Bitcoin exchanges. It doesn't matter if you are a fat cat, corporate heavyweight, or the United-fucking-S-of-A, you get in line like everyone else and acquire Bitcoins the old fashioned way.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:40:44
And god knows we don't any reavers roaming planet earth after we're gone.
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:20:20
AKA diversifying at worst, moving away from each person's own doomed country's currency at best.
IOW, not going down with that ship.
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:04:18
That $400 is $400 if he uses those coins to buy $400 worth of pizzas today. So if he spends them today, then yes, it *is* $400, just in Bitcoin form.
@_date: 2013-05-06 19:41:53
Don't be so sure about the anonymity holy grail, it could [happen eventually]( 
@_date: 2013-04-13 15:41:10
And while all of us are dithering over the price, the user-base silently grows...
@_date: 2013-02-06 03:50:32
Just to be clear, I don't compare Bitcoin to visa, I liken it to cash, and I think that distinction is important. Cash has no middleman, no money handlers, it doesn't require two parties trust a third external entity (like visa) to make the transaction happen. There is no arbitrary decision maker that knows the other two and that can interfere or refuse a transaction like visa can. Two entities meet, use a common medium of exchange, then leave. This is what Bitcoin was designed to do, facilitate *zero-trust* transactions over the internet. Bitcoin is no visa. Visa never existed side-by-side with cash years ago, the only reason it exists currently is because it fills a role that normal cash could not fill, and that is digital payments. So yes, I believe visa *can* be replaced by Bitcoin if we choose it to.




Ah the good old "tragedy of the commons" argument. You obviously think miners will include any and all transactions since the block reward allows them to. How exactly is that in the miner's interest? They still need to carry the blockchain, there is no free lunch in Bitcoin land. People like throwing around that argument, though they often have not considered whether it is applicable to Bitcoin's situation. The only reason a TOTC situation could possibly exist currently is because blocks have a subsidy that far outweighs the fees associated with transactions. Dust spamming is only possible with subsidies, incentive for miners to include any/all transaction(s) is only because of the subsidy. Since miners have currently no interest in excluding transactions that are fee-less, this "problem" will go away on it's own in a few years anyway as the subsidy reduces and miners begin to cherry-pick the transactions with fees. No transaction will ever be "free" and I never asserted Bitcoin was ever anyway. 
Bitcoin has to grow in line with the technology that supports it, 10 minute blocks are tied to difficulty which is tied to the computer systems supporting Bitcoin, so too the current max blocksize and max transactions should shift to reflect the infrastructure supporting it. There *should* be a limit, and a fair and reasonable metric needs to be decided on to reflect the infrastructure to support it, exactly like block propagation. Not some silly, arbitrary, and most importantly *temporary* limit. Already some are thinking of tying it to difficulty in some way.
Ironically, Bitcoin has hummed along fine without ever bumping up against the limit in any way, the limit currently has served absolutely no purpose in Bitcoin's current functioning. But it *will* affect Bitcoin in unexpected ways when we *DO* hit the limit. You've conveniently ignored the fact that Bitcoin has been operating without the block size limit ever affecting the behaviour and operation of the Bitcoin system so far.
Your commentary (bereft of any real in-depth explanation I might add) constantly downplays the potential Bitcoin could play on the world stage, and your arguments have been contradictory from the start. You want Bitcoin to stay the way it is as a payment protocol for payments, yet you see it as a system where only high end institutions should be using it for clearing major transactions, something the current Bitcoin simply doesn't do at this time. Bitcoin is not successful because big banks use it, it's successful because EVERYONE can use it. You are believing in a non-existent ideology that simply won't come to pass. You want to maintain arbitrary limits to strangle the number of transactions which would destroy the very community that has brought it to this point, so that *THEN* it can be something it never was to begin with.
Bitcoin is grassroots and *not* a bankers friend. It needs people, *NOT* institutions to survive. You can have all the warn fuzzies in the world dreaming about what it could be, but without the people that use it right now, your dream is just that.
@_date: 2013-11-19 11:08:19
Interesting. It could be that he was living in Japan and knew of a way to perhaps pay in person? Using a Japanese site with a Japanese name may have been simply a way to round out the persona to make it look as though the pseudonym really was a Japanese person. Japanese are very big on transacting in cash too so perhaps it was possible he paid in person, or sent the cash while in Japan, unfortunately I couldn't get to the stage/or find where it showed what payment methods they accepted, getting a prepaid credit card was definitely possible back then too, so it's not necessarily the case that he was worried about the fact that he leaked his identity with the service. It could be that since he was using the site more often he was needing a more robust service to keep his identity clean so he didn't need to worry about it as much. 
Finding out what kinds of payment methods Digirock accepted may help clear this uncertainty as to whether Satoshi really was worried about his payment information being leaked or whether he was just tightening up on his anonymity because he was using the site a lot more. The bitcointalk foruim was launched in late 2009 so he may have anticipated he'd be regularly accessing the site and used AnonymousSpeech for that reason.
@_date: 2013-03-22 12:50:58
It's actually, to be precise 2.1 quadrillion currency units (AKA satoshis)
2.1 X 10^15
or 
People speculate the entire supply of money is 300 trillion USD worth or 3.0 X 10^14
or 
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:21:54
Indeed it is not, a more likely outcome would be "coin reclamation" *shudder* or some other proportional reimbursement. It hardly needs to be recursive divisibility, simply increase everyone's total by 10% by shifting the decimal :P.
Even with that said, this is a situation that will not happen in our lifetime, subsidies will continue until 2140-ish and an economy can still easily exist on a single subsidy of 10BTC so settle down people.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:18:54
If CPUs/GPUs could mine AND perform research then it means both sides get something out of it. Bitcoins gets some more security/decentralisation and researchers get tangible benefits too. If it is possible then doing this is far more preferable to making a program to buy CPU power with Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-25 07:32:40
I agree with you and OP, there's a lot of low calibre threads but I think this is part and parcel with Bitcoin's success. We shouldn't necessarily deride these posts, lots of people are getting excited about Bitcoin, so really this is a good problem to have. 
That said, what might be termed "insightful" or "provoking" discussions have also done the rounds on the front page of a *lot* of times as well, so really, we shouldn't be too harsh on the feel good posts, memes, all time high updates, etc., they have their place, is generic enough in nature that we can't really complain that much, and as you say, we have an up/down vote button for a reason, we have lots of content now so it's up to us to be more discerning and vigilant about what we like and want to see get more exposure here.
Use your arrows ppl! :)
@_date: 2013-01-11 18:01:12












Tuxavant, Bryan Micon, roger that, both tagged as "fucking nuts", thanks for the heads up theverge.com .
@_date: 2013-09-26 05:36:02
What with all the new, more efficient chips that are supposedly in the pipeline, I'd be surprised if we don't see difficulty continue to skyrocket for the foreseeable future. Give it around a year and I think difficulty will calm down a bit.
Amazing how drastically the Bitcoin mining scene is transforming. Puts the GPU era to shame :P
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:59:19
Indeed, and the response is much the same as this time around. The last bug was far worse than this one too, this is at worst, an unfortunate configuration error AFAIKT. The last time it was a flaw in implementation of the network rules. 
Devs are doing a great job reacting so quickly. It's not even like they need to patch the flaw either, just get everyone onto mining on the old client again so that the problem can be smoothed out in a more comfortable fashion.
It will probably be a great chance for new adopters to get in with some cheap coins as the less informed panic sell too ;D
@_date: 2013-02-11 06:22:40
It would be easier to predict the world cup IMO.
But hey, I'll bite. [I actually predicted the price would be at the current level 6 months ago so why not give it another go]( :P .
If the rest of my prediction from 6 months ago pans out, $40-$50 by the end of the year. Looking at my previous prediction 6 months on I'd have to revise that estimate slightly since I was still a little bit more pragmatic (also the string of good Bitcoin developments hadn't hit then).
Now I'd say $55-$60 by early next year (Jan-Feb 2014), but I think this is the absolute, best possible outcome for Bitcoin over the next 12 months. I think we're going to plateau at $35 for 3-5 months near the second half of the year, then spike to near $50 around December. But I think this will only eventuate if Bitcoin's reputation continues to be positive, adoption continues, and no high profile shitstorms pass over with Bitcoin's name all over it. We seem to regularly have spikes, then small corrections and consolidation periods when good news of Bitcoin spreads. The opposite is true when shit hits the fan (though in some instances the price just stagnates for a while).
That's my 2 Satoshi, see you in 6 months! :P
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:32:44
I did my part, virtually ranted to everyone to not risk more than they were willing to lose. I myself have weathered this twice before and this is turning out to be eerily similar. Unlike the last two times though, this "crisis" is downright tame by comparison.
Now that I know what to expect [this is how I feel]( as I trawl through I still feel sorry for those that feel they've lost significant amounts of money but heaps of people and the media have been reminding people of Bitcoin's volatility, so now I simply sit back and enjoy the madness. 
It's also remarkable how utterly churlish the anti-bitcoiners are. They, like clockwork came out of the woodwork, just like they did the last two times as well.
@_date: 2013-01-13 12:53:21
Don't get me wrong, I LOVE that there is this type of client out there. Really. It has it's purpose and is great for particular persons.
Like I said I hate to sound like I'm trashing great work and a huge amount of effort. I am happy to offer constructive criticism if it is welcome though.
I guess the best way to explain my frustration is to compare it to Armory. Armory has a huge array of features all in a python GUI that has tooltips practically adorning every button, checkbox, radiobutton, etc. It screams usability, and I immediately fell in love with it. It's downside is where Electrum's upside is, Electrum is fast to set up, simple in function, has deterministic brain wallets, so Armory still has a way to go, but even with that said, Armory's usability GUI-wise means I am still happy to wait upwards of a hour for the block chain to download and content to chain it to Bitcoin-Qt too. 
Electrum's major downside, as I see it is the interface is like a straight jacket, your freedom is severely curtailed, but the few use cases it fulfills is very clean and there is no chance of hurting yourself or being overwhelmed. Unfortunately this functionality is almost on par with the reference client, except you have no blockchain download, and brainwallets can be used, all the other features are essentially locked out for all but the most experienced and dedicated Electrum users. The GUI features itself hardly even set it apart from the reference client IMO. What Armory offers in the GUI is frankly orders of magnitide more useful than the features offered by Electrum, even though Electrum has most of these features already, it is simply impossible to utilise them easily because they are not part of the GUI.
Some examples (all these features are available in a GUI for Armory, and Electrum must use a commandline AFAICT, please correct me if I'm wrong though):
* Multiple wallets, creating new wallets/switching current wallets/importing other client's wallets (like lots of dumped private keys).
* Watching only wallets.
* Preparing and broadcasting offline transactions.
* Selecting where change goes.
* Signing/verifying messages with private keys.
* Viewing/filtering all the addresses in my wallet and exposing public/private key information easily.
My personal, keyboard smashing issue, was watching only wallets, offline transactions and transaction info. Armory makes these tasks trivial, even for beginners, and users can understand what every button, checkbox, form, and radio button does because practically everything has a tooltip next to it. Electrum practices minimalism to a dangerous and disturbing extreme. For all the benefit of brain wallets, it is impossible for new users to leverage their usefulness because they will never be able to securely use them. Having the seed stored on any connected computer almost completely defeats the benefit of having them in the first place, being able to *easily* create watching only wallets from seeds and private addresses is pretty much number one on my secure usage list, with preparing/broadcasting of transactions being a very close number two. Electrum and Armory can do both of these things (at least I'm pretty sure Electrum can), having a GUI so people can easily utilise them is extremely important, not just important for Electrum, but Bitcoin in general, I have never recommended Electrum for this very reason, any program that expects you to use the bulk of it's most redeeming features in the command line is power user territory. Command line stuff is great for scripting, integrating with other programs, etc. but not normal users. 
I can't do anything in the Electrum GUI except the simplest use cases, outside of that I have to migrate to another client (whats more I can't easily take the private keys from my seed with me either, unless, *again*, I have to go into the command line to retrieve them), even though I know it's buried deep within the commandline, I can't do offline transactions either unless I spend hours of my time on the command line figuring it out.
I guess this probably hasn't helped you out much since you're responsible for the lite GUI, and I guess my criticisms aren't tied directly to what you are doing, but to be honest these features should be available at all experience levels, and easily accesible in all GUIs regardless. I refuse to believe watching only wallets and offline transactions is power user territory.
Thankyou for all your hard work, I understand this is a labor of love for many developers and you aren't compensated cash-wise, I only wish I had time to dedicate to developing Bitcoin clients to make them better myself rather than sitting on the sidelines lamenting and screeching like an old cat-lady ;P
@_date: 2013-03-18 12:14:57
Are you serious? It's been like a popcorn-fest the last two weeks! :D
@_date: 2013-02-23 13:24:39
Bitcoin could very easily become regulated if people accept regulation as inevitable, but I personally don't believe that is ever going to happen. The nature of the Bitcoin system is designed to avoid that in nearly every circumstance. There are lots of self-interested parties, in government, and out, that want a slice of the financial pie, and Bitcoin threatens to take away a large chunk of said pie. I think a lot of it hinges on the wants and needs of government. They want to enforce the law, but they need taxes to do so. They want people to follow the rules, but they need to make sure people don't try to overthrow the government, either peacefully or violently.
Governments are all about control, because that is exactly what they are designed to do (in general). The governments today are in a bit of a bind though, the economies of the world have IMO been abused and misused, in a criminal manner, and the government has looked the other way. What's more it has gone to great efforts to stifle alternatives, such as eGold, liberty dollar, etc. often disguising their actions under the pretence of fighting crime, like money laundering, the same with information, case in point, wikileaks. Now Bitcoin comes along. We've often seen the hypocrisy of governments, but Bitcoin could be a very slippery eel to pin down without making the situation far, far worse. Governments of the world can only influence the adoption of Bitcoin indirectly through propaganda, fear, and threats. It can't actually shut down Bitcoin, it occupies no jurisdiction, has no base of operations, no nationality or political ties, and neutral in it's behaviour (it's not out to attack any one government). Governments can only attack and demonise the people that use it, and as more people use it, the more useless and absurd this tactic will become, case in point, wikileaks :).
Now in a perfect world, Bitcoin wouldn't exist, because it would never find a niche. Right now Bitcoin is filling an ever expanding niche, and that is because people desire an incorruptible, unmanipulatable, fast, integrated, zero-trust currency that can't be shut down. If the FED and the US Government had been far more protective of the value of their USD and had not been protecting those people that had put the USD in such a precipitous situation, I doubt Bitcoin would have even seen the light of day. This means that any type of regulation is going to fail since the government has already failed at regulating it's own currency, if the us government can't even regulate it's own currency, what hope does it have trying to regulate a decentralised currency that was designed to be as free from manipulation as possible? Sure, it can regulate at exchanges, but exchanges aren't mandatory for Bitcoin to fiat transfers. They could outlaw it, but that screams "EVERYONE!! THERE IS A CREDIBLE THREAT TO US RIGHT HERE!", and this would be the last thing governments want a lot of unhappy people doing. Propaganda is also far less effective in the age of the internet. Labelling Bitcoin as a money laundering instrument in order to force regulation makes about as much sense as outlawing banknotes as a money laundering instrument, unless each note's serial number were registered at a bank when ever the note changed hands.
As far as regulation affecting the value of Bitcoins, they may actually spike in value. Illegal markets using Bitcoins are already in place, and the majority of all Bitcoins are already very well distributed. Illegal goods paid for in bitcoins could in turn be used to pay for other illegal goods, with bitcoins, there is no actual reason why a person needs to connect their identity to coins they've used and illegal goods/services if those same coins can in turn be used to purchase illegal goods/services of a different nature. This kind of closed loop economy is already happening in Bitcoinland and heavy regulation or propaganda on Bitcoin would incentivise others that wish to conduct illegal operations on the web. New money from illegal sources would likely flood the markets that still run such as Bitcoin-OTC since the government has ironically advertised that Bitcoin can be used to conduct illegal commerce and the government can't catch you when you use Bitcoin.
Now with all that said, I DO think some aspects related to Bitcoin will be regulated, but it is far more to do with already regulated goods and services that exist outside the Bitcoin network, and Internet proper. Purchases of goods like cars, houses, etc. Any physical good, registering these items will probably mean you will need to tell the government how you paid for them. Collection of taxes from businesses, any business operating in a country will need to declare their ins and outs, so that appropriate taxes can be paid, this will involve declaring Bitcoins received, and sent. Practically anything that is already regulated in some way will touch Bitcoin, albeit indirectly. Personal debts between people, illegal activities, etc. will all remain unregulated and outside of all governments control, and that’s simply because Bitcoin is designed so that no government or organisation can vet transactions made on the Bitcoin network. There is absolutely no prejudice with regards to Bitcoin transactions. Unless the Governments of the world control all the hashing power on the network and is going to thoroughly vet each transactional movement, Bitcoin will remain largely free of government regulation, and likely flourish more furiously if it were ever outlawed.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:01:18
Depends how risk averse you are.
Black swan events can't be anticipated, they are meant to  be incredibly unlikely, and impossible to predict.
There isn't a paradox. Because they consider it's usefulness and potential is worth the current value and speculators will speculate regardless.
There aren't cheaper alternatives. Buying things around the world anywhere an internet connection exists without any company, bank, government treasury, or bank account, without needing to convert currency your end, that can be settled in minutes and is completely safe for the merchant, forgeproof, while also never worrying about your funds being locked or blocked means theres no way people are simply going to "move to another instrument" unless all of these advantages are surpassed by a large margin. Show me something that can do all the previously listed things and more.
It's not even double the price of the previous all time high. When it gets to 5-10 times the previous ATH, then we can speculate on the price being too high.
It's a free market, of course a consensus will be reached. If I can buy another house or car with that Bitcoin, why would it matter. 
@_date: 2013-02-19 11:45:23
Gah! Of course! Totally forgot Mu can also be represented by uBTC.
I think "mikes" or "microbits" and "millies" and "milibits" would also keep it unambiguous. Good call.
@_date: 2013-01-29 06:39:17


As someone that watched them go from cents, to $30 and then all the way back down again. My personal sentiment was as they were going up I thought people were crazy, I rightfully worried the collapse was on the horizon. For me, I never lost money on the coins I had simply because I bought below the $2 mark but it was frustrating and depressing watching thousands of dollars slip from the value of my own coins, and the constant barrage of negative sentiment in the forums, media, etc. when Bitcoin's value hit it's peak and then took the long slide down. 
It. Sucked.
When the Mt Gox hack hit I stepped away from my computer soon after, and only checked in on the price every couple weeks for a few months. Watching the price slide was like staring down the barrel of a gun, if I flinched and sold all my coins I'd at least secure the value I currently had but I knew I'd be a hypocrite and would have betrayed my ideals and those of others that also believed in Bitcoin. Those were some very hard months to be a Bitcoin user, for me it was not so bad though since I never really ran at a loss, but I shuddered for those that dropped large amounts as Bitcoin was above $20 and were watching their thousands whittle away day by day. I knew in my heart Bitcoin was safe and a wonderfully useful tool but nearly everyone around me connected the hacks, thefts and losses to Bitcoin itself rather than fly by night, one-weekend-and-a-bottle-of-whiskey coders that would make a site and crow that their site was the next big thing. Then have it hacked 2 months later. It was obvious to me that the drop in price was either those that bought high and panic-sold, or those that took coins they got on the cheap and were bailing to make some quick money while they still could. I think the general sentiment was understandable though, I knew Bitcoin was simply not ready for such an astronomical increase in price, there was hardly *ANYONE* that accepted Bitcoins yet, and much of the price rise was based on a rush to buy in on the next big thing and be millionaires. In short, there were a lot of stupid, opportunistic, and greedy people circling Bitcoin at the time.


I know now that the most likely cause of the huge run-up was almost certainly Mt Gox accepting Dwolla as a payment processor. It was pretty much the first exchange to connect purchasing of Bitcoins directly to the funds in a bank account, so lots of money could now (relatively) easily enter the Bitcoin economy. The times match up *very* closely with when Dwolla came on board as a payment processor and the price runup, so very likely demand snowballed since people were waiting for accounts to be verified and bought as soon as they were able, regardless of where the price was.


Once it rose from $2-$5 I was very confident we were out of panic territory, and when it stayed at $5 for 3-4 months I knew Bitcoin was far, far, FAR from dead. I considered that 5-6 month period of $5 as a godsend to the Bitcoin economy and community, since it gave people a chance to stop panicking about the price and develop Bitcoin related services, and gave others the chance to actually transact in Bitcoins without great concerns over fluctuation in price. I started buying more coins, and using them, when the price rose from $5-$7. Even though there have been bumps in the road since then, I think many early users now know when to curb their enthusiasm and be more pragmatic about the price of a bitcoin, since we've now had a (very bitter) taste of what it is like when value runs amok and the dark cloud of "a correction" looms large on the horizon.
@_date: 2013-03-17 16:41:23
Let's not get ahead of ourselves people, 8 million in bids on the order book is only 1.5% of Bitcoin's current market cap. 
But that said, to see the bid's order book double in a month....
@_date: 2013-11-02 13:58:16
Came here to see a correction to blow stamps.
Was not disappointed.
@_date: 2013-09-12 14:02:22
[Delayed gratification]( on its own means economic stagnation will simply never happen. Even if 99% were saved and rarely used, Bitcoin would still be useful. Even as the April correction occurred every day there were more and more merchants announcing they were supporting Bitcoin payments. Merchants aren't simply accepting them because huge numbers of people use Bitcoins, they are accepting them because of the myriad other benefits too like, fast settlement, tiny fees, simplicity of integration, pseudonymity, no chargebacks, easy conversion to fiat via bitpay/BIPS/Walletbit etc. . None of these things are propped up by the fact that millions of people are using Bitcoins, they are benefits that stand on their own and are not in any way dependant on 1% of the population embracing Bitcoin, nor are they dependent on Bitcoin being worth a certain amount of money. This means that even though the price shoots up and down, it won't on it's own drive merchants away.
I agree though, using it is the best way to ensure Bitcoin grows, becomes more stable and more widely accepted. We're still in trainer-wheel mode ATM but when most things can be bought and sold in Bitcoin and we achieved that magical closed loop economy and people can work for, and live on bitcoins, then we are really going to see things take off. :) It's getting easier and easier to pay for things using bitcoins too. "Hoarding" having a detrimental effect on the Bitcoin economy though is just not plausable.
@_date: 2013-04-07 15:09:14
In America they tried to [outlaw the possession of gold]( because they feared hoarders would destroy the American economy, by causing artificial deflation since they were still on the gold standard, essentially "treason" as you imply Bitcoin falls into the same basket.
Didn't work. People still have it, people still use it, it's still sold and traded worldwide, regardless of what/how America thought on the matter.
@_date: 2013-11-09 02:16:47
Yep, feeling the same here. I went through the last two (!), and I'm sensing all the signs. I think it might be time for me to hide any links to bitcoin on my computer for the next week to two and simply sidestep the ride up, and down the other side. There's no doubt in my mind we're going to see some steep corrections in the coming weeks.
Sure it's great for Bitcoin in general, but it also seems to bring out people's ugly/stupid/greedy side.
@_date: 2013-10-30 10:46:37
Not sure if you are being sarcastic. But miners are indeed greedy, and they will act in a way that ensures they keep earning money. The beauty of open and free information is that these discussions can be thrashed out in the open and has the scrutiny of the entire world looking on. Sure propaganda will be (and already has been) used but only the truth will stand the test of time. We literally have years to discuss this and already a very clear way forward based on informed opinion is already materialising.
Just like jerks kept parroting "it's a ponzi/pyramid scheme", "it's a scam", " it's not money", etc. etc. in the early days, these very vocal minorities slowly have been drowned out by the overwhelming evidence that their protests were either grossly misinformed, or lies. 
The same thing will resolve when it comes to the block limit. Open and continued genuine discussion will reveal the truth, and out the liars, or fearmongers exaggerating the worst case scenarios.
@_date: 2013-11-13 09:40:19
Give it a couple of weeks after the price surge slows and the hyperbole diminishes, then you'll see actual bitcoin users come back out of the woodwork. We usually go to ground since we get inundated with silly memes, an influx of "investors", and are too busy trying to inform people about what the hell Bitcoin is, how to buy coins, secure their coins, and keep their wallets from getting hacked. What you've seen in the last month are the new users. They are not your typical Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2013-05-02 12:11:42
One could probably liken it to the quality of code used on the NASA [space shuttles that handled takeoff]( Their bug to codeline ratio was 1 bug every 420,000 lines. With a total of 17 bugs ever found over 11 versions.
Bitcoin's core code that handles the cryptography was 31,000 lines IIRC. There has been at least one bug that required a hard fork to fix, and several other small issues, so it can't really be said that it is quite up to the standard of NASA's quality, but that doesn't take into account that this was implemented by one person, never got properly tested before going live and has resisted the rigours of at least 4 years of hackers trying to crack the protocol and has come though to the other side. NASA probably spent hundreds of millions working on their code, spending years testing, debugging, and probably drove many developers to a premature nervous breakdown to ensure they had a perfectly working system before they even started using it. 
I'd say it really is extremely well made. People always gloss over the code and just focus on the "weaknesses" of Bitcoin like volatility, usability, and other trivial crap. I think it really needs to be drummed into people that code quality at this level, is so rare, and so amazingly thought out that pulling something like this off is simply unheard of. 
Edit: clarity, also, petertodd also adds some very valid criticisms.
@_date: 2013-04-07 16:29:23
[People have already been mulling this over, and it's already in a number of clients](
@_date: 2013-05-13 12:24:30
I'm not afraid. Hell I'm dead keen to see as many alts get churned out as possible, if it has promise they should start their own forums, subreddits etc. and if it can stand on it's own then why should it need to piggyback Bitcoin? The reason I think is that they *can't* stand on their own, but that doesn't miff me, it's that I go to for Bitcoin stuff, not the latest on the alt-currency block, thats what is for, any promotion of yet another alt in simply signifies to me yet another alt setting itself up for failure, but TBH the more early failures there are the sooner they will be weeded out, and the more it will drive users to Bitcoin. "what-ifs" regarding Bitcoin will be swiftly resolved when everyone realises that Bitcoin has staying power even in light of all the supposed competition.
It will resolve itself much like the massive influx of GNU/Linux alts. When GNU/Linux was beginning to show real promise as a competitive platform, every man and his dog wanted to make their own flavour. If anything it made the early distros stronger and eventually people realised they were wasting energy making cheap knockoffs for the sake of it and simply built off Debian to make their own flavour thus reducing duplication of effort. 
We're already seeing that with Bitcoin right now. and eventually people will stop bothering trying to make fetch happen with their own pet currency and settle on the most reliable, longlasting and reputable of the currencies.
With the exception of a critical, unfixable vulnerability, scaling hitting an unpassable ceiling, a competitor that has all the strengths of Bitcoin and none of it's drawbacks, or an international crackdown on Bitcoin usage, I think it is a safe bet that Bitcoin will be be the one that reaches the finish line.
Edit: clarification.
@_date: 2013-04-30 10:45:39
I agree with OP, I'm a huge fan of Bitcoin and I honestly believe it is going to be a huge thing in the next several years, but not even I'm going to say it is somehow going to be 100% accepted around the world.
People that think this seriously need to reel in their expectations, only a delusional person could conceive a world where Bitcoin is the only currency used world-wide bar none. Saying that Bitcoin *must* have 100% penetration to be successful and *must* be so robust technologically that it can withstand nuclear attack, asteroids, and gamma ray bursts is, frankly, childish.
It doesn't need to meet these criteria to be successful anyway, it is already successful and functioning pretty well for a variety of things right now. It doesn't need to replace gold, or fiat, or seashells, or whatever, in order to exist in the world of finance. Bitcoin also doesn't need to be all or nothing either in order for it exist, it could find a niche, hit a 50 billion market cap and happily sit there for the next decade doing what it does. This is also an acceptable outcome. If hardline Bitcoiners feel it needs to meet some ridiculous criteria in order for it to be considered an alternative currency, then I think they need to curb their enthusiasm.
I personally think Bitcoin will become huge, as in a viable competitor to visa/mastercad/paypal/western union huge. This is in itself enough to call it an alternative currency. Replacing the other country's currencies, or becoming a new reserve currency for the world, is far fetched and may even be impossible but maybe if Bitcoin manages to scale up in the future it could happen, but replacing the world's currencies, turning gold/silver to chunks of worthless metal etc. is just plain absurd.
@_date: 2013-03-20 08:28:42
If Hollywood can't dissuade use of torrents by criminalising usage, and the governments of the world can't stamp out illegal drug use by jailing users, producers, etc., then I think it's pretty safe to say Bitcoin is here to stay.
@_date: 2013-01-17 07:43:01
I agree, hell, even the Aug/Sep 2012 mini bubble shot up $8-$15 dollars in 7 days. In the last 3 days it has risen $0.60 . This is not unheard of and has happened a number of times in the last few months. Though I value the pessimism and caution (esp. considering how insanely Bullish the community has been in the past), I think people are a little bit TOO pessimistic this time.
When it rises a dollar a day, *then* we should definitely be worried :) .
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:33:02
How many American exchanges are there?
How many Chinese exchanges are there?
I'll let you do the counting.
@_date: 2013-12-22 10:01:34
Sorry, maybe it's because I've literally been hearing this same commentary from journalists and others for *years* (3+ years in fact). Every time Bitcoin completely smashes past their own limited imaginations, they continually move the goalposts and give this piecemeal, begrudged half committal that *maybe* Bitcoin will be the currency of the future.
Don't get me wrong though, there's nothing wrong with being impartial. Scepticism is an admirable trait and I'd never expect people to be black and white about embracing Bitcoin or not. People though seem to sell Bitcoin short because it has a few fundamental limitations even though it is lightyears ahead in 90% of cases compared to any other money. The remaining 10% in most cases are extreme outlier scenarios, minor, or simply a side effect of Bitcoin's adoption still being small. If there's going to be a Bitcoin-killer, it will need to be as revolutionary as Bitcoin is compared to good old fiat to be capable of knocking Bitcoin off it's perch. Not saying it will never happen, but making it a case that it will happen in the next decade or two is foolish. If they are undecided they should straight out say so, not this one foot on each side of the fence waffle.
I just hate two-faced adopters that simply want to be able to be on the winning side regardless of the outcome.
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:15:15
Karma decay says otherwise. Care to link to the post?
@_date: 2013-12-19 09:52:04
Have they implemented Midas yet?
It bothers me that there is exactly zero news on that front.
@_date: 2013-09-19 14:34:42
Absolutely, I've read here and elsewhere that BFL have almost certainly violated paypal's TOS regarding the terms of delivery. Tracking number or not. keo604, don't think for a second that BFL have any way of wrangling out of that, Paypal will very likely side with you anyway (and even if they don't your order is *supposedly* on it's way, no way thats doing a u-turn if it's in transit). Simply follow through on the refund and refuse to accept the delivery when the package arrives (if it arrives).
Even now you have a much better chance of getting your money back than you do of receiving your order.
@_date: 2013-11-22 08:06:31
Wikipedia accepts donations from dictatorships, hasn't negatively affected their image.
Dr Bronner soap's reasons make about as much sense as saying they won't accept Bitcoin because the orange colour of the "Bitcoin Accepted Here" logo clashes with the colour of their soap.
@_date: 2013-11-09 18:19:48


Exactly, reputation, IOW *consensus*. Get lots of people from different places recommending it or verifying it works, and you have at least *something* approaching a verifiable piece of code.


Tinfoil hat aside, I agree entirely, which is why I'd never use bitaddress.org's code directly from their website. There is no knowing when/if the site get's hijacked and the RNG portion got seeded with an attacker's seed so he can scoop every user's generated key thereafter, just like what happened with the blockchain app's RNG flaw, thanks to Google.
**DON'T USE BITADDRESS.ORG'S CODE UNLESS YOU UNDERSTAND THE CODE YOU ARE RUNNING**
Use software that is signed, has a good rep, and has been around a while. Bitaddress.org and public/private key generation is for experienced users.
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:45:54
I don't think it is necessarily the market cap, more liquidity (though that is reflected in the market cap in many ways). 
My very unprofessional guess is when a couple big nations give clear legal footing (sweden, coatia, honduras, america, china seem to be in the very early stages), and several banks give very clear green signals regarding their stance on Bitcoin, then we'll be ushering in the first stages towards stability. Other forms of liquidity would likely do the same like the bitcoin ETF, more payment processors, lots more ATMs, more exchanges in many more countries, etc.
At the end of the day, liquidity IMO is what is necessary to start smoothing out the current and past volatility. It's happening slowly, but I think we'll need a year or two more before volatility stops becoming a headline.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:20:18


I know exactly what a worthy competitor looks like. I watched Litecoin in the early days, I saw the frenzy of despondent CPU miners flock to litecoin as their goto since mining was dominated by GPUs. They weren't in it to make a worthy competitor, they were in it for the money and felt they had somehow missed the boat. And this was even before the software had been released and the litecoin blockchain got kicked off. It was a sad case of many people seeing litecoin as a currency that protected their precious cpu mining capability, and that was it. I read up on it, considered it's "advantages" and was thoroughly turned off when I discovered the best it offered was a different hashing function and faster block intervals. That is not innovation. I discarded it. About several months later, I got interested again, realised it had nothing to offer that was better than bitcoin and discarded it again. Then the third and final time, I checked it out some months later when GPUs became all the rage, realised how utterly useless the protocol was compared to Bitcoin and never looked back. 
I'm not interested in a pump/dump that is years behind Bitcoin's progress. It is a protocol formed for disingenuous motives with no innovative function whatsoever.


I expect innovation, because innovation is valuable, does it save more money for miners/merchants/users? Does it avoid storing an increasing blockchain so miners are not burdened to store it? Does it make it faster/safer/easier to use than Bitcoin, like having the transaction security in realtime as opposed to the equivalent security of waiting a hour with the Bitcoin protocol.
These are sound financial motives. I'm not talking about greedy eyes watching a goddamn ticker on the price/LTC.


Sour grapes eh, didn't get in early? You're motives and agenda are pretty transparent you know. 


You fail to even make a sound analogy. If we want to compare Bitcoin and Litecoin, compare it to Qwerty keyboards and "the rest".
Who came out on top?
@_date: 2013-11-25 02:55:39
Now all we need to do is get 1 in 10 people obsessed about Bitcoin and the avalanche of adoption will follow.
*evil grin* Eeeeeverything is proceeding nicely. Don't you agree Mr. Bigglesworth (cue evil laugh).
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:51:30
He uses coinbase according to him. That's not real usage, that is usage by proxy, and he's going to eventually get burnt.
@_date: 2013-04-07 18:00:09
I'd much prefer dull and uneventful, so I can get some damn work done. The Bitcoin price has decimated my current work ethic. 
Unfortunately the free market is a damn honeybadger atm.
@_date: 2013-11-17 15:20:31
True, true.
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:55:51
gyft, bitsumo, all4btc, bitpay, snapcard.
No, there are no "shots fired", it is simply you beating a pan with a wooden spoon.
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:34:18
No no, not "crash", "correct". :P
@_date: 2013-11-05 09:44:19
Many a sphincter was puckering at that time XD
I'm sure for some it was a whiteknuckle ride, both up, and down. The week previous to the elevator drop in price and the week after, was going nuts. 
Those were interesting times.
@_date: 2013-01-12 15:08:19
and skittles....
@_date: 2013-09-07 15:14:15
I would say they are hardly dead, but lets just say the peleton is very quickly catching up to them.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:17:43
Cool :) unfortunately with all the trolls and nutjobs, many people are quite literal when they say such things.
@_date: 2013-11-24 12:01:13
Armory is an excellent deterministic wallet IMO, so there's that.
@_date: 2013-01-22 06:59:37
I agree, never under any circumstances should "command line" and "easy" exist in the same sentence when it comes to regular software users. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:25:51
Bottom line, we need both and lots of implementations of both in myriad countries, and both can easily co-exist since they fit the needs of both big, and small businesses.
@_date: 2013-02-01 03:35:06
Regardless of whether it is $100 or $10,000 never invest more than you are willing to lose. This is the safest and most sane route. Think about how much you feel you want to invest, then imagine having it vanish, if it's just going to piss you off a bit and leave a bad taste in your mouth for a couple of days, I'd say your investment is at an acceptable level of risk. 
However, if losing that investment means you're going to piss off other people, lead to embarrasment/humiliation of your peers or leave you wanting to break things upon the realisation you're just lost 2 years of savings, it might be wise to reassess how much you are risking.
To predict the market is folly, esp. for the less experienced, the only thing we can really control is the amount being risked. Don't let greed get the better of you, and always be patient, sleep on decisions you make, don't panic buy/sell. Dollar cost averaging is a nice middle road (buying small amounts over a long period of time reduces the potential for buying when the price is high) if you want to play it safe and are more concerned with minimising potential losses rather than making large gains.
@_date: 2013-02-26 16:51:35
Thanks! I was actually searching for info on the June 2011 high.
@_date: 2013-11-15 15:28:42
I agree steps need to be taken, and there's lots of options on the table, if they are even necessary, I'm more referring to the open vitriol here being aimed at the guys working on this misguided venture. It's simply not constructive.
@_date: 2013-02-03 13:38:13
We are still very much in pioneer territory I'm afraid. It will continue to have these fluctuations in value until it's used by at least 10 times as many people as it is now. Just so you know, most people don't just get enthusiastic about the price because it increases the value of their coins slightly, they (me included) get excited because higher value means less fluctuations and much steadier growth, and that is slowly happening. Even with it's volatility, it is still very useful as a way of transferring value, its just more risky to hold coins for longer periods as there is the possibility the coins will lose some of their value due to said fluctuations.
FYI, it hasn't been as bad as you say, in 2012 there was a solid period of nearly 6 months where the price barely moved from $5.15-$5.30, and there was lots of mony moving through the exchanges too.
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:06:31
Indeed, bubbles crash below their initial value and never recover (or at least take years to, if they ever do).
After the rise from several cents to 32 USD, it plunged to 1.90 USD, it never saw values of several cents again. After the rise from 10.50 USD to 266 USD it fell to at it's worst, 60 USD, we never saw valuations of 10.50 USD again. After being around 100-120 USD we are back to 266 USD. Right now, even if it fell 50% it would still be above 120 USD where it was stable for months, and we'd still have a stronger Bitcoin economy and infrastructure compared to 6 months ago.
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:03:25
Though we disagree, it was a nice chat at the very least. Some people when confronted with opposing views act like abusive dicks, thanks for not being like one of those :)
@_date: 2013-11-05 14:19:16
This is true, Bitcoin is not yet ready for everyone, which is why I said she should wait 3-5 years since she expects the Bitcoin system to be perfectly greased and handed to her on a platter. I also point out that Bitcoin is far more usable compared to a year ago. This is because people have reached out of their comfort zone to learn how use Bitcoin, take a risk with their money in order to experiment with something revolutionary, as well as take tangible steps to make Bitcoin easier to use. Bitcoin will become even more successful because of these early users and this is already obvious over the last few years.
I think "average people" is inappropriate in this context, instead Bitcoin is not ready for the risk-averse. Average people (at least those willing to step out of their comfort zone) can, and do use Bitcoin with no trouble right now, the risk-averse however should probably stay on the fence for at least the next few years.
What's more I'm totally ok with that. No-one should use Bitcoin if they feel uncomfortable with using it. But the fact of the matter is, if you can use a smartphone, then there is a good chance you will be able to send and receive bitcoins after reading a few primers on the technology.
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:32:57
It comes down to the fact that Bitcoin is the only one that requires adoption for merchants and others to take advantage of cryptocurrencies. This means adoption of others will slow, stall and likely shrink after the initial honeymoon is over.
Why do I say this? Because Bitcoin/Altcoin exchange is incredibly frictionless, such that once merchants accept Bitcoin, they are essentially accepting all altcoins. All one needs to do to transact altcoins with any merchant accepting Bitcoins is to go to a Bitcoin/altcoin exchange, exchange away and then transact using Bitcoin as their proxy. Bitcoin will be a value blackhole for altcoins since there is no driving need for merchants and other businesses to jump on any altcoin wagon to enjoy the benefits of using a cryptocurrency.
The benefits of altcoins compared to Bitcoin is vanishingly low, and merchants/users will be far less inclined to deal with more than one cryptocurrency unless there are huge advantages over using Bitcoin.
Ironically, I see Mt Gox planning to accept LTC is going to accelerate value from LTC to Bitcoin since it will be that much more frictionless.
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:14:40


I refer you to a previous comment regarding Bitcoin and growth.  . This is why I believe in Bitcoin, not just it's protocol, but also it's design as a tool that can grow over time. It is not a toy currency, it has the design that makes it a serious contender in the payment space and maybe even beyond. This is why people keep coming back to it, they think it's dead, but then it continues to scale up, without needing huge changes in infrastructure. It scales very well, even as a decentralised currency.


It works, look at the advantages of bitcoin, frictionless, borderless, fast, unfreezable, unseizable, transparent, requires no bank account to transact online. It also is a dream for online merchants, cheaper transaction costs, easy to adopt, etc.etc.etc.
It is a no brainer for merchants to accept Bitcoin and for lesser developed countries it is a dream come true. 


Read satoshi's whitepaper at Bitcoin.org. That is when I got my Aha moment, maybe you will too.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:04:48
Yeah, shutting down an exchange is a pretty shitty idea and dangerously arbitrary, but all the exchanges need some kind of fallback. I guess the only real thing for it is more exchanges, more depth, more ways of shorting etc.
@_date: 2013-10-14 07:49:56
I think it may actually be the opposite. It took a huge amount of effort to get initial adoption of Bitcoin moving. Even now, only a *tiny* amount of money is transferred via Bitcoin and that tiny amount is only used by a tiny number of the population in the developed world. We're talking fractions of fractions of a percent right now. This coupled with very low liquidity in the markets and movement of wealth to/from Bitcoin being very clunky at best. I frankly believe value is moving into Bitcoin economy at a trickle.
Now, if banks were given a legislative framework to work within that essentially greenlights Bitcoin activity, the Winklevoss ETF gets off the ground, Mt Gox et al. get their shit together with banks to allow better transfers, as well as a raft of other improvements not just to liquidity but also usability and security, that trickle will be a flood as it becomes effortless to move to/from Bitcoin, as well as use Bitcoin easily and safely.
We are still very firmly in the innovator phase, and as things are now, Bitcoin's future is still looking very rosy. If you can't tell yet I'm VERY bullish :P.
Back in the day when the first spike from 1-32 occurred I also thought we'd taken the low hanging fruit and it would take a number of years before we ever hit $50. But the thing is that there are a myriad of causes for the price to rise. The surge from 1-32 was pure enthusiasm as people finally were able to get liquidity via Dwolla on Mt Gox. The second surge was ASICS (and maybe Cyprus but I still doubt that). The third surge could be caused by any number of things. Maybe it will be ASICs again as we move to more efficient chips, maybe it will be the announcement by Edan Yago of a Bitcoin friendly trading zone, maybe the US and it's imminent default causes a panic, perhaps Bitcoin-qt 0.9 will enable a slew of sites to seamlessly integrate Bitcoin into their sites, maybe Trezor will prompt a slew of new users to pick up Bitcoin and use it with confidence. 
TBH there is a huge number of events that will spur greater confidence in using Bitcoin. Even with the very significant downward pressure by banks and governments to regulate Bitcoin out of existence, it continues to survive, adapt, and improve by leaps and bounds. I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that Bitcoin will be around 500-1000 USD/BTC by sometime next year. At a minimum it would only have to triple to reach that and the last spike saw it go from 10 to 150 currently, so thats a factor of 15. 
This is doubly likely since the only way to move more value into Bitcoin is to increase the market cap, once the majority of coins are distributed this will be even more compounded, in five or so years over 3/4 of the entire supply will be in the system. Even if adoption slows or remains steady, the price will still have to go up since there is less new coins entering the system. Only until the population has enough coins for their needs or the system can no longer scale well will the price begin to level out.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:37:51
Absolutely, describing sellers as weak hands is about as far as I go with regards to negatively describing sellers, but it cuts both ways, there are just as many emotional buyers too. At this stage of Bitcoin's uptake we just have to sit tight and ride out the emotional dumpers, and the manipulators.
@_date: 2013-02-21 11:32:31
Well the guy is endorsing eugenics. He literally says "I am only in favor of preventing people from having children", those people he is referring to being the poor. In his defense he says as way of a disclaimer "Yet, if I suggest that unfit parents should not be allowed to make babies, I'm suddenly Hitler."
Fun fact, [Hitler was an avid fan of Eugenics and incorporated it into his vision for Germany so he could remove "defectives"](
I think that is more than enough reason to call him a jerk. I'd probably call him a few other things too....
@_date: 2013-12-09 14:18:30
Been here since 2011, compared to the real early days, this is actually tame in comparison. Back in 2011 when it went to 32 and back to 2 I had serious doubts it would recover, but the patterns are becoming much clearer, each spike and subsequent dip is less severe compared to the previous times. 
Spikes are fun, and dips simply don't bother me now, sure it went down, but it has consistently found a higher floor. Besides that I always check the fundamentals, like:
* Is there a critical flaw in the Bitcoin protocol or is the Bitcoin being successfully attacked somehow? If no, everything is OK.
* Are yet more new people still accepting Bitcoin even when the current volatility looks bad? If yes, everything is OK.
* Has a major world leading, government or very powerful organisation declared they are hell bent on eradicating Bitcoin? If no, everything is OK.
* Have we just had a huge spike? If so a correction will likely follow, so no need to panic the economy is simply growing. If yes, everything will be OK eventually.
These are my gotos when the price bounces around, if none of these things are likely, it is just people buying/selling/being irrational etc.
Unfortunately WAY too many people pay attention to and take seriously all the headlines in the media. As with china, the sensational headlines struck fear in the inexperienced and over invested. That's not to say it won't go up and down some more, but it's pretty certain in my mind it won't be going down and staying down. Bitcoin is just too damn useful.
@_date: 2013-11-13 17:19:24
I agree, competitive currencies is far better, but to reply to OP, litecoin et al. are hardly competitors, most are simply very bad copies. It may take several years before a truly innovative competitor to Bitcoin arrives.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:17:03
Even if they try to kill off every USD based enterprise connected to Bitcoin, I think it has just too many havens in other countries for it to simply wither away now. At the very least the future is going to be interesting.
@_date: 2013-03-20 11:54:15
Initially I thought litecoin was a good idea but it actually is a far weaker currency. One particular reason is it was spawned from a social equality bent rather than for any innovative purpose. Another is it uses an algorithm that is better performed on CPUs. I think this actually is far worse than Bitcoin's sha256 algorithm that requires no memory to calculate hashes since it has spawned specialised hardwareas a result. An algorithm that is better suited for CPUs won't necessarily facillitate specialised hardware so, supercomputers, botnets and other malicious organisations will be better placed to exploit the network without needing to go to any great lengths. ASIS in Australia is even pushing legislation to hijack machines to fight crime, they could very easily use this premise to hijack any number of computers to attack the litecoin network too.
Litecoin is flawed in more ways than one, and yes, I think Bitcoin is better ;)
@_date: 2013-04-06 06:03:56
Bitcoin was never intended to function as a POS network, as Satoshi once noted "instant non-repudiation is not a feature in Bitcoin", and Litecoin's "solution" is actually worse for what it touts it is better at doing. Faster block propagation actually makes it worse for massive amounts of transactions that create much larger blocks since it be impossible to propagate a large block over 2 minutes compared to the same size block over 10 minutes. 
At the very least, trusted addresses, AKA green addresses helps lessen the confirmation/potential doublespend problem without shortening the propagation window. 
Litecoin is a solution in search of a problem and was never meant to be innovative. It was spawned into existence for purely selfserving and contrived reasons IMO.
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:33:12
Considering any American business would have immediately converted the Japanese yen loaded on the mastercard to usd, yes, the buyer *did* pay with Japanese yen. 
I've done this with my CC when I buy something in AUD on an American site, they convert it immediately to USD. I still bought with AUD, my AUD was not worthless or unwanted, it's just that the seller only handled USD so the intermediary had to convert it first.
Just like any other transaction made in the world today, the guy bought his tesla with Bitcoins, the seller converted it to a more manageable currency via an intermediary. 
Big whoop.
@_date: 2013-04-08 11:31:17
Said almost exactly the same thing a [little while ago]( don't worry, I'm already changing my ways ;).
@_date: 2013-11-17 08:44:16
As Apatomoose pointed out, this happens in all areas of business. Stealing existing terms to capture adoption is incredibly common, and not just businesses, organisations, sports teams, social movements  eg. "occupy wall street", "anonymous" etc. leverage labels that relate to them to draw people's attention. By extension, any company, organisation etc. that included Bitcoin in their title is also leveraging knowlege of Bitcoin to draw people's attention, like "The Bitcoin Foundation".
Are you going to get angry at the chinese company "ASIC Miner" when someone searches for an asic miner on google, and the first results are the company rather than a selection of different sites that sell the hardware? (I actually punched that into google and lo and behold the REAL scam site BFL was top of the list, so it really doesn't matter what the name is, scam sites can trump common terms regardless)
It sucks in some ways, but this is how business works the world over. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 15:56:58




Bitcoin is deemed legal in myriad countries already. It is a nobrainer that ATMs will roll out, or do you know of some legal caveat that will put the kibosh on that? Are you a lawyer? Can you say with certainty that what I have stated will not eventually come to pass? I also never said that taxes would not affect the rolling out of ATMs, nor would they not be applicable. You are jumping the gun and making blanket assumptions. 
It should be blindingly obvious, even to you, that countries will handle ATMs, taxes, etc. in their own way, such that some will pass by the opportunity to innovate and choke on their own oppressive legislation, and others will seize the opportunity to capitalise on the chance to let money flow more easily for their benefit.
You lack the vision to understand that Bitcoin takes out the middleman and people *want* this. What's more governments around the world are set to gain from this handsomely if they find ways to make it happen. Do you honestly think 3rd world countries are going to stop money moving *into* their borders via Bitcoins? Do you think 1st world countries are going to want to pass up the opportunity to increase commerce for businesses registered in their country that handle bitcoins? Ie. exchanges that are connected to those ATMs?
@_date: 2013-03-03 06:27:55
wow, I've followed Bitcoin for a long time but I never fully realised that some of these things were already possible.
* Lock times, a transaction that is only spendable after a certain period. Ie. assigning coins that can only be transferred after a certain time (according to the current block number I assume)
* "Pledge" transactions kickstarter style where all the "pledged" transactions can only become valid once the collective total reaches a certain threshold.
* Complete mediation of loans via Bitcoin.
Mother of god.....
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:00:50
You should have seen the shitstorm when it moved from $5 to $8, in 2011, people were going crazy.
^^^I'm ^^^serious.
@_date: 2013-07-03 17:00:47
Being able to exchange Bitcoins for USD is vital to move value around the bitcoin economy, because Mt Gox has no USD bank account currently and because a vast amount of the volume moves through Mt Gox via USD it is really no surprise to anyone here that the price is slowly falling. I'm not panicking, why should I? Once Mt Gox gets reconnected to a bank, and we have some reliable USD liquidity those problems go away and the price will stabilise then in all likelihood rise to 100+ levels again.
Unfortunately Mt Gox is a bottleneck when it comes to businesses using Bitcoins because even Bitcoin's economy still needs a ways to go before it can function without other currencies as a crutch. Additionally bitpay still funnels value out via exchanges and until businesses actually get serious and start offering Bitcoin as payment for employees, and employees start taking them up on that offer, this will remain a problem. Also don't forget the block reward adds ~3600 BTC/day to the overall total, slowly inflating the currency... noone gets to turn off the minting new currency tap off when things slow down.
Hopefully the other exchanges will have a chance to step up and share the load, as it really should be. Mt Gox is a single point of failure that really shouldn't be there.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:08:28
Bitcoin is not a company, it is infrastructure. It is the equivalent of the internet's ipv4.
@_date: 2013-12-08 14:08:38
You are trying to fit a square peg into a round hole when you try to compare Bitcoin and ordinary fiat as identical currency systems. One of the critical flaws in your comparison of Bitcoin's eventual deflationary effects and traditional fiat's deflationary effects is the entrenchment of banks. Bitcoin, is it's own bank, and does not need loans in order to drive growth, it simply gives every user an incentive to drive growth by passing to every Bitcoin holder an increase in value as it becomes more used and more popular. Deflation is only really disastrous when applied to debt money because debt money *requires* bank loans to pay off existing debts. If deflationary effects hit in a debt based financial system, the loans become impossible to pay back and the only thing stimulating growth is more loans. When the loans dry up, businesses default, fail, job losses skyrocket etc.
Bitcoin is not based on debt, and it's value is derived by natural, unenforced economic growth based on supply and demand, *not* bank loans. This doesn't mean loans can't exist down the line, it simply means they will either be denominated in debt based currencies, or if Bitcoin denominated, probably short term, tiny interest, and low risk.
Also FYI, inflation is used to capture growth so that the economic benefits get to be utilised by governments/banks first, rather than the value of the currency rising, and this extra money printing, surprise, surprise, comes in the form of bank loans. Bitcoin's growth goes straight into the currency itself and bypasses any money printing that governments/banks do to try and take advantage of the growing economy, (growing economies also means more taxes for governments after all, thus the huge emphasis on consumerism), hence why Bitcoin has such huge divisibility, this is literally there so that Bitcoin's value can continue to grow without needing new money to enter the system (It's actually pretty genius). Modern economies are a farce, an antiquated form of warmongering and tax collecting that was needed back in the days when countries were still trying to obliterate each other, both through funding wars, and out growing each other economically, the existing system is rigged for growth like stuffing someone with steroids, sure it's dangerous and causes long term damage if sustained over time, but the growth is *fast* and *easy*, governments and banks, literally throw money at the problem, and have a lot of control on what and how an economy grows. If this were done only occasionally and when in great need we wouldn't have the problems of today but unfortunately it's much the opposite. Instead with Bitcoin, the benefits of growth are evenly and fairly apportioned to every person that made the economy successful when utilising it, and it is a natural, spontaneous, undirected growth. Governments/banks *hate* not having control, which is why governments print money, and reign in growth, while banks make obscene profits by forcing the people to use loans as the currency slowly devalues.
So, what happens when nearly all the coins are mined and coin loss occurs? Nothing much, the value increase will be very slow since demand and supply will have evened out, hopefully by that time Bitcoin will have reached saturation. If Bitcoin lasts beyond the point where almost all the new coins have been mined then it will have outlasted the vast majority of past and current currencies. Loans at this stage, like traditional bank loans will be far more stable and longer term, but the key is banks will not be able to leverage loans to create more loans. That corrupt business practice will be unsustainable and impossible with Bitcoin. Instead banks will loan within their means, be more prudent about with who, and what the loans are for, and this will mean that economies can grow without banks playing an intimate part in that growth. Something that has only been around for the last hundred years. Getting banks OUT of the growth cycle will be incredibly healthy for growth, and result in a far more stable economy for all concerned.
If you are still not convinced, watch this video on all the countries and how inflation's toxic effects, even for those that thought they were doing the right thing, systematically destroyed these economies.
Edit: I should also answer your concerns in the OP too. Bitcoin is a free market, not a hive mind, there will always be people buying and selling and supply/demand will increase as the value increases. The value of Bitcoins simply can't go up unless more people buy and sell it though, your unfounded claims that less people are buying/selling is simply false and baseless. And people buy and sell it because is serves as an excellent means of value transfer, like remittence etc., over time it will also serve as a good store of value, so yes people will save with it, this is not a heinous crime or illegal, whats more since the value will slowly go up over time it means they will be able to buy the things they want sooner, thus further stimulating Bitcoin's economic growth. As growth slows large holders *will* sell, it's simply inevitable, and when they do, they will likely scatter that money to many different hands, making it far, far harder to move the market in the future. Remember, people that hold the currency have absolutely no guarantees that Bitcoin's value will go up, it is still a hugely risky investment (as the last couple of days have shown). Can you imagine many people right now sitting on millions of dollars in Bitcoins and not think they are utterly insane? Anyone with large holdings right now have most likely sold, have forgotten about them, or are already rich and can afford the risk.
@_date: 2013-09-13 11:12:22
Funny how you ignore all of my counter arguments and go straight to ad hominem replies. FYI ad hominem means attacking the person rather than the idea.
Build a case for why I'm wrong then I'll consider taking you seriously again.
@_date: 2013-02-19 18:56:44
wooooottt!!!! ;)
@_date: 2013-09-23 09:54:58
DPR or someone like him could reap significant rewards from running BTC-TC on TOR. I wouldn't be surprised if some people approach burnside to acquire the site and IP. The only problem then would be re-establishing a good reputation to assure their bitcoins aren't going to be stolen like so many other tor sites have done in the past.
@_date: 2013-04-04 07:21:27
Bitcoin IMO is sound security-wise, concept-wise, and economic-model-wise. The code still needs to be more thoroughly vetted for potential bugs (the accidental hard fork weeks ago being a case in point), and there is still work needed to make sure it scales as demand increases, and there are also many advanced functionalities of the Bitcoin system that are yet to be implemented, but these things are being worked on by very smart, invested, and dedicated people.
The toughest part is convincing people that it works and that it is sustainable in the long term, use-wise and value-wise. Though the value is determined by the free market, it is still very young and volatile (and still subject to manipulation). Sometimes it's not good enough that you have a brilliant invention, people have to *want* to use it too. Bitcoin has come at an opportune time where the existing financial system is in turmoil and Bitcoin has been around long enough and developed a large enough userbase that it is becoming an appealing option for many in the worldwide general public.
I personally believe that Bitcoin (and not a copycat Bitcoin like currency either) is going to do to finance what the internet did for communication, but there is no guarantee it will become the next big thing, it needs people to use it, and find it useful. 
Luckily unrest is high, Bitcoin's design and code is well written, and there are lots of passionate people flocking to Bitcoin since the alternative is more of the same, and people are sick of it (I know I am). So yeah, it may really happen.
@_date: 2013-05-14 16:05:44
Sorry, getting my wires crossed, I was getting the feeling that a number of people connect super-human security with hard, unattainable, and only for the privileged. OP connected "tech-noobs" to being those that are not in a position to use "super-human wallet security", even though I think tech noobs, with Armory in hand, are hardly going to be incapable of taking advantage of the highest wallet security.
I was saying I disagree because I don't consider super-human wallet security to be unattainable, hard, or requiring a great deal of knowledge. Armory is good for any person that is moderately computer lilliterate IMO. 
Super-human security I guess to me implied you had to be special or privileged to attain it. It is a rather vague definition OP has used, thus the confusion on what the meaning implied. 
I also use Armory, and it is dead easy to use, incredibly secure, and bloody awesome! :)
@_date: 2013-12-22 12:03:33
Once there are several hundred Bitcoin ATM/kiosks around the world, which will probably manifest next year. WU is going to be pretty much out of a job.
For those that think it's not going to happen, even a friend of mine working in Canada who wanted to send money home to Australia was asking me whether it was possible. He asked me for advice on using Bitcoins to get round the costs, and suffice it to say, with Canada's bitcoin-friendliness and coinjar.io if was almost too straightforward to remit money home at a fraction of the cost, time and effort.
Now that's what's happening with *one* ATM in one country. The untapped demand must be huge if people are prepared to go out of their way to use Bitcoin even at this early stage.
Get a couple dozen ATMs sprinkled round the world and Bitcoin will very firmly be crashing the remittance party.
@_date: 2013-03-09 14:43:54
Bitcoin buyers (left) are losing momentum, they're happy to wait out sellers and general demand is starting to peter off, and sellers (right) are keen to sell at the current price. The price is stabilising, and the rally has effectively broken for the time being because of the high volume of Bitcoin sellers are willing to part with. Though the price may rise short term, we're gonna see some back and forth now with the price.
This could all be different tomorrow though.
@_date: 2013-03-02 15:08:37
You still shouldn't snort disolved pocari sweat though, you're meant to drink it! ;P
@_date: 2013-11-06 12:04:57
I personally don't like to make excuses for other people's behaviour, they are journalists, professionals by and large, and I think they were more than happy to kick and laugh at Bitcoin and the users that helped make it successful. I kept a bunch of articles that were published very soon after the price plummeted, April 1st-10th or thereabouts. These were all sourced from as well so we as a community were more than willing to submit not just the good news, but also acknowledge the bad.
The articles are from various sites, mostly mainstream sites. The general tone was from what I could tell mostly derisive opinion pieces, rather than any kind of sincere reporting on how/what/why the price fell. Now to be fair some of these are very impartial and are quite level handed, but most are pretty much putting the boot in, name-calling, and more than willing to tear down Bitcoin, and lord it over it's adopters. 
I specifically saved as many of these as I could because I knew there would likely come a day when their shitty behaviour should be aired for posterity, it makes for interesting reading, enjoy:
* ["The bitcoin bubble is about to wipe out some very gullible nerds," CNBC's John Carney tweeted Wednesday. Another Twitter user described Bitcoins as 21st-century tulip bulbs."]( )
* [Bitcoin boom: 'breakthrough moment' or billion-dollar bubble?](
* [Confused about Bitcoin? It's 'the Harlem Shake of currency'](
* [I'm Raising My Bitcoin Price Target To $400, just kidding](
* [Bitcoin Is The Perfect Asset Bubble -- Prices Could Go Vastly Higher From Here](
* [Bitcoin Euphoria. "Exaggerated technical innovation, extreme financial brevity and the association of intelligence with financial gains have accompanied almost all speculative episodes in financial history. These patterns are clearly repeating themselves before our very eyes leading to the strong conclusion that Bitcoin’s recent rise is entirely speculative. Exactly how long the bubble will take to burst is difficult to estimate but when it does the community can be sure that the consequences will be disastrous.To echo the sentiment shared by John Galbraith, Fools, as it has long been said, are indeed separated, soon or eventually, from their money."](
* [The Bitcoin Bubble and the Future of Currency](
* [Four Reasons You Shouldn't Buy Bitcoins](
* [Bitcoin bubble grows and grows](
* [Bitcoin: More ideology than trustworthy currency](
* [Sorry, Libertarians, History Shows Bitcoin Isn't the Future](
* ["Dumb-as-a-post Bitcoin-mining malware has appeared – bringing further proof that the virtual currency's hyperbolic trajectory is attracting the sort of late-to-the-party shady speculator that telegraphs a jarring fall."](
* ['Bitcoin is clearly a bubble'](
* [Be very afraid](
* [The 21st Century Gold Standard: Bitcoin!](
* [Bitcoin: Buyer Beware, This Is A Classic Bubble And Possible Fraud](
* [Bitcoin: This Time Ain’t Different](
* [Six Things That Could Cause Bitcoin Prices To Crash](
@_date: 2013-01-24 16:42:34
Theres a good chance you've been hacked via keylogging, malware or something else. Move any remaining funds you have on your machines/devices to cold storage immediately, stop using any wallets/addresses linked to the machine/machines you've been using and thoroughly wipe/check the machines you have used. Cold storage is pretty much the only way to keep your funds safe from digital attack. Check out [armory]( for a start.
@_date: 2013-11-17 11:17:04


$100,000 !?!??
NEVER! ;P
Truth be told, even I thought $500 was at least a year away :/, China really has caused a stampede as if there was a firesale on Bitcoins, lets hope the opposite doesn't happen and they stampede for the exits next...
@_date: 2013-05-09 17:44:19
If you had some casascius coins on hand (which I in fact do in case of emergency or to show off, well, mainly just to showoff...), you could try settling part/all the transaction using that and work out the change some other way. not saying its perfect but it is definitely an option of transmitting a bitcoin to another person and settling the transaction without using any electricity.
@_date: 2013-03-06 17:03:58
damnit man! D:
I'm sorry for you, but I'm also angry at you. 5k(!) \o/ even factoring out their current value that was still $300(!) at the time. Ironic that I should be concerned about someone else's lost coins since all ours rose slightly in value as a result, but, goddamnit! 
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:08:16
Depends, the free market is still incredibly small when it comes to Bitcoin. Expect volatility, only as many more Bitcoin adopters start buying, and using the currency will we get a better idea of the value of a Bitcoin. Because we have a limited supply, the only thing that can accommodate value is through a price rise. 
This is not monetization from one currency to another, it is monetization of a currency that has zero value to a currency that has a value everyone agrees on. We are still in the very early stages of this discovery. I think another reason is that many people are using Bitcoin as a saving vehicle, and are using it to transact, rather than Bitcoin holders simply transferring their value out to another currency. 
IMO it is a sign Bitcoin is becoming popular. You know how when you are one of those guys that finds a band that you think is really cool, they've struggled for a few years, make really good songs, but they only really resonate with certain groups? Then they get more exposure, and people that weren't really looking for them begin to realise that they like their music too. That is what is probably happening to Bitcoin right now.
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:23:32
Scarce in the sense that eventually no new coins will be added to the Bitcoin economy. But they are plentiful in the sense that their divisibility means that adding new coins in the future is not necessary to ensure people have enough money to transact with. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 11:01:56
It is also said repeatedly ad nauseum here, never buy Bitcoins with a credit card or paypal.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:33:31
GG Dave.
Cracks your wallet.
Doesn't steal your coins.
@_date: 2013-07-03 01:38:56


Yes you can. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 12:51:39
Damnit! don't spoil it for us!
[I want to believe!](
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:38:47
There's one thing you're missing here, Bitcoin *can't* inflate. It has a hard limit on coins in the network, so regardless of whether a pizza shop *demands* 0.25BTC for his pizza, the exchange's supply/demand will be saying "nope, there's half as many Bitcoins available now since the FED has pumped twice the amount of USD into the world's economy". Supply will be choked since the Rate of Bitcoins introduced into the system will not inflate to meet the extra dollars trying to buy coins at the same prices as before the hyperinflation. The people buying the coins will have to pay more USD to get the same number of coins, so if the price is pegged to the USD, which is usually tried to the exchange rate, the pizza guy will have to accept that he will get less BTC. If he tries to peg it to the BTC he is likely to become uncompetitive since the USD comparatively will be higher according to the exchange and since most people still use USD. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:40:23
I actually *want* negative press, not because it makes Bitcoin look bad, but because it helps to level out the irrational exuberance and hype. I really didn't like the fact that so much money was being used to buy Bitcoin so quickly. I still think Bitcoin is still worth far more than it is now, but without the infrastructure to support more transactions, business adoption, and such, it is completely unjustified. 
Technologically absolutely nothing has changed compared to yesterday, MtGox, as we know now should not be relied upon as the sole arbiter of the value of Bitcoin, and ironically, the price tanked because there was an explosion of new users and the false positives of lag caused a panic (fascinating to see the psychology of traders ;) ). So really I do not expect that the press will bother since if they want to be accurate they'll need to report that the crash was caused by HUGE demand, and not a bubble that they continually opine about.
These events help educate newcomers and provide cautionary tales, and allows us to learn from past mistakes and fix them. 
Also, since it obviously hasn't been drilled enough, never risk more than you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-03-08 01:45:47
Sorry, somewhat obscure Star Wars reference. :)
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:29:45
Unfortunately people refuse to listen, they always panic buy/sell, and it always seems to happen when there is a sudden change in liquidity.
I was here for the June 2011 saga where it dropped to 1/16th of it's all time high, that is over 95% of it's value wiped off. 
Then I was there for the April/May stint, a drop to 1/5th of it's all time high, that right there is more than 75% of the value wiped off. 
Now we're here again, what is it now? in the 400's? So what is that so far? 2/3rd of the value gone?
Big whoop, I continually pumped the phrase "never invest more that you are willing to lose". Bitcoin is lightyears ahead of where it was at the beginning of the year and people are getting twitchy because they can't pump *more* money into Chinese exchanges?
Everyone always looks at liquidity (which is necessary I'll admit), but never at the actual growth of the Bitcoin economy. Bitpay's 100mil in sales, and 12,000+ registered merchants and growing, Coinbases 600,000+ signups with an average of 10,000 new signups PER DAY (!!), and huge chunk of change they got to expand even further. 
What's more even in the midst of this "crisis" more people are broadcasting they are accepting Bitcoin as payment. People aren't walking away in droves, it's the exact opposite but instead people obsess over speculative buying and selling in China as the most vitally important artery for Bitcoin.
In any case, it doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin is still growing and advancing in leaps and bounds. My [gotos tell me all I need to know]( Bitcoin is growing impressively and a lot of greedy people are looking in the wrong direction to gauge the current state of the Bitcoin ecosystem.
I'll see you guys on the other side of this "crash" and meet you in the new year when we can do it all over again (at a much higher floor no less). 
@_date: 2013-04-03 17:20:08
Disclaimer: I'm not against using Bitcoin for illegal drug trade between individuals.
But the thing is it's a slippery slope, if people rant and rave that Bitcoin is the best way to get drugs and constantly gush over the fact it is "great" for illegal business, others will opine it's great for illegal weapons, next it will be great for illegal porn, next it will be great for extortion, blackmail, negotiation of kidnappings, assassination, contract killing, etc. etc. 
Who do you think should draw the line? Are *you* wise enough to know what is "OK" illegal, and "NOPE!" illegal, and should/shouldn't be discussed in an open and generic forum like Bitcoin? Now admittedly some states/countries have legalised certain drugs where in other places it is illegal, but generally speaking, illegal drugs is hardly seen in the global community as a generally accepted pass-time that can be discussed around the dinner table or casually in a coffee shop.
Illegal drugs is a niche and controversial market for Bitcoin IMO, and though it did have it's place in the sun in the early days as an early driver, greater adoption is making it far less relevant in the global market, there are far bigger, and far more legal things happening to Bitcoin these days, talking about it as a tool for breaking laws hurts Bitcoin as much as it helps. I think will happily have you though if you wish to get discussion going about it (it's actually a pretty big subreddit).
@_date: 2013-11-25 06:14:28
It would clean out the order books on pretty much every exchange, and in all likelyhood push the price up 3-5 orders of magnitude *at least*. In the longer term, it's a big unknown, such huge confidence in Bitcoin by a big player could push sentiment either way, I doubt it would result in massive numbers of people cashing out, but I'm certain lots of strong hands will turn to weak hands with such a huge upsurge in price. Expect some extreme volatility as people come to terms with the new price valuation. It also depends on how much liquidity there is, more liquidity means more stable prices.
@_date: 2013-01-22 11:51:22
I'm inclined to disagree, now that ASICs are becoming less vaporhardware, I think this is general confidence that Bitcoins are going to be harder to obtain by the bulk of miners. I know if I were a miner (esp one that still only uses GPUs), ASICs are going to put a BIG dent in my profits. In the short term at least Bitcoins are going to beome more scarce because profit margins will plunge for some and rocket for others. The price rise is not going to last forever but until every miner has his/her own ASIC rigs miners will probably hold coins since the prospects of rising prices is good. Even when ASICs come online in earnest though I doubt the price will plunge either, since many miners are likely going to continue to hold and keep their coins from entering circulation until the price reaches their own personal sweet spot.
I see it more as a natural supply/demand situation than necessarily a huge boost to Bitcoin exposure or the Bitcoin economy booming, though those things are likely happening too given the current environment.
Thats what I reckon anyway.
@_date: 2013-01-16 05:08:23
bitcoinstore.com stocks 500,000 electronic items, bitmit, the ebay of Bitcoin. It's not like there are no decent reputable sites, its just they are few and far between, coupled with the fact that using/aquiring Bitcoins is varying degrees of difficult to impossible depending on the person. I am absolutely certain Bitcoin will become more widely used if it continues on the current trend. It's your money after all so its impossible for me to know what or how you should use them. Buy yourself a new [video card]( donate to a [cause]( fritter it away, buy some steam games on [bitmit]( go buy some [cascasius coins]( so you can brag to your friends, [buy]( some [silver/gold]( as a hedge against inflation, use it as savings for college. Concerned about your [privacy]( Want to [buy a domain]( or start up your own [presence]( on the net? 
Fuck it, just [look at this list]( I'm SURE you will find *something* to spend your bitcoins on!
Edit: I mean in the sense that if you want to help, spurring adoption through using sites that already accept Bitcoin is the easiest and fastest way to to push Bitcoin to greater adoption.
@_date: 2013-11-17 07:32:50
Sounds like everyone is being awful helpful, but if you still hit a brick wall and you need to share sensitive info, an option of last resort may be to solicit this guy's help. He has helped users in the past and seems to be trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-07-05 03:42:57
There is always a trade off. The inverse is, in a CPU only cryptocurrency you have no specialised hardware. In this ideal world it means any computer can mine, and at a whim. This opens up a whole new can of worms where cryptocurrency crime is going to become rife. Malware will abound hijacking machines to mine for free, inevitably lowering the profit margins of legitimate miners and siphoning the majority of minted coins and transaction fees into the criminal community, not to mention the incredibly bad rap Bitcoin would also get as a result. Additionally CPU miners can jump in/out of mining with no risk or incentive to continue mining, abrupt drops in price would mean an immediate response in hashrate, simply because the incentive immediately vanishes, making a stable hashrate that much harder to achieve. All because people were worried Bitcoin was not decentralised enough, sorry but that kind of trade off is foolish beyond belief.
Currently decentralisation among existing miners will be far more legitimate and likely because ASICs level the playing field such that no botnet can undercut honest miners. ASICs also means there is a more stable hashrate because ASIC owners are incentivised to keep running, even at a short term loss because they want to recoup their losses over the longer term. Because they can't easily switch to other tasks that could turn a profit they will be more inclined to mine even when Bitcoin's mining profit margins are shaky. Big miner operations are also incentiviesd to NOT overmine and we are already seeing the effects of that ASICMiner is already selling it's own hardware to help avoid a monopoly on hashing that could potentially destabilise the price, thus big miners are incentivised to decentralise. If you can't see it already, these forces are slowly balancing themselves out, ASICs, IMHO are the best way forward to making Bitcoin a secure, reputable and stable transaction network.
@_date: 2013-09-16 13:50:39
Welcome to the [innovator phase]( of the adoption cycle. Bitcoin is more or less at the same stage as the internet in the 1990s. Only geeks, researchers, or serious tech buffs got into it or could effectively use it. This is where we are right now, slap bang in the middle of the innovation phase.
I understand your frustration but comparatively its completely unreasonable to also expect the Internet of the 90s to innovate to the internet of today in a few short years (remember when buying online was "too hard" for the unwashed masses?). To expect decades of innovation to happen **RIGHT NOW!** with Bitcoin is also manifestly unreasonable. Especially considering the considerable amount of old financial system red tape businesses are having to use a machete to get through to even provide these services. 
The wheels of the existing financial system were never designed to slot in Bitcoin. It never was. It's going to take time for services to integrate, laws to adapt to Bitcoin, and banks to be put at ease.


Yes it is, and you can thank the governments and banks for that since that seems to be where you are trapped, by the sounds of it you haven't even gotten to using Bitcoin yet so I find it difficult to justify your anger at the performance of the protocol when you are still waving your dollars at the existing financial system that won't simply shut up and take your money for Bitcoin.
Things are definitely improving though but by the sounds of it you are not yet ready for your first Bitcoin experience. It may be a good idea to just sit back a year or two until these problems get ironed out. OTOH if you are enterprising and determined enough, there is definitely more than one way to get Bitcoins. Bitcoins CAN be exchanged for goods and services (that's the main purpose of currency after all). Go to bitmit.net and sell something you don't need anymore. Be brave and use localbitcoins.com and do a face to face transaction. Maybe go to a satoshi square meetup. Go to and earn some the old fashioned way. Get creative and even start a small business that exclusively accepts Bitcoin on etsy or something. You sell Bitcoin woefully short if you think the be all and end all of Bitcoin is that it can only be acquired via financial services. 
Edit: Wow, seems Uono doesn't like people being helpful, an hour after his rant he ups and deletes his account, classy.
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:34:37
eGold and Liberty Reserve were done on money laundering, Liberty Dollar for imitating USD under the justification it was a form of "domestic terrorism" whatever that means. Ross Ulbricht, even if the charges of hiring killers and laundering funds that were held in escrow were dropped, he also allegedly ran a site that facilitated anonymous communication between dealers and users, and he is absolutely in deep water from that, because he knew that that is what was going to happen on the site he created. All he did was create the site, and as a result of everyone using it, he will be charged for helping enable those crimes. The owners of Liberty Reserve were in spain at the time they were arrested too so the US definitely has long arms. Liberty Reserve was also used for many legitimate uses, as what happens with all money, but Zerocoin is very specifically tailored to strip identity from it's transactions and Bitcoin can and will be able to ensure a high level of privacy, but it doesn't have the total anonymity that criminals desire, so that means that Zerocoin's main useful feature is going to be to facilitate illegal activity. 
Now Bitcoin also enables crime, but the creator is nowhere to be found, the bell can't be unrung, the Bitcoin genie is out of the bottle and there's no-one to blame, and so all that is left is to arrest those that do use it for crime. Satoshi is long gone, unharassable, unarrestable. Matthew Green however, knowing fully well his alt-coin would be used to instigate all manner of illegal activity is actively creating an untracable currency, not a feature of Bitcoin, but his own currency, which means he will be the creator, issuer of coins and the facillitator when this thing goes live.
If it had simply been integrated into Bitcoin then it would be the tens of thousands of miners that would essentially be the issuers, facilitators and creators of this anonymised coin. 
Like I said, I think this guy needs to get himself a lawyer.
I'm afraid the guy may cop some serious government heat.
@_date: 2013-12-22 17:54:05
Oh, pooky, was the wall of text too hard [for you to climb?](
Troll harder.
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:29:25
I'm aware, but this guy hasn't even got a working prototype yet, and he's likely going to encourage others to risk money on this project. 
Something also came to mind, he may not realise it yet, but launching such a project that pretty much screams tailored cryptocurrency for the black market and moneylaundering could seriously get him into deep shit with the authorities wherever he is located. Satoshi stayed anonymous and disappeared for good reason, other alternative currencies like egold and liberty dollar, and liberty reserve have had their creators charged, not for actively using or encouraging others to use that currency in illegal activities but simply that they were the creators. They could use all the reasons in the world to distance themselves, but prosecutors didn't care and the laws made it incredibly easy to charge, and prosecute them in any case.
If Bitcoin were to integrate ZC it would be a consensus of miners, it would be nigh on impossible to prosecute everyone for updating software around the world since none of them actually pulled the trigger. This Mat Green guy might not fully realise he will knowingly be creating and distributing code that will be used to explicitly facilitate criminal activity.
If I were him, I'd be contacting a lawyer.
Edit: Wow, sooooo many bitter downvotes when I point out the obvious. I guess some people are are a little jittery...
@_date: 2013-07-05 17:12:29
I hate to admit it but Satoshi was a VERY smart guy, he looked farther ahead than most and made very good choices (like REALLY good choices!!). This is one of the many reasons I think Bitcoin will ultimately succeed :).
Unfortunately the noise of armchair commentators muddies the rationale satoshi used but ultimately, in the long run, I think the choices made in Bitcoin's inception will prove themselves to be prudent, conservative, and inclusive.
But what do I know, time will tell. :P
@_date: 2013-02-25 18:11:11
Whats more the US has jumped on alternate currencies with far less influence and market value, e-Gold and liberty dollar were far smaller. It's also already legislated as illegal to issue your own currency in America, thats how they dismantled liberty dollar. Yet with Bitcoin's popularity, and reach far outstripping e-Gold and liberty dollar, we have not heard not a peek from any US authorities. If they were going to attack and dismantle issuers, there are legitimate targets for them to do so as well, BFL is US based, and they are building and on-selling machines that could issue these coins in the US, yet no-one from the FBI has knocked on their door yet....
@_date: 2013-12-05 07:12:41
coinjar.io is much like coinbase. The idea is you send funds, then buy/sell on the site and withdraw to wallet/bank account.
I wouldn't leave funds on the site for any extended period of time. It's simply an intermediary.
@_date: 2013-02-17 14:01:57
Testnet is exactly like bitcoin except in regards to parameters on how coins are mined. As it's name implies, it is for testing purposes so they aren't valuable or anything and often the testnetwork is reset with a new genesis block to allows for low mining difficulties. It's big benefit is you can get some coins easily and "play" with them using all the features of Bitcoin software. Bitcoin-Qt can be run with a command line switch to run in testnet mode, it uses a different blockchain and separate wallet in a subdirectory to where the blockchain and wallet usually is. Not all clients and services have a testnet mode, electrum, for example sadly has no testnet mode, Armory does though. Most web based services probably don't either, maybe someone else can chime in and mention other services and clients that have testnet mode so newbies can play with testnet-Bitcoins before they start using the real currency...
Android app you can use on testnet:
* [Bitcoin spinner on testnet](
@_date: 2013-11-20 12:58:23
It's crazy isn't it? Like the last time and the time before it, it "crashed" to be *only* 10 times what it was before it shot up.
Oh noes!
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:24:56


As I was reading I was thinking the exact same thing. You hit the nail on the head there. We've also had a number of scares, such that many opportunistic weak hands are much more conservative, as well as many early holders making their profits and stepping aside and lastly there's twice the number of coins compared to the first frenzy. There's also much higher and reliable liquidity over time, a liquidity crisis is getting smaller by the day.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:16:09
I can't eat Bitcoins, nor can they keep me warm in winter, or cool in summer. Nor will simply sitting on my coins guarantee they will keep going up in value, it is a huge risk holding lots of coins. Remember that.
Funny thing about investing in Bitcoin, as opposed to putting it in a bank account and earning interest, that doesn't happen with Bitcoins, but if improvements are not made to the Bitcoin economy the coins they hold could reduce in value. It is in a large Bitcoin holder's interests to make smart investments to increase and maintain the value of their coins. This means making calculated risks. 
Example: Because Bitcoin's value is still volatile, esp. after April/May, many people decided to spend some of their coins on Asicminer shares, since the Bitcoin value was getting lower, competition reduced and Asicminer gained more coins from their ASIC miners, this increased confidence in the Bitcoin protocol by diversifying ASIC chips available, added another ASIC distributer, and increased the security of the Bitcoin network, thus pushing up the value of their shares, this added value to the Bitcoin economy, and benefited the invester who gained bitcoins from dividends in the meantime, as the bitcoin value increased again, the investor, if they were smart, would have cashed out some of their share to recover their initial investment and continued to collect more dividends, thus making a profit, helping the Bitcoin network, but also protecting the value of their coins. Now that is a perfect scenario, and it is difficult to time, but the fact is that yes, large coin holders, if they are smart investors can make more money, protect the value of their coins, AND help grow the Bitcoin economy by investing in bitcoin related enterprises. But if they don't there is still the very real risk that the Bitcoin economy will not grow or stagnate, thus losing the value their coins have.
Bitcoin, though some would love to think so, ain't no money tree.
Edit: Also, regarding the notion of wealth distribution, the distribution of coins was never about being fair, it was about getting these coins into the hands of users that would be most likely to find ways to use them and to get them to as many people as possible, this is why people that mined in the early days got so many of them (BTW, these miners were almost certainly in the majority, backyard miners using their desktop PC to get the initial coins, no corporation, or organisation would have got a bitcent because none of them gave a crap). Because they now had some, as a result of contributing to the initial security of the Bitcoin network, these people then had incentive to make these worthless tokens worth something. So in reality the Bitcoin economy was built on the backs of normal people that were savy enough to see Bitcoin's potential, but also invested time and effort (and also money on the equivalent of "magic beans") to make those coins more valuable, and they should be fairly rewarded for being the first ones to make those first fumbling steps that led us to the much larger economy we have today. If this is somehow "unfair" to you then I believe your sense of fairness is deeply flawed.
@_date: 2013-02-10 07:30:11
I sincerely hope there are, since these people will further redistribute coins among more people. Doing so will actually stabilise the price significantly. Even if there aren't many with large holdings of coins willing to dump, compared to 2011 there are almost twice the amount of coins compared to back then, thus more speculators and more movements of coins across exchanges to insulate against large dumps.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:02:44
I have a feel good story to match yours :)
Today, myself and a few of my cousins were chilling, and right out of the blue they ask me about Bitcoins. I had never *ever* mentioned Bitcoin to them and they are tech savvy but they definitely weren't geeks, (a construction worker, and mechanic).
I was fucking *floored*, for at least the next half hour I poured out everything I could about Bitcoin to them. I couldn't help it I was so damn excited :D. They were genuinely interested and curious about what I still considered a fringe and obscure tech. And one of them had already been exposed to them in the wild too in a Melbourne bar. And these guys were out of nowhere asking *ME* about it. My incredulity, it cannot be contained.
I can confidently say we have moved from a niche technology to a tech that is beginning to enter the public arena.
2014 is going to be *interesting*.
@_date: 2013-10-24 07:32:33
Y'know, you may be right. Maybe his sarcasm has gotten past my radar.
@_date: 2013-08-13 01:35:38
Of course I have, and it's about as popular as rabies. Like this [one]( Even the mods that voted were divided with one even saying "I do not believe such securities are good for BTC-TC in the long term. "
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:06:06
That's the interesting thing. If it is a bubble then we are in for one hell of a ride. The first bubble went from several cents to 32, then back down to just under 2 dollars, the next one from 10 to 266 dollars, back down to 66 and finally sitting around 100-120 for at least a few months. 
If we are in bubble territory again, this may be the last time we see 1XX dollar ranges for a single Bitcoin. Personally I hope we have small surges and a period of levelling out but when it comes to Bitcoin it seems to always be a feedback loop of enthusiasm when the price moves up suddenly. On the upside, there's huge developments in Bitcoin land so it's understandable that more and more demand is showing itself. btc-china has certainly opened up the chinese markets thats for sure, and that is a fantastic thing. New more optimised ASIC chips in the pipeline, trezor a month away, Edan Yago's announcement on a Bitcoin friendly trading zone also less than a month away, Bitcoin-qt 0.9 and it's new merchant features should be coming along soon too, colored coins being fast tracked, Silk Road (for better or worse) no longer the skeleton in Bitcoin's closet that the media can parade around anymore.
The next 6 months are going to get a little bit crazy methinks...
@_date: 2013-11-15 11:02:36
That kind of answers the looming uncertainty over whether "funding Bitcoin" would destroy it. Gavin is a paid developer, and many other developers have been paid in other ways to improve linux, Mike Hearn works for Google, I think Jeff Garzik is employed by and paid by Bitpay, and his "job" is to continue working on Bitcoin, hell, even the creator of Litecoin, Charlie Lee was hired by Coinbase! Linux went the same way, Linus the originator is paid to do what he does, and a vast number of devs are actually employed by large companies to continue improving Linux. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 18:17:53
Hell no.
Bitcoins can't be reversed or replaced, nor are they insured by any institution or recoverable in any way. These sites *might* try and replace coins stolen, if it's obvious they screwed up, they have reserves and they wish to out of the goodness of their heart, but  99% of the time you 
will be SOL.
Security, once learned, is incredibly simple. You will gain immeasurably by looking after your coins. It is not as intimidating as it sounds and it is incredibly liberating to not think, but KNOW you have complete control over your funds. Storing them on another site still means your coins are not yours, they can be lost stolen, frozen or even seized by the site that manages them. Not to mention the site could be a scam, or go out of business and simply disappear with them.
Check out the security guide, try installing and playing with some of the wallets, super simple and fast setup would be electrum, but familiarising yourself with a web wallet like blockchain.info is also a good starting point. 
Like I said,


@_date: 2013-12-09 12:28:44
Argentinians are being told they can't buy USD and are being actively prevented from doing so, do you think they will just hold onto their existing currency while it's value gets abused?
Happened in Zimbabwe too, even country's existing border controls seizing gold at borders, controlling how much money can be moved in/out at a time. 
Cyprus, and their "haircuts".
Seeing US banks actively blocking users from sending their money to certain places/people is an early sign that your money in that bank isn't really yours. The more free a money is, the more desired it will be.
@_date: 2013-10-22 01:50:58
The force that will drive fees up will indeed be the block reward slowly retracting, this will however take decades before we need transaction fees to take up the slack in any meaningful fashion and may even take longer, in the mean time as Bitcoin's scarcity increases the price, the block subsidy will in turn continue to compensate miners even as the reward becomes tinier and tinier. Back in November when the first halving occurred the value of a coin was 11.5 USD, making revenue for each block 50BTC = 575USD, right now 25 BTC = 4870 USD, in 3 years the block will halve, it is conceivable that in three years a single bitcoin will have doubled, thus 12.5BTC = 4870 USD. Additionally over time fees have [absolutely increased]( as Bitcoin increased in value, usage etc. People panic about the fact that transaction fees won't support miners but the reality is this is because they think too short term, and they also don't appreciate that market forces will pull up the slack because they don't see something that's going to force transaction fees into existence. Block space scarcity has had absolutely diddly squat to do with all of this. The focus should be on how to scale up the blocksize so that miners and nodes can continue doing what they are doing in a stable and dynamic fashion.
All Bitcoin needs to encourage more fees is a strong Bitcoin economy and the ability for Bitcoin to scale up. That 4% you mention is because the blockreward cushions the need for more higher transaction fees, and because users can get away with not paying any fee. As the block reward disappears miners will be naturally more resistant to 0 tx fee transactions and gravitate toward fee paying transactions. This in turn will naturally clean up spam in the blockchain or spurious transactions such as satoshidice. Scarcity in the block size will play absolutely no role in that. Again block space scarcity is completely unnecessary to make this occur.
As a complete aside to that, Bitcoin *needs* to scale up. Now I'm not saying offchain transactions are a bad thing, the Bitcoin community should absolutely look into offchain transactions, but to assume that keeping the blocksize limit artificially low is going to make bitcoin better, more robust, sustainable etc. is based on purely false reasoning and will almost definitely damage Bitcoin's growth. The blockchain must scale up if it is to be a viable largescale currency. And besides if we can scale up the blocksize and make it dynamically stable, as well as develop offchain transactions that can help move making transactions then this will relieve pressure on needing to force users to pay higher fees, as well as relieve pressure on miners storing larger blocks. A one or the other approach means it will only be half as effective. 
At the end of the day forcing blockspace scarcity is bullshit reasoning to help justify completely unfounded fears.
@_date: 2013-03-26 13:14:07
@_date: 2013-10-14 11:46:26
They can't ban shit. They're too busy keeping their government shut down so that they can default into spiralling debt. 


There's a greater chance this will happen the the US dollar than Bitcoin at this point.
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:03:02
You have a very healthy attitude towards Bitcoin. Too many people unfortunately see it as some sort of get rich quick scheme, and this has been exacerbated by the current growth of Bitcoin, many think it will continue to expand exponentially in value but I find that to be highly unlikely. Go up it probably will, but this is hardly a guarantee.
At the very least it is still excellent at transferring value, it doesn't require you to buy and hold onto them, but buying with the intention of spending in the Bitcoin economy is exactly what more people should be doing.
Bitcoin won't be going away any time soon so it doesn't really matter when you buy them if all you want to do is use them on the internet. If you are worried about losing purchasing power of your Bitcoins over time, it is best to buy on demand, if you're an idealist, or a greedy little bastard ;P then buy now and hold. 
@_date: 2013-02-13 09:10:47
You know, I actually blocked you thinking "this guy's a jerk", but then I thought, no, no everyone deserves a voice, and I shouldn't be so reactionary. Then I read this:


Passionate positions is all well and fine, and agreeing to disagree is the more diplomatic way to to settle intractable disagreements, but borderline threats of agression on my person is not acceptable.
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:45:01
America also has ten times the population density so it's hardly surprising. Until Bitcoin becomes more widespread and used here in Australia more, we're just going to have to use on-sellers and trade the old fashioned way, face to face.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:57:00
Ticks all the boxes, but I'd also like to spruik Armory too. Doesn't tick easy (from a setup perspective, but double ticks safe and good.
@_date: 2013-11-06 06:07:00
I disagree. Compared to last time this is actually pretty subdued. April/May was a goddamned circus. Yes, there has been enthusiasm, some memes (looking at you but all in all it has been nothing like the hysteria last time.
Mt Gox, is no longer the big player groaning under the strain, we have 4 solid exchanges, the Bitcoin floor has had a very stable 100 USD to jump off from compared to 10.50 USD last time. 
Things look much rosier compared to last time. That in no way means you should start buying though. If you are nervous, then you have overreached in your investment, sell or buy some stuff with your coins until you feel comfortable again.
@_date: 2013-04-01 07:29:11
You don't need a bank account to transact online. This opens up huge possibilities for 3rd world countries. It also doesn't even require the receiver to be on the internet ever in order to receive said funds (except to confirm they've been received). The tools and net access necessary to conduct commerce online with Bitcoin is absolutely unmatched.
This open up economies in every corner of the world to the possibility of online commerce without sanctions, or control by big banks and the governments that stand behind them. 
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:04:36
Agreed, if we are talking Casascius Coins, which do indeed provide access to a Bitcoin on the network, it is hardly misleading. I consider physical Bitcoins as a way of bridging the gap between an ephemeral quasi-currency many still believe Bitcoin to be, and the solid, hold-in-your-hand cash so many in the world are familiar with.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:19:03
The Trezor may be one of the products that cinches it regarding safe, portable easy wallets.
@_date: 2013-12-12 08:15:34
I think Bitcoin has been leveraging greed from day 1. 
@_date: 2013-02-21 13:32:02
1. The issuance of currency into the Bitcoin system is a one-time thing. This has been done incrementally so that as more users acquire Bitcoins the price will begin to stabilise and become more predictable. New coins will still be issued over our lifetime and our children's children's children's lifetime but eventually the system will stop issuance, hopefully by that time either the Bitcoin system has been replaced, or people are REALLY safe with the coins they still possess.
2. Because it is completely decentralised, no government could possibly dismantle the Bitcoin system. Regulation is sort of a redundant idea since Bitcoin spans all continents. What's more it only requires the infrastructure of the internet to continue functioning (though even then it could function over darknets in the worst case scenario). Nothing short of switching off the internet could slow down Bitcoin. The best governments can hope to do to control Bitcoin, is to target exchanges via the existing financial system, and this would likely need to be a coordinated, worldwide effort. This is a rather impotent approach though since transactions of Bitcoin via cash, trade etc. could never be regulated.
At the end of the day, governments of the world would probably find Bitcoin to their benefit rather than bane, since it can still be used to get taxes from businesses that accept Bitcoin transactions. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:19:10
I grudgingly agree, since bitcoin really isn't a stock with performance levels or a commodity with production cycles. It is a valid and as far as I can see, a transfer of value tool with unsurpassed freedom and security. Currencies are a whole different ball game, once people catch on, and businesses pick it up, there really is absolutely no reason for it to go back down unless, as you say, something better and more competitive comes along to disrupt it.
This may be one hell of a ride.
@_date: 2013-03-11 06:59:31
This was also asked of Satoshi way back on the mail archive cryptography forum:








Satoshi's Response








What this signifies is that though Bitcoin can be used loosely as a payment protocol, it's main purpose is to serve as a currency. Other systems can/will probably be built around the Bitcoin protocol that are willing to take a small part of the risk in order to deliver instant verifications. Bank-like entities, those that store coins on other person's behalf can locally clear funds if they are trusted. Ripple is seen as also potentially filling this niche.
From a different perspective, digital services can easily shield themselves from this risk even if the payment is double-spent, since they can revoke the service soon afterword with very little loss. 
Bitcoin is not optimal (though lets not forget it's pretty damn good regardless) for small, instant clearing of transactions between two anonymous persons where one party could quickly revoke the transaction and run off with the goods in 10mins, but the fact that you can clear a $200,000 USD transaction using Bitcoin with a 0.5 cent fee in as soon 10 minutes is certainly nothing to scoff at.
@_date: 2013-11-12 13:19:48
Here's how I saw it as they happened. And what I think needs to happen for continued growth.
1st spike (I don't like the term bubble since in no cases has the price "crashed" below the initial price before the runup):
* Price rise: 1-32
* Geography: America
* Reason it surged: sudden liquidity due to Mt Gox integrating Dwolla.
* Reason it slumped: Pure speculation since the market was still incredibly young had no reason for such demand.
Spike 2:
* Price Rise: 10.5-266
* Geography: America, Europe
* Reason it surged: Three reasons, actually. Fincen finally made a statement on Bitcoin regarding legality and how it applied to users and businesses. Cypress for obvious reasons. And IMO, the big one, ASICs just started to hit the scene.
* Reason it slumped: Mt Gox, being the only exchange couldn't handle the demand and since it was central point of failure that provided the only liquidity for most buyers/sellers, it caused a liquidity crisis, thus the surge in price reversed in impressive fashion.
3rd spike:
* Price Rise: 120-currently 380
* Geography: America, Europe, China (mainly China)
* Reason it surged: Liquidity in new markets, that being China, increased Bitcoin adoption and integration, many new startups with a lot of investment money being spent on the Bitcoin space, ASIC hardware entering a professional mining phase.
* Reason it will slump: ??? Moves by USG or China to stifle it perhaps? TBH it may not slump, usually it collapses because the Bitcoin system simply couldn't support such a price rise because the confidence/infrastructure/liquidity/market wasn't there, or if it does it might not be the elevator ride down everyone expects.
One thing that rings true for me in every case has been the liquidity issue. Every time the price has shot down it has been because of a sudden inrush, or cutting off of liquidity. I do agree though that usability and security are paramount for wider adoption, but the biggest threat to greater Bitcoin usage is governments and banks not getting on board. I honestly think the senate hearing is going to signal a shot over Bitcoin's bow if the reception is more geared toward finding ways of controlling or policing Bitcoin, rather than finding ways for Bitcoin to coexist with existing financial markets.
And yes, I agree with OP, we are definitely in the innovators phase, I reckon we will move into the early adopter phase once banks start playing nice with Bitcoin businesses. Either that, or when  usability has become so easy and safe that many people simply bypass the banks entirely, in that case give it at least two more years from now and I think Bitcoin will be ready to make serious inroads into adoption. There could be a black swan event in there though that simply takes everyone by surprise, like maybe Bitcoin adoption by system D explodes, or the financial crisis finally happens and cripples the world's economies or some such thing.
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:29:51
If it happens, it will happen state side, not Bitcoin side, so given that it will be impossible to remove anonymity from the bitcoin protocol, their feelings on the matter will not affect Bitcoin as a whole, only businesses/people that operate within their sphere of legislative influence, if that.
It is completely beyond the Governments absolute control. To be fair though, Bitcoin was never designed to be 100% anonymous, and it's main purpose as indicated by Satoshi, was to circumvent banks. Of the few personal opinions Satoshi actually expressed, he promoted Bitcoin as an alternative to banks, not as a 100% anonymous currency, even in the original website on bitcoin.org it was emphasised on the home page that Bitcoin was a pseudonymous currency, not an anonymous currency.
@_date: 2013-10-30 04:38:00
I am having almost exactly the same experience, minus the hip-hop music :P.
My friends/family do take me more seriously, but relating to them is still lost on all of them. It seems they still mostly humor me and believe it's not going to last, well two years later they STILL refuse to acknowledge the change in the Bitcoin environment and get on board. Fucking infuriating how so many people in my life stress, bitch about, and clamour for money believing they're on the path to a better life while I sit around starting at charts, and, in my own small way do what I can to help Bitcoin grow. And because of that, I am ahead of all the people I know, even my friends who have earned good money for most their lives (and who are also up to the hilt in debt). Funny how I managed to overtake everyone by seriously embracing what I believe in and sticking by it through thick and thin. Though it's not enough to live on forever, Bitcoin has been incredibly beneficial to me, and with any luck will continue to do so into the future. Sure, it could bottom out tomorrow, I don't care, because I can stare them all in the face and tell them I lived a purer, more sincere life that completely rejected the edicts and expectations that society and government places on all of them. Likewise, if Bitcoin hits 1000USD/1BTC, I won't just live a relaxing life, I'll start taking serious steps to quicken Bitcoin adoption. There's no way I'm going to let this crazy torpedo slow down :).
Just remember, we are the tip of the spear and we only need to convince 10% of the populace that Bitcoin is the future. 1 in 10 people is the tipping point.
@_date: 2013-03-30 18:32:30
If within a fiat system they are masters, then in a Bitcoin system they are on an equal level with the common people. Bitcoin does not beget privilege, nor preference. For if the "incredibly powerful" were as you say, pray tell, why would Bitcoin beg their attention to begin with?
Bitcoin has different rules that are essentially anti-existing-wealth, no obscenely wealthy person would dare touch it. It threatens to undermine everything they stand for. They are invested in fiat and fiat is their playground, you don't prance from an open field(fiat) into a cage(Bitcoin). At best you put a foot in both.
You assume the rich can adapt to change after hundreds of years of doing business. 


Too late.
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:58:53
That makes a lot more sense thanks. At the very least he seems to have chosen the most portable typecast possible it seems for longevity sakes. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 07:18:42
I think Bitcoin usage will hit saturation before that happens, and in any case, that will be our children's, children's, children's problem in 2130. And if it gets to that stage it will be without question the most successful currency in the whole of human history.
In the shorter term when the number of new coins tapers off significantly in about 16 years time, I don't think so, I think mainstream adoption will surge far sooner, people will be incredibly protective of the coins they have to prevent loss, and fees for miners will have surged significantly (due to increased adoption), as well as the value of Bitcoin themselves to create an incredibly robust and self-sustaining economy, which is good IMO because it means a good chunk of new coins that are yet to be mined will still get to people late in the game so that distribution is even more fair. More people will get on for different reasons compared to now, like ease of use, high security, stable value, speed/and cheap cost of settlement, massive adoption, etc. At that stage increases in the value of coins they hold won't be the main selling point anymore, it will be all the other things that had been perfected by those that got into Bitcoin earlier and risked their money to make Bitcoin better.
I reckon at the third halving, in 7-ish years time we'll have a very good indicator of whether it is going to be a permanent fixture in the financial world, or see it already diminishing.
Personally, I think the major tipping point will be in the next 3-ish years, if it hasn't made major inroads into people's smartphones, the financial and banking industry, as well as seeing some major businesses embracing it, I'd be getting worried, but if it is, I expect things to get really interesting in the 3 years after that.
Unfortunately my predictions have always been too conservative, so you can probably chop a year or two off my estimates since Bitcoin always seems to smash my conservative price and timeline predictions :P.
@_date: 2013-03-25 01:48:46
tl;dr Bitcoin is Elvis, Litecoin is the African midget elvis impersonator. :) Unlike Bitcoin, Litecoin was made to pander to the disenfranchised, and was mainly done to make money rather than innovate. Not a scam, but dishonest enough to not be worth my time.
stl;dr It's a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:37:35
It's a hardware based key, you plug it in a usb port, press a button, and it spits out a one-time password, much like google authenticator, but it's physical, so you can use it on other computers and such. You have to buy them from the yubikey site, they are AKAIK extremely safe. But you have to buy them, any two of the above I mentioned is usually good enough, I use all three because when it comes to Bitcoin there really is no such thing as being too safe. Subsequently I've never lost any coins.... yet. ;)
I've used blockchain.info for probably over a year and had absolutely no problems. I really feel for you, it is a shitty situation, but unfortunately Bitcoin empowers users not just with freedom, but also often burdens them with a shit-ton of personal responsibility. Unfortunately many, *many* people before you have lost mind-numbing amounts so don't feel alone, for others it has stung even worse, there is unfortunately for the less cautious and less prudent a steep, and sometimes (as in your case) painful learning curve.
Being more careful in the future will give you all of the pluses with none of the pain, so don't write it off (blockchain.info or Bitcoin in general), just make sure you hedge your risks. Put most in an offline/cold wallet, keep a hot wallet with spending money, make big transactions with offline transactions (learn about offline transactions, Armory is actually very good for that), move funds from you offline to your online as you need it, and *always* have something like two factor, or if you can, get a yubikey too.
Don't settle for anything less, this is your money, and noone but yourself is responsible for keeping it safe.
@_date: 2013-11-05 10:46:29
It's not offline but it is definitely safer that a web based wallet. 
Truly offline funds are stored on a machine or paper backup that never connects to the internet. Software like electrum, Armory have functionality to do this, and also make it easy enough to create and sign transactions that use offline funds. 
Your current setup is vulnerable but not so vulnerable that I would panic. I'd advise you use an offline wallet to store the majority of you Bitcoins and leave a small amount on a more convenient wallet and top it up periodically. 
I personally have a web wallet with 2fa with &lt;$100 worth and store the rest using Armory on offline wallets, with multiple encrypted hard, and soft backups. I've never been hacked and never lost any coins.
@_date: 2013-11-17 06:03:58
Whether they sell the coins or not, I think it will benefit Bitcoin either way. But it is fun to speculate on how they may react if Bitcoin really goes "to the moon".
I think the only reason Bitcoin could ever threaten the dollar is because the USG ends up smashing their own dollar's value into the ground (which they are in the initial stage of doing too). If that ends up being the case, they'll have far bigger problems than Bitcoin rising to the top. Though I'd be very interested to see how they'd stop it.
@_date: 2013-05-16 19:38:03
This may be part of the reason for the changes in Bitcoin-qt 8.2 so this transaction noise can easily and simply shunned.
@_date: 2013-01-24 16:10:20
Oh I am a ferret, I would never go that far to decieve people, and I will be back to the land of the rising sun one day. Once one has had a taste of that wonderful, schizophrenic land, one can never never truly leave ;) .
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:32:50
Dan kaminsky thinks [Bitcoin is unhackable]( I think at the very least there are going to be some hardcore geeks that have been fence sitting warming to Bitcoin as we speak.
I think we can, at the very least predict the number of Bitcoin supporters has increased by one (1), &lt;-- that one being Dan Kaminsky.
@_date: 2013-10-14 04:52:10
That was my sentiment exactly when people back in the day were saying Bitcoin could hit $100 in a year or two.
Back then a Bitcoin was worth 1$.
One thing I've learned about Bitcoin is that the valuation can, and *does*, fluctuate suddenly and unpredictably both ways. 10X gains in the space of a month is entirely possible, as April/May most definitely proved. Not only that, but those gains were retained and stabilised over the longer term too.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:03:50
more mining power, or more specifically more miners including your transactions in the next block could get confirmations sooner, but aside from that probably not.
@_date: 2013-09-19 07:28:20
Next up, Steam. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:55:53
This what it feels like to be an early adopter.
@_date: 2013-09-16 10:38:57
Fuck yeah Alan!
You really are doing fantastic work. I've used Armory for a long time now and it really has been the greatest wallet to date. Bar none.
@_date: 2013-04-02 10:19:42
Bitcoin is a distributed timestamping network that maintains a public, yet pseudonymous ledger, which allows modification to said ledger with Bitcoins that are systematically and proportionally distributed, as well as kept artificially scarce by the network.
Because of it's usefulness as a tool to keep track of totals, and the fact that the totals can only be modified under certain conditions (via access to already existing Bitcoin totals), this makes it not only useful, but also a scarce resource. 
Based on these qualities alone, it can be considered valuable since there is no other system that can do this and it has developed a solid reputation of reliability over the years.
Bitcoins are not valuable simply because they are scarce, they are valuable because they have many of the qualities that make it a useful form of money. People need/want this, thus it is valuable to them.
@_date: 2013-04-04 09:47:53
I'm assuming the topic is that it costs money to be involved in Bitcoin, that being internet, computer, exchange rates, etc. I'm saying that with conventional money nearly every transaction online will entail a conversion fee to switch the currency to the sellers. I'm saying that once you have gotten Bitcoins, you no longer need to cover those expenses, and potentially can do much more commerce online without these ongoing costs, thus when transacting online it will (once we get much larger adoption mind you) be far cheaper to do online business than it will be to use conventional money, thus it helps mitigate the "dependency on specific capitol investment". 
I agree with your point though, face-to-face, with local currency would be easier in some circumstances, but those circumstances could very well change. Mobile phones certainly revolutionised communication and Bitcoin could go the same way. In many big cities almost everyone has a mobile on hand and internet in cities is rather ubiquitous. If Bitcoin wallets become secure enough that they could be safely and easily used on mobile phones, physical money could be even less relevant.
I personally think a world where physical currency and Bitcoin could happily live side-by-side, the only reason I can see Bitcoin as a threat to governments and banks is because it has the potential to expose the huge multigenerational fraud they have perpetuated on the people for so long.
@_date: 2013-03-20 16:47:16
Taxes obviously vary from country to country so it's going to be interesting. I would like to see a tme though where I can buy everything I need using Bitcoins (and just get taxed once), rather than cashing them to my local currency (which gets taxed), then buying that expensive car I've always wanted, and getting taxed again. It's still rather unexplored territory. Something tells me if Bitcoins reaches the 1000's of dollars, there's going to be demand for tax lawyers among the Bitcoin community though ;)
@_date: 2013-11-01 04:18:56
It was much the same reaction to the internet. Paranoia, dismissiveness, and a distinct lack of understanding on the topic. It is almost 100% likely that the people that trash Bitcoin have never used, or even understand the fundamentals yet.
Just like the internet though, as more and more people begin to understand, and then use Bitcoin in their daily lives these comments will be laughed out of the room just like in the Internet's early days when it was associated with porn, terrorism and whatnot.
Time, patience and persistence will route out this type of thinking. Making it so ridiculously usable and secure will also quicken adoption.
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:06:22


You are surprised by this? The problem is that is one of the few places Bitcoiners have to openly discuss bitcoin related matters without being harassed, especially in the early days. The media, our friends and family, even strangers have openly and harshly ridiculed Bitcoin as a technology for years. Unfortunately many of these same people expect to walk in here and lambaste us, then act shocked when we lambaste them back.
So excuse us for being defensive of a technology we love and are trying to grow into a fair and competitive currency.
I try to keep civil though, especially when people are critical, but not incredibly biased, so I'll have a go at addressing some of your queries.


Not to be pointed, but you are incorrect, higher prices does make Bitcoin more viable for businesses that handle huge amounts of money. Currently there simply isn't enough Bitcoin based money to handle bigger businesses, but as the price rises, it means they can take it more seriously as a vehicle of value transfer for their own business. 
Take for example the housing market. It's HUGE, but Bitcoin currently has only enough value to transact at most, a couple hundred expensive houses.
It's pitiful. BUT, as the price increases, to much higher levels, real estate agents will be able to take it as a serious means of value transfer because essentially there will be more money in the Bitcoin system , hopefully by that time liquidity will get better too, and lord knows, the savings by using Bitcoin for real estate settlement could be massive.


Economies can grow faster because they already have a larger amount of infrastructure already backing it up so, a tentative yes, it's when the existing infrastructure can't expand fast enough and there are liquidity bottlenecks we have problems, like MtGox getting crippled.


Gyft gave a perfect example of how to draw customers in, offer discounts in the form of passing on the precessing fee savings onto customers. Customers have an incentive to buy from Gyft, Gyft becomes more competitive as a result of using Bitcoin. Bitcoin Friday is also on the horizon. 


Not really, unless someone discovers a serious flaw, a serious flaw. At this stage, I'm confident the horse has bolted, but I did cover this in another post so I'll [link it here](


It is a tech that has solved a long thought impossible communications problem called the Byzantine Generals problem. This means that it is the first truly decentralised, completely trustless system ever created. This is actually a big deal, It means that a completely decentralised time-stamping network can be used in a completely trustless manner. No single full  node is ever authoritative over another. It's most apparent use is as a public ledger and it's sustainability is ensured by literally paying people using money created on the blockchain to keep it running. This is an incredibly valuable piece of infrastructure as it gets bigger, because the bigger it gets, the more trusted it becomes as a network. Satoshi leveraged miner greed, with the difficulty system to ensure fair distribution of coins and seeded coins far and wide to early early miners/users to give them a vested interest in seeing Bitcoin become more successful, as well as not centralising distribution to the most powerful nodes. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 07:38:43
Absolutely. People that propose that the blocksize can, and should remain fixed base it on wholly baseless and flase assumptions made up in their own head. Then they start throwing around "Tragedy of the Commons", "lack of competition", "economic sustainability" and other foolishness as if these things actually had a bearing on the functioning and sustainability of the Bitcoin network. 
Offchain transactions are definitely necessary, but in no way are they going to replace the majority of transactions on the blockchain. The blockchain itself, can, and *must* scale up as demand and infrastructure increases. And regardless of the naysayers, it can be done in a decentralised fashion that is progressive and sustainable. **The problem is we have lots of programmers that suddenly think they are also economists.**
Anyone that is obstinate on this point has their head in the sand.
@_date: 2013-03-12 03:56:44
Litecoin users haven't even integrated changes of the flaw-free 0.8 branch.
Litecoin users *definitely affected!* :P
@_date: 2013-04-15 20:16:36
Substitute The Matrix for the [Existing Financial System]( and it might make a little more sense... 
Edit: The article is actually a very well thought out rebuttal, I'm just being silly...
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:33:51




Banks loans are not bad per se, it is the **entrenched banking system** that has put itself in a position where every country's economic survival **depends** on loans. An economy's growth is not singularly dependent on bank loans in order to drive growth, it's that banks have put themselves into a position where they are now, and they can leverage credit to a ridiculous extent that they can make economies boom and bust at their whim. Japan is doing [that right now]( they are [pouring billions of investment dollars a month into their economy](
And if "sticky wages", the psychological resistance to being paid less in dollars but still having the same buying power is the best defence you can come up with for why deflation is bad, then you are reaching.


I did say in my original post that you are expecting the same outcomes from two completely different currency systems. Japan, [is pumping money like madmen, trying to stimulate the economy desperately]( because all the less dangerous options aren't working, and it's not because people are saving, it's because loans themselves have seized up their economy, and the best solution to kickstart the economy is to inject even more money, even the rest of the world is getting nervous about their money printing, and for very good reason. The last example you would want to use is Japan, they've put themselves in the debt hole because they have huge loans they need to pay back, this is why they have no growth, it is because all those loans, when the economy slows, get strangled by interest rates. It is the very solution of adding more money via loans that put them in the position they are currently in. 


My original post very clearly stated that banks are the problem.


No, I don't assume consumption is bad, I'm saying banks and governments that force growth via loans for their own greedy ends is bad, and the best way of getting what they want is through relentless consumerism. Spending for the sake of spending is not necessary for a healthy economy, it is only necessary so that banks can reap bigger profits and governments can reap greater tax revenues. 


It will do none of these things, it will in fact, make economies more prosperous and resistant, jobs made will be in industry that is sustainable over the long term since investments will be much lower risk and be directed into works of lasting value. Frankly, the hoarding label is a fallacy used by banks et al. to scare people, *again* it only applies to the old fiat system. In a Bitcoin system your doomsday predictions are not exacerbated by banks with unlimited credit.


I bet you never even bothered to look at the other side of the coin when inflation goes haywire did you? I'll link it again here since you decided it was not worth your time. 
The video gives a summary of countries, even as recently as 1994 where hyperinflation has destroyed economies. This is what banks do to economies when they are allowed to lend and effectively print money without restraint, something that Bitcoin outright stops. And it's not just one isolated example, there are many countries that have been struck down, and devastated by hyperinflation. Japan is skirting along the edges, and it's fired the first salvo in what is called a currency war, where other nations will follow suit because they can't afford to be left behind if Japan uses the tactic successfully.


Well, I'm so sorry that I've consumed so much of your valuable time, and soooo grateful you could spare what little time you have to pen your refutation of my arguments. Bitcoin hardly needs to become number 1 to be a successful and stable economy in it's own right, you're simply making a black and white argument. Do yourself a favor and watch the video, you will then see in stark relief how deadly inflationary spending is. And the cause for both deflation and inflation is because of banks with unlimited credit, not some made up instance that Bitcoin's slow deflation is the evil that destroys great nations, or whatever waffle.
Edit: BTW, I don't mock, I'm above mocking, I will simply find your opinions irrelevant and beneath me, considering your condescending attitude, I would expect most other people to do the same. You've certainly not shown yourself to be deserving of respect considering your abrasive attitude so I'd expect your debating to be short-lived in this forum until you decide to ditch your current account and start from scratch, such is the likes of your ilk.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:56:20
It's always going to be an open question on exactly how much is still accessable and how much is lost, analytics of the blockchain on the movement of coins like what [Adi Shamir]( did plus the fact that we know exactly how many coins there are will give us a general idea, but in the end we will almost certainly never know. Some people have been actively tracking coins reported lost, but it is haphazard since many losses simply can't be properly confirmed.
@_date: 2013-08-29 16:12:19
Fellow s aussie here, I've used coinjar via over the counter deposit, it works well. Spendbitcoins.com also works but is very expensive. 
Both take over the counter cash deposits, haven't used them to move Bitcoins to cash though...
@_date: 2013-03-11 13:23:43
Thanks you guys! I was always looking for an excuse to quote the Matrix, seemed like the perfect time. :D
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:04:40
Only the greedy and over invested have any reason to be worried ATM. If you are long, this is simply noise. I take comfort in the fact that there has not been a single piece of bad news that would throw the future of Bitcoin into doubt, and even as the price dips, still more people announce they are accepting Bitcoin. The fundamentals of Bitcoin are stronger than ever.
I know in the coming months there will be more fantastic Bitcoin related developments and more adopters to come, I'm not bearish in the slightest! :)
@_date: 2013-04-14 13:15:59
Yep, it's a helluva lot quieter, and it's the weekend too, I'm sure there are quite a few people with Bitcoin hangovers at the moment.
@_date: 2013-03-17 05:53:34
I think this misses the social element. People are more comfortable with Bitcoin for many reasons, this comfort also breeds familiarity. Imagine switching from fiat currencies to Bitcoin, even with the dire straits of the world's economies struggling to keep their value afloat, we are not seeing a massive exodus from USD to Bitcoin. Just like any other alt-chain competitor, Bitcoin has been around longer, has an existing community, proven concepts, etc. Its simply not happening... yet. Only downright, imminent collapse will see a majority jump ship. Zimbabwe is a good example of that, only once hyperinflation set in did people abandon in earnest. Until then they will probably stick around and try and fix the problem. There has to be deepseated problems with Bitcoin and far and beyond better alternative currency, even if that "better" currency is good 'ol fiat again.
If miners could switch their ASICS to a better currency that is also using SHA256, then one may also argue that it is probably not much different than Bitcoin since a weakness in Bitcoin's cryptography is probably the only truly viable threat to the underlying value of the currency. 
My example before of ipv4 vs ipv6 highlights that even when the transition can be made seamless, and the endorsement and incentive is there, along with the highlighted limitations of ipv4's shinking address space, people/businesses and governments are still resisting the switch and would rather prop up the existing ipv4 infrastructure. Doing so will mean eventually abandoning a lot of hardware, a lot of restructuring, and infrastructure will be left redundant, so instead many are improving within the limitations of ipv4, rationing, making devices backward compatible. No-one is simply jumping ship while ipv4 still floats. Against all better logic, familiarity means they aren't budging. This will be the same with people moving from USD to Bitcoin, and also from Bitcoin to any other alt-currency. 
As Bitcoin gains more market-share you will find it ever more entrenched such that most users will be happy to work round the problems, and improve if it means staying put. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:34:24
It's a legally grey area true, but there are precedents where governments will use whatever law seems applicable to get what they want.
Defense distributed, in all honesty should have been perfectly entitled to release, for free, their cad files to make a 3d printed gun (they're just designs after all), but the USG stepped in immediately to get those files offline.
One can perfectly argue that all he was doing was "releasing the source". 
There are similar precedents, and I'm quite certain government agencies are watching very closely. They know their "whack-a-mole" strategy doesn't work so going after the people involved is their best strategy to silence them, case in point, Edward Snowden is a classic whistleblower, yet they are planning to charge him for espionage. Does that make sense? Julian Assange is holed up in an embassy for questioning on spurious allegation of sexual misconduct that would lead to him being likely extradited to the US for god knows what, all this happening while he released the largest leak of government files in history. He was not even the leaker, just a publisher. His staff are also being told that to go to Briton to continue to aid in his work is now legally fraught, so they are effectively living in exile in Germany, unable to even go back to their home country.
You might find it very unlikely, but it is happening, and it's far more likely than you want to believe.
Thanks for not downvoting me :)
@_date: 2013-02-24 16:41:41
I used to use bitlc. Really sad things have fallen apart, and it is a horrible predicament to have a site that has run for so long leave it's users shortchanged. There have been dozens of stories of people in similar situations to yourself that have lost all their bitcoins because they absurdly believed their coins were safer with someone else (Pirateat40 a classic example). I hope next time you take personal, thorough, and intimate responsibility for any Bitcoin funds you have. Bitcoin is a zero trust system, no-one but yourself can be trusted 100%.
As far as your options go, and considering the amount lost, I think the only thing of value you are going to get back from this event is better understanding of how to better protect your bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-09-12 12:37:28
Yeah, *saving* is evil. It'll never take off while everyone is living within their means. /s
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:16:43
Don't be so sure about the steep correction as it reaches saturation, adoption happens at all price points and every adopter has a point where they will exchange out, or simply spend, don't forget that many will probably also be earning Bitcoins too, rather than exchange they'll simply spend within the Bitcoin economy. Why waste your money on conversion fees when you could simply buy the things you want with Bitcoin?
People are already doing this, hell, even businesses are beginning to settle their transactions with other businesses with Bitcoin. Why bother with an unnecessary layer when you don't need to?
@_date: 2013-07-10 10:50:44
H... holy mother of raptor jesus..... that's just, so, looks like the hashrate is going to be going up soon then.
@_date: 2013-02-06 18:03:01


As I said in a previous post, there is a maximum physical limit to how big a block can be propagated in 10 mins, failing all other mechanisms, this *is* the blocksize limit, it simply can't get bigger, huge bandwidth and huge storage doesn't mean squat if you can't propagate your massive block to the majority of the network, and it absolutely *has* to get to all the other nodes in a reasonable timeframe, otherwise  miners stand to lose money if they force huge blocks on the rest of the network when another much smaller block could be created very shortly after, get propagated and verified, and become the longer chain. I bet many miners will modify their clients to dump larger blocks if a smaller block comes along soon after, or even refuse to propagate over a certain size, their own arbitrary limit, in the hope other miners, or even themselves, find a much smaller block to build on. The block simply can't be huge unless the majority of miners can receive and process the block in a reasonable amount of time. That being 10 minutes. In any case I prefer a shifting limit that adjusts itself to the most appropriate size for the network, just like difficulty.


Forget abandonment, Bitcoin would just never get adopted, Bitcoin is the underdog in this game, and it needs to be as appealing, easy, convenient, accessible and usable as possible. There are huge financial entities that control massive resources to keep people from adopting Bitcoin. Extremely low fees is one of Bitcoins biggest selling points, currently it doesn't matter if its $0.20 of $2,000,000, it will get processed. If people have to fight to get processed on the blockchain, wait days, use third party services, pay similar, or perish the thought, the *same* fees as banks charge to transfer money, it's not much of a selling point for new users. Potential new users will simply not bother, Bitcoin's popularity today is because it has these huge selling points, if it starts playing favourites just like traditional banks, your can kiss any significant adoption goodbye. And all because someone decided (and others enforced) that 1mb is more than anyone would ever need to run a self-sufficient economy every 10 mins.


Like I Mentioned in a previous post, full node security/functionality without the size is already being brainstormed/worked on [as we speak](
I am still absolutely convinced that unless the blocksize changes so it can scale according to the capabilities of the network (whether it be arbitrarily lifted/removed, or more preferably automatically resized much like difficulty is), Bitcoin will not survive long term.
@_date: 2013-11-16 02:37:21
Yep, and the prosecution *knows* you just received dirty money. They can prove that beyond reasonable doubt via the blockchain. If you say nothing, you can easily be prosecuted just on that. You are already well and truly a money laundering suspect, and your entire business may in actual fact be created for the pure intention of helping to reintroduce mixed funds, etc. etc. The burden of proof is now on the defendant to prove beyond reasonable doubt that you didn't ever intend to solicit the acceptance of such funds. 
This situation is a clusterfuck for everyone BUT the criminals, it wastes, businesses' time, endangers their reputation, and will inevitably cost them money, it also wastes authorities' time and money chasing false allegations of money laundering, looking into extortion attempts that could be commited as a result of the clean address fiasco, not to mention the tragedy that such a scenario actually does result in a convitcion.
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:56:17
I disagree with you're justification for inflation. Government doesn't need to add new money to deal with expanding populations, it just wants to make sure it scoops the distillation of wealth out of the hands of those that already hold the governments currency. I would contend that inflation and deflation are simply a single process that manifests in different ways. It is value transfer. Deflation transfers value to every single currency unit that already exists, thus increasing everyone's currency value slightly, whereas in inflation value, rather than going to everyone that holds the currency is manifested as new currency units that is immediately sequestered to the rich and the powerful. Thus even in your perfect situation it means the government wins even if no-one else's money devalues. This is why Governments *love* inflationary currencies. It means they get the wealth first, and get to decide what to do with it first. Whereas in a deflationary system, all the users of the currency get that slight rise in value first and get to choose how to use it first. This is systematic transfer of wealth/financial power from people to government, nothing more.
To condense it better:
Inflation = Government/Rich get increased value first and choose how to use it.
Deflation = Government/Rich doesn't get the increased value first and doesn't get to choose how to use it.
@_date: 2013-01-21 11:29:53
is mostly for news related to Bitcoin, new ideas, and yes, problems. On the problems front though I have heard a great deal of bitching about banks and exchange problems, after 24 hrs no less, or endless enquiries on how to get Bitcoins. is not customer support for these exchanges, and I become even more irate when it becomes obvious they are trying to go under the financial radar to buy from SR. 
Numerous questions on mining, wallets etc. are somewhat valid, but no new users seem capable of using the search bar, OR even taking a moment to glance at the sidebar.
A little bit of effort taken to find this information that has been rehashed dozens of times would go a very long way. Primarily however, I consider as a tool for aggregation of Bitcoin related news links or discussions, NOT help desk-like questions, discussions on the best wallets, how to store coins, cold storage, theft of coins, buying/selling Bitcoins, etc. Most of these discussions are all in the history, the search/side bar is your friend. 
tl;dr is not your personal helpdesk. Use the search first ffs, then if it's not there, ask on the main page.
Edit: btw, I created bitcoinhelp for this very reason, I reposted most of the more relevant posts on there, then saw everyone not bother with and posted the same queries over and over again on If OP wants to be a mod to help keep it active let me know.
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:34:29
I for one would be ecstatic if the price went horizontal for a while. 
@_date: 2013-03-03 01:29:11
If we're counting the hack where the market was briefly manipulated by one malicious individual that shut down MtGox for a week and resulted in everyone's trades being rolled back because it was not a legitimate selloff, then I guess we're *also* counting the ones where [MtGox's price]( went [into]( the [billions?]( 
Yeah Bitcoins man! It was worth fuck'n *billions* at one stage man, *BILLIONS*. /s
You're really not good at this whole trying to be right thing are you.
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:24:42
Thanks! :) And also kind thanks to the good fellow that gave me some reddit gold.
@_date: 2013-03-28 15:53:12
Most of these alt currencies are solutions in search of a problem, with the rare exception of Namecoin, almost none have any real usefulness and most are essentially pump/dump currencies to try and swindle cash, or try and dupe adoption to get rich quick.
litecoin came about because a few people were upset they didn't aquire huge amount of Bitcoins so enacted litecoin to try and get history to repeat itself with them being the ones to strike it rich. They tried to package it under the guise to social equality and touted it as an improvement on bitcoin. The more I look into it the more I'm convinced it was just a simple get rich scheme like all the others.
@_date: 2013-12-04 15:05:05
I thought I was super Bullish and estimated $600 by the end of the year. Obviously not bullish enough. That was at the beginning of the year.
It's OK though, I'm ready this time! I've swallowed the red pill and estimated the price per bitcoin to be [60,000-100,000 in three years](
There's no WAY it'll get that high!
@_date: 2013-07-24 18:01:56
Make an alt coin. Report back. I keenly anticipate your results.
Oh yeah, Bitcoin is it's own beast, let natural selection decide. IOW: as above.
I am not belittling your "justifications" such as they are, but I've heard numerous explanations for how the Bitcoin network could be run "better" but almost no-one actually putting it into practice. So, if you really think this could work, implement the changes into the sourcecode (or pay someone to do it, I'm not picky), start it up, and report back. If it is as revolutionary as it seems, then it is at least worth doing a test run to prove all the naysayers wrong, amirite?
@_date: 2013-11-21 07:50:47
The mindblowing thing is that every single node is synchronised every 10 mins with a cryptogaphically verified copy of the blockchain. And every single one of them is completely autonomous such that if 199,999 nodes go down, the entire network can technically be rebuilt from that one remaining node.
Last I remembered, Bitcoin had about 30,000 nodes, and people were worried we didn't have enough full nodes, or that the number of full nodes would decrease over time with the advent of lite nodes, Bitcoin has become one hell of a robust network.
@_date: 2013-11-06 08:09:20
There will come a time (honestly it's probably already happening for some people TBH) where people will earn bitcoins and no other form of money, this means they will  have to buy food, fuel, pay the rent, rates, bills, etc. with something. If they only earn Bitcoin for their job then they will either have to cash some out to other currency that the merchant accepts, or they will spend their bitcoins with those merchants that do accept bitcoins.
tldr; If your only cash stream is bitcoin, you *will* be spending your bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 12:57:41
I was thinking the same thing myself, lag during furious trading helps, in a way, put the brakes on what might be an overreaching of the price since it injects a certain degree of uncertainty and hesitance for traders.
OTOH, it means the market could be manipulated by others that could leverage that artificial uncertainty to force a crash of the price, as the combined busyness, plus DDOS has shown.
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:36:33
As far as I'm concerned, all the current alt-coins are cheap, rebranded knockoffs, catering to programmer's egos, scammers, and novices.
Just because someone has an idea, it doesn't legitimise their efforts or validate their efforts as necessary. 
I accept that alts will continue to be spat out like confetti, but that doesn't make them useful, worthy, or worth being taken seriously like Bitcoin. Bitcoin has developed a track record over nearly 5 years, spawned an entire economy from nothing. Show me an altcoin where it makes sound financial sense to move away from Bitcoin (forget the redundancy and niche argument, they're all templated from bitcoin and share 99% of the same code, it has to be a serious rebuild with genuine advantages that couldn't be adapted to Bitcoin), and I will consider that altcoin a worthy and legitimate competitor. Until then, no current alts (in the sense that the people releasing the code expect people to invest time, effort and money), can be considered necessary or even legitimate at this stage.
@_date: 2013-07-24 03:12:44
could use some love.
@_date: 2013-12-04 10:19:05
No probs. Everything can be used as a currency, but some are better than others. Judging whether something is a good money usually falls under [these categories](
Divisibility: the thing in question can be easily divided into smaller chunks that in themselves are smaller units of the whole.
Portability: It can be easily, and safely moved from place to place.
Scarcity: It is hard to acquire, as there is only a limited amount of them.
Fungible: The thing used when divided, or gathered together has the same qualities as things of equal properties, size, etc. has the same value.
Durability: It is hard to destroy, lose, and doesn't easily degrade.
Non-consumable: In line with durability, if it has another purpose that results in it being destroyed or inaccessible, then it is not a good form of money since other market factors can interfere and supersede it as a good store of value.
In the context of real estate, it's not divisible, portable, fungible, durable, but it is scarce and non-consumable. So that's 2/6 .
In the context of cigarettes, it's not divisible, durable, or non-consumable, but it is scarce (at least in prison), portable, and fungible. So that's 3/6. 
In the context of gold, it is durable, fungible, scarce, and non-consumable (though it can be used in manufacturing and jewellry I'm going to be lenient and overlook this), but it's not very portable (as people smuggling gold across borders can attest), and not very divisible (unless you mint lots of different denominations of gold coins, which is time consuming, and very difficult unless you are a government, so it's not going to be easy to buy small things with a 1 troy ounce and expect the right amount of gold in change). So that's 4/6.
In the context of Bitcoin, it is durable, scarce, non-consumable, portable, and very divisible. It still struggles with some fungibility issues though, but it's is still a debated issue though, so I'll be conservative and count it as a negative. So that's 5/6.
As you can see real estate is not a good candidate for a currency, with cigarettes only slightly better (in the context of prison though, it probably works very well though), gold has great qualities that make it very well suited as a currency, but Bitcoin can excel over gold by solving the portability and divisibility issue, though still has the slight concern of fungibility when it comes to coins involved in crime (but to be honest, this largely applies to gold and fiat too if you can prove it. Bitcoin just makes it easier to trace.
@_date: 2013-11-12 10:16:08
Bitcoin is simply too frictionless and undetectable to stop Bitcoin commerce. A US citizen can tor to jobs4bitcoins, setup a communication with encrypted chat to settle on terms, do the job, and get paid with zero chance of any government knowing if it was done with a US citizen involved or not. What's more Bitcoin already has havens in some central European countries as well as asia looking increasingly friendly to the idea. Stopping or stifling Bitcoin will go nowhere and will only serve to cost them money and time they don't have. And we've seen how good the USG is at stopping things they don't like like piracy, drugs, illegal immigrants, terrorism, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-17 02:53:09
I'm not talking about the paltry 445 something million they have now, I'm talking about when the value has increased a factor of 50 when they are 22 billion. Or even higher.
@_date: 2013-10-21 06:50:21
I've been a victim of this too but honestly, a number of people belittled me for my passion about Bitcoin when it was much more volatile and worth a lot less. Ironically my buying into Bitcoin was more about putting my money where my mouth was as opposed to making a profit. If you are simply in it for the money then don't expect anyone to be interested in what you have to say since it will always sound like gloating regardless. For me, I got into Bitcoin because I want Bitcoin to change the underlying financial system so it is fairer, and help wrest value creation from banks and governments and put control firmly back in the hands of the people where it should be. Because of this even though the price plays a big factor, it is hardly the be and and end all. Merchant support, new tools, government/corporate support, the politics surrounding Bitcoin, the controversy etc. are all hugely exciting, like goddamn daytime TV for nerds :P, so the value, unless it spikes of dips, is rarely something I report to people unless they specifically ask. I'm far more focused on the other news stories like silk road, DPR, governments responses to bitcoin, big new merchants accepting Bitcoins or another new Bitcoin trading service, the online stock sites being dogged by the SEC, ASIC mining going absolutely apeshit, etc. etc. The price used to be one of those things I used to argue that Bitcoin was legit, supported, and a growing economy in it's own right. Now-a-days I don't really need to convince people about Bitcoin. They know, and they also know that I stood by my principals and got rewarded handsomely for it. So reporting on the price is pretty much irrelevant for me now since I've already proven my point.
Nowadays it is much less about the price but more about what Bitcoin can do for people. I no longer need to convince people it's money or debunk claims it's a scam (finally).
If you want to find balance then report to people when the Bitcoin price tanks as well, :P I did during April/May and back during the first bubble in 2011. I figured if I'm going to support Bitcoin and not be a gloating fanboy about it then I need to have the gonads to tell people about EVERYTHING that happens to Bitcoin. It gave me a refreshing perspective and I think friends/family appreciated that I wasn't some mindless cheerleader and that I wasn't simply in it for the money. I was also very careful to not try to sucker people into buying into Bitcoin, I always fully disclosed to anyone interested in Bitcoin that the value was volatile etc. Unfortunately this probably meant that I prevented many people from making significant profits, but it also shielded me from any social reprisals when the price suddenly dipped.
tldr; Don't just tell them about the good times, report back on the bad Bitcoin news to, people will respect you more. And tell them about all the cool things Bitcoin allows people to do now, it's not *just* about the money (pun intended ;P ).
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:32:15
Already know you are a troll chum, try the newbs.
Edit: yeah, gotta hate it when I call you out. Keep those sockpuppet downvoters rolling!
@_date: 2013-03-22 09:05:11
People that bought any coins in mid 2010 were quite rare for a couple of reasons.
1. Bitcoin at that time was SO experimental, it really wasn't seen in the light it is now. Parting with even a couple hundred dollars for the equivalent in value, you probably had a 70/30 chance you would end up with nothing. Even I considered it back then and knew that if I dropped any significant money in it, I probably wasn't going to see it again. Suffice it to say, putting any money into buying Bitcoins was hugely risky, and what's more, hugely complicated.
2. It was far safer and convenient to mine them. Mining didn't yield huge rewards back then, but it was *much* safer, and if Bitcoin didn't turn out as it did, you still had your computer equipment, and only lost a small cost in electricity.
No person, no matter how bullish, would've dropped $10,000 or even $1,000 to buy Bitcoins, it just wasn't gonna happen. It was a toy currency back then.
Hindsight is, especially in Bitcoin's case, 20/20, but those that did put their money where their mouth was are to be thanked since they helped Bitcoin through it's baby steps. Also, I'd have hardly have called it investing back then, I think you'll find that a vast number of those that hold thousands of coins from back then believed Bitcoin was a system worthy of their attention, dedication and sacrifice, rather than a fast-tracked avenue to obscene wealth. 
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:44:24
If it puts your mind at ease in any way, getting any significant number of coins for any significant amount of money in mid-2010 was almost impossible, except via mining (and people even now complain about not being able to buy coins, imagine what it was like back then!). Besides that, any person that spent a few hundred, let alone a few thousand dollars on Bitcoin in 2010 would have been considered irrational to the point of dangerous. Bitcoin back then was, aside from basically having *zero* infrastructure, completely unproven at that point, was it secure? Was it's stability as an economic model going to bear out? Was there was enough grassroots support to keep it going? There were SOOOOO many unanswered questions back in 2010. Any purchase of coins back then was shady by default because repuataions were non-existant, scams to get your fiat money under the pretext of selling Bitcoins was rife, and the fact of the matter was, there was almost *noone* using Bitcoins for it's intended purpose.
I wouldn't feel too bad.
@_date: 2013-02-27 04:32:54
They might've just been trying to be polite though, maybe throw in a few links to where they could spend it so they know they're not being BS'd. 0.2 BTC = approx $6.50 USD. Maybe give a link to [giftcard4bitcoin]( (no idea if site is legit though), or a few other sites where 0.2BTC can be easily spent, and maybe a few links to other resources such as  . That way they can jump right in after redeeming their tip.
Great idea BTW ;)
@_date: 2013-02-21 12:24:21
Goverment sponsored and enforcement of sterilisation against the will of the person in question, and the freedom to control ones own reproduction are two *very* different things. The latter is *not* eugenics. Margaret Sanger pioneered the [American birth control movement]( so that each individual had the right to control not only their own fertility, but also help protect themselves from disease.
[Eugenics on the other hand is government sanctioned policy to control the reproduction of the populace:]( 
"Many countries enacted various eugenics policies and programs, including: genetic screening, birth control, promoting differential birth rates, marriage restrictions, segregation (both racial segregation and segregation of the mentally ill from the rest of the population), compulsory sterilization, forced abortions or forced pregnancies and genocide. Most of these policies were later regarded as coercive and/or restrictive, and now few jurisdictions implement policies that are explicitly labeled as eugenic or unequivocally eugenic in substance."
One is freely chosen by people.
One is forced onto people.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:38:32


Fuck. I lost.
@_date: 2013-12-08 11:49:01
Thanks for the clarification :D
@_date: 2013-02-22 10:28:59
I think what OP is trying to say is, a lot of old coins that have not been circulated for a long while have been "spent" in the last few weeks. 
More old coins being spent means a larger number of coins are circulating, most likely around to new users since if it were the same old Bitcoin users they would not be perceiving them as more scarce and be willing to pay more for them. IOW:
larger number of coins circulated among the same users = less perception of scarcity.
larger number of coins circulated among a larger user base = less coins per person, thus greater scarcity of coins, thus higher price per coin per person.
tl;dr even though more coins have been moving around recently, the price is still rising. This probably means more people are getting into Bitcoin, rather than hype. If it were hype the large influx of older coins among the same people would make Bitcoins less scarce, and the price wouldn't go up, (instead it would stabilise or go down).
@_date: 2013-07-05 04:17:01
That guy's responses were very nicely articulated. Hopefully there will be more people like this rather than the sensationalised fanatics that try to insert "Bitcoin" 2-3 times into each sentence they utter.
Top stuff.
@_date: 2013-02-09 09:21:59
A lot of this was discussed with BeatySees in our several pages of discussion over 3 days so I don't really want to rehash everything I discussed with him here too, so I'll try to keep my comments brief. 


I see it from a very different perspective. It is the subsidy that drives abuses of blockchain space. Once the subsidy reduces significantly, miners will be far more discerning of which transactions to include. BeatySees noted that miners themselves will try to abuse blockchain space, but this has other implications, as blockchain size is ballooned, the block must still propagate and be verified by the majority of the network within the 10 minute window. Smaller blocks can propagate much faster and so miners risk loosing large amounts of money making massive blocks. 


I don't really advocate removing the limit entirely, I'd much rather a ceiling on how large a block can be which is in line with the capabilities of all the miners that support the network. Currently the limit is arbitrary and has absolutely no bearing on what the network is currently capable of managing. Block propagation windows are very precisely managed based on computing resources thrown at the problem so consistent and regular propagation occurs. I believe something similar should be tied to the blocksize and max transactions.


I have never believed that there is a free lunch. Miners should be free to include as many transactions as the infrastructure can currently support, that way monopolistic entities can't easily dominate the blockspace. Just like large organisations can't suddenly overrun the network with hashing power to grab all the coins, the network adjusts so that everyone gets a proportional share of the Bitcoins available, this exact proportional distribution should also occur for the blockspace available. It should be a size proportional to what the network can currently handle.
No-one in their right mind would be happy if the minting of Bitcoins were not proportionally distributed. If an entity stepped in and added 80% hashing power of the network to the pool, they get 80% of the coins (like with ASICs coming online). It's not fair. Security aside and block propagation window aside, everyone would be livid that someone with more influence and control can just swoop in and control the network that way. Instead of that situation occurring the 80% increase in hashing power would give a small boost to their income until the difficulty adjusts, and then they'd only get 40% of the coins from then on. Far more fair compared to a huge 80% cut. Yet people seem to be happy to roll over and accept that certain users of the network can dominate the blockspace, essentially buying out the space easily and controlling which transactions go into a block (namely those with the deepest pockets). 


Satoshi had a Bitcoin presence for around 1.5-2 years. In that time he coded up a client, miner, fully verifying node, designed all the rules for the network, made a completely revolutionary zero-trust system, bootstrapped it, made a GUI client that was easy to use for the most part, built a website, forum, troubleshooted the network, actively fixed bugs, liased with the community, future proofed aspects of the Bitcoin network, and got others involved to help him work on it.
I don't think you're giving the guy enough credit for an absolutely monstrous amount of work. The max blocksize was an important aspect, but frankly it was a non-issue if everything else didn't work properly first. You simply can't design and build a project of this nature and get around to everything. He made a safe and conservative decision with regards to the blockchain size which could be revisited later when everything else was OK. I still think the main reason for the blockchain limit initially was to prevent possible abuses, dust spamming and the like, rather than other factors, [he himself advocated for raising the limit later, he had absolutely no issue with larger blocks]( . Unfortunately he didn't get around to it and left it to others to handle. 


I agree. Off-chain transactions is definitely going to assist scaling up, and these options should be explored, but not to the exclusion that a fixed blockchain size is a forgone fact.
So much for brief comments, looks like I couldn't stop typing, my bad. :/
@_date: 2013-08-12 15:23:47


I think it's a little bit of everything. I'm actually stunned they don't have more rigorous security in place. BTCT.co has the option of locking withdrawals to an address, they also require reactivation of your account when your email is changed, they only do manual withdrawals up to a limit per day. They also have 2 factor and yubikey authentication for every single action you make on the site. What's more every action is emailed to you. 
I personally ONLY EVER trust a site with my coins (and a very small amount of coins at that if it has 2 factor authentication or yubikey authentication). The weak excuse of some users that they don't have a smart phone, or it's not always with them is complete BS when the site allows yubikey, and a yubikey is hardly a costly piece of kit or hard to use. I'm still rather annoyed that MtGox requires you buy a special yubikey from them when I already have my own. This simply raises the barrier to higher security so that more and more of these stories are possible. MtGox should be extremely embarrassed by this fact.
I refuse to trust any site that doesn't use 2fa/yubikey or something much more rigorous than a frick'n username/password. Those days are firmly behind us where we can depend on a username/password to keep sites that use bitcoins secure.
@_date: 2013-04-06 16:04:41
LTC is the low hanging fruit. ASICs are far harder to write malware for, would be very much hardened to prevent theft of hashtime and would be heavily monitored. The very nature of their communication would also make it extremely hard to even find them let alone penetrate one. You'd literally have to hack the pool they operate on, and if that were done it would be largely pointless. You're waving arms over a non-viable attack vector IMO.
Compare that to a standard desktop machine. Considering LTC can be exchanged for BTC, botnets mining LTC would be a nobrainer.
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:06:06
Bitcoin is not an asset, nor is it gold, nor is it currency in the traditional sense, it is [different]( I would have preferred steadier growth too. Like the value being 60USD/BTC by the end of the year, but the free market said, "fuck it, we want in too", so the best I can say is strap yourself in, or get off while you can. *straps himself in*
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:30:11
People that "buy in" are at huge risk of loss and shouldn't use Bitcoin. People that "buy Bitcoin to spend" have very little risk and as long as the system remains somewhat stable will always win. 
Both of these people can exist side-by-side without jeopardising the other and co-exist. As long as bitcoins are worth *something*, Bitcoin will do just fine.
tldr; stop using price as an indicator of success OP, price means squat, adoption, and stability is what matters. Though some think Bitcoin is in dire straits from this recent runup, these are hardly showstoppers. These are just growing pains.
@_date: 2013-03-26 13:11:48
I'm guessing no. I actually borked it the first time precisely because I forgot to save/print this info immediately, I never used the account and there was no money on it, but a few months ago decided to fix everything up security wise since I had locked myself out of the security panel, and had to go through the unlinking process. Once it was set in motion it took about 6 weeks plus notices warning of the unlinking etc.
This was all because I didn't save the QR code/secret key which is displayed the first time you create it. Once it is created you can't find this key on the site again AFAIK. So make sure you backup that sucker otherwise unlinking will take a looooong time.
@_date: 2013-09-15 16:38:00
Yeah, barely month old account, practically 90% of his comments are either positive regarding BFL or defending BFL. The rest noise.
*tags Richbel as "known BFL shill"*
Thanks for the heads up dude ;)
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:30:31
Covered this in a recent comment [here](








@_date: 2013-10-31 16:03:51
I read a while back at around 200 billion (~10,000/BTC), then serious money from wall street types, hedge fund managers, the mob, and billionaires would start entering the Bitcoin economy, so I think things would get interesting sooner rather than at 1 trillion. Hell, who am I kidding, if it hits 1,000 I'll be dancing on my desk! :P
@_date: 2013-11-23 16:17:19
I think unless there is a liquidity danger, this really is nothing to report. This price has risen significantly in the last two weeks so the markets are simply finding their legs again as new users slowly continue buying at higher prices and the longer holders decide to lock in the sudden price rise.
There's no reason for an exodus to fiat from both sides. If there are pump and dumpers still, they are likely going to lose a lot of money if they try to keep it up.
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:18:15
Not trying to be snarky, sorry. I personally think that Bitcoin wouldn't have a snowball's chance in hell if it weren't for the volatility of the world's economies. What you interpret as greedy opportunists, I actually see as people desperate to get out of the inflationary currency market (as well as greedy people and rich hedging). I think it makes up all types. This is why I think Bitcoin won't simply tank as you imply, existing currency is shitty for preserving value, you know it, I know it, we all know it, so lots of people are turning to Bitcoin as one of the only remaining alternatives (and lets be frank gold is a cave man's alternative in the internet age, and there's strong indicators it's being manipulated anyway) to preserve, or at least get a grip on some value that won't ultimately slip away. People *want* to save, and Bitcoin is a better bet than fiat to see than happen. 
You probably call us hoarders, I call us savers. And that is not a bad thing.
@_date: 2013-09-17 08:31:09
Suck it up and simply buy some more Bitcoins to cover the shortfall, alternatively just buy a cheaper gift.
Or you could just hold out till next week and hope the exchange rate moves up enough to cover the cost. ;)
@_date: 2013-02-14 17:26:36
I believe these kind of things are mostly psychological. What really matters is how smart the people are that pull the trigger on the buys and sells. 
Including such things such as:
* Are they long/short?
* Do they want Bitcoin to succeed or are they just in it to profit?
* How invested are they?
* How responsive are they to trends?
* How well are they able to interpret those trends?
All of these things are open questions none of us can sufficiently answer, which is why the market is *so* unpredictable.
Trendlines are nothing but a collective psyche reacting. Sure you can fit it to some mathematical equations that *might* give you a short term statistical trend, but world events completely bork these "predictions" if you use those as your only measure, and especially if you use them over a long period. The price is an organic and reactional beast. You should never use maths to divine trends in such a market.
@_date: 2013-10-30 04:51:14
This is a breakdown of a particular balance attached to an address that was broadcast onto the Bitcoin network (likely your balance). It essentially tells you all the details related to that single Bitcoin address.
Oops, my bad, this is the breakdown for a particular transaction. Thanks for pointing that out waxwing.
@_date: 2013-09-26 19:13:39
I'm sorry, I read your post a dozen times but nothing you said actually refuted my half a dozen links to explain how the Bitcoin economy will not remain stable. All I hear from you is "Yeah, what you have said can only exist in a perfect world and you are still wrong". None of my arguments that I put forth for how a Bitcoin system can exist stably and prosperously is refuted. You put forth the doomsday argument, "repent! fools!". 
And you give these justifications based on vibes, "People and large financial institutions will hoard deflationary assets", "the vast global population that is not using Bitcoin does not conform to this model", "I do not believe that faced with the prospect of having your money be worth potentially significantly more tomorrow, a person of median financial literacy would spend that money today". 
Biased, personal, baseless opinions. All of them without a shred of evidence or **reasoned** justification.


Pfff, it already surpasses a whole bunch of third world currencies. Bitcoin in it's current incarnation works, and will continue to work for the foreseeable future in it's current state. I call that "success". But I also don't sell it short by saying it can't evolve, grow, and continue to prosper. You sound like a guy that wants the whole package, wrapped in a bow with fireworks, while an army of workers at your every whim bow at your feet, imploring your blessing. This is an open source project, zero backing, zero endorsement, zero government, corporate, or even organisational involvement. 1.6 **BILLION** usd equivalent rides on the back of a piece of software no bigger than several megabytes (at least back in the day), and it was *marketed* on several forums and hosted on a modest website much humbler than you see now.


And I wrote a wall of text refuting your two main "fundamental problems" (that being the "deflationary argument" and the "anonymity argument"), yet you see fit to brush off my wall of text and myriad links to my other posts discussing this with this "libertarian philosophy" excuse (I'm not a libertarian, austrian toady or any other whackjob BTW). I guess your original post was pointless then since you have clearly demonstrated you were neither interested in listening to opposing arguments nor were you seeking any kind of honest discourse.


If Bitcoin is so bad at what it does, then why are you here? If Bitcoin is shit, and it only originated as a small piece of software, then why is the Bitcoin economy thriving, a billion dollar economy, myriad businesses, constant adoption, Bitcoin specific hardware being fabbed, theft, legislation, hitting major financial news outlets? You have officially stopped making sense. Go make your silver bullet currency. I'm not patronising you here, do it. I embraced Bitcoin because It is a better way, so if you want people to "flock" to something better, make it happen. 
Something tells me though you're just content armchair spectating, and if that is the case, it may be better for you to spectate and keep silent until you actually provide something of substance.


FYI I am a PhD candidate working towards my Computer Science doctorate. If you want to ever study Bitcoin in an academic way, you need to open up your mind to ALL possibilities. From what I've seen of your dialogue so far, I strongly encourage you to either a) forget everything you think you know about finance so you can approach things impartially and critically, or b) beg for your job back because you are definitely not suited for academic life if this is what you're bringing to the table. One does not simply brush facts under the table or wish away undesirable outcomes. You argue them out, sometimes you're wrong, other times you admit your faults, sometimes you but heads and no-ones minds are changed, but you never simply ignore another's points "just because".
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:48:34
I had such high hopes for us plateauing at around 210 for a couple weeks. Oh well, *puts on goggles*, let the rollercoaster begin.
@_date: 2013-02-10 15:15:38
You say bubble, I say firming of fundamentals. :) 
A bubble is more like vaporware, the over exuberant enthusiasm one experiences when a new device, idea or phenomenon hits the community conscious, like Gungdam style or some crap. Everyone starts buying up Gungdam style t-shirts, hats, mugs, having themed ... whatever, around the phenomenon in order to catch some of that sweet, sweet success Gangdam style has got. Then a short while later everyone realises that it is not going to live up to the expectations we want it to, interest fades, people that bought up all the shitty mugs, hats and t-shirts, have fire sales in the vain hope they'll break even. THAT'S a bubble.
Bitcoin is still very new, and very small, it has still not reached more than 2% of the general population if that. It also means that wealthy individuals can still drive the market with enough money. It also means that small bits of good news adds up, especially in the absence of bad news, this isn't necessarily unrestrained, blind effusion for Bitcoin, in this climate I'd see the trend as more like confidence that things are beginning to improve for Bitcoin's situation.
A LOT of new services have sprung up around Bitcoin, more and more businesses support Bitcoin now (I’m actually shocked the price didn't double soon after bitcoinstore.com opened TBH). Topping up mobiles, ASICs, more exchanges, more services to get Bitcoins with, beginnings of governmental approval (the bitcoin-central approval in france). This is the price beginning to reflect the shit-ton of work that has been done and stunning amount of infrastructure that is beginning to form around the Bitcoin protocol. That infrastructure ain’t vaporware, or astroturf, or wishful thinking.
That is reason to be excited, and positive about Bitcoin, the price is beginning to reflect that. Bitcoin can, and should correct, and perhaps go a little more horizontal than vertical, but the correction is going to probably be a dip, rather than a full-on dive.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:34:19
I'm convinced getting rich quick with Bitcoin is a mugs game. They'd be better off (and probably have better odds) taking their money to a casino.
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:37:51
Gold is, and has always been a currency.
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:51:37




No. That would be [BTN]( the [Bhutanese ngultrum]( not BTC. 
Forcing an obscure codification to represent Bitcoin is non-constructive since nearly everyone uses BTC. It is easily identified for the lay and experienced Bitcoin user, serves as an excellent abbreviation that contains most of the main consonants, and makes it very easy to articulate and connect with the original word.
What's more making yet another denomination that everyone must now memorise is also muddying the waters further.
I agree that the ISO standard should include bitcoin (or should at least consider it), but trying to push a completely unused and arbitrary representation such as XBT is in my opinion is a wasteful exercise. BTC = 100,000,000 Bitcoin units, AKA satoshis would be far more prudent, rather than trying to church it up to look complex and almost scientific-looking by being so vague.
That said I may be missing something that you haven't implied in your post so if you could lend further legitimate justification as to why it should be XBT I'm all ears.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:25:15
Yep, if they cared, they would have waited until after the hearings. This is China getting theirs while the US has "hearings". :)
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:23:52
Regarding transaction and noise, if there is someone trying to find patterns, there will be others continuing to obfuscate them more efficiently, Coinjoin is a perfect example of privacy being stripped away by some, and others re-lowering the veil. I think that one will be a constant battle, but I kind of think that's probably the only way a balance is going to be struck, that is as long as neither side gives in.
There is a very large legislative framework around fiat, but Bitcoin is an entirely new beast, there's no banking system to stop leaving money leaving the country, no way to lock or strip an owner of funds. The cryptographic nature of the protocol simply can't do it. Nor can they control the ledger, or threaten to destroy it since it exists in no one place. That's what I mean by jurisdictional control, not really legal control. This means government really has no say from a sovereign, or legal standpoint. If it empowers governments and sidesteps banks, I think that is a huge win actually. Banks have forced themselves to be middlemen and economic regulators, and should never have been put in such a position of power (but I don't think governments are ever going to manage monetary policy correctly either), returning to a free market on money is the best solution I think.
See my above statement is also why I think capital controls will be ineffective.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:10:20
Because they are a group, with reputation, history, a strong community standing behind them, and none of them are dead keen on facilitating criminal activity.
Matthew Green is one man.
A man they could make a good example out of.
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:59:04
Yep, he stole from criminals that will be more than incentivised to hunt him down and do very, very bad things to him. It might take years before he slips up, but he only needs to slip up once.
This is why you don't steal from drug dealers. Stealing millions of dollars from thousands of drug dealers, makes this person a special kind of stupid.
@_date: 2013-08-12 08:02:55


So I guess it means that bonds will become a thing of the past since no-one will want to be caught dead with Bitcoin backed bonds because the risk would be extremely high. Considering Bitcoin's scarcity and potential upside for growth I'm fairly certain any bond holders would be sweating bullets.
Eventually after enough people get burnt they'll realise that bonds in a Bitcoin environment simply doesn't work.
@_date: 2013-04-04 15:46:12
33, PhD student doing my doc in CS. Specifically AI, computer Vision combined with genetic programming.
@_date: 2013-01-31 14:56:43
I see it in the sense that we currently have a fairly predictable number of miners that mine, and sell either some, or all of their gains in a fairly predictable manner. Now if all those same miners were to aquire ASICs, it's true supply will probably not change much, but in reality we're going to see a number of new (and maybe longtime) miners enter the scene, their supply habits may be vastly different to the normal miners. Add to it they will control a significant chunk of the new/old money enteing into/circulating the Bitcoin system, so they could noticably disrupt supply in unpredictable ways. Additionally running costs will be much cheaper on ASICs so they could be more inclined to hold onto a larger portion of their gains rather than be forced to sell them to cover running costs.
If it's mostly old miners aquiring ASICs, it will likely be business as usual (with the exception of lower running costs), but new miners might be hoarders (or even dumpers) and noticably change the recirculation/supply of coins into the Bitcoin system. Miners earning less on GPUs may also be inclined to hold onto their coins for longer in the hope the current trends will continue. 
@_date: 2013-03-14 17:07:17
Armory should still have functionality to import private keys from wallet.dat files before version 6.0 I think. Also, get those files off any computer connected to the internet just in case.
Here's hoping you have a few hundred ;)
@_date: 2013-03-24 15:26:32
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. He's just trying to make Bitcoin better, but I'm not sure he realises just how flawed and dumb it is.
"He who sacrifices freedom for security deserves neither". 
Since time immemorial we have wrestled with what is good and bad, and legal and illegal. It's not fucking black and white like Mike seems to think. If it was we wouldn't need courts, every circumstance is different.
@_date: 2013-05-10 13:58:55
I think it is also important to warn them that Bitcoin's value is volatile, and that they should only invest time and money they can afford to lose. 
The best way to promote BTC IMO is to use it. When people see you are not trying to sell them something they are far more responsive and curious.
@_date: 2013-11-03 03:40:23
Fellow Bitcoin addict here. This man speaks the truth. For myself I'm addicted because I love the possibilities and the advances that seem to happen on an almost daily basis. And the drama, oh the sweet, sweet drama :D. It seems that every day there is something new and exciting happening in Bitcoinland.
Bitcoin is like crack for geeks. 
@_date: 2013-02-21 16:15:15
Without strong support for proof of work it probably wouldn't last long. It is plausible (see Mintchip) but I think quite unlikely to outpace Bitcoin, since any new chain would need it's own infrastructure to support it, and Bitcoin does this by providing incentives, many of these incentives are probably things the government would want to curtail. Unless there were other massive incentives to offset this, I doubt it would last long. Mintchip is actually a good example of this.
@_date: 2013-04-30 08:46:51
The question of a specification has been discussed by devs and the bitcoin community in the past, and it has boiled down to the fact that those that want a "spec" are not willing to go to the effort to make it happen and those that actually build the alternative clients that would theoretically benefit from such a document are generally satisfied with working with the reference client and unit tests to ensure compatibility with the Bitcoin protocol. Ironically the people screaming for "specs" on the Bitcoin network have absolutely no interest in making it happen or maintaining such a spec, and expect the devs that work on Bitcoin to make it happen.
All a formal document does is bureaucratise the protocol with a document that no-one really needs and that for all intents and purposes would fail to do what was intended except satisfy a small group that seem to think that a formal document is necessary for Bitcoin's continued success. It would inevitably be a useless document. 
That said, if you feel passionately about thoroughly documenting the behaviour of the Bitcoin network, you should in all seriousness take it upon yourself to help make it happen.
@_date: 2013-02-21 17:11:32
It has actually gone through a GUI reincarnation. It used to use wxWidgets.
I think another reincarnation is going to be a very long way off unless someone from the community goes out of their way to make it happen (like it did with the Qt version).
@_date: 2013-05-15 08:27:52
Sorry, should have put it in quotes, it's a rule. This news belongs in or or @_date: 2013-10-29 01:06:28
I think it would also be grossly unfair to those that ponied up the coins earlier in the year to be undercut while fencesitters get the better deal. This way at least, given the circumstances of the early buyers if they had simply converted from fiat to bitcoin on the day they bought the coins and paid for their trezor, they would be rewarded for their early support, and the fence sitters that dragged their feet end up paying more down the road for their wishywashiness.
Unlike BFL who pegged their prices to the USD and progressively lowered the Bitcoin price over time, essentially punishing every user that paid in Bitcoins as they delayed, and delayed, and delayed.
@_date: 2013-03-02 15:06:16
WOW! Love what you've done with the place ;) *VERY* slick.
Like other sites that cater to all things Japanese (But don't accept Bitcoins of course), I'd love to see items such as popular, and recently released Manga art books (I currently buy most of mine via Amazon via a payment method that shall not be named..), I *love* to get a hold of the latest art books out there, and though I don't buy much with Bitcoins (if for no other reason than because most sites don't stock things I want), if you stocked them, this would sorely tempt me...
@_date: 2013-03-28 15:47:34
Though I am concerned, I know that compared to last time many users are not simply buying through Mt Gox, coinbase is a big seller and so selling your coins back for fiat is less likely since it's a one way gate, instead people may feel itchy palms and simply buy stuff to recover their value, such as gold/silver, something on bitcoinstore etc, unlike last time Bitcoin is fully capable of returning value to users through goods and services now. These are actually options now compared to last time around. Thus there's less likely to be a sudden swing down. Also its fairly obvious lots of new people are getting into bitcoin, getting bitcoin into more hands means less chances of huge dumps on the market, by a few individuals that buy up coins to dump later. 
Don't get me wrong, I don't like prices going parabolic like it is, but I'm also less inclined to think the price will crash down to $10. The Bitcoin economy has matured enough I think to be able to help absorb jitters users might have. That said, we really need more metrics to measure price like a Bitcoin CPI or something, I don't like the fact that movement across exchanges is the only indicator of confidence, Bitcoin has enough maturity now that we should consider incorporating other metrics into the price. It would help reduce the effects of manipulation too.
@_date: 2013-04-08 14:29:56
Incredibly well made video introducing Bitcoin. What I'd give to see this guy get paid to make a 10 minute version with in-depth detail about everything regarding Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-07 12:19:21
You can only watch a "disaster" unfold so many times before you simply start going, "yep, it's tornado season again".
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:04:18


Bitcoin's economic growth directly correlates to an increase in value, this encourages saving and encourages holders of bitcoin to foster continuing growth. The rationale that deflation discourages spending is bullshit. If I'm saving for a car and the value of my coins increases as I save, I can buy that car sooner. If it's a necessary expense and i NEED that car for further prosperity, I WILL buy it.


I don't invest in Bitcoin, I save. What's more I only risk what I am willing to lose. Check my comment history, I parrot this mantra here like a broken record nearly every single day.
@_date: 2013-02-16 17:55:29
[One possibility being discussed currently]( (a [cached version is here since bitcointalk is down]( ). It is not like the ultrapruned blockchain, it is a chain that can be generated in parallel with the blockchain. It has all the security of a full node, minus the bulk. Is extremely fast too. Reorganisation (spending of coins), of the chain would be done in a single pass. And though it would only download a partial history of the blockchain related to the coins in your wallet, it is still completely trustless.
@_date: 2013-12-07 16:34:43
So, this is like the opposite of the USA's FINCEN ruling that classified it as a type of money and pretty much put it under the purview of every single money law out there, whereas China has essentially wiped the slate clean, kept it distinctly separate from the existing financial system and, with the exception of keeping tabs on potential money launderers, they've said, "have at it fellas". The more opinions from Chinese users that surface here, the more glowing this notice from the PBC seems to actually be.
I kind of figured it was the case, but it's nice to get a native's take on it. A number of Chinese posters have been saying similar things too.
I'm still mystified by all the chicken littles screaming the sky is falling.
Protip native english speakers, the sky is not falling. It's like how people interpreted the Thailand bankers' opinion on Bitcoin, except the magnitude of the overreaction hit 11.
@_date: 2013-02-13 06:52:01
I hope you do better than [this guy](


This is absolutely about greed I'm afraid. This is not money you will be donating to a good cause or supporting something in a selfless way. This is going to improve your situation, so please dispense with the disclaimer.
Not even a [couple of hours ago]( I was commenting on this type of reckless enthusiasm that can make others overreach in the hopes of the big payoff that likely will not come.
Please be aware I'm not bitter, jealous or wish you ill will, I'm just sick and tired of people thinking Bitcoin is some kind of money tree, and that the price will somehow magically continue to increase.
I will not be congratulating you if the price hits $100 a year from now, or even 2 years. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:56:38
Not going to disagree with you on the liquidity, I think it is vital, but I am more making reference to OP that suggests we are seeing irrational exuberance times ten. I refute this because it is incredibly obvious the Bitcoin economy is growing, substantially in fact. Four different countries host 4 completely independent exchanges, as well as all the other positive improvements I mentioned above.
Believe it or not, Bitcoin is in actual fact becoming more and more decentralised as more means of value transfer appear, and they are beginning to appear in many more and varied ways. Bitcoin will always have bridges to fiat, and those bridges are getting stronger, and more varied, not weaker and more vulnerable to regulation. Independent valuation, devoid if financial institutions/bank connections is simply not going to happen, businesses will never go for it, it is a vain dream to even contemplate such a notion. Bitcoin has no country to be nursed in, no border to say "you must transact bitcoin here", and it is simply too fragmented to get adoption to reach critical mass without other financial connections, Bitcoin will be dependent on fiat for a long while yet, and it is necessary until more and more people become confident enough in it's value to pay, and be paid in bitcoins, rather than bail to fiat immediately. Until the vast majority do so, Bitcoin will need it's fiat liquidity safety blanket, but it IS less vulnerable, and people are indeed beginning to get paid in bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-22 12:29:22




The artificial scarcity built into Bitcoin is not an assumption, and if growth stalls or contracts, then the block reward will still be there to keep miners incentivised to keep mining. 


Eventually the only full nodes will be miners, as the blockchain increases this will be more and more the case. And the cost of long term storage is baked into the reward/txn fee. Extra transactions DO cost miners, and that is in blockchain size, miners do have an incentive to prefer more efficiently crafted transactions over messy ones so to speak. There are already rules to naturally charge more for dust transactions and miners over time will become more discerning regarding the transactions they include as the reward becomes less. All this without the need to ever enforce block size scarcity.


We will be dead and 3 or more generations will have had lots of time to test, discuss, or work around any problem that arises. FYI *IF* bitcoin lasts long enough to reach a block reward of 0 then it will unequivocally have been the most long lasting and successful currency in the history of humanity. [The median lifetime of any currency is 30-ish years]( You are assuming Bitcoin will last over a hundred years. Now I think you are the one making a lot of assumptions. If Bitcoin lasts 25 years, I'd happily declare Bitcoin a resounding success.
If Bitcoin lasts 30 years, of which it is already 5 years in (which is 8 block halvings approx, so at that time the reward will be 0.1953125 I think) , we will have achieved something extraordinary which only superpowers have managed to achieve. We will all very likely be in, or at least entering our golden/twilight years then. 


Edit: sorry I think I missed your point. Let me try again. Fee will not be lower because there still WILL be an incentive for miners to keep block sizes low, it helps propagation, and reduces the chances of orphans, eventually if the low reward pushes miners up against a wall miners will only prefer transactions with a certain fee threshold. There WILL be a free market on fees, they won't simply become magically lower, and miners won't simply magically include every single transaction they can get their hands on. Miners WILL negotiate between users what is a fair fee and they will optimise the transactions they include so they are the highest possible, while also trying to keep the blocks small to encourage better propagation.
10 min block propagation window limits the upper limit on any block sent across the network, so infrastructure WILL set a physical limit, what's more if the full nodes can't propagate fast enough guess what is likely to happen? Orphans. Huge blocks will allow smaller blocks to still be generated to compete against greedy miners. What's more full nodes may choose to refuse to propagate large blocks until new blocks are built on top of it, effectively stunting propagation for greedy miners. Offchain transactions will also ease the pressure on increased traffic load. That's how I can refute this doomsday situation you are trying to say is inevitable. There are lots of approaches that miners and aspects of the network that will be able to severely curb large blocks, and that's without even putting any other artificial limiters in place. Gavin has also said that this is a very plausible approach that may very well be used in the future. IOW no block size limit, and set some new default miner rules that moderates block size. The devs aren't stupid, and they have a very good handle on ways to remove the limit while also finding mechanisms to keep the system in check. They are working on this and they are definitely tackling the problem from a number of angles, not just by simply raising the limit.


All the Bitcoin developers are working on this but I can assure you most of them are firmly convinced that keeping things the way they are now is not ever going to be sustainable, even with offchain alternatives, it is still just a bandaid approach. This in no way is an economic problem, it is a scaling problem and keeping things fixed is stupid when decades down the track we will look at 1mb (or whatever static limit it is at that time) every 10 mins as an absurd restriction that choked the life out of the Bitcoin network. A sliding size, based on the history of blocks, much like difficulty, or no limit with some specially crafted miner rules to keep the network healthy, is far more likely to be the way forward.




Blockspace scarcity is trying to solve a scaling problem (anti block size raisers have just tried to turn it into an economic problem to justify their stance). Bitcoin scarcity is trying to solve an economic problem (that being creating a non-inflationary economic system free of centralised influence). They are two completely different things. Unfortunately the pro block scarcity camp in their shrillness are playing the economic doom card to terrorise people into jumping aboard. I've read many, many, many threads on the subject and don't buy the economic arguments one single bit. It. Is. Bullshit. Anyone that tries to convince you that blockspace scarcity is trying to solve an economic problem is kidding themselves and taking others along for the ride.
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:23:05
I'd accept the announcement as actually being bad if the people in China *were* interpreting it as bad. 
Sure, it's not much but I'll take the advice of a chinese ex-VP of a major Chinese bank (if his identity is legit), over most other sources. Including the media. I hear a huge number of non-native chinese becoming sudden experts on Chinese finance. Anyone that has anything worth saying about the notice from PBC are those in China that are qualified to interperet it. Everything else at the moment is noise.
@_date: 2013-11-06 03:45:09
Cue Streisand effect in 3 .. 2 .. 
@_date: 2013-03-14 10:55:38
I concur. It's been a VERY interesting week with one challenge to the price being soundly resisted, then a huge shake of confidence in Bitcoin with the the recent fork. The price not only rebounded extremely fast, it continued to (somewhat more slowly admittedly) rise afterwards. 
That says to me the current price is less speculative, and more growth based. IOW more Bitcoins have moved into the hands of more people, rather than more Bitcoins being controlled by fewer, more speculative people.
@_date: 2013-10-23 12:32:52
The fact that I've had to repeat myself multiple times actually means that you have no real interest in what I have to say. In any case it has been good practice for fleshing out my own views so when the next person comes along I can just link back to this discussion so it hasn't been a total waste.
The fact that you can't even absorb what I am try to explain and have absolutely no interest in actually going to any effort to refute my explanations is disappointing but dems the brakes. I'm sure you'll have no problem convincing yourself later on that you showed that guy ferretinjapan what's what about ... whatever. 


Funny, I thought we were having a discussion, not a pissing match. 


I'm tempted to think you've been lightly trolling me the last couple hours, but no matter, sometimes talking to inanimate objects actually helps clear up my own thought processes so it is much clearer in my own mind. It'll be far easier to explain it to the next person that actually sincerely wants to understand my point of view. You helped with that so, thanks. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:22:13


Then they need to be reminded.
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:30:35
Don't mine, it won't get you a ROI, simply buy and use.
This video  is a fairly succinct explanation why Bitcoin is not a scam. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:23:06
Did someone really *say* that? Wow. Talk about out of touch.
@_date: 2013-07-26 20:38:36


So true it's scary.
@_date: 2013-02-08 01:30:20
This is why it is prudent to use offline transactions, cold wallets, etc. Malware doesn't have shit on that.
@_date: 2013-04-01 07:33:50
The limit will be hit in 2140, don't worry, if it's a problem (which I highly doubt) our children's children will be the ones to handle it.
@_date: 2013-04-07 13:20:27
Can't help but think that this is some kind of honeypot :), anyone part of the "club" that can let us in on what these elites talk about?
@_date: 2013-07-04 11:12:30
ok.  :)
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:48:54
If they haven't read [this]( their opinion is next to worthless.
@_date: 2013-04-30 05:01:44
A lot of effort has been put into unit tests so that alternative clients/bitcoin implementations will operate and behave exactly like the reference client.
@_date: 2013-05-01 10:57:33
It's also a tiny market, thus when a whale buys/sells, the waves get choppy.
Real choppy. ;)
@_date: 2013-04-02 14:16:36
Showing old prices will make it look old and dated. People will look at the screenshots and compare to the current price and think immediately that it's not a well maintained app. I think it would be better to avoid if possible screenshots of the price, or if it can't be avoided, make it more ambiguous and put the price in NZD or something ;)
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:16:26


This is music to my ears. Thankyou.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:06:01
June 2011 0.0X-&gt; 30.00-&gt; 3.00
August 2012 5.00 -&gt; 15.00 -&gt; 12.00
April 2013 11.00 -&gt; 266.00 -&gt; 122.00
November 2013 -&gt; 120.00 -&gt; 1205.00 -&gt; ??
Holy FUCK! you mean to say that over the last 2.5 years Bitcoin has risen from practically *nothing* to 1200 dollars !?!?!??
Sure there's been volatility on occasions as you point out, but if what you imply happens next is a repeat of what has happened in the past then there's going to be a goddamn AVALANCHE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:45:55
Make that 30+. This is price manipulation at it's finest, it makes me wonder why they don't simply suspend all trading in the event of a DDOS since a panic sell off is the precise reason it's being done currently.
Edit: did I say 30? I meant 40+.
@_date: 2013-02-12 17:32:22
Actually no. To me, the problem is all Bitcoin users are inherrently Biased. We WANT the price to go up, and stay up. Bitcoin users are often blindsided and greedy simply by association. 
Most Bitcoin advocates are invested in Bitcoin in some form. We need a heavy dose of skepticism and pragmatism to keep ourselves from betting the house and the family dog on "just a little more".
I won't deny it, I'd like more money in my life (probably won't get it, but hey), but I also want Bitcoin to be more than a one trick pony, prices shooting up like this is not healthy. It needs stability, with a bit of growth here and there, if it is going to to be a reliable vehicle for value. If it swings wildly, we may as well go to a casino. 
That's why I always steer people away from trying to "invest" in Bitcoin, it's also why I am always cautions about a sudden rise and openly voice the need for a "correction" soon. I don't want people stampeding toward Bitcoin. People *WILL* get caught up in the panic rush to buy, many will "invest" more that they can afford to lose and others will leave the community, far more bitter and jaded after coming contact with "Bitcoins" *cough*Bitcoinica*cough*
Edit: A perfect example being [here...]( This is *EXACTLY* the kind of thing I'm worried about. 
@_date: 2013-02-14 09:29:58
There's always the PSTN, a signed transaction only consumes a couple of kb if that. Just use the phone system to break out of the country that has switched off or rationed traditional Internet systems, and pay the international call rate plus a generous fee so you can propagate your block to the network. If the phones are off too, use express mail to send the signed transaction to a friend outside the country to propagate on your behalf, maybe use steganography to obfuscate your "transmission" in case snooping of mail is a possibility. It's been done with CD/DVDs when transmitting the data was too expensive. Or worst case scenario, TCP/IP over pigeon anyone? ;P
I reckon it would be difficult but not impossible.
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:15:03
Fellow Aussie here. Unfortunately we're also very lazy, but for myself, I shut down my old bank accounts and opened up one at NAB (who is Bitcoin friendly). I think quite a few Aussie bitcoin users are doing the same.
2008 was a breeze for us compared to the rest of the world so I think everyone here is feeling a little immortal.
We may need a financial crisis where we're all looking down the toilet before people get worried about their money. I think the number of Aussie Bitcoiners is rising but it's slow and I think it's mostly geeks. I've told heaps of people about Bitcoin but everyone is living in a false sense of security here, even my tech savvy friends thought I was mad, and even after being proved wrong time and again, still have little interest. We very much have a follow the leader mentality with almost everything. 
@_date: 2013-03-21 06:35:32
I think $100 by mid-year is altogether possible now. But that said, I dearly wish we could have a couple of weeks of stable prices again. A consolidation period would be a real boon right now. So many recent events have meant there's just so much in favour of Bitcoin, with the FinCen guidence, many corporate/organisational (looking at you wikipedia!)/individual fence-sitters that were only hesitant due to the legal grey area have a green light now.
Things are going to get interesting....
@_date: 2013-03-28 16:06:18
This-.. 
This is bub-pfff
I can't do it.
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:21:45
Miners are literally financially incentivised to make mining as efficient as possible. Asics aren't supercomputers, they're very simple, extremely efficient chips and they still have lots of room for improvement. Mining rigs of today provide a real world service, they secure the network, your view that mining is useless is not somehow contributing to society is wrong. Miners store the blockchain, and add to it such that the network as a whole can be trusted. It is useful, thus a valuable asset in society. 
If it were not useful, no one would use it, the first bubble would have been the last as people realised that the system has no purpose except it being a fad. That is not what happened, people know it has real purpose and many people realise this. And that is why your arguments against the Bitcoin network is unfounded.
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:09:46
Ah, the poison of pre-orders.
@_date: 2013-11-28 07:24:56
Saving in Bitcoin will mean you can buy the things you want far sooner than if you save with an inflating currency.
Bitcoin is only a problem for people that try to make money off of loans and such.
Like banks. 
Edit: Want proof that saving in Bitcoin is better than saving in fiat? 
@_date: 2013-08-30 01:28:14


~~uh... do you mean ChunkHost?~~
oops sorry my bad, didn't read the entire link.
@_date: 2013-02-20 09:07:58
I have used Bitcoin for years and I have never used them for gambling or drugs. Ever. I don't use them to avoid taxes, as an investment to get rich quick, or to intentionally commit any other crime because Bitcoins pseudonymity. I use it because I like not having a bank as an intermediary. I use them because I like the idea of zero-trust, decentralised, digital transactions. I also use Bitcoin because I love the idea of a completley unregulated currency that can't be shut down by governments or having arbitrary restrictions on what/who I transact for/with.
You obviously haven't heard of bitcoinstore.com that stocks over 500,000 computer/electronics items and ships worldwide. 2700 merchants registered with Bitpay not enough places? The black market is an obvious use but hardly the only use for bitcoins, to paint us all with the same tarred brush is a grossly exaggerated generalisation.
@_date: 2013-11-06 14:06:36


lol indeed.
Bitcoin isn't going away like many hoped, and now they're threatening to take their ball and go home. The times are changing, but for them it hasn't clicked yet that the future doesn't necessarily need them in it.
@_date: 2013-11-28 07:10:42
They aren't mutually exclusive because they refer to two very different aspects of the currency. And Bitcoin is not like a normal currency, it has aspects much like gold, can be transmitted like paypal, but is also completely autonomous regarding money supply and distribution.
Lets be clear first though, Bitcoin are not infinitely divisible, they have extremely high divisibility, but there is a limit, people refer to infinite divisibility in the sense that potentially the code can be modified if necessary to add more divisibility as needed, thus it could become even more divisible, and divisible as much as necessary, but in essence it is not truly infinite. Now lets separate scarcity/divisibility so you know exactly how they apply to the Bitcoin system.
* Scarcity: Like gold, there is only so much of it, Bitcoin is just like gold in this regard. This helps kickstart the economy, it provides a level of certainty when it comes to adoption, and provides incentive for early adoption, scarcity is also a good property of a money, which is what Bitcoin ascribes to be. Since the currency is also completely autonomous, it is fixed, having the discretion to add/remove coins in an automated fashion is impossible to regulate (Satoshi broached this very topic way back) so it is left to the users and free market to gauge it's value and keep them safe/secure. Much like gold.
* Divisibility: Gold however is not very divisible, but Bitcoin, like digital cash, can be divided down to fractions very easily. 21 million bitcoins is misrepresentative though, in reality there are a maximum of 2,099,999,997,690,000 discrete bitcoin units (aka as a satoshi, named in honour of the creator), or a little over 2 quadrillion Bitcoin units that are available. It is not infinite, though there is the possibility of adding more precision IOW expanding from 8 decimal places to 10 for example. This provides space for economic growth, since it is impossible to reliably and stably add coins as needed to the Bitcoin economy, the growth of the Bitcoin economy is instead transformed as an increase in value of each user's coins. Right now 1000 satoshi is essentially worthless, but as the economy grows, and Bitcoins are in more demand, the buying power of each coin will increase, such that those decimal places, though worthless now, can help to accommodate the increase in value of each coin. Scarcity, therefore doesn't interfere with growth as some naively believe. This is how scarcity of coins and extremely high divisibility of coins exist together, they are two different aspects that work in conjunction with each other to create a healthy economy that has incentive to grow in the early stages and space to grow in the latter stages (we are still very much in the early stages atm).
This makes the Bitcoin network very unique. Traditional economies are top down when is comes to economic growth, IOW as a country's economy becomes stronger the dollar value, or buying power strengthens relative to weaker economies, but here's the gotcha, governments take advantage of this growth by printing more money increasing/decreasing the supply according to the performance of the economy (and often abusing this privilege, which leads to hyperinflation), essentially capturing that growth so that they can take advantage of it while every person holding those dollars sees little of that value increase. This is what we call inflation and banks try to force economic growth through loans and credit. If banks and government managed this responsibly it may be an OK system but history has shown that no government has ever been able to stay their hand to print more money and banks are wholly complicit  enablers.
Bitcoin however is bottom up, when the Bitcoin economy gets stronger, there is no central authority or oracle to add more coins to capture that value and use it first, instead that extra buying power goes straight into the pockets of those holding Bitcoins, and every holder gets the same increase in value. This is why Bitcoins have huge divisibility, it is to ensure that each Bitcoin is able to take advantage of this value increase as the Bitcoin economy gets stronger. 
This also acts as a huge incentive for every Bitcoin user to help grow the Bitcoin economy because their buying power also grows. Win-win for users.
Hope that explanation helped clear things up a bit.
@_date: 2013-03-28 12:15:19
˙dn ʎɐʍ ʇɥƃıɹ ǝɥʇ ƃuıɥʇʎɹǝʌǝ ǝǝs oʇ pǝǝu ɹno ɟo ǝʇɐɹǝpısuoɔ ǝɹɐ ǝldoǝd uǝɥʍ ʇı ǝʇɐıɔǝɹddɐ ı ǝıssnɐ uɐ sɐ 'sʞuɐɥʇ 
@_date: 2013-11-14 07:11:39
Gotta love the arguments Yifu puts forth, “The average user is not sophisticated enough to launder Bitcoin.”
All I need to do is go to a BTC/LTC exchange, buy some Litecoins with my "dirty money", then go to another BTC/LTC exchange and sell my litecoins for Bitcoins again. There's even the possibility that miners could provide services to "clean" coins by accepting tainted coins as an exclusive transaction fee, with a little more in addition for the miner as payment to launder the coins, then the miner keeps the little extra as payment and reimburses the rest with other coins as an underground service, without anyone being the wiser. Not to mention efforts like coinjoin, darkwallet etc. Ironically their crackpot idea to "sanitize" coins is going to accelerate projects that will thwart their coin cleaning efforts. 
This will be about as effective as governments seizing domain names to stop file sharers and torrent sites.
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:19:57
[dude.... ]( 
@_date: 2013-10-22 12:41:20
He was also "All in" a year or two ago when the first spike happened, then bailed as the price plummeted.
I think he should keep his investing strategies to himself.
@_date: 2013-02-20 10:13:52
Near frictionless transactions, extremely low fees. Fast settlements of debts without requiring a third party to settle said debt. People that are unable to get a bank account (like the third world), or those that are even refused a bank account, yet want to transact, or receive funds online. Moving money across borders, western union style. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:59:06
People thought it was too late 2 YEARS ago. 
Thus Litecoin. &amp;
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:12:32
I'm a bit of both to be honest. 
@_date: 2013-02-21 07:12:12
One word.
As long as the government gets taxes for purchases in Bitcoin, I think they will be quite happy to let Bitcoin roll along. Bitcoin is more about subverting the powers of big banks rather than undermining the soverignty of governments. Bitcoin is politically neutral and only really hostile to the financial industry. Governments actually have something to gain by allowing Bitcoin to flourish, and that is revenue from taxes. Banks of the world however will be less than pleased to see Bitcoin flourish. Banks will probably howl and demonise Bitcoin, but I'm rather inclined to think the governments will be happy as long as Businesses that transact Bitcoin pay their due in taxes.
It's going to be *very* interesting to see how this game plays out.
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:42:42


Yes, it happens. A lot.


Do a search on reddit's and search "hacked", get ready to read a lot of very sad and shitty stories about people that had the same mentality as you.


If you refuse to take personal responsibility for the security of your own money, then don't come crying here when it's lifted from your machine. Bitcoin is not toy money like paypal where you can cry to someone if the bad men come take it away. It is money where you wear the grown up pants. So if you start using Bitcoin start acting like it's your money.


No it's the result of a complacent society that expects everyone but them to fix their problems.


Borderless, unfreezable, uncontrollable, fast, unchargebackable, unshutdownable, available to the unbankable, programmable money (escrow, microtransactions, smartcontracts, etc). You have no idea why people really value Bitcoin.
And you know what? It's worth it.
@_date: 2013-02-27 09:45:44
Fuck! That's it people, I'm cashing out, I can't believe they got me, those damn dirty hipsters brought me down to their level!
Curse you Bitcoiiiiiiiiiiinnn!!! *shakes fist at monitor*
@_date: 2013-03-02 16:10:26
FYI, I can verifiably say it never crashed down to "pennies". It dropped to $1.90 USD on [Nov 18th 2011]( . based on that premise alone I'd say murf43143 has no idea what he is saying/doing.
A shame, since the calibre of most Bitcoin trolls was so much higher than this in the past, it's like shooting fish in a barrel ;P
Edit: Oh yeah, been here since Satoshi was still on the forums, back in oh, when Slashdot first covered Bitcoin in [July 2010]( but unlike "murf" I'm not going to act like a pompous ass and abuse fellow redditors.
@_date: 2013-05-15 04:56:16
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:05:39
Yes, *decades*. Not weeks.


Now who's sitting on a high horse, hu?
The answer is selfevident, mining old coins is going to undermine the value of coins that already exist. How would permitting theft of other's coins reassure people that the coins they handle belong to the original owners. The blockchain itself is supposed to be an inviolable record of ownership, to permit the lifting of coins potentially from others' pockets, as well as the huge disruptive effect economically will completely undermine the trust in the blockchain. As I stated in my previous post:


The only hope for Bitcoin to recover in your scenario is if the breach to the blockchain hasn't occurred yet, and only if that is the case would it be possible to move coins by the original owners to the new blockchain, it would have to occur within a window such that new blocks could accommodate a surge in traffic as people convert, and happen quickly enough such that the old blockchain's vulnerability could not be breached in the mean time, then after that period new transactions using the new algorithms would only be allowed.
@_date: 2013-04-30 04:39:05
Hate to break it to you but it really is different, compared to 2011 the cause is different, the Bitcoin economy was different and how much it rose/fell, as well as the time it took was different too. I rode out the first overvaluation, and am now riding out the second. I actually think this overvaluation got cut short since the exchanges buckled under the pressure rather than simply a situation of massive overvaluation on it's own. 
I however would much prefer a stable, slowly rising value of Bitcoin but I guess I'll just have to accept the free market method of valuation. The Bitcoin economy will probably need to be 10 to 100 times larger than what it is now before these spikes and dips start to go away.
@_date: 2013-04-03 13:27:37
Glad it wasn't just me then. I'm tearing my hair out wanting to know what the current price is though....
@_date: 2013-11-26 17:50:10
Sounds like you are very new to Bitcoin. The best advice I can give is never risk more than you can afford to lose. Re: exchanges, the big 4 are good, there are also sites that will simply sell your coins, coinbase has proven itself to be pretty good it seems. 
Don't trade unless you are already a very experienced trader. Most people that play it end up losing far more than if they simply bought and held. Re: transfers, once you have Bitcoin it can be sent to any site that handles bitcoin, it is extremely fluid like that. Re: exchange prices, there are lots, some really good ones are bitcoinwisdom.com,  bitcoin.clarkmoody.com .
Also, NEVER "store" your coins on any website or exchange. Just DON'T. Learn how to safely store your coins and learn how to use a Bitcoin client. Also check the sidebar for the link "Security guide". It has a lot of good pointers. Some good clients are Armory, Electrum, Multibit. Never use webwallets unless the amount is fairly small eg. &gt;$100. ALWAYS enable two factor authentication on any site you send bitcoins to. If it doesn't have something like 2fa or yubikey or some kind of secondary authentication other than a password, don't use them. You WILL lose your coins if you send them to a site with shitty security, lots of people are quickly realising that.
When you use bitcoin you are choosing to take responsibility for the security of your own money, be extremely prudent with who/what you trust with your bitcoins with, you're wearing grown up pants now.
@_date: 2013-03-19 05:50:44
Indeed, hell they even have constitutional authority to do so. This may very well be their way of restricting the movement of USD funds into Bitcoin but if Zimbabwe is any indicator, people will do whatever the hell they like. Controlling USD movements into Bitcoin may be somewhat possible but it's going to be about as effective as pinning diarrhoea to a wall. :) If anything it will *spur* movement of more funds into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-30 10:21:59
I only risked as much as I was willing to lose.
I regret nothing.
@_date: 2013-07-26 19:58:43
I prefer to not mislead and update my posts when possible. If that is considered "elite" then I will happily interpret that in a positive light.
FYI I [thanked the mod]( of for updating their sidebar to include If this is what [looking down on libertarian views looks like]( then I suggest you look into my comment history further before you make hasty judgements.
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:08:45
??? 2140 is more than 100 years from now, that is when the subsidies will cease. That is unless life extension therapy happens in our lifetime, then yeah, I guess we should probably get around to future proofing that aspect of Bitcoin ;)
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:20:59
Tell me, how is Bitcoin more vulnerable compared to last April/May.
@_date: 2013-03-12 04:37:26
This is only a miner issue. If you don't mine, you won't be affected, though you should wait a few-several hours before sending any Bitcoins so that you have your transactions included in the correct chain.
@_date: 2013-03-25 13:23:03
Securing the blockchain could become a serious industry if this keeps up.
@_date: 2013-11-15 11:15:35
At the end of the day the buck stops with the miners.
Literally :D
I was thinking the very same thing. If miners were appealed to to refuse to propagate transactions that constantly reused addresses this would make the incentive to adopt "clean" addresses a disincentive. Of course this could also go the oppposite way where the USG simply decides to build 20 warehouses filled with mining machines to preferentially process those transactions anyway and shun blacklisted addresses.
Things would get *very* interesting then.
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:00:57
Signatures mitigate MITM attacks, at the very least. It also establishes reputation. IOW this sig has been used for this version and other users can ratify it does what it says. There are too many people using blind trust assuming that this(these) guy(s) know what they are doing. Even *Google* fucked up the RNG on android and cost users that used the blockchain app thousands of dollars in coins.


What a fucking cop out. In that case bitaddress.org's code is tainted and useless. Better to not use it in that case, and actually use code that people have actually gone to pains to verify, and many users have not only used, but have confirmed to have performed as they expected (the good 'ol reputation standard). The author of armory has done so. What excuse does bitaddress.org have?
@_date: 2013-11-05 13:29:54
This is a good quick and dirty setup, but you still expose the private key to a device that could be compromised, even if it is only for a few minutes. Anyone that uses this should not assume that "only a few minutes" is safer than storing the keys on the device itself for long periods. I know I may sound overly paranoid but I've heard of gnarly hacking of wallets that even seasoned Bitcoin users have been pole-axed by.
Everyone should remember that security begins and ends with them. There is **absolutely no room for error**. One little oversight and "whoops!" there goes your balance.
If anyone adopts OP's method be fully aware that this is only marginally safer than keeping the keys on your device on a permanent basis. On the flip side, this approach would be great for avoiding loss of coins in case your phone is stolen.
I'd only ever risk small amounts with this method. Offline signing of transactions is still the best approach. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:56:11
100% agree, and if they worm out of that then throttle the fuck out of their trade frequency for their accounts.
I'm actually rather stunned MtGox hasn't been taking steps to do this sooner.
@_date: 2013-09-11 00:55:06
I hope he isn't bitter about cashing out so early. I'm sure there are lots of people that did this though. It's just common sense. This is part of the reason I wonder about the number of so-called early adopters that some like to complain about. I'm sure the massive majority that held more than a thousand bitcoins back then have already cashed out. Most, if not all early adopters were never wealthy to begin with so seeing your money increase by a factor of a hundred would put a grin on virtually any person. What with Bitcoin's volatility and all, I highly doubt most people are willing to gamble tens, or even hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
My guess is there's probably only a couple dozen early adopters still sitting on thousands of Bitcoins IMO and they would probably all be the true believers, not gamblers, but hey even true believers need to pay the rent right? :)
@_date: 2013-11-29 11:28:42
Call me arrogant all you like, it doesn't change the facts. Forking the codebase, tweaking some settings, then relabelling it as a different and worthy improvement in my books is a cheap rebranded knockoff. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 11:21:00
I've discussed this, many, many times, so forigve me if i don't reply directly, I refer you to my [previous explanations on why deflation as an argument that the Bitcoin system/economy won't function is a fallacy](


























@_date: 2013-11-20 16:15:44
I think you are assuming that Bitcoin was designed to be a currency system that has superfast payments, and such. But the fact is,
"instant nonrepudiation is not a feature"
--Satoshi Nakamoto
If realtime is what you require, then it behooves the user to find a service that is willing to handle the small 10minute risk to provide a realtime service. Bitpay already does this, as do other services.
From a mining perspective, 10 minutes is to allow blocks to propagate through the entire network. It's actually crazy efficient for what it does, which is sync tens of thousands of machines in a very short period without ever needing a central node. 
You have to shift your perspective away from micropayments and cups of coffee to something like buying online, settling purchase of a car, buying a house, sending money to a guy in Iran, moving your funds across borders etc. to see how insanely efficient Bitcoin really is.
Buying is not designed for in-person purchases, though it does work, it's not really what it was designed to replace. Bitcoin is internet money, it works splendidly for online purchases, sending money overseas, sending money to the unbanked, etc.
@_date: 2013-03-22 13:34:14
I value [Bitcoins more as a store of value than I value fiat]( unfortunately Gresham's law has me right where he expects me to be :/.
Also, I have a frugal lifestyle I quite enjoy, a small, but stable fiat income and all my basic needs are met. Unfortunately changing from fiat in Aus for me incurrs a minimum 10% fee on top, and the things I buy are basically essentials, like coffee, lunch, fuel, electricity, water, etc. It will probably be a while before these expenses can be paid for in Bitcoins where the 10% hike can be mitigated somehow. Bitcoin is more for luxuries, and I have no want of luxuries that Bitcoin can supply, yet. ;)
So barring all that I simply save in Bitcoins and do my part for the Bitcoin economy that way.
@_date: 2013-11-22 12:15:02
Flashbacks of Pearl Harbour all over again.
Edit: Too soon?
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:37:16
Additionally, bitcoin to altcoin conversion is completely frictionless via altcoin exchanges, so there really is no incentive for further alt coin merchant adoption once they accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-15 00:47:21
Sorry bad choice of words, probably better to say default on their spiralling debt rather than default into.
@_date: 2013-09-12 12:44:03
I was supremely pissed when I discovered my stock standard key was unusable with Mt. Gox, it's putting profit ahead of security. I'll be damned if I am going to be *forced* to buy another key at my expense, exclusively from them for no other reason than because Mt. Gox says so.
@_date: 2013-11-26 11:10:49
Dave might be able to help. Don't give up.
@_date: 2013-03-14 06:57:35
[spendbitcoins.com]( 
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:24:54
The user still has to prove they didn't solicit the funds.
@_date: 2013-11-17 03:12:49
I believe you are witnessing the start of a [streisand effect](
@_date: 2013-03-06 15:16:58
It's a tough call. But comparing it to the last time in June 2011 is not a fair assessment in itself. If confidence flags in the price, people don't need to rush the exchanges, they can simply "spend" them. Be it on gold, games, drugs, etc. What most people don't understand is that the last time the price crashed, there was almost nothing to spend Bitcoins on. That in itself is very telling, noone knew what to do with coins so they just bailed through the original channel they got them. No gold ([coinabul]( was established Oct 2011), almost no drugs (Silk road had only *just* made a presence in [Feb 2011](
Bitpay was nonexistent. Blockchain (started in Jan 2012), other more secure wallet providers weren't even concepts yet. 
People have options other than exchanges, they have goods and services they can "cash out" through if they need to. This, regardless of the exchange's liquidity, makes the market even *more* liquid, since no banks need to clear a $50,000 gold buy at coinabul, nor will a $50k buy of gold shake the market since users buying gold is less noticable since it never passed along an exchange.
It's also evident that much of this buying frenzy is likely to new users, not established, or rich buyers (necessarily) flooding the market with money to make an easy profit a few days later.
My advice for what it's worth. Don't panic, this is not necessarily hype, the Bitcoin economy is *far* stronger than it was a year and a half ago, but if you have too much money "invested" in Bitcoins, you'll be doing us all a favour if you bail now.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:07:34
Also depends on who you are and where you live. 
If you are a youth, in a country where getting a bank account is impossible, or in a situation where sending you money is incredibly difficult, getting setup with a bitcoin wallet will be orders of magnitude easier than trying to jump hoops in the old financial system. If you're a homeless guy in America that jumps on public wireless networks, receiving money directly via Bitcoin will be massively simplified compared to any other way. Jason from Sean's Outpost cited real world examples of this too.
Edit: fixed a whopsie.
@_date: 2013-10-31 17:13:42
Indeed, if you wanted to get real paranoid but you were lazy, or just wanted to make sure the copy was done properly instead of by hand, you could by a fresh printer for 50 bucks, print the backups on an air gapped pc with a live cd then dispose of the printer.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:13:32
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:48:52
Indeed, came for the ideology and the dream of a better world, never left, even though my coins went up a factor of 7 in the last few months. I'm happier here than I ever was in the old world.
@_date: 2013-05-10 13:25:11
Wow, 250 BTC at today's prices is *not* a small amount of cash. I strongly recommend you get those coins offline, and pronto.
With such serious amounts of funds I'd manage it using Armory. Forget the inflexibility aspect or usability aspect, security is king. Armory is arguably the safest way to manage and store your coins securely. Armory has deterministic wallets too, albeit not deterministic like electrum's/carbon's. If you **really** feel the need to have money on hand to spend whenever/wherever, split your funds, manage the majority with Armory, and move funds as you need it. This is hardly the PITA some people make it out to be, and if you can confidently audit carbon's code then this will hardly be a taxing task.
Just please don't place all your coins on one address/client where they are regularly in contact with a network connection. That is just begging for someone to rob you.
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:57:16
Trolls will troll.
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:43:52
If you're afraid your coins are going to "plummet back to zero" then you should seriously reassess why you even hold coins. You obviously hold too many and don't trust them as a store of value. Buy them as you need them, and store as much in Bitcoin as you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-12-13 01:07:42
Continue making excuses, it seems that is what you are best at.
Meanwhile motivated people are pushing forward Bitcoin adoption any way they can. If you choose to not be involved, please at least have the good sense to excuse yourself from the table.
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:13:08
Asking [here]( may get a better response, etotheipi (the creator) is much more likely to be able to help, and if it is a bug in the most recent version he may even pay you a bounty for it :)
@_date: 2013-07-24 17:05:00
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:33:33
I [have]( [discussed]( myriad [issues]( with [one]( of the [devs](
Bottomline: Not ready for newbies, but it is definitely starting to move up to par with armory, function-wise.
Edit: But lets not forget something [I said many months]( (4 months in fact) back.. 


I think it's definitely getting there, but its an evolving process, usability-wise it has a ways to go still but it is getting there functionality-wise.
BTW, animazing is an awesome [dev](
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:07:46
I'm quoting your post, I'm referring to you.
@_date: 2013-11-22 11:55:39
That's not even a shot over their bow either, that's very much an opening salvo.
@_date: 2013-11-23 15:50:02






Listen to this man. Electrum and or Armory are excellent solutions for making cold storage wallets. 
Do NOT leave your bitcoins on any online service for any extended period of time. Also, I demand you make sure you enable 2 factor authentication on your coinbase account! There's a link on the sidebar called "Security Guide", it has excellent advice so be sure to check that out too.
@_date: 2013-05-18 20:16:40
Yes, it should, let it sync fully and update everything. It should be fine, if you've done an offline transaction there should be near zero risk, but obviously the blockchain needs to be updated to reflect new changes.
@_date: 2013-02-21 11:19:22
I look at it as an opportunity to sharpen my debating skills and further expand my knowledge of Bitcoin, economics, and how to best deal with toxic personalities on the subject. 
FUD can be tiring at times, but I find the fervent discussion can reveal truths I was not prepared for, and also helps me to think deeper on the subject, rather than just let loose a stream of vitriol at the person. Patience, an open mind, and well reasoned thoughts can win over people far easier and faster that bringing a verbal sledgehammer to the discussion.
But yeah, some people are jerks. ;)
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:15:23
try,  they have excellent instructions for making safe, and secure Bitcoin wallets. I highly recommend them.
@_date: 2013-03-21 07:03:32
nooooo! at this rate will be just round the corner!
@_date: 2013-03-17 14:08:43


I'd consider that another instance of Bitcoin's antifragility. Their incentive to protect the greater network was more beneficial than short term profit, thus the fork threat actually rallied those that depended on Bitcoin to fix the problem, since to do otherwise would have seen them hurt far more badly.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:30:26
Says the altcoin shill/troll/ALLCAPS. (oh don't worry, I checked your comment history)
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:02:58
Watch MtGox on bitcoinwisdom. That's where the main event is, everything else is arbitrage from what I can see.
@_date: 2013-11-21 12:24:48
Apple specialises in walled gardens, not open gardens.
@_date: 2013-02-19 07:25:44
Nowadays there are a lot of unit tests that prospective Bitcoin clients can be tested against to ensure their behaviour is the same as the reference client. This is about as close to a protocol spec there is at the moment. There was brief talk of a formal documentation of the protocol, but was pretty much dismissed as a waste of effort since the reference client and unit tests *are* the spec. A formal write-up was not seen as very productive for any developers and would require constant vigilance to ensure the document was up to date. Something no-one, even those that were pushing hard for a formal document, were willing to commit to.
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:44:08
What *are* you spouting? You wanted the silver bullet scenario where the blueprints for breaking all/some of the of the cryptographic functions is proven beyond doubt, and not only that, but made so ridiculously easy to break that a couple supercomputers could do it in a week or two.
It simply doesn't play out like that, and if it did, I believe my scenario stands. Point me to a scenario where a cryptographic function that is used for a vast number of sensitive implementations worldwide has been outright broken in one fell swoop such that it would result in a security breach that, once made public, would be impossible to contain since the time and effort needed to develop and switch to a new function would take so long that communications would be breached in the meantime.
This is your fanciful scenario. Reality is these functions are hardened over years and years, such that IF a weakness is found then it will be something that is likely to be remote in it's likelihood and narrow in it's effects over it's functionality. FYI, I never said a weakness would never be found, I said your silver bullet, [Mercury Rising]( scenario that you imply is simply not going to come to pass. 
And frankly, the possibility of nuclear war IS more likely than these hash functions being broken in the next hundred years.
@_date: 2013-03-23 12:17:55
Aussie reporting in. Was too busy getting drunk to sell. It was a Friday after all.
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:17:08
more users = more posts = hopefully more upvotes of posts that are relevant. There's so many new users recently, it may take a while for things to settle down and the new users to get their footing.
@_date: 2013-12-22 06:23:52
It's an overused and shallow statement, not because it couldn't happen, but because it is a stance that many employ because they are trying to hedge their opinion both ways. If Bitcoin fails and it is supplanted they get to say they were right, if Bitcoin succeeds, they get to claim they were right, if Bitcoin fails and disappears into obscurity they can still claim that a successor will come forth, (and that they were right).
It's the perfect hedging statement so that they can be positive about Bitcoin without being made fun of if it tanks down the line.
They want to look like they are part of the "in" crowd if it takes off so they can say "I told you so", but they also want to be part of the mainstream that can say "I told you so" if it fails.
It's a cowardly stance and shows that they are simply a fence sitter. Be for, or against by all means, but this wishy-washy BS really gives me the shits.
@_date: 2013-03-20 08:39:50
Funnily, all that separates Bitcoin from being a real currency under their definition is for a country to adopt Bitcoin as legal tender. I'm sure they'll move the goalposts once that happens though.
@_date: 2013-10-25 14:45:37
Honestly, I consider it to simply be a guy talking about something he has no comprehension of. It's belittling to make such an assertion, but frankly, where's the evidence of his observations or predictions?
Any case studies? Papers? Statistical analysis? Empirical evidence? It doesn't help that the guy AFAIK has no qualifications in any field related to Bitcoin either (whoops! he, I quote, "studied "International Politics and Economics", but I feel the work I did outside of those boundaries is much more meaningful" . Great. 
His observations, analysis and predictions are about as good as me reading tea-leaves.
@_date: 2013-11-03 06:40:13
Although I think Bitcoin still has a long and windy road ahead for some years to come, I agree, the general public sentiment is definitely shifting from "crackpot" to "the future". Nearly all of my friends are still not sold on the idea, probably because they are heavily invested in the existing financial world, but my family has in recent months stopped getting on my case regarding wasting my time on Bitcoins and often ask me what the price is and how much I am worth now (!). And my parents were deeply sceptical back when I began this journey. I think once it hit the business section in my regional newspaper they finally had the social proof needed to actually begin to take me seriously (bit of a gut kick to have my parents ignore me, but somehow take a crappy newspaper at it's word but thems the brakes I guess). 
Taught me a lot more about human nature as a result though. People very much have a sheep mentality, and for many they need authority figures to embrace an idea first before the larger part of society begins to embrace those new ideas. Very few people want to be the ones that jump in first. It's shown me how scary effective the media is at leading public opinion too.
But with all movements "the first follower is what turns a lone nut into a leader". Considering how early I got into Bitcoin, I could probably class myself as part of the first "wave" of followers, part of the initial group of people that initially flocked to Satoshi's idea when he was still on the forums. The amount of shit Bitcoin copped back then was truly breathtaking too, not now though, it's almost turning into the opposite, media is beginning to ridicule those that *don't* take Bitcoin seriously now, that is I think a true indicator that something special is beginning to happen.
I think we are finally at the tipping point where "we have momentum" as the guy says. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 07:49:54
Regular people really struggle to process just how revolutionary and powerful Bitcoin is. People are also very risk averse when it comes to money and rarely take huge risks (unless it is in the form of huge loans that take decades to pay off, go figure). These people are also not used to a radically different system of money, so to hear huge increases of value in short periods of time is usually (incorrectly) interpreted as a scam of some sort. 
The best way I find to win someone over is to use it. People need social proof to begin accepting it as a real alternative. Even myself, I was hugely into Bitcoin but even I had to go through the process of buying something valuable with it for that final clicking moment where I could, with certainty say, I used it like money, and it worked. There's nothing more convincing than seeing the money change hands and getting something in return for it, even if you are just exchanging it back for dollars.
Maybe get them some gifts for christmas, and buy them with Bitcoin (make sure you point out that fact), if there's a chance they will be inclined to use it, give them some Bitcoins and point them to some sites where they can use them.
People need to see it has tangible uses, so lead by example and show them the power of Bitcoin :)
@_date: 2013-02-25 17:55:23
Any currency, or more loosely referred to as [money]( the world over, is officiated by a central authority. I would concede that "sovereign state" is too narrow a term though, money with an officiated issuance and centralised authority, either governmental, corporate, or organised. Not decentralised and algorithmic as Bitcoin is. It's a bit of a mouthful describing it like that though.
@_date: 2013-02-22 08:08:51
Thanks for pointing out other things about Sanger, unfortunately when I read she was a major mover of birth control I assumed  (wrongly) she was pro individual rights, and women's rights, regardless of race. Unfortunately I ran with that.
Thanks for putting me straight :)
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:49:13
Read the same article in my local paper, there's no mention she actually bought any.
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:21:18
Luke also tired to sabotage multisignaure implementation when all miners had to hardfork to enable it. 
Luke believed his implementation was better than Gavin's, even though the majority of the devs at the time preferred Gavin's.
He then set about releasing his own patched version of Bitcoind, set it going on his own pool, and then went around encouraging others to use his implementation.
He was an obstinate dick and it caused a huge rift where Gavin was constantly battling to keep focused on implementing multisignatures, and Luke was intent on destabilising these efforts wherever possible. 
Fortunately Luke acted like the child he was (with history to prove it), and Gavin, incredibly, managed to keep his cool. As a result Most of the Bitcoin community banded behind Gavin and effectively gave Luke the finger.
His little stunt has tarnished his reputation though. I respect his technical contributions, but that in no way gave him licence to behave so maliciously and childishly.
The guy has ego problems.
@_date: 2013-03-14 14:44:22
No problem :)
@_date: 2013-03-26 17:57:20
tsk, tsk, *saving* Eric, *saving* ;)
@_date: 2013-03-17 08:41:23
Hmmm... it is interesting. It may be the ones supporting LTC are hedging against failure of Bitcoin. To be frank though, I have little confidence in stocks being an indicator of growth. It needs lots of people using a currency for it to have any long term value. You could have LTC rise to be ten times more valuable than BTC, but if it's only held by 1/10th the number of people compared to Bitcoin, it's stability will suffer greatly. There is nothing technologically superior when comparing LTC to BTC. Litecoin was developed and released for all the wrong reasons IMO, it wanted to one-up BTC on a societal equality, and convenience  front, not any innovative front. I've revisited litecoin a couple times thinking I'd get involved but everytime I've asked myself why I am bothering with a tech that offers no tangible advantage over Bitcoin, thus I have not used litecoins. 
To me Bitcoin is the original innovator and disruptor. It has had staying power over the years I've known it. Litecoin is a pale imitation, what's more if it did up itself in popularity, ironically a new group of people would complain they did not get into litecoin early enough and spawn a new chain for the exact same reasons litecoin did.
@_date: 2013-12-30 10:41:59
It's because of the social contract that comes with using bitcoins. People adopted Bitcoin because they knew with absolute certainty that the only way that new coins could be distributed to users was mining via confirming blocks. To suddenly throw the gates open to a free-for-all on money that rightly belonged to others because of a flaw in the cryptographic algorithms used is a huge breach of trust of every single user that ever saw value in using the protocol. This was never part of the agreement, lost coins were meant to stay lost and that value was to be redistributed to those that continued to hold and keep safe the coins they have. 
Mining, or reclaiming old coins has been discussed a huge amount on the bitcointalk forums and the resounding response is that no lost coins, even if they can be "discovered" via a flaw in the cryptography used should be permissible under any circumstances. [The devs agree]( on [this point.](
I compiled a list of threads a while back on the lost coins discussion. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 09:23:35
It's a trade off, in a decentralised situation such as this having pool operators means that Bitcoin is more responsive to issues like the fork, however it also means that Bitcoin's functioning can become political very quickly as pool ops begin to feel a sense of entitlement because of the power they bring to the network at the behest of those using the pool.
p2pool at least is an alternative that is ready right now for people to use. Until Bitcoin becomes more properly implemented and the mining gold rush settles down we may have to live with the fact that mining pools that are run centrally are going to be a mainstay of Bitcoin mining in the future. 
Bitcoin still has a number of growing pains ahead of it and pool operators are providing a level of responsiveness and communication that would likely be impossible for a heavily distributed mining network. 
The silver lining is that pool operators don't own most of the hashing power they control, so individual miners can essentially move pools in a heartbeat if a pool op is being a dick. So in that way there is still a level of decentralisation going on.
@_date: 2013-02-21 11:02:43
Thanks! :)
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:12:06
Even if 50% of miners just stopped, each block would be solved in 20 mins, and this would also mean it is twice as profitable for miners that stick around, so the incentive to continue mining in the interim essentially doubles, not to mention, those that want their transactions to clear faster will have incentive to include a slightly higher transaction fee to jump the queue while the network is slower.
@_date: 2013-09-18 09:34:28




It means there is no monopoly on the existing money supply by new adopters since it is still in the expansion phase. 
Unlike central distribution where the most powerful get to manage the new money (ie. banks and governments), in the Bitcoin inflation phase, it happens only once, slowly tapers out over dozens of years and goes to those that wish to have a vested interest in seeing Bitcoin succeed. With Bitcoin's high inflation the way it is, it means the value of a single coin won't skyrocket in the early years. It essentially means that early adopters won't get such a huge advantage as everyone that isn't an early adopter wants to believe. It will likely take a decade or more before we can truly call the early adopter period over and only then will the value of a Bitcoin float according to the existing supply of money and not get watered down by inflation of the money supply. It also means noone has any chance of monopolising the Bitcoin money as a whole over this period, likely by the time all the bitcoins are distributed it will be so thoroughly mixed among different classes of people, countries and industries it will be impossible to monopolise by any one agent, even Satoshi himself with his theorised million Bitcoins.
That's what moral_agent was getting at. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:06:22
A dog with rabies is still a dog. It, looks, barks, growls, whines etc. It is however fundamentally broken on the inside and its effects can quickly spread through the community. The question is would you let that dog roam the community?
No you don't, MtGox is that twitching beast right now and even though it *looks* like it's doing the job of an exchange, it is in no state to be roaming the exchange market as a trustable indicator of the value of Bitcoins currently. It is obvious that the lag is completely distorting trading and can't function until properly until it is addressed, or at least worked around.
Other exchanges should be taking note of this and hardening their exchanges to try and help prevent what happened to MtGox happening to them too.
@_date: 2013-09-26 12:35:54
Interesting concept. Incredibly poor execution. Considering Opencoin holds, a huge slice of all ripple coins, it's pretty much a dead currency. Using this currency only helps to line the pockets of yet another corporate entity intent on profit at all costs. May as well stick with good old fiat for all the usefulness ripple actually provides.
Arbitrarily distributed, majority of all coins centrally controlled, and corporately controlled? Fuck ripple.
I'll stick with my fairly distributed, completely decentralised, owned by no one cryptocurrency thanks. Why the hell is this even ON is the first place?
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:10:04
The Bitcoin network is incredibly transparent. Far more transparent than the old money system. People will know when a huge movement of money occurs and they can precisely measure the money velocity and other factors. 
This kind of analysis is unheard of in the old money system.
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:44:20
Neither is safe. 
The only way to be 99.9% sure you're Bitcoins will be safe is to store them offline and sign transactions offline. That said I have used blockchain with 2 factor and such with no problems, but I would never risk more than a few hundred dollars of Bitcoins with such a service.
Keep your coins offline on a freshly installed, never connected to the net machine with secure passwords and encrypted storage. Armory is excellent at bridging the gap between sending transactions and accessing offline funds.  If you do all that, it won't really matter if it is a mac or PC.
@_date: 2013-03-14 14:00:54
Ok I'm gonna try to hash this out.
I'd first like to say I am no economist, and I'd also like to say that my "solution" is probably going to seem rather alien. This is simply because as I see it, Bitcoin is an economic system that simply doesn't play by the normal economics rules that you're used to, so bear with me:
Your first question:
To condense what you outlined, Why would a bank with other people's money lend to someone when the bank must use Bitcoin's (since fractional reserve banking can't allow you to make value from thin air)?
Bank's roles in a Bitcoin economy would be very different, their risk for lending would be much higher since a loan that fails would see the bank pay the loss from their own profits or worse from their client's BTCs. Loans would probably be much smaller for high risk and larger for low risk (like it is today but probably much stricter), and they would likely only lend to those that have a very high chance of paying it back, so getting to know your customer, their credit history, but again, much stricter. Regarding interest, even a tiny amount of interest is going to be significant since there would not be an inflationary system whittling the value over time. This would probably mean that loans would be over a much shorter time period too. If that couldn't settle the justification for loaning the money since you reckon a closed loop economy such as this can't do this, then there's always the fact that growing the Bitcoin economy means you increase the value of all the holdings the bank has, or if that doesn't satisfy you then we can explore the more abstract benefit of the bank's getting people to improve society on their behalf (I'll explain further in the next question). Loaning in order to stimulate the economy via inducement to convince others to spend via new products and increase job creation etc. so that more money circulates would help ramp up the value of the coins the Bank already has and improve the quality of life for society in general.
Just think "value adding".
Your second question:
Indeed in your situation the interest on the loan means there's not enough "money" to go around to justify a loan. Your very tiny economy of three does work though. Lets just look at it from a slightly different perspective. Think of the reasons for why the loan should be made in the first place. In a closed system like this noone wants to spend their coins, one must have an incentive to loan the coins. Lets see if in this economy of three we can find a situation where Alice can loan her coins, get Bob what he wants from the loan, and get Alice back her coins while also adding a bit more on top. Ok, so, say:
* Alice has 100 BTC, and she wants to make a better life for everyone but such as housing the homeless but only has BTC and is not able to, or doesn't want to build homes herself, so she'll only lend if shes getting something out of it.
* Bob has no BTC and needs 100 BTC so he can build a hotel. Bobs wants to make money by making a hotel but can't build it himself (nor can he afford it himself). He needs someone to do it for him though.
* Carl is homeless, but has the skills to build the hotel for Bob. 
1. Bob makes his pledge that building the house will be good for the community (because he has connections with Carl who he knows will use the hotel) and that by doing so she'll see a return on her investment, namely the fulfilment of reducing the number of homeless people.
2. Based on these promises, Alice agrees and lends Bob the 100 BTC.
3. Bob hires Carl get the materials and do the work. Carl, lucky him gets paid a wage from the job. He gets 100 BTC for his trouble.
4. Bob now has a house and since Bob has space and needs to pay the loan agrees to let Carl stay with him.
5. After a long enough time Alice gets all her money back from Bob via Carl. Her dream of a world where no-one is homeless is beginning to be realised.
6. So, where is the extra value? Well even though we are back at the beginning with all parties having exactly the same amount of coins, we also have a house that would never have come into existence unless Alice had lent the coins.
7.  Bob now has a hotel and can start charging others now, Alice and Carl and possible customers he can pull in and since Alice has some/all of her money back she can use his service and Bob can finally reap the fruits of his efforts.
By the end of this you might be thinking you've been cheated, there is still only 100BTC, Alice never got more money etc. etc. Sorry to say it but The current system we live in is unsustainable, it will reach a financial end point where it will be worthless because all the value will be wrung out of it. The system that uses Bitcoin however is fairly straightforward, given the tiny nature of the "economy" deflation has reached a stable level since all the coins that ever will be are already in Alice's hands (you did say "an economy of three people"). The Bitcoins acted as a form of value transfer, seamlessly allowing Alice to use her money to get extra value according to her without actually spending it.
Loaning can work but the results are different. Scaling this up, your next question probably is "how could this possibly work in today's society??", well, it would probably make our society a helluvalot fairer, we probably would be wasting nowhere near as many resources since loans would only be made to those that have a much higher chance of repaying, and the results would have to be self-evident, everyone would probably have a better quality of life since the onus would no longer be on spending, but rather saving. Businesses would be shitloads more accountable, and since people would be more interested in saving over spending we would see proper VALUE FOR MONEY products and services. Stockmarkets would still have a place that would fill the niche of riskier loans for the higher payoff, but again, there'd be more accountability since it would be far harder to make value appear from thin air. Again, more accountability. People would probably be a lot smarter and less inclined to be gullible too. Probably a lot less wars being waged by Governments too since they would actually need to have real verifiable money on hand to have justification to kill people. From that you'd probably see a lot less atrocities and more diplomacy too (since it's cheaper).
@_date: 2013-05-14 15:02:59
I disagree, Armory is hands down the simplest, safest and easiest to use when it comes to security, and that is *with* an offline wallet. Unfortunately many people on this thread seem to think that if it takes effort and takes longer to do compared to instant, it is too difficult to do, and not worth doing.
Unfortunately if this thread is anything to go by, we are going to see many more instances of people having their funds stolen, all because doing it the right way is too time consuming and inconvenient for them.
Makes me sad.
@_date: 2013-05-11 09:04:16
You're about 50% there. The first half is generally right, but the problem you currently have won't untangle itself when deterministic wallets become synonymous down the track. It involves you doing a little rearranging to get things right your end. You can do this a couple ways.
(ultra) Simple solution: Send the remaining funds from Bitcoin-qt to an address that exists in the blockchain.info wallet and use funds on the blockchain.info wallet from now on (or vice-versa and use Bitcoin-qt from now on, your choice). That will straighten everything out, prevent this from happening again, and make it less confusing.
Harder solution: Find the private key in the Bitcoin-qt wallet that received the change, and import this key into your blockchain.info wallet. This is definitely more fiddly but you can avoid potentially paying a transaction fee. That is if you are a real scrooge and don't want to pay 0.0005 BTC ;).
Bottom line would be ATM to pick one of the two clients and stick to it, or if you feel adventurous have two separate wallets, but not mix/import private keys in the future so you can avoid this confusion in the future.
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:50:05


I'm extremely bullish but I think it is *verrrry* unlikely. I envisage Amazon getting in on the act at least until the market cap of Bitcoin hits 100+ Billion, minimum. However, I expect hundreds, if not thousands will cut their lunch in the meantime, so I hardly think it necessary that Amazon be in on the game for Bitcoin to flourish.


Bitcoins are divisible down to 8 decimal places, 0.00000001 is the smallest unit.


No no, lets **revolutionise** the financial industry, and show them how a **REAL** economy should function! ;)
@_date: 2013-11-14 12:12:24
The free market will devastate the sales of any merchant that tries to employ this as a way of getting on government's good side. The money is completely frictionless and will simply move to another market where merchants *will* accept their coins. These so-called "green lists" introduce friction on the few merchants that decide (or are forced) to opt-in, so what little advantage (if any) there were is completely offset by the hassle and lost revenue of those that they inevitably will be turning away.
I highly doubt any sane merchant will willfully adopt this so they can actively turn away customers.
Hopefully everyone will see it for what it is and the "greenlist" guys will be laughed out of the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-01-15 02:25:07
[Wheres my money Brian!](
This is where I see ripple heading. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 14:48:55
Asicminer was initially the only company manufacturing and mining using ASIC hardware. When you're the only publicly traded company, and the Bitcoins are rolling in, it's obvious that demand for their stock is going to rocket. Now however we have several new players moving in, coupled with the fact that AM is not a completely transparent company, it means holders may want to sell now and diversify investing in other Asic mining startups. The fierceness of the competition for producing newer more efficient chips though is rather surprising, 4-5 new startups manufacturing supposedly far more efficient chips is certainly going to shake confidence in AM, even if it has been the leader, performed as expected, and always delivered.
Edit: Activemining is not going to see yields for around two months, why you'd sell Active shares to catch a falling knife is rather confusing, though active has been slumping too since the Avalon chips deal fell through, but I think AM is definitely on the decline, there is significant, legitimate competition now, (also as the value of Bitcoin goes up the value of each share will correct down as well, also something to keep in mind). I think the recent slump is more likely due to the Bitcoin price than any specific news.
Just my 2 satoshi.
@_date: 2013-11-03 16:10:34
Yes, yes, yes, but be aware that it may not get in a block or at least take a long time to get into a block since other transactions with fees get priority, also transactions with lots of small inputs may require a fee to have any hope of getting in because the transaction size is too large to simply be fee-free. If the transaction never gets in it doesn't mean you coins are lost it simply means you may need to retransmit the transaction and if that fails, it may be prudent to then re-do the transaction with the fee, because, you know, miners are not your transaction verifying slaves after all.... they too need to pay the bills.
@_date: 2013-11-14 17:17:31
Unfortunately Mike is riding a slippery slope, but you can't dispute he is genuinely concerned (as we all should be) about crimes committed against others. But blaming the money is about as backward as putting a knife on trial for murder. Tracking coins connected to crimes is the responsible thing to do, but going so far as endangering a coins fungibility, and dragging in impartial organisations like the Bitcoin Foundation is where the line should be firmly drawn. It's not within The Bitcoin Foundation's jurisdiction to decide when a crime has been commited using coins. Only the country in question has the authority to "mark" coins if they are connected to a crime, but that crime needs to also have been committed on a citizen within their boarders. The Foundation should leave this to the computer forensics department of whatever relevant police department where the crime was reported. Protecting people's privacy, the value of bitcoins themselves, as well as helping authorities catch the bad guys is a terribly difficult balancing act. BUT, we've already seen first hand that crimes connected to bitcoin can still be solved and suspects arrested when authorities have the resources and training to properly investigate crimes without blowing everyone's privacy wide open. Adding more arrows to the quiver in the form of strategies that continue to stop crime, yet respect privacy, and not result in discriminating against "tainted" coins is IMO possible. And I think governments know this, but they simply want authority to do everything/anything with impunity because they can. Fortunately for us, Bitcoin will simply honey badger on past any government's demands and do what it does regardless.
Mike is a very smart guy, he has added to Bitcoin immensely and his heart is definitely in the right place so it's unfair to start calling him names because he wants to dissuade shady characters from hurting innocent users. I think Mike is completely off base with any kind of taint strategy, but I think he is genuinely interested in alternative solutions.
@_date: 2013-10-23 08:47:15
I might be making an incorrect assumption then. The reason I said you "bailed" was because I distinctly remember in the very first publication of the Bitcoin Magazine that you were interviewed, you were asked whether you had any bitcoin after the first spike. Your response, I quote, "I'm currently expecting a continued contraction  for a couple of days so I'm out of position. I will buy back when I see signs of reversal upwards". That was published May 2012 and I'm assuming you had claimed previous to that you had liquidated all your savings to Bitcoin (I remember reading it somewhere, and I'm certain you did so during the first big spike to 32). Admittedly I may be reading too much into that comment and you may indeed have just hedged instead of pulled out entirely, but by those comments I assumed you pulled out the vast majority of your savings back to fiat.
It's a trifling matter, but I'd shield yourself from further controversy by not investing more than you are willing to lose, and being a little pragmatic about how much you reveal regarding how invested you are in Bitcoin so it doesn't bite you later :P
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:36:34
Not to be rude, but screw the moon and mars, I want social change, here, on earth.
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:20:18
Renowned VC going out of their way to fund Bitcoin startups. Looks like we can stop trying to convince Bitcoin is money and simply start using it! Me gusta.
@_date: 2013-12-07 16:41:38
Well, the source from OP is an investment banker, with experience in the finance sector, and is a native Chinese. 
Are you also a native Chinese investment banker with experience in the financial sector? If so then by all means we should take your concerns seriously, if not....
@_date: 2013-03-24 12:30:06
I remember a poster on Bitcointalk bought at around $16, watched the rise and fall. Thought he'd lost it all. Then on the way back up sold at $11 because he was desperate to get the value of his botched investment back.
He "invested" $12,000 initially. If he had just sat tight for two years he would would now have $45,000.
Think about that.
@_date: 2013-02-22 02:33:08
$31.50 is the best I can remember. It was so brief, pretty much anything above $30 is a good enough milestone.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:05:07
Firstly never speculate AKA "invest", in Bitcoin what you aren't willing to lose. I would personally advise people to never invest in Bitcoin, they should *use* Bitcoin rather than simply buy and hold, (unless they are a real Maverick and want to save via Bitcoin). Secondly, this author is fussing over a burnt match (Bitcoin), while directly behind him there is a goddamn forest fire (the multiple, years long financial crisis the world is currently at a loss to fix, all perpetuated by banks/governments), if he's so worried about these purported Bitcoin "pyramid schemers" then maybe he should get a little more angry at the central banks of the world's infinite money strategy, rather than whining over Bitcoin, and lastly, he completely misses the point that this currency was spawned from zero. It HAS to get people invested in Bitcoin in order to  build organically, from scratch, a worldwide, robust, massive, and completely dynamic self-regulating network...
from nothing.
So yeah, people are incentivised to help make the Bitcoin network by having a share in it's success. It cannot succeed any other way. It needs smart, resourceful, passionate people, and each subsequent success see them rewarded. Bitcoin has never been, and never will be a free lunch.
Any person that sees it as a get rich scheme a la pyramid scheme is deluding themselves.
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:55:27


Good man, spectating is safe.


Projecting your feelings on others is not appropriate though. Some like to gamble, others like to flirt with danger, and some will openly punch a bear in the face, but to assume everyone is 100% risk averse is simply projecting your own feelings on them.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:32:51
I personally hold no grudge [against sellers]( But that said, there are definitely emotional buyers/sellers and I do my part to try and talk people down from [buying too](
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:10:05
I agree it is huge, which is why you don't rush things. Making the general public alpha testers and expecting (or even encouraging them) to risk their own money is not the mark of a careful and concientious developer. Back in Bitcoin's heyday yes, that is exactly what Satoshi did, but we absolutely have more testing method compared to back then. The testnet code is right there, ready to go, AFAIK no-one has even run this code on a small testnet implementation yet (please correct me if I'm wrong), zerocoin was only released several months ago, and by the sounds of is still being actively optimised. What happens if a huge optimisation is found and it can't be rolled out to the alt chain. Will the devs, just go, oops, sorry guys we'll need to start from scratch, all that money you used will need to be somehow migrated to the next iteration of the blockchain or it will be lost.
Thats not an acceptable method for either testing or improving the code. That's utter selfishness IMO. It should be tested in steps, and rigorously before someone even contemplates encouraging the public to start using it. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:29:08
Once there is regulatory certainty for those thousands of businesses refusing to adopt Bitcoin because they are afraid of legal repercussions, I'm sure it will correct.
@_date: 2013-02-19 18:05:12
Agreed. I think it speaks of a coder that has a truly fundamental understanding of value transfer. Satoshi not only had his ducks in a row pseudonymously, he had a real fundamental understanding of value transfer on a level almost all of us are yet to get a grasp of. This is why I love the guy, he really did want us to think of not just privacy, but to completely rethink the whole fundamental concept as finance really is.
This kind of innovation takes balls, and I totally understand why he scrubbed himself from the net. This really is a disruptive method of value transfer and governments will want to make an example of anyone that pioneers this type of dissent.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:29:56
I know, I was blown away by the hidden capabilities Satoshi has already integrated into the Bitcoin protocol. We'll feel like barbarians looking back 10 years knowing that this stuff was just beneath the surface and we never used it :/
@_date: 2013-03-31 19:44:01
@_date: 2013-01-31 09:03:26
They did indeed smash that wall. Interesting times are here again....
@_date: 2013-04-07 08:20:59
When the most significant contributions of Litecoin is updating the codebase with the most recent changes in the Bitcoin project, I'd hardly call that a fork. At best it's rebranding.
They only acknowledge the Bitcoin codebase because if they didn't they'd suffer legal repercussions like solid coin did when [Luke Dashjr sent take-downs]( because they didn't include the correct licensing.
The premise of Litecoin was sourgrapes at not being part of the lucky early adopter crowd because they could no longer mine on their CPUs anymore. [I read the threads back then]( a vast number of the positive response to Litecoin was simply because new users wanted to produce a chain where they were early adopters, not because Litecoins had any kind of innovative features, simply because it was easier to mine and get coins on it, it was always about the perceived unfairness of GPU mining compared to CPU mining which was occurring right around that time. It was presented as an "alternative" because many other chains tried to pre-mine before releasing their clients.  Litecoin narrowly dodged this by focusing their PR on looking "fair". It was obvious the network effect simply wasn't happening for other chains because of the dishonesty around them. It is just a way of scalping value from Bitcoin, other than this reason alone, it has zero redeeming qualities.
Here's a list from the above links of acknowleged failed chains in the Litecoin thread. Feel free to make whatever excuses you like to justify Litecoin's legitimacy or reason for it's continued existence. I know myself that Litecoin has only lasted as long as it has because it is just a poor imitation based on greed rather than being an outright scam. In the end though, it will fall away just like the others.
  *  ixcoin - Nasakioto premined 580k coins. Seemed like a pump and dump. Competed with Bitcoin for GPU resources - Dead (~2 gh/s)
  *  i0coin - Basically ixcoin without the premine. Not much support was given to this coin after it was released. - Dead (~5 gh/s)
  *  SolidCoin - Innovative quick transaction times. Appears to have been run aground by CoinHunter, its creator, due to insecure changes and immature forum presence. - Dead, shutdown by CoinHunter
  *  GeistGeld - Lolcust premined 7.7 million coins.  15 second block time is probably a bit extreme. - Alive, but limping (~15 gh/s)
  *  Tenebrix - Lolcust premined 7.7 million coins.  CPU proof of work using scrypt is very innovative.  Price doing fairly well on btc-e.com. - Alive (~0.003 gh/s)
  *  Fairbrix - Basically Tenebrix without the premine.  First launch was crippled due to bad config.  Relaunch attacked initially - Doing OK now, but no exchange so far. - Alive, but limping (~0.0001 gh/s)
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:45:14
I think there's going to come a time for many Australian users where tax is going to become a real issue. I know that if Bitcoin increased by up to 10X more (altogether likely in the next year or two), I'm definitely going to need to see a lawyer so that when I report my income, I want to be sure I am in the tax man's good books.
This is something I have definitely mused over, and if the price keeps going up will definitely need to face, even though I have no intention of cashing out, just spending, etc.
Points, 1, 3, 5, I think will definitely be services that will be needed in the future, but most importantly, tax considerations. I'm sure there are going to be a few Australian bitcoin millionaires in the next couple years that will want to buy a house/car/fund a business, etc. that will need to cash out, or may even want to simply do it with Bitcoins.
Having legal advice for these types of situations I think is going to valuable in the future, and if the law firm is willing to accept Bitcoins as payment. Even better.
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:54:19
It is people like him that give governments so much power.
@_date: 2013-03-15 16:51:11
I don't mind critics, they keep me honest and level headed when I talk about Bitcoin. As I've said in the past, I'm all for passionate debate and challenging others' ideas, but there is a line. If a self proclaimed critic start spouting baseless, opinionated, inflammatory crap...
I will ~~step in to correct~~ downvote them.
@_date: 2013-10-29 01:47:24
I was comparing their approach to pricing and how delays hurt/help in each approach.
@_date: 2013-11-28 13:36:57
Yep, no matter how hard litecoin tries, it will always be second to the party and playing catchup.
As long as Bitcoin functions as advertised, it will always be ahead of every other competitor. Litecoin has no distinguishing features that will see it stream ahead since it is almost identical.
Being second is old news. 
@_date: 2013-07-28 15:57:43
If you are indeed THE M.N.W. from the Bitcointalk forums then heed this. 
This is why that bet of yours got you into so much shit.
Stop fucking with people.
fyi, if this isn't an incredibly lame troll, [sha256 was created in collaboration with the NSA](
Fucking hell dude, get your act together.
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:56:55
I bet that guy ditching his drive with 7,000 is one of many people that ran their bitcoin mining program for a couple of days (yes it took only that long), accrued a couple thousand and forgot/lost their coins soon after.
Considering their value, and the stories that have very strong parallels that are cropping up nowadays, it's entirely likely.
@_date: 2013-10-27 11:16:27
Considering nearly every alt is based on the Bitcoin codebase or largely modeled after it (even ripple), I think this is a weak argument. It simply means that a flaw in Bitcoin will break every other alt out there too. The database flaw that struck down Bitcoin will strike down every other alt that still uses the flawed code. Not to mention that as Linus Torvalds once said, "given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow". Now consider all these alts preoccupying a huge number of developers (lord knows Opencoin definitely scapled some brilliant developers that were working on Bitcoin at the time) that would instead, given the absence of these alt currencies, most likely be working on improving and fixing the existing Bitcoin codebase. All these useless alts undermine Bitcoin's stability and waste invaluable resources that could be better used to continue driving the Bitcoin wedge into the economies of the world. Instead we have people arguing over toy alts, and pet ideas, while governments and banks get the vital time they need to control the cryptocurrency space.
We don't need competition, the currencies of the world are *ample* competition. Redundancy is pointless if every man and his dog simply rebrands Bitcoin and tweaks the settings. We need *proper innovation*, and it won't be coming from alts any time soon, this is largely why all alts are derided by the vast number of Bitcoin users.
Edit: typos
@_date: 2013-03-12 13:09:52
 ... goddamnit! I knew I should have cleared this with our dear leader first D:
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:38:29
Yep, I'm honestly wondering where the fire is. I see people screaming, alarms ringing, people throwing their children out of windows, people rushing for the exits, and I'm just standing here wondering why. It's not like i've come to the party late, I've been here the whole time! Panic is infectious so it may well be all the newbies got greedy, expected a crash, and pretty much primed themselves to spook at anything. 
I'm almost inclined to believe that people lost their shit because they were already razzed up by the recent up-down activity and were under the expectation that something bad *had* to happen. I swear I'll be soooo glad when Bitcoin gets bigger, not necessarily because of the price increase, but because newbies' irrational investing strategies will be pushed out by bigger, and smarter money.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:08:20
This correction has only dropped from the highest value by about 3/4, big to be sure, but the 2011 bubble dropped the price to about 1/16th of the price. I think Bitcoin will be fine long term if Mt Gox can hold it together long enough... the protocol is fine, it's the exchanges that are in a spot of trouble ATM. :/
@_date: 2013-04-10 11:48:28
You are correct, I believe it was because Dwolla got adopted as a payment processor and a buildup of interest lead to a flood of money entering the Bitcoin market en mass that drove a rather inexperienced and young market price to premature levels.
Dwolla came online as a payment processor for MtGox a few weeks before the runup to $30.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:09:05
If there's one thing that seems to be consistent, it's that sudden changes in liquidity whether good or bad, always causes sudden changes in the market price of Bitcoin, in this case, there's irrational fear that the taps are being turned off in China, so people panic because they fear they won't be able to access their money via banks.
From what everyone says, this doesn't seem to be the case, but never let that get in the way of people's fear of losing BTC/Yuan liquidity.
tldr; get ready for some cheap coins as the ignorant, greedy, and less informed panic.
@_date: 2013-11-17 14:46:18
Unfortunately many users here have an entitled attitude when it comes to money, so I wonder if caveat emptor warnings would ever get through to many of them. It's comparable to the informal stocks that sprung up and were squashed recently. Every new project that got floated saw a swarm of "too the moon" speculation, only to see pretty much 95% of them now gone, defunct, or outright scams. People still seem to want to throw money at anything in the hope of making it big. Like [this]( even know whether it was POW or POS, yet still "wanted in", ugh).
The problem with going live to a test run is a test run development is going to be far more flexible, and there's less on the line.
I guess we'll have to wait and see.
@_date: 2013-03-26 08:47:12


Well a world bombed back to the 18th century seems to be on the cards according to OP, so I humored the likelihood of that notion with my own equally likely scenario.


Going for ad hominem attacks right off the bat hu? 


These are based on cryptographic principles, so yeah, they've exist. m of n is already implemented, tested, verified, reproduced, useable, whatever. Maybe you should watch the video.
@_date: 2013-03-31 06:31:03
I feel exactly the same way. I have a simple lifestyle and currently there is nothing I want to buy with my Bitcoins. I'm a saver, not a spender. Instead of using Bitcoin to wastefully buy things I don't need, I try to support and help others, as well as partake in feisty discussion related to Bitcoin. Helping people understand Bitcoin better is one of the best ways I know of tangibly contributing to the growth of Bitcoin. 
I do buy things occasionally with Bitcoin but I won't spend wastefully like our consumerist culture. Bitcoin's growth should be genuine and sustainable. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 07:30:54
... huh? If you want to read my comments as somehow being patronising then I'm afraid you've got it all wrong. I have enjoyed the lucrative benefits. If you don't want to then that's fine. 
I think you'll find I'm hardly "butthurt", quite the opposite in fact, more like "free like an eagle".
Edit: If you don't like Bitcoin and are afraid of it, the solution is simple. Don't use it. 
I will, and I have been for the last 2.5 years. As I said, you get out of Bitcoin what you put into it. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 09:33:36
"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety."
-Benjamin Franklin.
@_date: 2013-03-19 06:32:03
Though I don't like any government interference with a currency that is blatantly outside of their sovereign control, this is far better than outright banning the use of Bitcoin, though there is no guarantee that won't happen in the future. By and large this is the strongest indicator yet that the US will lean towards regulation, rather than outright illegality. Whether they use regulation as a stepping stone to illegality is another question though.
I think there is a silver lining though. Many large corporations and industries that were sitting on the fence because they didn't want to get caught up in a legal wrangle now have some legal standing that Bitcoin related activities is not going to land them in hot water.
No doubt the US want miners to pay taxes for revenue made on the Bitcoin network. This should not really come as a surprise. Enforcing such a thing though is, frankly, laughable.
@_date: 2013-12-22 19:43:35
yep, their growth has already reached saturation. Bitcoin's growth has barely begun.
@_date: 2013-04-15 02:38:06
There already is a rate of inflation, it is constant but will steadily decrease until 2140. If inflation becomes necessary in the far flung future that future generations wish to inflate the system with more coins, or somehow readjust the current inflationary algorithm, they can do it themselves.
@_date: 2013-01-12 13:51:50


Sounds like you are sold on your own arguments, I shall leave you to your thoughts then....
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:20:35
I understand you're reasoning and I was there once, but when I faced the prospect of buying into litecoin I realised I was comparing TCP/IP (Bitcoin) to IPX/SPX(litecoin) and when it came to worrying about whether people will move away from Bitcoin to another currency I mused about how, even though IP4v is limited, and flawed, even after ten years of technologists screaming and badgering the world to move to ipv6, we are still dragging our feet.
Human nature tells me more than I need to know. Unless the alternatives' advantages are HUGELY BEYOND THE ADVANTAGES OF BITCOIN!!!!!!
They will fail.
@_date: 2013-07-26 19:17:26
After seeing EwoutDVP's thread via [here]( have added to their [sidebar](  
I think this is a far more effective way of drawing political attention to rather than doing it on the site directly, has done the same, so I think it might be time to petition the mods directly to at the very least pull those links to those subreddits down, they really serve no purpose now.
@_date: 2013-02-27 10:54:45
The more I learn about Ripple, the more suspicious I become. Centralised distribution, independent establishment of trust between parties, developed in house. 
The *ONLY* thing I see going for it (as you said) is that Bitcoin could be used to settle debts with it, acting as an extension of Bitcoin. But undercutting it all is the ripple distribution method. The company has one-way control on inflation such that until they relinquish all of the ripple currency they've generated, they can essentially manipulate the market in ways not dissimilar to traditional fiat. I can also see settlements of debts via ripple being rife with scams, Pirate has shown that social engineering is not that hard, and all that is going to happen is the schemes will become more elaborate and sophisticated. What's more credit or more aptly named debt, means settlements between two legitimate parties could get ugly, [real ugly](
I fear Ripple will end badly.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:58:12
Better than watching HFTs eviscerate the value of Bitcoin before our very eyes.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:15:22
Unlike losing gold, Bitcoin is back-upable. Now admittedly banks can "back up" your balance, but then it isn't really *your* balance. Bitcoin bridges that gap, and for better or worse, your money is your responsibility, unless of course some banks in the future decide to also store Bitcoins.
You can have freedom or security, but you can't have both (that is unless you want to be responsible for both).
@_date: 2013-11-26 15:25:44
The author predicted conservatively by 2021 1 BTC would be  $2,950 and optimistically $90,000. And this was speculation before all the booms and busts Bitcoin experienced.
@_date: 2013-03-14 04:28:52
I agree, but not *that* long, I lived in Japan for a year and took me at most a couple of months to gauge the value of 100 yen to 1 Australian Dollar. And thereafter it became increasingly easy to do away with the mental conversion. It did take constant exposure. In situations where you aren't forced to use Bitcoins, the intuitive value will take longer, not to mention the value is in drastic flux, so it may take some years yet.
@_date: 2013-03-23 01:54:08
In any case you could've just edited your post, it would've looked far less suss.
@_date: 2013-03-03 01:19:40


Wow, I didn't think I'd proven right so quickly :P you're impressing noone.
@_date: 2013-12-10 15:46:23
Reading between the lines, something tells me the speaker himself has something to lose more than anyone else with this kind of talk. I'd seriously question this guy's motives.
@_date: 2013-01-04 02:46:27
It's cool, I also get exasperated when I'm talking about something and people don't understand where I'm coming from. Without inflection your text could've easily been interpreted as berating rather than normal discussion. I guess it got my hackles up when I painly stated that I was cool with being in the wrong, I just wanted to know why I was wrong, rather than being brushed off. 
It happens.
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:21:00
No-one is asking anyone to pity-buy. If they have something you need, buy it, if not, go somewhere else. The onus is on them to be competitive, and Bitcoin is giving them a little more edge but at the end of the day the consumer chooses. If they can't be competitive, you look elsewhere. They lose, you win, I'm not really sure why you are complaining.
Edit: if you want handbags to buy with bitcoin, maybe try [dinodirect.com](
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:18:53
Unless Bitcoin experiences some serious liquidity issues like last April/May, don't expect a massive decline, it's far more likely we'll zig-zag periodically, but it won't be by 30-40%. Serious declines are for special occasions, where something goes seriously wrong, expect corrections, not crashes.
@_date: 2013-02-02 11:17:09
I guess it's a taste thing. Armory wins hands down in my books because it is extremely safe (offline transactions are trivial), and it is extremely easy to navigate and manage my coins (the amount of detail on transactions alone is staggering, it makes me feel in complete control of my funds). Piggybacking the reference client means I'm also piggybacking the security of the blockchain, as well as the security of the most developed and tested client in Bitcoinland. Security-wise it is about as damn near bulletproof as you can possibly get. Yes, you need an offline machine, move around files on flashdrives, wait for blockchain sync etc. but I've also never had my funds stolen and sending coins is laughably fast once you've done it a few times.
I've covered this before with one of the Electrum developers why I prefer Armory over Electrum so I won't bore you with my justification here, but in a nutshell, Armory is for security and maximises management and flexibility. Electrum is for speed and barebones use. 
Each client is good for specific purposes, but at this stage of development I'd still recommend Armory over Electrum in nearly every circumstance.
@_date: 2013-03-22 13:46:22
This isn't Bitcoin's fault you know. This is the fault if irresponsible governments and bankers. Bitcoin is just going to be one of those currencies that will give people (the victims) an option out.
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:53:00
This is exactly my mentality. I don't want to "cash out". I've bought in and I'm staying in for the long term such that eventually I'll be able to pay for everything in Bitcoins. None of this going back to fiat like a little bitch for me! :)
@_date: 2013-09-17 01:52:06
wow thanks! I didn't even know there was an altcoin tipping bot lurking around :)
@_date: 2013-03-03 06:34:02
Being the first to profit from a niche market no-one has tapped into yet :)
If you need further clarification, I can sum it up in two words.
Mount. Gox.
Mt. Gox is what happens when you are the first to market, and you do it well.
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:14:35
When you buy a candy bar for 50 cents the cashier doesn't say, "that'll be 0.005 of a hundred dollar note please".
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:14:07
Sounds like you imported a key to one of your wallets. Because the address is not linked in any other way it means addresses generated in each wallet for change addresses will be different. If you still see the remainder of your funds in at least one of the clients then your funds are safe, it just means you will need to be more careful with how you manage your change. Unfortunately blockchain and Bitcoin-qt don't have change management so It's a good idea to use funds in either one of these clients only. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:15:54
Agreed, but Bitcoin is much better served by Bitpay services when it comes to adoption than to simply jump from fiat to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-11 21:28:21
Agreed. This is precisely why you never use the same address twice. We honestly need to drum into people that an address is *not* a bank account number, it's a one off. The device is a nice gimmick but any person that uses this as their "wallet" is not doing fair service to their fund's security.
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:44:15
Show us your numbers, then we'll talk.
@_date: 2013-05-13 18:15:23
This has been discussed many times in the past, so I'm going to cut-paste from [here]( 










I'm sure if you punched your question into google you'd find some more enlightening answers/discussion on the topic.
Also see [here]( for further discussion.
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:07:12
If they can't shutdown some torrent sites, there's no way they will ever be able to shutdown (at current estimates) 180,000 full nodes worldwide.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:33:20
I got this from a quick glance at  they've done all the heavy lifting.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:05:32
Not to be pointed, but the Bitcoin system was never about ensuring equality, it is simply leveraging the early adopter advantage with regards to mining, in order to become a strong and robust economy. If is all for hire, and noone's hiring, then it means that no-one is offering services that bitcoin holders actually want/need. This isn't about inequality it's simply supply/demand. If people offering work are offering nothing of value to those that hold Bitcoins, then it is not Bitcoin's or the holders of Bitcoin's fault. 
The solution is pretty obvious. It's the people offering their services that need to be proactive and actually fight to get the job. Just like no-one's simply going to give you a job because you went to the job interview. Ask people in what kind of services they actually are willing to pay for and find ways to provide that service.
@_date: 2013-07-04 15:08:36


Which is exactly why there are withdrawal limits. I'm sorry but your legions of overinvested panic sellers waiting in the wings is just not a rational scenario. People have known for months that Mt Gox should not be the sole entry/exit point for moving money, and any sane investor would not *STILL* be betting more that he can afford to lose after all these months of volatility.
I'm simply not buying it (figuratively speaking of course).
@_date: 2013-04-24 14:59:08
[Myself]( and [another poster]( commented on the same topic regarding after watching this [video]( regarding how Bitcoin should be presented to non-techie types, these above links might be helpful. Goodluck!
@_date: 2013-12-22 17:38:00










Ridicule to make my arguments sound lame, along with focusing on my "anecdotal" evidence while still ignoring my obvious statement that my friend can absolutely use existing services in Canada, along with coinjar.io at much lower fees to exactly what I stated. 
Classy refutation of the facts. How about you actually do the numbers? Like add up the fees of sending 1000 CAD via WU to Australia and compare to sending the same via Bitcoin? You are so supremely confident that WU is better, faster, cheaper. Show me numbers. I know it costs 1.1% to sell via coinbase, the ATM is something like 5% at vancouver, it takes a day to setup a bank account at coinjar.io with no setup fee, so to send 1000 CAD will cost 6.1% approx. and take at least 1 day to setup before the transaction can take place. No strings, no extra waittimes, clearance is 24 hours on average, no extra charges, conversion fees, caveats, the Bitcoin conversion is fixed once received, etc. etc. How about you give numbers for WU with the same amount of cash? 
Or are you just going to pull numbers out your arse?








Yes, it was. It's special pleading because it was completely off topic, he dropped facts to completely ignore my assertions that bitcoin ATMs would roll out because they make sending money fast, easy, and cheap, and I even pointed out direct, real services that can make it happen. He did shit all to prove that it wasn't faster, cheaper, and easier and instead dropped the appeal to authority argument AND shifted the goalposts (IOW ignored refuting my statements and dropped numbers and said that because WU is such a powerful entity it can't possibly be dethroned), and my reference to western unions stock price was in response to OPs fact dropping, proving that WU  has been in decline these last 3 years.




Bitcoin is a currency that has connections to any business that utilises it. WU needs to make tangible connections to each of it's offices. With Bitcoin it simply requires the business to use bitcoin as the facilitator to be tangibly connected, if paypal and WU used bitcoin it magnifies bitcoins usefulness. WU not doing so is limited by it's own resources, bitcoin magnifies it's value and usefulness for every adopter that uses it. It is in this sense currency agnostic, this is powerful stuff. It can act as a powerful medium for the worlds currencies because it is controlled by none. And it supersedes industry, services, governments, and borders. That is why it is infinitely more useful compared to your "strong" corporate money handlers.
Don't underestimate that.


Son goes to Vancouver ATM, 1 hour to get to atm, feed money to atm and receive bitcoins, send bitcoins to mom 10mins-1 hour, mom sends bitcoins to coinjar.io 1 hour (or could be done directly by son, in that case omit 1 hour), mom sells them and waits 24 hour for them to show up in account. So it could happen in a little over a day conceivably. Not very hard, esp if only one person did it which is entirely probable.
Or, son send's mom some Bitcoin who lives in canada, she goes to ATM in vancouver, requests to deposit funds, emails address to son, son sends coins, mom waits an hour, then returns with reciept and gets dispensed funds.
There are quick, simple ways, to get local currency out of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 11:34:54
Ironically, I think this "great idea" will probably cannibalise itself before it ever gets off the ground. Many Bitcoin users are extremely passionate about privacy. What's more it's impossible to control, or prevent taint since all addresses can have funds sent to them, regardless of whether they solicit them or not. Additionally there are numerous privacy projects like coinjoin, as well as many other methods, like mixing via alternative blockchain coins etc. that will be further streamlined and pushed into higher gear as a result of this silliness.
And the big one is that if buyers know a merchant is using such a system, the merchant will actually be actively turning away business and hurting their profits considerably. No sane merchant will "opt-in" so they can turn away customers on the governments behalf. ISPs didn't stand for being the music/film industry's police force, as well as judge, jury and executioner, and those that tried it saw what a disaster it was and wisely canned it. I simply cannot forsee merchants willfully stepping into this beartrap. People would never stand for their cash being swabbed for drugs and having it confiscated as if it were drug money, so I can't imagine any Bitcoin user would stand sending merchants their money if they are going to scan it for taint.
If America or some other country tries to legislate this, or even promote such an idiotic approach to "preventing crime", they will be building a concrete pen for themselves, with the garden on the outside.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:13:44
This was originally posted by a user called [yokosan]( but was deleted soon after. 
Heres the link to the [original](
Edit: [screen of my comments history]( in case people are gonna call BS on the ID of the OP (also feel free to check my comment history to confirm).
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:42:35
I agree with most of your points but I think you forgot to mention that supply of new coins has halved in the last 4 months, so everything else remaining equal, the price *had* to go up since supply of new coins into the Bitcoin system has literally halved. 
Even with that said though, I doubt demand has remained static, or dwindled, though I hate to use vague indicators, [google trends]( [stattit]( and [blockchain](  show increased interest in, and use of Bitcoin.
I think you'll also see the price rise simply from confidence in the network, sure people are less likely to spend their coins, but that in itself is a strong indicator that the coins are worth something, hence those that are on the demand side will be more likely to purchase coins at a higher price rather than simply waiting for the price to come down again. From mid January to now it is obvious demand has risen since even at a glance the overall volume over that period is [obviously higher](
I doubt it is simply supply pulling the price up by having less coins, I think demand is also quite large and pushing the price up too. I think both are definitely at play here. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 13:22:32
Yeah, I've seen, even in the last day or two some really technically interesting stuff float back to the top again, like the zerocoin adaption that could be made to the Bitcoin network for ultimate privacy, and the two separate projects people initiated to make better, high frequency trading engines and open source them for the community. And lets not forget all the new anouncments by bussinesses that are announcing they are supporting Bitcoins as payment!
Feels good to see my old reddit come back! 
Lets hope it is another 2 years before we see those people again.
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:57:04
Awesome to see stories like this, I dearly hope there will be more in the coming years :)
@_date: 2013-03-01 03:52:38
I was being sarcastic :)
Edit: Well not exactly sarcastic, performing lame humour is the best way to describe it.
@_date: 2013-11-07 15:07:20
I accept that, it's the origins connected to the meme that makes me hate it moreso than the meme itself I guess. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:26:55
Yep ,and they will always be a few years behind the curve unless they are actually *innovative*.
Which they are not.
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:17:53






*Dependency*? Are you serious? The blockchain ensures zero trust at it's core. Yet you spruik a client that is inherrently designed to blindly trust blockchain servers that your machine has never personally ratified. 
That's whack dude.






Yep, all has to be done on the command line. As I said to one Electrum developer, that's power user territory. I will continue to promote the securest, the safest, and most usable clients, that being Armory with Bitcoin-Qt, doing otherwise is simply irresponsible.
@_date: 2013-03-12 12:47:46
A forked Bitcoin is a dead Bitcoin, miners will converge on the safest chain, even if a short term loss is inevitable, this is in my opinion the only way it can possibly play out. No sane Bitcoin user would use a minor fork, so even if miners cling to a minor fork their coin's value will be nil anyway, and two chains competing with equal power will undermine confidence to the point that both chains would become worthless. No miner wants that unless they are hell bent on trying to destroy Bitcoin.
One piece of the picture you're missing is full nodes also play a part in support of the infrastructure, not just miners, miners don't have the last say. This is why the decision to revert to 0.7 was made, since many full nodes that aren't miners play a crucial role in propagation and verification of blocks. If most nodes were still on 0.7 and the decision had been made to continue mining on 0.8, all full nodes running 0.7 and lower would be defunct propagators for 0.8. Then we truly would have had chaos. Full nodes play a crucial role for propagation and verification, so no, if countries that had billions of dollars in mining infrastructure had to choose in this situation, they're going to go for the safest, best supported fork.
Only Pyongyang would defy consensus and continue mining the less supported fork.
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:29:44
Only for banks, and those stupid enough to try and build/force economies to grow on credit.
@_date: 2013-07-03 02:13:25
Unfortunately has become a libertarian circle-jerk in the worst sense. I simply come here now to giggle at their overly emotional chest thumping, then I downvote them and continue sifting for more meaningful exchanges. Actually conversing with these people is tantamount to wasting an afternoon arguing with a rock. And besides, most of them are only interested in making sarcastic anti-government comments to see who will be first to pick an argument with them. It's their way of feeling important and an excellent excuse to rant on someone until they go away. That said, is still an excellent repository for news on Bitcoin but meaningful discussion here has devolved to politics and circle-jerking their own ideals. Bitcointalk has really settled these days though so I actually much prefer going there for more meaningful discussions.
In many respects, become a bit like 4chan, but without the porn.
@_date: 2013-12-09 11:24:29
As they rightly should, but it detracts from the fact that a malicious actor subverted the bank's security, either their end, a businesses end, or your end. Punishing completely unrelated bank users is a completely disproportionate reaction, essentially trying to point the finger while ignoring their own inferior security practices.
Edit: In cases like these I guess the in-between solution would be to let the bank know you are making Bitcoin purchases so that they avoid tripping red flags. 
@_date: 2013-09-25 08:57:46
Quite the wall of text indeed. But altogether it's good to see actively discussing the merits and flaws of Bitcoin. Sensible, and civil discourse is a very healthy thing, and [I'm all for it]( 
However, I think you are pretty much wrong on all points ;P, to begin with the underlying reason why I think you are wrong in general is you are seeing Bitcoin through a bankers eyes. You are to be perfectly honest heavily biased, your reasoning stems from the expectation of fitting Bitcoin which is a square peg into the financial system's round hole. But I'm not name calling here, just wanted to point that out before I refute your points :).
**Your "fundamental issue"  the artificial ceiling, AKA the classic deflation argument:**
I can't count how many times I've had to debunk this one, I really can't (ok maybe its around a dozen times in the last 12 months or so ;) ), but it always ends the same way, I explain why deflation is a non issue, and I never hear from them again :P. Since it really is tiring having to type up, yet again, why I think the whole deflation debate is a bunch of crap, please see my previous comments, as you can see by the number of threads, this has come up **HEAPS** of times, and it's almost always the same old reasoning:
The classic [explanation I use in a nutshell](
And [another, quoting from two of my posts before that](
And [one more](
And [another](
still [more](
holy [shit how many times have I had to go over this?!??](
one [more for the pile](
OK that's probably enough, as you can see my opinions and arguments have been fairly consistent over the last year, and the deflationary arguments have been almost lockstep identical. 
Also, a minor (but significant) distinction you should take into consideration between debt money deflation, [and lost coins]( in the [Bitcoin system being demonised as deflation](
[This is how I envisage loans and growth, in case you you were worried]( would likely function in a [Bitcoin only system](
And this is why I think Bitcoin beats an inflationary system [hands down every single time](
**Your "fundamental issue"  the anonymity of the Bitcoins system:**
Firstly, take a step back for a second and appreciate that the existing monetary system is an [absolute disaster]( for [catching tax evasion](
Secondly, Bitcoin's ledger is completely transparent, this is not conducive for trying to evade taxes, there is ALWAYS a paper trail, and though mixing may work for small amounts it is going to be incredibly difficult to do the same for huge amounts of money. 
Your second to last paragraph espousing that Bitcoin should somehow be appealing to the powers that be completely misses the purpose of Bitcoin, and also completely ignores why Bitcoin has become as successful as it has. It is designed specifically to not allow it to be controlled by any one agent, entity, or government. Though you'd like to believe that governments are friendly to new forms of currency, recent history has shown they are ostensibly NOT. Liberty Reserve, Liberty Dollar, eGold, etc. have all been shut down, the operators arrested, and charged for various offences, governments do NOT like competition, they especially do not like any service that is not directly under their absolute control (effectively meaning that the government wants absolute control over everyone's money, no exceptions). Any centralised mint or company that does not play under the thumb of the government they operate in gets rubbed out. Bitcoin's international nature, with zero central authority, high resistance to manipulation and frictionless functionality means government has no-one to make an example of, no switch to flick, or goods to confiscate, no-one centrally responsible for Bitcoin. The US seems especially perplexed by this and even though banks the world round have been giving Bitcoin the cold shoulder, it still functions, still has value, and people still flock to it.
Bitcoin is here to stay and it will stay for the long term for all the reasons that you think that it will fade away. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 07:41:14
TBH, I doubt the difficulty rises are going to taper off any time soon. BUT, it could if the price begins to stagnate or fall. Currently there are a number of ASIC producers, as well as a number of up and coming companies with even more efficient designs. This is going to mean the fight to be even more efficient is definitely going to continue to drive up the difficulty, even if the price stays where it is.
This is bad news for people wanting to enter the mining market, and existing miners, their slice of the block reward is going to probably get progressively smaller and may drive many miners into the red and out of the game. However conversely, this is fantastic news for Bitcoin in general, multiple chips designs means there is no single point of failure regarding chip design, manufacture, and distribution. It also is fantastic news in the sense that there is incredibly fierce mining competition and this makes it all the harder to disrupt, or try to control the network. If this keeps up, I'm certain in a year, no single country will have any hope of controlling more than half of the hashrate. What's more since chips are being designed, fabbed, and distributed in multiple countries, it would be increasingly difficult for a government to control or limit distribution.
tldr; no, high difficulty is here to stay, but this is still fantastic for Bitcoin in general.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:21:43
Argentinians that work online have no barriers for Bitcoin to enter through, so selling goods/services online is their best bet to move money in/out, as well as remittance into the country.
Just because they have no money doesn't mean it's impossible for them to earn bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-09-26 08:14:45
Yep, pretty much my thoughts too. The retroactive change of their TOS from "we don't do chargebacks" (they used this as a selling point too) to, "chargebacks were always part of our TOS" was so snake in the grass it makes paypal look downright honest. Especially considering that they were handling millions per month thanks to Bitcoin and was the main reason for their early success.
Fuck Dwolla.
@_date: 2013-09-20 18:18:58
I think it comes down to this,
ken == engineer. 
ken =/= businessman.
He picked this board and not a couple weeks later drops them all (or was it the board simply abandoned him?). Very disappointing, and shows a complete lack of experience in business. This kind of balls up is absolutely toxic for a business's image. He needs to put a real businessman in charge and go back to doing what he is good at. Unfortunately ken's other flaw is he's not very good at listening unless people start rioting. I hope ActM can recover somehow and Ken comes to his senses.
@_date: 2013-01-24 14:46:41
I have used [spend bitcoins](  in the past, they add 10% to the price which is incredibly expensive comparatively, but they accept cash dceposits at most Australian banks and you get your coins in a few hours, never been a problem for me, if it weren't for their ridiculous "fee" I'd use them more.
@_date: 2013-05-11 16:12:14
It's all good, if Bill doesn't claim the tip, it goes back to the tipper AFAIK.
Tipper gets the warm fuzzies AND his money back :D
@_date: 2013-01-10 15:34:13
My personal pet theory is someone thought they could dump as the price was driven up (maybe the orchestrators were helping spurring the buys too), then as people begin to speculate there is a bubble beginning, dump a huge amount of Bitcoin on the market, clean out the order book on Mt Gox and cause a panic sell as everyone realises the market is no longer liquid. I'm fairly certain the activity on the graph was localised to the Mt Gox exchange too so theres a good assumption that only a few people were involved, and the timing at the 15 dollar peak makes me think it was a staged drive up (it jumped to $15 ifrom $11 in a matter of days). It was also a few days after pirateat40 announced he would be winding down his (now confirmed) ponzi. So the price, as well as emotional leverage was there to stage a panic. I also remember that the sells were big and sustained over a very short period, not lots of small sustained sells as would be more likely if lots of people were selling up (I actually remember the second day when the massive sells occured  on clarkmoody, they were huge and I saw i t unfold in realtime, on the Bitcoin chart graph it looks like a panic, but in reality it was huge sells that did it). There is also the theory that pirateat40 was the one involved and did it as a last ditch effort to pay his investors back all the Bitcoins they were to receive by crashing the market, then scooping up lots of cheap coins as the market panic selled to $1.
The joke is on him/them though since the market rebounded incredibly fast, and there was very little, if any panic selling as far as I'm aware. The price did take a hit, but for the most part it stayed above $10 and has mostly climbed since then. 
@_date: 2013-03-24 16:54:28
Agreed, it may interest you to know though that the premise for litecoin was not just to "fix problems" they claimed to have with Bitcoin such as block propagation windows, total number of coins, supposed unfairness of CPU miners being pushed out by GPUs, and a few other cosmetic things, but they also justified starting from scratch because they reckoned it was unfair that some early adopters got a large number of bitcoins while Bitcoin was lesser known and "late comers" missed the advantages of an increase in value. In other words, they did this so they could mainly get rich, like the handful of people that saw Bitcoin's potential and supported it by mining in the first year (who were mainly Satoshi, programmers, testers, enthusiasts, etc. y'know, generally people not out to make a bunch of money off the backs of others).
By that notion alone, and since litecoin is starting to get a little value behind it, I guess it's time for another new group of people to feel like they've missed the money train and launch from scratch another copycat, retweaked version of litecoin, all in the name of "social equality" and call it, I dunno, "bronze coin", since it will probably be hyped as Bitcoin's and litecoin's bronze or some absurd thing.
It's pretty much a farcical currency with few, if any, redeeming features. They dodged the label pyramid scheme only slightly by releasing the miner to the public at the time the litecoin network began, but this was probably more likely to shield itself from a possible 51% attack early in the game.
But like I said, I see few, if any redeeming features in litecoin, and calling a pyramid scheme is actually a fair, if still debatable label.
@_date: 2013-02-08 14:04:38
I think ASICs are completely changing the landscape of Bitcoin though. ASICs mean the security of the network will go up probably one, maybe even two orders of magnitude. Having custom made hardware takes the mining community to a whole new level of professionalism. Long term investments, dedicated, specially optimised hardware. That is a rock solid fundamental right there, not a bunch of backyard GPU miners that could leave mining at the drop of a hat. I think that is a huge boost to the confidence in the value of bitcoins, and the price is beginning to reflect that.
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:34:44
I think we can both agree on that ;)
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:18:04
RES (reddit enhancement suite) has a night mode.
It is glorious.
@_date: 2013-11-06 14:01:26
About as newsworthy as the rest of their articles on Bitcoin. I think business insider needs some new writers.
Edit: Further backing me up is yet another gem.  . businessinsider need to stop hitting itself.
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:52:43
Wishful thinking will get you nowhere. You have at minimum two years to catch up. Don't expect Bitcoin to grease the rails to adoption, quite the opposite. Like I said, people will bet on the winning horse just like they bet on TCP/IP. There is no second place.
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:08:46
I absolutely second this. Too many people have chosen "fuck Gox" or "Coinlab is finished" mantra crap. This is news yes, is this is significant news? Meh. Bitcoinica is more relevant news-wise than this. People (people with money to lose) lost **REAL MONEY** in that, this is a tiff between CEOs and there is a strong chance it will blow over and both parties will come out friends, maybe a little embarresed over the kerfuffle, but no-one has lost shit-loads of money.
Unlike Bitcoinica. Keep it in perspective people.
@_date: 2013-03-12 14:50:58
This is all true, but what really impressed me is how the forked chain seamlessly remerged all the unincluded transactions as if nothing ever happened. Now THAT was cool. People could've slept through the entire fiasco and woken up to a network that was humming along as if nothing had ever been wrong in the first place.
It's a testament to Bitcoin's robust design, the dedication of it's devs, and the responsiveness of the miners that jumped on the problem faster than you can say, "what the fuck was that?". :)
@_date: 2013-10-07 01:16:56
Considering the Bitcoin community's main forum, arguably the heart of Bitcoin being down, coupled with the Silk Road take down has not done any significant damage to the price of Bitcoins is incredibly bullish.
Both trainer wheels that Bitcoin rides on have been brutally kicked away, at the same time, and after a little wobbling, Bitcoin continues to ride on.
@_date: 2013-11-18 12:14:10


I think that is why we are at loggerheads on this one, you still think the USG plays by the rules, and still respects it's own laws. I am definitely of the opinion that the USA has for many years flouted it's authority and has used that authority to coerce, bully, lean on and generally make the general public's lives as close to unbearable as possible, all in the name of benefiting large corporations, industry, and the wealthy/powerful elite.
 


I also don't think that once the cat is out of the bag that the USG will simply throw up their hands and walk away. The "war on drugs" is a classic example, if the USG think's it's right they will make as many examples as necessary, even if it doesn't work, case in point the music/film industry's whack-a-moeling. The difference between the torrent developer, egold, and the Zero coin developer is he overlaps both, he doesn't fall into the torrent developer pigeon hole, as the naive "oh look at this cool thing I made" guy who has his work used by others to disseminate and share the IP of others against the IP holder's will. He will be knowingly constructing a financial tool whose main reason for existing is to conceal the identity of those transactions that are made with it.
This is far closer to making malware than an innocent tool. It's purpose is absolutely clear, it will be used to commit crimes with. Even if a developer never used or sold said malware and just posted it, that in itself is helping to facilitate a crime in anyone's books. And I think we can agree that malware creators are definitely not given the benefit of the doubt. People that release info or exploits to software bugs are said to have damaged the profit's of corporations, and are rather than thanked, summarily dragged into court, simply by releasing an exploit to force/encourage the software to be fixed. 
Fact is it doesn't matter how innocent or altruistic he is, as I said the last several times, regardless of your excuses on the matter (and hell, I'm not even saying he *shouldn't* work on this), I'm saying, **he needs to consult a lawyer**. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:13:12
It is, in all frankness altogether possible. 2009 was almost a blackhole of activity for Bitcoin and unless Satoshi mined most of them, I am inclined to believe they are not recoverable. But to assume 30-40% of the current number of coins is lost is IMO foolish. We've heard a number of stories where coins have laid dormant only to be recovered, and I think there is a very strong chance there are still a number of early adopters lurking among us. Or, at least I'd *like* to think that :). 
It'd be pretty cool to see thousands of coins dormant for 10+ years suddenly move and then hear in the news an incredibly powerful corporation had been bought for 10 billion :D.
@_date: 2013-07-02 02:30:25
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:52:59
I hold like the fist of an angry greek god. It's always been that way for me though. The absolute worst time to get emotional about money is when things become uncertain and it begins to fluctuate wildly in value (both up AND down). And the rule I stand by to this day, never invest more than you are willing to lose. If it hits a certain price point that you feel is too high or too low, spend/cash out, only hold if you can sleep at night knowing you could lose the lot tomorrow. Admittedly nowadays that is very unlikely, but a year or two ago it was a very real possibility that the price of a Bitcoin could hit rock bottom in 24 hours. Expect the unexpected.
Don't "Be smart.", "Be safe.", or "Be strong.". 
Simply don't be greedy or stupid (AKA emotional), this is a far better ethos IMO.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:20:47
Because [this]( is how people are reacting. They are acting first, then after they'll process the news later.
By the sounds of it China has taken a similar route to Fincen's position, though they've said that banks and financial institutions can't bank it like other money, they classify it as a virtual currency which means normal businesses can use it but trading it requires AML/KYC etc. etc. They've also stipulated that items sold can't be priced in Bitcoin (unclear what that means, maybe they are indicating that prices must be pegged to Yuan perhaps). The big good news is that people can handle it without any restrictions, just like gold. There will be no crackdown by the sounds of it.
It should be completely unsruprising that China took a position on Bitcoin and what's more it is not even a position to crush it like QQ. Far from being disastrous, I'd say it's damn near glowing.
@_date: 2013-04-26 17:51:52
Bitcoin is the first concrete implementation that solves a long thought impossible computer communications problem, known better as the Byzantine generals problem. Explaining the core functionality and how it solves the two generals problem can hardly be characterized as purely promotional. OP is petitioning Khan to educate users such that people properly understand the inner workings of Bitcoin and dispel the misinformation and confusion surrounding such a genius solution.
Any currency that uses PoW would be promoted if you wish to look at it that way, just like any technology that uses public key cryptography would be promoted if you explained the inner mechanisms of public/private key cryptography.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:08:43
You choose to interpret it in a negative light, but you simply miss the bigger picture. QQ allegedly claimed 17% of China's economy at one point and the government stamped down on it like it was aids. And they could because it was within China, completely under their jurisdiction and altogether controlled by people they could themselves control. Bitcoin on the other hand has been handled in a completely different fashion. It is being in many ways treated as an independent currency. This is like the equivalent of negotiating with a new sovereign nation's currency. It's not invented in china, china knows it is going to exist, and china knows that controlling it is not going to happen unless they allow a minimum amount of liquidity through controlled channels, otherwise it will happen anyway (the question is whether they have allowed enough liquidity). This raises, eyebrows, ears, noses and pretty much every other appendage. 
It's very, very positive.
And don't be mistaken, putting the squeeze on now doesn't mean they won't loosen it later. Though I doubt they'd try to lock down Bitcoin, because to do so will probably hurt them as much as it will aid other nations.
@_date: 2013-05-09 17:58:29
Honestly, it's not such a dumb thing. Hooking into a giftcard service using Bitcoins immediately makes Bitcoin as a currency, far more liquid and spendable. It also helps to minimise massive numbers of small transactions that would need to be generated for lots of individual purchases and help keep such unnecessary things out of the Blockchain. Just like when you use your mobile, you don't pay for each phone call as you make it, you buy a prepaid charge card and load credit onto your phone.
These gyft cards are doing exactly the same thing and Bitcoin, rather than USD is leveraging this infrastructure, which will lead to more people being willing to use Bitcoins because they can be spent in this way.
If someone's getting paid in Bitcoin for work and live in the USA, or travel internationally and have Bitcoin on hand, this is going to make their lives FAR easier when it comes to buying certain things with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-07 16:48:45
90% of the time isn't like this.
But when the price goes bananas, expect memes, rage, and gifs.
lots of them.
@_date: 2013-03-04 01:57:11


No, it wasn't the first exchange, I mean it was the first one to do it well.
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:10:23
Seriously? The pet idea didn't get the Bitcoin devs clambouring over each other to integrate it *immediately* with a hardfork so it gets fasttracked to an altchain instead?
FFS, what's wrong with getting this thing integrated into a new Bitcoin-testnet and working out the rest of the kinks/bugs/optimisations first?
Seems we have yet another dev that spat the dummy because his pet idea didn't get a nobel prize on it's first viewing. Solution? **FUCK U GUIZE IM MAKEING AN ALT-COIN!!**
@_date: 2013-03-02 15:57:54
Well it is no longer in the transaction list so it must have been processed. Not sure about the whole size thing since I can't see the transaction now but since it's no longer in the tx list you must have been right.
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:39:22
A guy I know set up a nab account specifically for bitcoin selling and uses coinjar. He's made at least AFAIK about a grand in selling bitcoin and depositing directly to his nab account. 
Absolutely no problems from what he's told me.
@_date: 2013-05-17 14:06:58
The truth is never embarrassed by honest inquiry, but unfortunately fear is a great driver too at least on the surface. 
Unlike this childish video, I listen to people with a reputation for telling the truth. People that hide in the shadows to whisper in people's ears have about as much rep as a paddlepopstick to me. The beauty of the Bitcoin development process is it's all out in the open. And the truth has a tendency to survive regardless of fearmongering. If that were not true, then Bitcoin would have died years ago.
Keep doing what you're doing Gavin!
@_date: 2013-02-02 08:10:47
I'm not sure how old you are but the exact same thing happened when the Internet dawned on us. I can remember how difficult it was to get shit setup to get onto the internet. Using modems meant reading manuals, configuring settings, setting up accounts to use, getting the right drivers, etc. etc.
Now though I can get internet on my smartphone as part of my plan. Settings? what settings! I just works.
Bitcoin's current technology is at the stage where the internet was in 1998, it still requires knowhow, infrastructure is still coming online, businesses are only just starting to see it's potential as a HUGE disruptor in the financial world, software is still in beta, hooking traditional financial instruments into Bitcoinland is suffering extreme growing pains in some regards.
Bitcoin still needs time to grow, stabilise and become more widespread. It's only been 4 years, it still has a long way to go. No government is funding it's implementation, it is completely organic and grassroots. 
BTW. When I first wanted to aquire Bitcoins I had to send cash through the mail to some anonymous person on a forum, and it took upwards of 2 weeks to be "approved", this was the *ONLY* way to get Bitcoins back then. Now i can buy coins in a few hours from multiple sources. Bitcoin is evolving in fits and starts and to be honest, I'm shocked at it's growth in such a relatively short time. It will get easier to use, and it will become more easily integrated, you're just seeing it at the state the internet was in 1998 when everyone in the media was throwing up headlines, "The internet, what is it and how do you get onto the information superhighway?". ;)
@_date: 2013-09-20 18:08:34
I think if Bitmessage could be turned into a pay for use model such that nodes got paid in Bitcoin to store and propagate messages, we'd see a DAC in practice and not just in theory. 
Just imagine it, a decentralised twitter, completely sustained by nodes that broadcast and store tweets for a certain period of time or something to that effect, and get paid to do so by bitcoin. That would undeniably herald a new era of internet services, with Bitcoin and perhaps other currencies propping them up. Could also happen for Torrents to a lesser degree, maybe even tor nodes. 
I think people are only just beginning to realise just how game changing and disruptive Bitcoin really is.
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:01:01
You have made a lot of people, very very happy :) That is a very eye catching and professional animation.
@_date: 2013-03-16 12:32:03
IMO not necessarily, since we currently have millions of dollars riding on Bitcoin, we also have a vested interest in ensuring Bitcoin's competitiveness. Miners have the most to lose, esp ASIC miners that have sunk likely millions of dollars of equipment, they can't simply switch to litecoin at the first rumblings of competitiveness. They will have an incentive to encourage innovation of the protocol and blockchain if a threat emerges. I think altchains are actually an excellent testbed for new features for Bitcoin since many are so similar. Coiledcoin was [first to have P2SH]( AFAIK. I'm certain Bitcoin will evolve and integrate new features to ensure it's continued growth and flexibility. Just like the USA will be more than willing to start wars at the drop of a hat if their interests are threatened, so too will miners and users alike band together in the face of a threat to Bitcoin.
Though there's been lots of potentially innovative ideas to restructure Bitcoin's design to make things better in altchains, as OP has said, they are simply repainting the walls rather than rebuilding the house. No meaining ful innovation are likely to come forth unless it is drastically superior to PoW+blockchain, and Bitcoin is in a vulnerable position, legally, politically, socially, financially, etc.
Bitcoin script is there for the protocol to grow. Just because it isn't used doesn't mean it is a sign the improvements won't come. I think it is premature to think that this is reason to believe new changes are dead, Bitcoin has only really been in the public eye for 2.5 years if that. Early days still.
To add a rather concrete example, the move from ipv4-ipv6 has been painfully slow. Even though the benefits are numerous, the address space will be massively expanded, it has government endorsement, etc. etc. it's still moving at a snails pace.
No, if Bitcoin is going to get overtaken it's going to be by not just a superior cryptocurrency, but also when Bitcoin is in a position where it's failure is imminent.
Much like you've mentioned regarding eDonkey and Bittorrent, the reason I think eDoney lost is because it was unusable. I ditched eDonkey fast, and the reason was simple. Bittorrent gave me exactly what I wanted, when I wanted, it was like a dedicated mini fileserver. eDonkey was clunky, sporadic, a usability mess, and most of the time I was never able to download what I wanted. Bittorrent was simplicity manifest, simply search site for files I wanted, download torrent, run with client. Now its even easier, drag drop, move on.
This is also the reason I think Bitcoin took off. Satoshi was very smart to have made a simple to use GUI for the Bitcoin client, all the core use cases were in that little program and it just worked. I knew it was sparse, but the wxWidgets client got me going and mining in literally 20 seconds. Simplicity trumps functionality in every case when you're dealing with an emerging technology, esp. something as disruptive and complex as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-25 16:09:21
Political figures tried to brand the internet as the "information superhighway". Funnily the "Internet", originally coined by the founders of TCP/IP has been, since it's inception, the most used term for how we identify any TCP/IP connected device. 
A word can be a powerful thing, it really can transform societies, and sweep governments along in it's wake. I think Bitcoin is no exception. Blockchain, proof-of-work, cryptocurrency, they are essentially brand new terms, search a dictionary in 2009 and they likely never existed, or at least were theoretical at best.
Currency describes coinage of the sovereign state.
Commodity describes goods of tangible value.
Bitcoin describes **bit**s represented as **coin**s, under no sovereign control.
Internet describes **inter**operation of **net**worked devices.
It may really be as simple as that. Pigeon holing it in one or the other (or both) will likely be an impossible task, it may borrow a few qualities from one term, and emulate a few qualities from the other, but it is, in it's own right a completely new beast, and just like the Internet, how society/industry/government perceives Bitcoin will determine how legislation forms around it.
Unlike the Internet though, where America had the option to shut it down a long time ago, Bitcoin is going to likely be a phenomenon they will either adapt to, or suffer through, and just like the Internet, they will probably draft legislation aimed towards profiting from it's usage, rather than twist down on the thumbscrews (an impossible task since they have no direct influence over the Bitcoin protocol). Conversely to treat it as an enemy of the state, via oppression may accelerate change in a way unlike any of us in the developed world has ever seen, ([Zimbabwe]( being a good example of how to spur adoption of new currencies ;) )
They did for the internet after all, that crazy thing that has helped topple foreign governments, embarrassed superpowers, enabled criminality of all varieties, and also blossomed incredible collaborations and outpourings of goodness, and has spawned revolutionary new endeavours, such as the Bitcoin protocol. :D
@_date: 2013-01-02 03:07:33
It's secure, but only as secure as your machine, storing backups of your existing payment addresses and private keys via blockchain.info will make sure you can access them even if blockchain.info goes down, but if someone has a logger on your machine it won't matter how secure the site is.
My advice is have the patience to download the entire blockchain using the Bitcoin-qt client, while it's doing that, go to  The software piggybacks the original client. Armory allows you to watch and manage your funds on an online machine, and on an offline machine you can manage you wallet addresses. Has huge numbers of features, multiple wallets, watching only wallets, has backup once of wallets and never need to do it again. Is incredibly secure compared to other offerings (as long as you have an offline machine and are not concerned about portability that much). At least have a look at it, if security is your biggest worry I'd definitely encourage you to have a look.
@_date: 2013-03-20 14:41:07
I've been here a looooong time and to be honest it's actually improved over the years ;)
Unfortunately some are uncivilised asses that believe in nothing but themselves. I have long since ignored their vitriol and focus on the benefits Bitcoin can bring, they are simply background noise to me nowadays. Best thing is when they make angry/dumbass/my way or the highway posts I can downvote them and they don't know it was me :D
@_date: 2013-03-20 17:36:42
No, just those that try to convince people they are "obviously" right by resorting to swearing, ad hominem attacks, fallacious reasoning, passive aggressiveness and general histrionics. 
It's pathetic, non-constructive for both parties and a dick thing to do.
Give me open-mindedness, mutual respect, patience and reasoned logic and I'm all ears. I will hear that person out, even if I completely disagree with them in principle.
I've learnt a monumental amount about finance, economics, society, money and the like because I embrace these principles, and I am a better educated person for it.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:58:16
I read a little and it immediately struck me why these proposals were so dangerously backwards. It takes away more freedoms that it actually gives (if any). 
* sliding blockchains forcing people to spend their coins intermittently
* lotteries, forcing money from unwitting or unknowing user's wallets.
* *forced* anonymity through zerocoin mixing.
* forcing found blocks to be locked to the miner that found it, essentially disbanding smalltime miners from the mining "industry" that it would become inevitably.
Force this, "fix" that, Bitcoin as it stands now is incredibly liberal in it's execution, you can choose to mix or not, you can choose to mine in a pool or not, you can choose how long you lock your coins to an address. 
This "paper" is all kinds of fucked up, I can't even.
@_date: 2013-03-09 14:59:36
It's great to offer other options, but don't let yourself get sucked into the [law of triviality]( We already have many options and it has been discussed extensively on the bitcointalk forums. 
Bounties have even been proposed on bitcointalk to hire a professional designer to make a more sophisticated logo. If you really want to push the idea of rebranding, get yourself on the Bitcoin Foundation Forum and make some noise there. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 08:17:37
U+0556 Ֆ Seems like a good one, it has an S and b combined. 
Taken from [here](
@_date: 2013-02-21 06:46:41
I know those feels, goddamnit we were so naive :P
@_date: 2013-07-03 12:45:12
Probably not which is why I said in my above post it would have to pretty much have no negatives or drawbacks (like not bloat the blockchain) etc. As gmaxwell said, the approaches can only get better. This is a first attempt and even though it is unlikely to be accepted as part of Bitcoin, it acts as a catalyst for others to work on alternative implementations.
Thanks for the link BTW. 
@_date: 2013-03-22 12:05:46
I'd just like to highlight a few things. I have bought Bitcoins in the past and had no intention of spending them any time soon, but to label me a hoarder is silly. I'm a saver, and I have a price point at which I will spend my coins. I am not collecting shiny digital tokens with the intention of never using them again.
Another point I'd like to make is in no way, am I intending to "cash out" of the Bitcoin system. I fully intend to use the bulk of my coins to buy things I want using Bitcoins, rather than converting to fiat to buy what I want. 
Because of these two things I am in my own special way helping to raise the price. I currently value Bitcoins far more than I value fiat. It's purpose is not to spend them the minute I get them, a la inflation, that is simply an artefact of old currency that were geared for empire building. Until I see businesses I actually want to spend my Bitcoins on, they're staying in my wallet, so the onus is(in part) also on businesses to start accepting them and to provide quality services/goods in return for those coins. So while you are (politely) telling us off for not stimulating the Bitcoin economy, spare a moment to sternly admonish the larger business community for not jumping up to serve us Bitcoin users.
We are still in the larger part of the inflationary period so Bitcoin's value still has several years before it will begin to reveal it's true value. Only a fraction of a percent even know of Bitcoin, let alone use it yet, and unfortunately speculation, sans an established userbase is the only real facilitator of price we have currently. As the userbase continues to grow and the speculators shrink we will get a better idea but I think it will be a number of years yet. Rome wasn't built in a night.
Give it time.
@_date: 2013-03-28 09:47:39
CPU friendly hasing algorithms makes it more attractive for malicious actors to steal CPU cycles thus putting more money, and incentivising computer crime over those that dedicate investment and development into hashing on specialised hardware. MM had at one stage 12% of the hashing power, now with ASIC miners that share is fast diminishing and will soon be unprofitable for thieves that hijack computer networks for their CPU power. Bitcoin hashing also makes it infeasible for large governments to switch on and monopolise the distribution of currency with the huge supercomputers they have idling away. Any attacker, government, hacker, or otherwise that wants to have a crack at overrunning the network is on an even resource and competitive level compared to those honest miners. 
Litecoin is not immune to any of this.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:09:19
The main culprit that caused these runups and falls were sudden liquidity, and sudden loss of liquidity. From 1-32 before things got crazy, MtGox enabled deposits via Dwolla, this was the catalyst of the first runup, it easily allowed transfer of funds nearly anyone could tap into, back then getting Bitcoins in any reliable and safe way was incredibly difficult, and moving money into exchanges was very laborious. Huge amounts of money surged into MtGox to buy, no waiting for verification back then either, as soon as youjr funds were in MtGox, it was all go, but it was very shortlived because there simply was no vibrant economy like we have today. It was almost purely speculative. Once people realised the slow decline began. In April/May the opposite happened, there was sudden interest and many new users wanted coins, driving up prices, but because MtGox was still one of the only reliable sources that could be trusted, MtGox groaned under the huge demand, and as the price climbed, and MtGox faltered, many new users (and probably old ones looking to take advantage of newfound wealth), panic-sold, fearing the value of their Bitcoins was not safe since it became impossible to sell, forcing the price to plummet.
So that brings us to now, the price has surged, we have 4 very reputable exchanges, MtGox has/is upgrading it's infrastructure to avoid a repeat of last time, coinbase, also has scaled up significantly, is still providing easy access to/from Bitcoin, many more merchants and services like Bitpay et al. hedging merchant's risk, Bitcoin ATMs finally beginning to roll out, POS services via coinkite being developed, a number of countries have tentatively weighed in saying how Bitcoin fits into the tax code, how businesses should handle it etc. even the USA tentatively giving it's nod of approval, massive ASIC adoption making the hashrate compared to April/May this year a blip, with even more improved mining chips and startups on the way, some very serious money, not just from the US, but Korea, China, and others starting to move in on the Bitcoin space.
Add this to your checklist. Compared to April/May, is the Bitcoin space different?
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:32:16
Dude! Don't scare the shit out of me! Back that shit up **NOW!**, get it offline **NOW!**. Make 5-10 copies on different mediums. Wipe any traces from any online machine to cover your arse against malware.
Then have a beer and that fuck you ran the gauntlet of fire and came through relatively unscathed. Don't ever take your Bitcoins for granted. Ever. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 09:46:00
Yep, I'm SUCH a [pump and dumper](
@_date: 2013-02-02 07:50:34
I think this is completely understandable. The price has shot up significantly in the last few days, making it rather volatile. Undervaluing coins is a way of securing against sudden drops in value.
From a hedging against volatility standpoint, its a safe strategy but it also means that new buyers at the higher price are being undercut at the checkout and holders of coins are not being rewarded for holding coins. Depending on your perspective it could be seen as a dick move to mistreat customer's coins by devaluing them to protect long term profit, or prudent, since volatility is very real and businesses need to be protected against the risk of using a very new and experimental digitally decentralised currency, cos the fact is noone is going to be bailing them out if shit gets real.
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:14:38
Thanks! :)
@_date: 2013-10-30 14:29:05
Wow, I knew about some of these design considerations previously but there's some juicy new ones I didn't know of.
Satoshi, you were gaming this from start to finish you wonderful bastard.
@_date: 2013-06-06 13:11:16
The network is also more secure, thus leading to greater confidence in confirmations of transactions. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 18:12:33
Bitcoin certainly fits that definition.
@_date: 2013-02-13 08:53:26
I refuse to jump on, and ride the backs of desperate people to further my own selfish agendas.
@_date: 2013-03-19 16:04:15
Absolutely, higher prices will mean more businesses will pay attention and realise people are acquiring them, so will want to accept them in kind. As long as the bulk of buying new coins is not purely speculative and more people really are trying to get Bitcoins prices will probably stay high, though maybe not quite THIS high. My personal prediction was that Bitcoins would reach 50-60 USD by the beginning of next year!
Whelp, I guess it's time to make a new prediction hu. :)
@_date: 2013-03-15 04:09:08
Neither true no False IMO.
Computing power forms the basis of the proof-of-work system that ensures that blocks created by the system are genuine, and are created by nodes that are genuinely contributing to the system.
Put simply, one of the few unfakeable things in a computing system is a computation cycle. Now some may consider the computation cycle as a thing of value, because it uses electricity or some other reasoning, but that's not really why it is used, it is used because you can't emulate/forge/spoof or counterfeit a CPU cycle, it either happened, or it didn't. This means that by using proof of work, we can more or less quantitatively authenticate genuine nodes in the network since they are verifyably dedicating serious resources to generate blocks, and since there is no guarantee a node will solve a block, we can be quite certain their work is genuine for each particular block generated. 
If you wanted to condense it down for an elevator speech just say:
"Bitcoin uses a system called proof of work to identify and verify genuine blocks created by mining nodes in the network. Mining nodes are awarded fees and new Bitcoins based on the computing power they contribute, but the chances of finding a valid block is proportional to how much computing power they use."
Computing power will not become a precious resource, since there are profit margins where most computers nowadays are simply too inefficient, BUT as we are seeing now, specialised hardware for the exclusive use of mining is going to be a large market I think. If you want to mine for profit, you will need special hardware. Just like the GPU industry, I think there may emerge an ASIC mining industry solely dedicated to Bitcoin, and perhaps other cryptocurrencies. There will still be a massive amount of electricity use and absolutely massive amount of computing power behind Bitcoin, but the vast majority of people won't use normal cpus, or gpus, or even fpgas. 
@_date: 2013-03-26 08:21:56
I disagree. There are applications built into the Bitcoin system that are not even actively used yet which go far and beyond a simple currency. Mike covers some of the mind numbingly [amazing capabilities of the Bitcoin system]( 
(from the video) Quoted from Satoshi in 2010:
"The design supports a tremendous variety of possible transaction types that I designed years ago.  Escrow transactions, bonded contracts, third party arbitration, multi-party signature, etc.  
If Bitcoin catches on in a big way, these are things we'll want to explore in the future, but they all had to be designed at the beginning to make sure they would be possible later."
Bitcoin isn't "just" a currency. There are things in the system that permit inheritances (locktime), kickstarter-like assurance contract transactions (sighash_anyonecanpay), m of n transactions to handle escrow/dispute mediations, smart property. 
This is all capable within the Bitcoin network itself. It can literally replace kickstarter, lawyers/banks handling inheritances, built in capability to automate dispute mediation. etc. Can Gold/Silver have built in assurance contracts? Does the money in your wallet have the capability of being immediately transferred to your next of kin in either the event of your death, or part of you money be passed to him as a college fund when he reaches 18?
Bitcoin does all this plus a helluvalot more.


2012 has already passed, there is not going to be a zombie apocalypse, even in ww2 they had power and technology, if anything it improved drastically. Neither technology, nor power is going away.
@_date: 2013-03-08 16:56:36
I'm not so sure of that, he stretched his tentacles far and wide to promote bitcoin, literally to dozens of sites. 
I suspect he may still have influence in the project, but perhaps more as a minor collaborator rather than the lead developer. My rationale is the guy spent the better part of 2.5 years coding this masterpiece, can you seriously say he'd simply walk away? This is his baby, and its an absolutely beautiful creation. I'm fairly sure he is assisting in some way, maybe even under his real identity, after all he has very likely a huge number of Bitcoins assigned to him in all likelihood. It's highly unlikely he will walk away after such an investment.
I'm absolutely certain that at the very least he is following the progress of Bitcoin closely. That said I doubt he's going to spring up his head to answer questions, something tells me he's only going to contact and offer advice to Gavin or other close collaborators in the even that Bitcoin is in real trouble and he knows he can offer assistance.
@_date: 2013-09-08 14:37:56
I don't know why but this particular misuse of "there" was very jarring. I'm not normally irritated and let it fly, but for some reason I feel compelled to point it out this time.
"Their" is a possessive pronoun. It always describes a noun, eg. Their dog has fleas. (possessive of they). This is the one you want.
"There" is an adverb meaning "that location." . This is incorrect usage in your sentence.
As newhampshire22 said, welcome to reddit :P.
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:35:34
I have never promoted the idea of spending money to buy Bitcoins in the naive belief they are going to make me rich.
I have in actuality bought approximately $1000 in Bitcoins progressively over time (I'm a poor student), I considered it play money, something to have on hand if I needed something in Bitcoin, which is actually becoming a more and more regular occurrence, but I never specifically bought so I could cash out later, I bought because I needed them at the time, or planned to use them in the future. I don't "invest" in Bitcoin, as some do, but I have saved in Bitcoin, so I can use them later, not as a means of investment that can be converted back to cash. I've always been one way. cash -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; spend.
I also didn't buy huge amounts in one go, I bought a few hundred dollars worth here, a few hundred dollars there, I only bought when I had spare cash, and I accepted it may be worth much less tomorrow.
Those coins have far eclipsed their initial value over time and of those coins I've used I've recouped my initial cash value. I have progressively saved small amounts of my income as Bitcoins too because I am as some like to call a "believer". But I *never* advocate that others should do the same. I have never tried to convince friends, family, or those on the net to buy Bitcoin, I make them fully aware that they could go to zero tomorrow, and I remind them regularly.
Bitcoin's utility as a store of value is good as a very short term store of value, and as we have seen it has also served as an excellent long term store of value, but it will take years yet for it to be regarded as a good store of value in the mid term.
To answer your question, If I got handed 20,000 in cash, would I buy 20 bitcoins? No, BUT, If I needed something and I knew I could get it slightly cheaper with Bitcoins, or it was only available for bitcoins, I sure as hell would. That said, I'd also happily buy a Casascius coin, and maybe drop $500-1000 on Bitcoins when the craziness smooths out a bit, but no, most of that 20k would stay in my pocket.
@_date: 2013-04-26 16:59:13
It's called mintchip, announced not long after Bitcoin, and it is about as popular as a pufferfish in your sleeping bag.
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:49:58
You don't understand, they "wear negative karma as a badge of honour".
@_date: 2013-07-10 14:55:02
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:01:31
Congrats on the foresight. This is how dissemination of info works. Firstcomers get the raw info, interperet it, and those afterwards refine it. It's rough and ready and it's incredibly fresh. Especially considering everyone here has almost zero Chinese knowledge.
Not being snarky here, but lay off the accusations of spreading false info. I'm learning this info minute to minute just like you. If you have more accurate info, I'll gladly defer to you.
That said, you need to actually *add* to the conversation rather than simply generalise what everyone here has already said.
@_date: 2013-10-25 07:33:33
If this is your reasoning then why didn't Microsoft crush the open source movement? I mean they are arguably the most powerful and threatened competitor out there, not to mention the myriad other companies producing proprietary software. 
The reason is open source is decentralised and free for literally anyone and everyone to enter/leave at will. It has complete autonomy and can be utilised by anyone, (as well as improved by anyone). You can't simply undermine Bitcoin with money, and besides the minute governments/organisations turn on Bitcoin they will become victim of the Streisand effect. Any overt action to crush Bitcoin (or even covert) threatens to draw in a wave of users that wants what the government doesn't want them to have. 
Bitcoin stands side by side with opensource as an incorruptible idea, and literally becomes stronger, the more users adopt it. 
As far as your argument that the valuation should be fair for Americans buying Bitcoin compared to early adopters, I don't think you'd be likely to complain about anyone making a fortune on an IPO on the stock market. What's more Bitcoin would be dead without incentive for early users. Early users MADE Bitcoin what it is today, Bitcoin's success is not simply because Satoshi, the army of one he is, made Bitcoin the behemoth it is today, it's every single person after him that became inspired, greedy, passionate, curious, agenda driven or even simply altruistic that made Bitcoin what it is today. Not some charity, or something doing this for the good of humanity. People that want to make the safe decisions will be the last ones coming to Bitcoin, these people have traded huge benefit in the form of multiplying their money, for stability and low risk. It's a trade off, so those grandparents will simply move their money over and that will be that, they've lost nothing in value since by then Bitcoin will be rock solid value wise and use-wise and they will reap the smallest (though definitely significant) benefits. 
It's a fair trade off.
@_date: 2013-11-26 07:26:17
It's ok man, I'm in the same boat. I have no idea how following safe practices in conjunction with using Armory, a yubikey and enabling 2fa on every site I move Bitcoins to/from has resulted in me **STILL** having all the coins I've ever owned *minus* all the coins I've spent on stuff.
WTF is happening here!?!!
@_date: 2013-07-15 14:17:59
Hi Silfax, I'd like to go in on 2 coins. If you can confirm being able to send to Australia and how much that would be postage-wise that would be good thanks. 
@_date: 2013-01-23 01:39:37
This actually did [happen]( in the past when Satoshi was still around. The blockchain was indeed rolled back a few hours after the problem presented itself.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:00:27
The fundamentals are changing around Bitcoin rapidly. More people liking/supporting/buying and using Bitcoin is a fundamental. The most vital in fact.
It is insanely obvious the Bitcoin userbase is increasing such that the new Bitcoins entering the system can't service demand. So yeah, Bitcoin is getting more popular so the price is going to go up.
@_date: 2013-10-26 01:48:13
Regardless of volatility, it can still be used for short term value transfer. So, in that case the volatility argument can almost be completely abolished. As an investor it's a different story. The short term fix to that is to simply never invest more than you are willing to lose.
One of the side effects of a currency that is completely autonomous is that no single entity can control it's value. It is valued on the free market and as long as Bitcoin's market cap is what it is currently, the price will suffer from these sudden buy/sell moves in the market. A lot of this also has to do with market liquidity. Moving money into and out of the Bitcoin market is still clunky and time consuming. New users still need to go to significant effort to buy Bitcoins (though it is light years ahead of what it was like a year ago).
Bottom line is price volatility is a natural consequence of such a small market and only by improving liquidity will volatility lessen. The value is going to follow the whims of the free market rather than some suits in a skyscraper. With that in mind I consider it a fair tradeoff.
@_date: 2013-12-09 09:57:56
Yep, in the last 2 months alone, the number of subscribers here has increased 37%. 
We have a lot of very new people here getting into Bitcoin that have never seen the price skyrocket, and then plummet in the same week. 
They are very new to this. It'll be nice a month or two from now when Bitcoin prices settle a little and we go back to the way it was before the price shot up.
Good times they were.
@_date: 2013-12-22 17:50:00
When your responses are patronising, insulting and bereft of actual discussion and instead laden with ridicule and sarcasm.
Yeah, kinda.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:58:14
I guess the short answer is to let the suspense and uncertainty build, then cause a reaction that will hopefully have a domino effect. Nearly every time large amounts of coins are panic-sold, only to recover in price and surge forward as opportunistic buyers snap up bargains, and usually spurs even more buying. 
It's done by malicious actors to cause a scare and make them think this is when the bubble pops and won't recover. Unfortunately it's probably been done 4-5 times now and people still haven't learnt yet.
Good for shaking out opportunistic buyers though and leaving a solid footing for the price. Gotta give it that.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:46:28
Ideas can't be silenced, but people can. The US is showing it is more than happy to hunt down and charge with whatever plausible crime, those that stand out as working against Americas interests.
@_date: 2013-03-14 15:07:23
Unless digitalh3rmit is going to sign a message with this address's private key I'd take his claim with a grain of salt.
@_date: 2013-03-20 03:06:00
Not to be nosy, but he probably has a very chill 1000 BTC since
1000 BTC * 60 USD = 60,000 USD
 and 
1000 BTC * 61 USD = 61,000 USD
so every dollar increase ATM adds 1,000 USD to the value of the 1000 BTC, at least in the current clime. Thats all very approximate though and is likely to be a bit more than 1000 but even still 1000 BTC is a huge amount of dough to be sitting on. 
@_date: 2013-02-07 06:23:08
Though I appreciate MatthewLM has created a GPLv3'd C based Bitcoin implementation, he seems to have undone himself by trying to appropriate any contributions to the code for his exclusive use. By all means he should (and rightly has the option to) make his own code closed source, but trying to rewrite the licence to force others' additions retroactively under his own copyright control is underhanded and not in the spirit of open source projects in any way.
Jeff Garzik has also implemented a [C based Bitcoin library, picobitcoin and libccoin](  with BSD/MIT compatible licensing. He has asked for no money. I'd urge as many people as possible to support Jeff's implementation over MatthewLM's for obvious reasons. Jeff is a core developer of Bitcoin's reference client and in light of MatthewLM's dubious motivations, deserves far more support than the cbitcoin author.
Edit: accidentally some words.
Other clients Jeff mentions include [ufasoft-coin]( [bitsofproof]( and [pynode](
@_date: 2013-02-19 12:17:09
Every time you spend coins from an address with a particular balance the entirety of the funds are in reality "spent". This helps obfuscate the payment because is very difficult to know who received which funds. A transaction of eg. 1 btc from an address A that has 3 btc assigned to it means 3 btc is moved from A to two different addresses, B and C. B is the person you want to send the 1 btc to and C is another address you also own. So B receives 1 btc and C receives the change left over, thus, 2 btc is transferred to C.
Every time you spend from that address this scenario is occurring. It is meant to make sure noone knows how much money you really have and fuzz the sender/receiver amounts. All in the name of privacy. This behaviour can be easily overridden in some clients such as Armory, in the transaction box it has a nice little radio button to explicitly tell the client to send the change back to the originating address, I'm not so sure about other clients though, I doubt Bitcoin-Qt has such an option.
@_date: 2013-12-01 16:34:21
The "Bit" part probably got borrowed from "Bit"-torrent because the protocol is peer to peer.
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:18:43
As I understand it, even if he moves and lives in a different country for several years, he'll still have to pay the USG tax, the IRS will *still* tax expats' income even if they haven't been back to live in america for years. Unless he completely abandon's his US citizenship he will continue to get reamed, paying taxes for services he will never use, and wars he never agreed with.  
@_date: 2013-11-14 16:01:06
This would be the perfect time to provide a link to your previous comments, I for one would definitely like to hear them.
@_date: 2013-05-12 09:03:09
Because all transactions are public, you erode your anonymity if you continually reuse an address. This opens you up to someone tracking your spending habits and discovering your identity. A paper wallet isn't a terrible thing and reusing an address a couple times is not harmful in and of itself, but it instils very bad habits in users and additionally because nearly all clients don't reuse addresses by default for the reasons stated above, someone could easily send change from a transaction to an address other than the paper wallet address without even realising it.
Paper wallets have a few niche uses like cold storage on a more robust physical medium, but they should not be used like one would use a bank account to perform all their transactions with. That's extremely bad practice and will cause far bigger problems down the road, (and one slip-up with your change and poof! your entire Bitcoin balance could disappear).
With regards to a "heist" of everyone's coins, the device could have a backdoor, or a special seed that looks random butin actual fact is deterministic, such that down the line the issuer of these devices could reconstitute every single private key made on each device and en-mass steal those funds later.
@_date: 2013-12-31 11:02:06
Were they interested in seizing DPR's coins?
@_date: 2013-09-10 12:45:17
[This]( might shed some light on how it happened. All I know for sure was that it was a weakness on linode's end. This was one of a string of painful lessons for the Bitcoin community. Linode should have been dragged over the coals at the time too, but they were never pursued for damages (probably because Bitcoin did not have enough rep to be considered "real" money at that time). It was absolutely disgusting how they essentially went "Oops, our bad, sorry you lost a small fortune" and then essentially walked away, while everyone else was left staring at the shattered pieces as a result of their negligent security. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:52:03


This really is the best course of action, and to put your mind at ease somewhat, this is already [well underway]( Smart people are on the job. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:14:33
I actually find it grossly irresponsible that they are actually honouring trades during a DDOS.
@_date: 2013-02-22 20:22:34
Hence why I said hopefully ;). At the end of the day hopefully the human element wins out...
@_date: 2013-07-02 01:30:08
Sorry, woman's day is an Aussie gossip mag, much like Cosmo, Marie Claire, OK!, and so on.
@_date: 2013-07-26 15:14:21












Then I guess you're cool with removing political endorsements from the sidebar then. Good stuff.


So is gold and silver, and they are politically neutral on their subreddits, Bitcoin should follow suit.
@_date: 2013-02-19 14:31:29
Which technically is exactly the same. The behaiviour is exactly the same but I've never explored the reasoning why everything must be theoretically "spent" from one address, even though the majority can be returned. There may be a reason beyond ensuring the maximum amount of psedonymity but I haven't thought much about it. A nice side benefit is you can create metrics such as activiy of addresses, blockchain.info actually can track how active coins are under the [days destroyed]( chart. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:51:53
A recent discussion [here]( discusses the context, and they reckon it doesn't apply to exchanges because they are essentially matching buyers and sellers, they are not market makers or buying/selling using their own money.
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:36:54
Orphans. Even with a 10 minute propagation window with 1mb Bitcoin still has occasional orphans, where more than one valid block is transmitted very closely together. Dumb and greedy miners absolutely have an upper blocksize limit that is enforced by the propagation window (even if the blocksize limit was removed entirely, it must still be transmitted within that timeframe and be propagated quickly enough), if a miner can't transmit a block fast enough in that 10 min period another miner could very likely propagate faster with a smaller block, and get it to more nodes faster. The greedy miner with his phat block who thinks payday is coming will get nothing. Miners could also have their own rules to refuse to propagate huge blocks in the hope they will get a smaller block over that period too.
@_date: 2013-07-23 16:31:27
For every problem it solves it creates 10 more. They want to fix potential blockchain bloat by having a sliding chain, itself an absurd idea, but that means coins need to be essentially reregistered.
Imagine if this type of system got big, this means HUGE traffic *just* to keep your coins alive, and meticulous tracking of when you need to respend your coins you have no intention of spending. It's all kinds of wrong, it violates property rights, forces a financial census, violating privacy, streeses the network to an absurd amount and not only that *punishes* people that use the coins and help prop up the value of said coins by threatening confiscation if they don't spend regularly.
These ideas will die a quick and silent death. If you don't believe me I have made a record of these same propositions on the bitcointalk forums. I assure you, the community will not support a document such as this, and the main developers agree.
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2013-03-08 00:48:51
Thanks :). There are those among the Bitcoin community that believe that Bitcoin should evolve into a bank-like clearing house where only really large transactions are cleared between bank-like entities. These guys *want* the limit to stay fixed as it is. I myself believe a limit is ultimately destructive, both to the community and to any economy that Bitcoin supports. Scaling up the blocksize according to need and capability is, I feel, the only way this problem will be put to sleep.
Fees are a necessary mechanism to ensure blockchain security and in the current situation, as Bitcoin gets larger, we will have instead of a free market of fee discovery, we will have an auction, where big players can force out competition simply by buying out the blockchain space. This will force users to use intermediaries (which others believe will "fix" the blockspace problem), to clear their transactions through. IMO a fixed blocksize of any size will not fix the problem. Now admittedly these problems are some years off, maybe even several, but everyone is acutely aware that change comes slowly to the Bitcoin protocol so it pays to get started on a solution early.
A hard fork is a very, VERY bad thing, it would essentially mean two Bitcoin networks exist side by side, blind to each other's transactions and over a long enough period, unable to merge back. The Bitcoin network would essentially become two where your coins could literealy be spent twice. Before you get excited, what it essentially means is mass confusion, and undermining of confidence in Bitcoin in general. It would probably signal the failure of Bitcoin. Ideally to avoid this we get consensus on a change before the rules are changed, then a switchover date is decided upon and integrated into all clients so that it happens smoothly. This has happened twice before, once with multisig (BIP17), and another time where the way blocks were timestamped was changed. Implementation of BIP17 was a good example of what happens when the rules of the network are changed and there was the possibility of a hard fork. Ultimately in these situations you want all the miners and people who run full node software to agree before-hand, then decide on a time to switch rules and continue on. Generally the consensus is the blocksize limit needs to be changed, but lots of people have ideas about how to implement it. Because the "how" is under a cloud it means switching rules to either raise, or remove the limit needs hard evidence. BIP17 had the same issue where Gavin and another dev Luke-JR argued over implementation of multisig (BIP16/17). It was a shitstorm, since Luke-JR, the people-person he was, decided to undermine Gavin's leadership by running his miners, that had around 8-16% of the hashrate with his own flavour of how multisig should be implemented. He also actively lobbied against Gavin, openly trying to promote his implementation to other miners, and generally made himself look like an ass. It could have been much worse if Luke had been more diplomatic and was better with people though. Luckily he rubbed most people the wrong way and Gavin's level-headedness meant the majority sided with him.
What Gavin and the other devs are doing regarding the soft limit is very likely because they want to avoid, if possible, a repeat of multisig implementation. There are enough dissenters against raising the limit that we could have a fiasco like BIP17 all over again. Gathering some hard evidence of miner behaviour, and shoving it down the throats of the armchair developers is going to be vital if the blocksize limit is every going to reach consensus.
@_date: 2013-03-08 03:33:19
I kinda agree, we should be pragmatic about value and not shoot to the moon with unrealistic expectations. Bitcoin has to make many, many steps and will likely go through a few transformations before the coins in the blockchain reach those numbers (if it ever does), and that may also take decades.
Some perspective though. I was surprised when 1 Bitcoin hit parity with the USD. And I mean REALLY surprised! Cruelly I also held off buying as it rose past a dollar and upward since I felt confident it would dip significantly and I could purchase some Bitcoins cheaply. Now we are floating in the 40s. 
I didn't see the hidden discontent and demand for Bitcoin in the early days and my realistic expectations were utterly blown away. It doesn't mean that history is going to repeat itself moving forward, but I've now learnt that outright pessimism while ignoring current climes will get you left behind ;)
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:12:31
Nor does OPs purely speculative discussion focused solely on China, OPs explanation is purely speculative at best and misleading at worst.
[Cherrypicking facts while ignoring everything else is stupid](
@_date: 2013-11-17 14:13:09
Americas law. Liberty Reserve's owners were from Costa Rica and resided in spain. Didn't stop America getting what they wanted. 
If Matthew Green want's to make his Zerocoin, he may want to consider moving to a country with no extradition agreements with America.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:40:44
I upvoted you ;), we need the pragmatists almost as much as we need Bitcoin zealots, hopefully with both we find the sane middleground.
@_date: 2013-07-31 19:17:00
Looks like OP is a copy paster. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:43:29
Yep, it's a [dark]( [dark day]( 
It's almost certain that Bitcoin will be dead without China pumping money into Bitcoin like a central bank does to prop up existing currencies. Especially considering China only had skin in the game these last couple months. We need a bailout! /s
@_date: 2013-04-06 05:50:06
You know all those idle supercomputers that [governments control]( Many of them also loaded with thousands of GPUs, the ones that are useless for BTC mining, not to mention the botnets laying in wait. LTC wouldn't stand a chance against this infrastructure. All these governments/criminals need to do is switch a few on.
Botnets can easily control GPUs on desktops, MM back in the day at one stage controlled 10% of Bitcoin's total network hashing power, and only through the advent of ASICS did that control, and incentive to commit criminal acts by illegaly hijacking other machines, massiviely dimminish.
Litecoin is completely, and permanently susceptible to these things. It simply will not stand a chance in the long run.
@_date: 2013-09-23 08:04:57
Well shit, looks like the panic from months ago regarding BTC-TC being based in the US would cause regulatory concerns is now rearing it's ugly head. 
It's a shame too since I thought BTC-TC was a really well put together site. It almost seems to me that if sites like this want to continue operating they'll have to either A) bend over, or B) operate under the umbrella of the TOR network, much like the silk road.
Hopefully many of these securities will get transferred over to bitfunder. I don't see how these securities are going to continue operating otherwise.
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:10:11
For the first time in human history, the Bitcoin network has created from nothing an autonomous self building, economically sustainable time stamping network.
Such a concept was thought impossible, and it's very existence is generating commerce across the world.
The tax man will find that useful, and it's a hell of a lot more environmentally friendly and efficient compared to digging yellow metal out of mountansides for hundreds of years.
@_date: 2013-02-12 01:29:06
Bitcoin and steam games seem like a perfect fit too IMO. There are 3rd party steam game sellers too. Getting them to accept Bitcoin as a payment option would be fantastic.
@_date: 2013-02-09 04:46:27
I thrashed out the topic with [BeatySees already ]( If you are interested. The tl;dr is IMO it can, and probably should be raised, the artificial limit is a temporary stopgap and should be replaced with a sliding metric much like the difficulty is used for block intervals. Satoshi limited it this way probably because at the time there were other much more pressing issues, like getting the currency off the ground and making sure everything else worked.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:04:16


People once claimed that $1000 per Bitcoin was simply unattainable.
[Keep moving those goalposts.](
Edit: Oh yeah, one more thing, competition can be a *bitch*, also, have you seen WU's [stock price lately? ](
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:50:13
I don't think there could be many, there was that guy that posted here explaining he was in serious debt and maxed out his credit cards to the tune of $30,000 and bought in from around 80-120, but he then later lost his nerve and sold half that near the peak to cover his initial investment, so he's no longer up shit creek if it tanks.
I know greed is a powerful driver and people's memories seem to be really bad, but if the major falls in 2011 when it hit 32 and went back to 2, as well as this years roller-coaster ride from 10 to 250 to 50, and then back to 120 is not a HUGE warning sign to NOT invest in over their heads, then I'll be damned if I know what is.
I personally have always only risked what I was willing to lose (I never heavily invested in Bitcoin FYI, I simply mined back in the day), but too many people get blinded by greed and want to leverage a big payoff that will happen off the back of limitless hype. Buying a couple hundred dollars now every month or so and sitting on it for several years may actually be enough to buy a house, but very few people actually want to think about saving in Bitcoin as a long term strategy. They don't see Bitcoin as a vehicle for change, or an innovation in finance, or a way to protect their savings from banks or government theft, or even a fun new way to spend their money, they simply see it as a vehicle for quadrupaling their money in a few weeks so they can cash out as fast as they can.
I also *hate* the "going to the moon!" posts and other useless statements. I appreciate healthy and reasoned speculation, but more often than not it is said from the perspective that it's going to make them rich, pyramid-scheme style. That's why, when I talk about risking lots of money as an investment in bitcoins I always preface it with "only invest what you can afford to lose", I know it gets tiring hearing it, and maybe even annoying, but there are so many stupid, greedy people out there it's crazy.
@_date: 2013-09-29 14:34:35
I remember when people used to joke about Bitcoin reaching $100. Dreaming about seeing Bitcoin rise from $1 to 100X it's value, ahhhh the nostalgia.
@_date: 2013-03-12 13:03:35
Yeah, the response of the unpaid, open source devs that work on Bitcoin which supports an economy of hundreds of millions of dollars is going to put to shame the paid, fulltime proprietary devs that take weeks, sometimes months, to push fixes for 0-day exploits, phishing attacks, and viruses that siphons hundreds of millions of dollars from bank accounts around the world.
*PLEASE* let there be lots of publicity on how professional, and responsive the dev, and bitcoin community is to bugs that could potentially threaten millions of dollars of people's money.
@_date: 2013-04-15 20:47:11
"Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere."
This belongs in @_date: 2013-11-28 04:36:59
Ask Dave at 
He has a very good reputation for helping people with these problems.
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:00:10
the original post used the address 1McqPj92jvWfFg5F24dwyDSUptjTosH2EY which is entirely different to the screens shown above.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:49:06
your contention was I hadn't trried electrum. Check the last link, it casts a very different story. I gave a very frank and harsh assesment in the last link and, frankly they delivered a great deal since then. Armory is still way ahead usability-wise though. 
As I put in my edit, electrum is definitely getting better but, Armory is still king.
As far as your bet is concerned....  


Yeah, I know about Electrum ;)
@_date: 2013-11-26 10:38:10
Here's his website in case you need it.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:43:30
Agreed, if "crashing" means it drops to a point which is still far above the previous floor, it's a correction.
A crash is also devastating, and usually results in the price never recovering. If this is a crash, then I'm a talking stoat!
@_date: 2013-03-04 06:19:26
Hmmm, Mike said these were things that the current implementation of Bitcoin can be used for if/when coders develop the means to use what is there. Does that mean it has to be implemented much like BIP17 had to be implemented? Or does that simply mean we need to get some decent interface designers to hook the software into the Bitcoin network appropriately?
@_date: 2013-12-08 03:26:26
Coinbase is not an exchange.
America: CampBX, Kraken
China: [OKCoin, 42BTC, Bit Pioneer, BTC China, BTC Trade BTC100, BTer, China Bitcoin, Fire Currency, FxBTC, GoxBTC, RMBTB](
And I know I'm missing others.
@_date: 2013-12-12 08:55:58
I for one welcome Bitcoin as our new currency overlord.
I love how Bitcoin has been able to channel greed to work as a huge asset in it's continued success, and every user benefits from the greed of others in this instance. 
With the silk road coins, even the USG has a vested interest in protecting the value of the Bitcoin they hold if they want to recoup the value from them.
@_date: 2013-02-26 07:24:13
I'm of the opinion that there is no economic case for scarcity in the blocksize that will somehow ensure coin value or any such nonsense. I think what it will do is turn competition for space into an auction rather than a free market. An auction scenario means users lose out, and there is no chance for price discovery between miners and Bitcoin users, it will be a monopoly of the richest that get the highest security, forcing the less fortunate to use "alternatives". Alternatives will either be less secure, like ripple, *not* Bitcoin based ie. good 'ol fiat, or be handled by third parties, those that are already monopolising the blockspace. I think a lot of geeks have just transposed scarcity in the issuance of coins, and scarcity of the blockspace as somehow intrinsically linked when in actual fact I believe they are emphatically not. Blockspace restriction is outside the influence of economic sustainability and simply a pragmatic choice to ensure the network operates within it's means, as well as to prevent abuse. Blocksize restrictions have never had an influence in forcing transaction fees to replace the subsidy thus far, and we have even had a subsidy halving to show that the balance between miners and users, when it comes to price discovery has not in any way been influenced by scarcity in the blockchainspace.
I *do* think we need to have a limit on the blocksize, but I believe it should be done so that the propagation of blocks by nodes can be kept within the capabilites of the network rather than any absurd, economic pretense.
@_date: 2013-12-03 11:56:45
You're not the only one. I said much the same thing only a [month ago when the price was rising and there was a big dip](
It is an excellent way to gauge public sentiment and when the price bounces back, that in effect bolsters the price at the current level, far from destabilising, it infuses confidence at the current level.
Getting the coins more distributed also means there is less likelihood a whale can make huge splashes, rather it will be small ripples. Only when coins get sufficiently distributed will we truly have a free market. Right now, it's sort of a quasi-freemarket. It's not strong enough to bump noses with most other economies, and the distribution of coins is not scattered enough such that it can resist being controlled by a few large holders.
This will change as the price gets higher. This why the price HAS to get higher, not necessarily so everyone can get rich, but so that the Bitcoin economy becomes stronger, and more resistant to these small market effects.
@_date: 2013-10-16 23:54:14
Free world, deal with it.
@_date: 2013-12-17 11:22:57
I appreciate the calm and reasoned analysis. In the mean time maybe you should refrain from jumping the gun and making baseless assumptions. 
Or are we simply just going to settle for making things up now?
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:58:12
Kind of funny, you can start a movement to get a satellite into space, but theymos still can't seem to upgrade the forum :/
Incredible stuff by the way.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:49:39
It was around [8 months ago]( but back then we also didn't have 20k subscribers, so obviously it's news to some ppl ;)
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:51:52
You have to ask yourself, is taking on extra currencies worth the risk? In the end if an alt goes to hell in a handbasket they will be left holding the bag. Accepting the strongest and most reputed currency, Bitcoin, is risky enough.
The flip side is that there really is no need to accept any other alts when they accept Bitcoin because there are many exchanges that can be used to convert whatever alt to Bitcoin anyway, and doing so is very frictionless. This moves the risk to the user instead of the payment processor.
Accepting Bitcoin, by proxy, also facilitates acceptance of every other alt, and allows them to do so at zero risk to themselves. There is almost zero incentive for Bitpay et al. to accept alts.
@_date: 2013-12-08 15:10:14
I just covered this in a [similar thread]( 
I'd also advise you watch this before you start defending banks and governments as having a currency that is safer than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:19:42
Luckily people can't eat bitcoin, or shelter themselves from the elements with bitcoin. Especially if they are earning Bitcoin too, which people are now beginning to do. Savers eventually spend. 
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:44:45
The [new wealthy Elite]( :P I kid obviously. And when I meant mutually assured destruction I did mean nuclear destruction. Governments *do* in fact know when to compromise.... eventually, and I think they will compromise on Bitcoin too, after all Bitcoin could be a huge potential for taxes, if they can at least somewhat reliably taxe businesses using Bitcoin I think banks will finally be put in a position to lift their game.
Regardless, no doubt there will be political lines drawn, I personally hope the existing financial system collapses before our eyes so that Bitcoin can simply slip in and pick up the slack rather than try to headbut the Bull that is the traditional financial system. 
@_date: 2013-05-11 07:26:51
Cool. By what you said in OP the remaining funds still exist in your Bitcoin-qt wallet. That being the case, it was sent to a change address that only exists in your Bitcoin-qt wallet. If this is the case, you could do one of a few things, take the new change address from bitcoin-qt and import the new address into the blockchain.info wallet. This is a hassle though, alternatively, stick with one client, or the other when sending/receiving funds. Unfortunately at this stage interoperable deterministic wallets has not been rolled out across existing clients like blockchain.info and Bitcoin-qt. We are still in early days, but give it a year or two and this will likely no longer be a problem. In the mean time the best way to avoid this is to use one or the other, it you want to use both then just use two separate wallets, and if necessary import private keys as necessary to make up for spends that don't have enough funds in either wallet.
@_date: 2013-02-23 18:01:16
Comparing it to the Domain name grab of the 90's is actually a really good comparison to what is going on right now IMO.
I'm not so sure we will be swapping satoshis soon, but i reckon in a decade, moving more than a few Bitcoins will be quite uncommon unless it is a business, or one of the early adopters. 
Who knows though. In a decade we might be lamenting the whole Bitcoin experiment wondering what went wrong.... ;)
@_date: 2013-03-17 02:36:11
This needs to happen because all the clients up 0.7 are actually flawed. 0.8 is necessary, and the correct client to use, it just needs to be rolled out in a controlled manner, unlike last week's chaos. Miner's could have continued on 0.8 but it was seen as less confusing to roll back and do everything properly so that the problem could be identified, workarounds can be developed, notifications of users could be sent out etc.
A immediate zero-hour switch to 0.8 was hardly a good idea so it wasn't done. And besides, a fork won't happen if everyone knows ahead of time. Even for those that want to stay on 0.7 apparently they can get a workaround. Unlike last time, if clients fork users will know exactly what they need to do to get back on the main chain. Neither of your points need to occur in order for the chain to hum along happily, people just need to be kept in the loop so that they know what they need to do, unlike last time.
As gavin said, "don't panic".
@_date: 2013-02-27 14:30:52
I kinda agree, this seems to be all about helping the rich get richer. That said, a lot of what they are doing seems to be more in the way of streamlining North American-based transactions to help speed things up, as well as making Bitcoin's bought and sold more secure. On the upside if there is a backlash, it may spur other exchanges to the forefront.
I'm very uneasy about this guy being into Forex trading. By the looks of it he wants to slip that into the Bitcoin world for rich players. IMO Bitcoin will not benefit from Forex as it seems to me to be a very weak fundamental, at least I doubt it is the kind of fundamental Bitcoin needs to make it successful long term. What's more the guy was talking 250,000 - 500,000 "blocks" of Bitcoins wasn't he? Even trying to acquire that many Bitcoins over an extended time, like a month or two would see the price rise by a factor of 10 or even 100 in *very* short order. Supply at MtGox doesn't even reach 50,000 right now and there's strong indications that a vast number have never moved since they were mined, and may never will.
I can *feel* the greed emanating from this guy.
@_date: 2013-02-22 07:50:42






Agreed on both counts, never knew anything about Sanger until a few hours ago, so I was a little confused over the history this one individual played. I have already been saying that eugenics was bad, other than my confusion over Sanger, I'm not sure what else to say except that my original point was the user a-typical-redditor endorses eugenics and I think by extension his opinions carry little, if any substance.
@_date: 2013-02-28 18:42:36
The fuck am I reading? Seriously, what the fuck is this? Words,...... they just,,,,,, wat?!//? ,,, ??????,,/.//,../////   ?
On a serious note, This "journalism" could've been covered in 4-5  "tweets", journalism? Fuuuuuuuuck......
@_date: 2013-03-20 11:41:31
Quoting a [previous post]( on this subject:






And another post on the [same subject]( 








Long story short, inflation is good for Governments, deflation is good for people.
@_date: 2013-03-19 12:05:22
Australia ATM, Japan in a few months, finally going back for a little while after a looooong hiatus. My username will finally be correct again! :)
@_date: 2013-07-30 05:43:08
I'd disagree. Back in the CPU era, there were only two chip manufacturers that could meet the needs of Bitcoin mining, Intel and AMD.
In the GPU era there was only Nividia and AMD/ATI (mainly ATI TBH).
It meant one or two companies had a monopoly on hardware for Bitcoin hashing. There was also no incentive to optimise the power efficiancy for these devices and TBH this hardware was still quite expensive, $700 for a decent video card is hardly what I'd call cheap.
In the ASIC era we currently have:
* Avalon.
* ASICMINER.
* BFL (for what it's worth).
and may very well have some competition as optimisation in chip design becomes more cut-throat.
* ActiveMiner a new company has announced finalisation of plans to produce a 28nm ASIC in the coming months.
* Hashfast, recently announced plans to also enter 28nm chip manufacture.
* ASICMINER has announced that Nov-Dec they will be deploying their suite of next-gen ASIC devices (28nm?) as well as renting out additional ASIC equipment in order to avoid having direct control over too much hash power.
What this means is that there is a strong possibility there will be around 5+ independently designed and sold hashing chips available for distribution. This will push down costs, lower the barrier to entry and enable greater access to the mining arena. As well as, lets not forget, adding a ridiculous amount of hashing power to the Bitcoin network, securing it even further.
Compared to a $300 video card that was terribly inefficient, we now have sub $100 USB powered units that hash at the same rate. And all indications point towards this getting even cheaper a year (or even less) from now. Hell there's even now competition for production of USB units by independent manufacturers using Avalon chips.
@_date: 2013-11-14 14:10:54
Mike Hearn discussed it months ago on bitcointalk, so a lot of people already knew about it and discussed how it was pretty much pointless. 
I'm not exactly worried, but myself, like other Bitcoiners are very quickly, and loudly, making sure everyone knows why this is utterly stupid. As far as being a threat is concerned, I'm not really worried, it's as much a threat as the USG funding a 51% attack, but since Bitcoin is definitely in it's early growth stage it's important to nip this in the bud and make it clear that this project is NOT in merchants, or users' best interests. I liken it to the government trying to force ISPs to monitor traffic to try and thwart filesharing and torrents. This is similar in the sense that governments may try to use merchants to screen every coin they handle, but in reality all it will do for those that "opt-in" is drive business to those that don't "opt-in". The only way this could possibly work is if the USG had the majority of control over the Bitcoin network, so it's unlikely it could be a substantial threat. But these people have enough credibility that some will actually think it is a good idea. If a majority of Bitcoin merchants got on board, then I would be worried, if 90% of businesses that handled Bitcoin adopted something like this then yes, the free market that Bitcoin enjoys right now would be threatened by this, so it's important to encourage people to ignore this stupid idea before anyone wilfully steps into the cage and gets entrapped by it.
Edit: Thanks for the gold, good anon sir!
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:45:06
I'm not going to twist in the wind according to sentiment. And I'd like to remind you I'm going to buy *inside* the Bitcoin economy, *NOT* "cash out" across an exchange. That is afterall where everyone's eyeballs are glued when they try to measure price. And sure big spends inside the system will affect price, but hardly as much as selling across an exchange. It's not like I'm holding several hundred thousand coins, seriously.
Edit: Also "counterfeit" coins? 
Saw your deleted message too:








@_date: 2013-07-26 20:24:13
Sorry I misinterpreted. Thanks for the clarification. Glad I always react conservatively. :). But yeah, some of it really makes me wish the mods would distance themselves from that.
@_date: 2013-11-07 09:07:30
Oooohhh... nice catch, I hardly noticed since I pretty much was immediately going for the downvote. 
I upvoted for the humorous pun. 
^^^^^^I ^^^^^^still ^^^^^^fucking ^^^^^^hate ^^^^^^that ^^^^^^hold ^^^^^^meme ^^^^^^though.
@_date: 2013-03-03 08:08:44
VPN Providers,
Accepting Bitcoin: 9
Not accepting Bitcoin: 4
Not bad.
@_date: 2013-10-27 04:53:37
In the early days I'd agree with the ponzi-like fandom (I'm totally guilty). But really, for merchants the risk of accepting Bitcoin is pretty much nil as far as risk is concerned since many companies insulate against that risk. What's more there is less impetus nowadays to egg on users to use Bitcoins. The advantages for anyone that is curious is now self evident. I much prefer to lead by example and let others sit on the sidelines while I enjoy using my government-free currency on whatever I damn-well please, while also periodically enjoying (ans sometimes wincing at) the occasional jump or fall in price.
Bitcoin is still not a currency for the wary, it's for those that are willing to push boundaries and (literally) put their money where their mouth is. I find that to be the greatest argument there is, no more words, just action.
@_date: 2013-11-14 14:57:24
I think this was it.
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:54:46
Hardcore is when you use dice as your rng, then etch the privatekey and qr code onto stainless steel.
@_date: 2013-09-22 10:15:52
Here's the thing, they have made your buying their products a living hell, I am sure they are more than capable and definitely vindictive enough to use the legal system to extend said hell past the refund stage if you start breaking the law.
ATM you have the law on your side regarding the refund, BFL has no leg to stand on, and pretty much zero recourse against you as it stands right now, they've screwed the pooch and you've got them by the short and curlys. So ask yourself, why are you opening the door to legal retribution when you already have your money back and BFL has nothing? If you want to get greedy and keep what rightfully isnt yours, then be prepared for the possibility that you are walking into legal trouble by doing so. Sure, BFL may simply write it off as a loss, but they also may hunt that package down and may cost you far more in legal fees, time and stress.
Is that what you want?
@_date: 2013-02-20 07:58:48
[Zimbabwe tried to jail people that tried to raise prices because their currency was plummeting due to inflation]( . Ironically by trying to keep people away from other currencies and forcing them to use Zimbabwe dollars, they actually accelerated the abandonment of the Zimbabwe dollar. 
Any government that is in a currency crisis that tries to ban adoption of Bitcoin will see exactly the same kind of response. Bitcoin is also excellent at covering it's tracks too so it would be nigh on impossible to prevent people using Bitcoins even if it were outlawed. The common argument that shutting down exchanges would stop the flood is moot as well since it is not mandatory to use an exchange to get Bitcoins, someone can fly into a country with a currency crisis that has outlawed Bitcoin, load up their brainwallet while there, transmit transactions over tor, live like a king on Bitcoins, then leave without the government ever knowing Bitcoin was transacted in their country.
With the oncoming currency war on our doorstep, practically every currency in the world is going to be affected by debasement of their currency via inflation. Except Bitcoin. People that want to protect the value of the assets they currently have will likely move a portion to Bitcoin and any government that tries to obstruct this will sound alarm bells worldwide that the governments' currencies are no longer a safe store of value. If a bank stopped me withdrawing my funds I would immediately hit the panic button, it would be absolutely no different if a Government tried to prevent me from moving my money into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:36:03
 * 2 factor.
 * yubikey.
 * 2 password for withdrawal.
I use all three, never been a nuisance to use, never had a problem with wallet security. Ever.
@_date: 2013-02-16 02:00:48
Because it would be a tacit endorsement that what he did was acceptable. If I did then I'd be a hypocrite. I honestly hope he doesn't lose it all, but I could never say his decision was a sound, reasonable or rational one either.
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:27:01




What he is really asking is hinted at in the first paragraph. What he is really saying is, that because the network has a fixed method of distribution, that means governments et al. can't manipulate the price, because we have no control, we can give no assurances of it's value (such that *we* can't control what the floor should be according to us, whoever *we* are), so how can we manipulate the price (in a way that stabilises it) when the market fluctuates suddenly?
The answer is that the free market controls the floor and the bigger the market gets, the more stable the floor shall become as well as a narrower floor/ceiling difference. What the floor is can't be controlled by any one entity for any period of time.
This is why economists et al. are uncertain and nervous about Bitcoin's value because they don't trust the free market to stabilise without their hand on the printing press to print more/less to serve their needs. They also believe in constant growth via debt is defacto for any currency, which Bitcoin doesn't do (because there is no central distributor, to loan etc.), and this also unsettles economists because they religiously believe banks are instrumental in creating stable economies which IMO is BS but that is kinda off topic.
tldr; the floor is determined by the free market, not elites, and economists/government types don't like not being in control of other people's money.
@_date: 2013-03-07 06:27:41
@_date: 2013-03-30 02:41:42
By all means don't take my word for it, read the OP's post history and judge for yourself.
@_date: 2013-12-08 16:32:31
Nice! :D thanks!
@_date: 2013-02-05 17:40:56
The idea that you can use made up facts to support your hypothesis is quite quite frankly nonsense IMO. No currency in the entire history of the world has 4 billion users using it, it's an absurd justification. Full nodes were not envisaged for the end user as the system got bigger either, and prudent design choices enables it to be compacted a hell-u-va-lot more than it currently is, hence why merkle trees were an integrated part of the blockchain to begin with. Adding on top of that there is already [serious discussion]( of creating ultrapruned versions of the blockchain that are just as secure as full nodes without the size.
Your either/or argument is also an absurd use of logic to justify your position. Bitcoin can scale up far, far, FAR more than you will give it credit, and there are very smart people making these things happen as we speak. 
Bitcoin was never intended as a pet currency, it was meant to brush shoulders with big banks, and it can do that. As subsidies on blocks peter out in the next several years, dust spamming (probably one of the biggest reasons for capping blocksizes initially) will no longer be a problem and miners can then find their own size that the majority of the network can handle. Not just fees but other more natural constraints will limit block sizes. Remember big  terabyte size blocks take longer to transmit, verify, and propagate, and if it takes longer than 10 mins, someone can make smaller blocks and propagate those instead to all the other nodes faster than the fat block. It doesn't take a genius to see that once subsidies are lower, miners will find other metrics that naturally keep the maximum blocksize in check. And that's not even factoring in Moore's law and the growth of technology, to accommodate scaling up the system.
Blindly adhering that scarcity of blockchain space is necessary, either economically, or functionally, is the kind of idiocy that will see Bitcoin eat itself alive. 
Edit: [this]( is the world Bitcoin is walking towards in the near future, not a piddly 144mb/day, but gigabyes per day.
@_date: 2013-07-03 14:37:08
Many moons ago I bought coins and bought a "rig". I spent half  the cost of the rig on Bitcoins. I was hedging my bets since if Bitcoins fell through I'd still have the hardware I mined with. Back then mining was a dark art and Bitcoin was on virtually no radar. I was speculating on the notion that there was still a strong chance Bitcoin would be worth zilch and be hailed a failed experiment.
Right now Bitcoin has a huge amount of infrastructure, a sizeable userbase, and has been at a semi-stable price point for at least a couple months now. I frankly do not see us going back to single digits or even back into the range of the mini-runup of $32, I think those days are well and truly behind us (though that is my personal opinion of course). If I had 60 grand that I considered play money I'd forget fiddling with miners that might take months to get into my hands, or even get scammed out of and simply buy the coins and enjoy the ride. 
I hedged my bets on both and I can tell you if I just dropped the money on coins I would have made a much greater return compared to doing both, but back then they were VERY uncertain days and even obtaining Bitcoins was incredibly hard compared to now (nowadays it's almost trivial to buy). Mining is still very technical, costly, and time intensive though, esp with ASICs hitting the scene. Buying coins is still somewhat difficult, but there is a guaranteed result in a much shorter time frame with far less risk TBH. If you're technical minded too though maybe go buy a dozen or so block erupters for fun :)
Otherwise, just buy the coins.
@_date: 2013-11-20 11:58:53
I've given up being frustrated, even if I screamed myself hoarse, there are still many people that get into Bitcoin with the expectation it will simply keep going up, and then scatter like mice at the instant the price wobbles.
Saw it happen the last two times, I see it happening right now, and I'm almost certain it will happen again in the future. 
Giving unsolicited advice like this (which I also saw people do the last two times), usually serves to aggravate those that are worried about their value. The time to warn people is before these things happen, and hopefully before they start pouring in money, not during. You'll just get abused or labelled as one of the manipulators.
Don't worry OP, just sit this one out, go have a beer and let the greedy people panic. Bitcoin won't die from pointless panic selling. Let them lock in their losses, and hopefully learn a lesson from it. Just make sure you're only in as much as you feel comfortable with, and wait until it all settles. That's what I've done each time.
@_date: 2013-10-22 11:05:43
Now is not the best time to mine....
I guess we're gonna see a lot more people buying rather than mining :)
@_date: 2013-03-26 09:21:23
I say bombed back to the 18th century because that is what it will take to destroy electricity production and the technological system that we have in place to disable Bitcoin entirely. It would take destruction on a worldwide scale. Bitcoin is decentralised enough that only one full copy of the blockchain, plus a small subset of the network is needed to keep Bitcoin functional and usable for those that can still connect to it. If one country goes down due to a tsunami like Japan but on a scale that disables most of the country, Bitcoin is still going to be perfectly functional for the rest of the world. If a pandemic struck, as long as one first world country managed to insulate itself, Bitcoin would still survive.


Don't need to assume, it already is. Bitcoin had zero investment except one guy, the client, and the idea. It is now literally supported worldwide, and people are more than capable of improving Bitcoin without it's original designer. BIP17 (m of n transactions) was implemented through consensus so it proves that people want the protocol to evolve further, and people were fully capable of selforganising according to Bitcoin's and their own interest to make it evolve.


I never condone breaking local laws, but the fact is, nothing like Bitcoin fits existing laws, just like new laws had to be drafted upon the emergence of the internet. If people choose to break laws, evade taxes etc., they don't need Bitcoin to do it, it's a moot point IMO.
@_date: 2013-11-11 11:37:35
Honestly, that link should be flashing rainbow colors so that every new user sees it right away. Even if it looked annoying I wouldn't even be mad because it would very likely lessen the 2-3 posts we seem to get every single day now about how yet another person got their wallet cleaned out because they were too lazy, or ignorant to turn on 2fa, or some other secondary security for their wallet. Or were completely stupid and stored a grand in coins on an exchange somewhere thinking it was "safe".
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:24:36
As demand increases, coins will become more distributed, this weakens any one actor in the market and means that the free market will have greater influence. Gold however, can be manipulated, and many people suspect this is the case.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:07:42
Yeah, that [400,000 increase in signups at coinbase]( in the last 4 months had no effect on the market value of Bitcoins whatsoever.
To use one data point (China) and then to ignore the rest of the world, does not a sound analysis make.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:54:06
I'm not going to get defensive over the caterwauling of journalists. They sometimes are a great balance to the almost unlimited bullishness of Bitcoiners and newcomers. Unfortunately they are becoming particularly shrill of late. I especially like their disclaimers they have before they really tear into the speculative bubble mantra. It sounds awfully similar to "I'm not racist but...". A great many of these articles inject heavy bias as to their own personal opinion, rather than actually reporting the facts and leaving it to the reader to decide.
I've got the memo, "speculative bubble" slant is being blasted in many articles on Bitcoin recently, and that's a *good thing*, it means people are not seeing a true bubble. There's so much noise about "bubbles" it's impossible to not be aware that the price might not be stable, yet people are buying anyway. Getting opinions from both sides is important so that people don't blindly run in expecting 10,000 USD/BTC by sunday, and they are getting it in spades.
I'd agree we're having a bubble but for only one reason and one reason only, recently the userbase has expanded significantly, and Bitcoin adoption by businesses is increasing significantly too. Because of this I think we may have to accept the fact that Bitcoin has fundamentals to support it. Now admittedly the fundamentals are new, but we are entering a phase now where we are getting significant positive feedback in the market where Bitcoin can grow much faster. I saw the bubble happen in June 2011, and so I'd like to think I have at least a little bit of experience. This situation is absolutely nothing like the previous bubble in 2011.
I'm inclined to think we've passed a threshold into a new phase of growth that may not be measured in dollar expansion the way it did before. The economy is growing and expanding it's value proportional to adoption and USD/BTC may not be a good measure for determining whether a speculative bubble is occurring compared to past prices since the userbase has expanded so significantly. The key to this not being a bubble IMO is the expansion of the userbase, if that were not happening in a significant way then I'd absolutely agree that the price does not reflect the adoption rate, but it's blindingly obvious a great many new people are now discovering, buying, trading and *saving* in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-17 02:07:09
Wow, and he's still updating the thread too. I remember berating him for taking such a huge risk. There were far too many people getting caught up in the hype. Fortunately the guy was sensible enough to hedge against his losses though. I hope he lives many years on the leftover profits :).
@_date: 2013-07-28 18:18:12
It's hardly bad for the renter, he can spend them immediately with no loss in value. If he was looking to buy something in Bitcoins even better, he gets immediate liquidity without needing to mess with the old fiat system.
Everyone wins :)
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:38:08
There's also a big difference between researching nuclear weapons, and then making one.
Good luck having the nuclear scientist say it was all in the name of ~SCIENCE~
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:42:37
Knowingly receiving proceeds of crime is in itself a crime, same with receiving stolen goods, so not spending the output is not going to save you. Once they know you have received tainted goods you will have to prove your innocence, as an added bonus you can't simply ignore the coins are there, the next business that you use that address with will report the abnormality immediately on you using that address (hell they'd probably even go so far as to constantly monitor their DB of clean addresses 24/7). 
This is why this whole idea of using supposedly clean addresses is a huge clusterfuck. If the system could refuse acceptance of coins to an address it would be much less of a problem but it simply doesn't work like that. The governments and institutions that use the Bitcoin system can't have full control over the movement of money like they do in the traditional banking system. This, among other reasons is why this whole concept is so ill conceived. 
Bitcoin doesn't work like government money but they still try to treat it like it still behaves like government money.
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:39:44
Maybe rather than round numbers, have one for the spot price of gold, memorable numbers like 1234, 1500, then perhaps a gif for somewhere in the the 1900s. 
I always enjoy seeing what you come up with next, makes staring at charts just a little bit more unpredictable.
Edit: also 1337 might be a cool milestone too.
@_date: 2013-12-10 15:50:13
Absolutely. NEVER invest more than you are willing to lose.
I wish this was goddamned stickied...
@_date: 2013-07-31 02:08:14
Apparently AMC is an initial offering the Active Mining Company. It's share structure and shareholder returns were very badly done and have since been replaced by Activemining shares that are far more favourable for investers, AMC shares are being phased out apparently and this transition happens today.
Activemining should have only one set of shares from now on.
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:56:54
Competition is a bitch. Bitcoin is far more volatile in value compared to USD, so you will have to float your prices according to USD for the time being, it's just a fact of life. Given the rise in Bitcoin's value it would be a no-brainer to offer a discount for sales in Bitcoin. If the value continues to rise, you obviously will gain long term, and buyers win short term. I think your biggest problem is you refuse to remain competitive in light of market forces, rather than it being a deficiency of Bitcoin.
Case in point [steamkeys]( weren't floating their price, it was 2.something for skyrim, effectively kneecapping themselves for any new adopters and of course it was uncompetitive compared to USD sales so they drove buyers to other sites. They only just recently readjusted their prices to finally look reasonable again. You need to do this dynamically, not arbitrarily like bitcoin2cdkey, otherwise you are simply pricing yourself out of the market.
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:49:13


SILENCE! Someone is offended and needs to vent! ;P
What's more this is about nitpicking a trivial throwaway comment so the other can feel some kind of validation about being logically, technically and politically correct. Be considerate of yorrick's feelings, you shameless person you!
@_date: 2013-10-23 11:39:18


Because as time marches on miners will have discretionary power to ignore transactions that don't meet their profit margins. A user can't force a miner to to do anything, as I've said in previous posts on this very subject:


TOTC is a shortening on Tragedy of the Commons. 


I've already linked this in my previous post but since you didn't read it I'll quote it for you here:










Yet again quoting from previous posts I've made already addressing this:




No, it isn't, the whole reason for the Block reward is to bootstrap the Bitcoin economy. It's single purpose is to drive early growth and get coins into the hands of those that are most likely to see them as valuable. The block reward is not intended as an infinite fountain of money like the gov/fed treat USD via inflation. The value and growth of the USD is completely hands on, while value and growth for Bitcoin is automated, and completely hands off.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:00:09
Speculation is good since it adds temporary liquidity so it has it's place. Admittedly price is loosely coupled with adoption but you're right, use as a payment system because it can transfer value quickly and easily is definitely more important. 
I'd also add that liquidity is a big one too, the faster and easier it is to move value to/from bitcoin helps smooth out volatility considerably. 
Price does matter though, for Bitcoin to enter larger markets like housing and the like, the price will have to go up, but that is rarely the main focus. The main focus is making Bitcoin more liquid, safer, and easier to use. Price, though a nice distraction, is secondary.
@_date: 2013-11-17 10:46:39
Ironically Buffet calls Berkshire Hathaway [one of his biggest mistakes]( saying he could have done things differently and had his investment in the company increase a hundred fold.
If this is what an investment "mistake" looks like, then maybe Bitcoin is what a sound investment looks like ;)
@_date: 2013-10-24 05:55:12
Tests like these are incredibly important with regards to sentiment on price. I'd much rather we have a surge, and a strong test on that price soon after before it reaches 4-5x the initial price, rather than a feedback loop driving the price up to completely unrealistic levels and then an almighty KABOOM.
Even though Bitcoin has been through two price spikes and dips, it seems yet again we have people flocking to this subreddit circlejerking over the price. At least there's a lot less fanboyism this time round, with the exception of ToTheMoonGuy.
It's like watching people punch themselves in the face. I guess boys will be boys.
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:19:50
Because [this](
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:13:12
Yeah, probably not a good idea to click that link. Might be a good idea to report it to the coinbase team.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:18:08
Quite a few people are simply trying to ride the price rise to make a profit, so they buy BTC low, and sell for USD high. Then walk out with their money and never contribute to Bitcoin in any other way. 
A sudden drop in price means they may not just lose any profit, but also lose all their money, so they drop all their bitcoins on the market so they can salvage their profits (if any). It makes profit takers think twice, and leaves only those that have real confidence in the price in the market to buy/sell.
It cuts the other way too though, there were times where people that had Bitcoins had little confidence in their value so were more than happy to drop massive amounts of coins so they could turn a quick profit (these were usually the unenlightened early adopters). Nowadays there's really no reason to panic-sell, unless you are trying to make a profit on price differences. It's amazing to think how much confidence has grown in the last year or so. There was a time when price drops of this magnitude would have been extremely damaging to confidence in Bitcoin, and would take weeks to recover, nowadays it takes usually only several hours to bounce back in such adverse market conditions.
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:20:25
To shift this to a more logical analysis I'm replacing exposing oneself on camera with playing video games, both are done for fun, video games, in certain circles is seen as not a serious career, like amateur porn, and so it has many parallels. By doing so  I'm removing the emotive "but what if your daughter, blah blah blah" reactionary responses out of your argument so it can be observed in a more objective way.
People play video games for fun, not for the money.
People that play video games for money are very rarely having fun.
Those that play video games for tournament money see it as a job, and the vast majority of us would hardly be tempted to play games for money, even tips (too competitive, not much money in it, etc.). Fun and work, rarely, if ever co-exist in harmony for long. Most will make a choice of one or the other based on need and one's existing talent. Greater anonymity is only going to appeal to some (with regard to porn), and it's not going to be much of a selling point since Bitcoin is only pseudonymous.
I think your so-called moral dilemma is a storm in a teacup. There is a minority that can play video games for fun, and as a career, or job, but most of us make a strong distinction between the two. We most often do one or the other, usually because fun activities hardly require a sophisticated skill set, whereas making money doing the same thing invariably does. These people exist, but the pool of people that enjoy video games AND are good at playing video games for profit (as in a paying job) is incredibly small. 
also, as tastycat said,


imposing your own ideas of morality is, in itself, immoral.
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:13:51
Torrents are far more centralised. Have they been eradicated? Have they even been disrupted? Filesharing is a criminal offense, has that deterred people?
Bitcoin is opensource and every node (all 200,000 of them), are all completely autonomous, if even 2 nodes were left, that would be enough to recreate the network, it's about as robust as they come.
@_date: 2013-11-15 15:18:45
Yeah, it's as if a switch was flipped and /b raided the place.
First these guys had an idea to help "cleanse" coins by maintaining a clean list of identity checked addresses for businesses that could opt-in and someone was like,
then they realised the government was probably thinking,
then everyone had it pointed out that this had been discussed several months ago and they were like,
then everyone promptly shit themselves,
thinking that Bitcoin as they knew it was over, and thats when they were REALLY like,
and they got angry, not ANGRY angry, more like whiny angry, 
then after they got worked up a bit with some mild circle jerking they got proper angry,
then they started finger pointing and finding out who was responsible so they can unleash their internet army on them,
then came the "research", and then the finger pointing,
And right now everyones like, coming to terms with everything and getting some resolve to stop the governm- sorry, small startup that isn't even in business yet, by discussing how Bitcoin will be able to circumvent pretty much this entire situation because the concept itself is very flawed and has pretty much no hope of actually impacting on the free markets because it can be circumvented in myriad ways that already exist and others that can also be undertaken down the track. Actually, many probably aren't at this stage yet, they're still at the fingerpointing and namecalling.
So right now, this is how I feel about at the moment,
tl;dr People got hysterical (probably because people were thinking this would affect many USA freedom lovers, because it would strip away their privacy against their will), Bitcoin is fine and not in danger of being rebranded by the USG, some guys got giddy over a silly idea, probably egged on by some government officials, and will probably be about as effective as the music industry's attempts to control their IP. 
Edit: typos and clarification
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:58:53
Difficulty usually follows price since the profit margins for miners means that more miners can get involved as the price goes up. Though rarely, like in the case of ASICs coming online, that news and hashing capactiy can also push the price up since it heralds additional blockchain security. 
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:27:00
No bank/financial institution required to buy over the internet. This means the developed world has the opportunity to be on par financially with all first world countries.
It also means you can be paid for work without needing a bank account, anywhere, anytime. It means that a freelance whatever in russia, could do work for someone in New Zealand, and get paid with only an internet connection. No banks, no fees, no waiting, no currency conversion (if you then bought things with Bitcoin).
Bitcoin is a HUGE financial equaliser, just like publishing was changed by the internet, but Bitcoin has the power and potential to utterly transform finance and completely change how money is handled worldwide.
@_date: 2013-03-27 11:56:26
Your caution is laudable. I have no clue about your setup, or the internal workings of bitcoin spinner, but I think the most sound advice would be to send the funds to an address you are certain you can access post phone update. Don't risk your funds being wiped. Using electrum, or opening a blockchain account, will probably be the best way to fast-track sending funds. Make sure any address you send the funds to is backed up too. I personally would not trust a third party such as an exchange account.
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:30:33
Let's not forget that nice deep liquidity ATM.  If it stays around this level for the next week or so I'll be a happy boy.
@_date: 2013-03-20 09:30:20
It was one hell of a downer though, watching Bitcoin's value plummet 90% is a cautionary tale many a new Bitcoiner should hear.
@_date: 2013-10-13 15:06:14
Not sure if it's 6000, but it is definitely in the thousands. Very early on donations were made to support the site to make sure it continued running. Not sure which mod is managing the funds, but apparently it's been hardly (if at all) touched. 
Rather piss poor. Considering the situation of bitcointalk ATM this is a perfect time to crack open a few of those coins on some proper infrastructure.
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:51:59
Yes, I am biased because I have used Bitcoin and I know it's real world benefits. I can tell you are expressing a completely uninformed opinion because it's obvious you've never once used, or even attempted to use Bitcoin in a real transaction. 
Come back when you have actually used a technology so you can give a proper, informed opinion before you bash it.
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:35:10
Nice. :)
@_date: 2013-03-12 18:17:37
I can certainly see it adding up. For one the entire coin base can be audited, movements of money and creation of money in the system is completely transparent. Markets KNOW how many coins are in the system and through their own arbitrary choice of metrics have settled on how much a Bitcoin is worth. Also more people are learning of Bitcoin, not less, and over the last four years the exposure is increasing as more people discover it and spread the word, regardless of whether the existing user base think it shouldn't be worth more, demand will inevitably drive it up anyway. More Bitcoins in more hands means less chances of huge dumps of coins by a single entity hence less likelihood the price can be easily driven back down again. 
The fed however is a black box. How much USD is currently circulating? How much new money was magicked into existence this week? I see a helluvalot more information regarding Bitcoin's economic state than I could ever see of the US economy. Free market valuation also means there's no "tinkering" by governments or agencies, just raw, supply and demand.
Bitcoin's value is determined by a free market, no government pegs the price like Iran, or Venezuela, or *shudder* Zimbabwe. People entering and leaving the market, though not perfect, is as good an indicator as any ATM for price discovery, and it's been operating on multiple exchanges to reach this consensus without collusion, or arbitrary valuation enforcement.
If you disagree with the current valuation of Bitcoin though, that's cool. So, mind parting with your coins for say $0.001 USD/BTC? :P
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:55:41
It's called quality over quantity.
Imagine if government had to be prudent with it's spending. Useless loans doomed to fail and written off would not stress the money supply by adding more debt that everyone else has to cover, people will live within their means and save for things they want to buy rather than racking up debt, heavily stressing or even ruining their lives and lives of others (I wonder how many divorces there are out there that occurred because of money and debt issues), and going bankrupt (which will also stresses the money supply).
Most importantly I think, is growth via Bitcoin can not be force fed by banks and governments, growth will emerge as need increases. All the useless shit we see today will be secondary to education, projects that provide better quality of living, and more focus on services such as health. Needing to work less to maintain a comfortable lifestyle means people will have time to innovate, create and add to society on other fruitful ways rather than working 60 hour weeks in a shit job you hate, paying for a loan you'll only pay off in your 60's if you're lucky and having absolutely no other options.
I strongly believe the current inflationary system we have today has turned society into a ruin of it's former self, all in the name of profits for corporations and revenue for governments. It's a farcical system where the poor toil most their lives and hardly get ahead, while the wealthy stay exactly where they are.
Even if the economy slowed considerably because of the nature of Bitcoin, it will still not destroy a country's economy and it would hugely advantage any individual that used it.
I simply do not buy into the current inflationary system BS.
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:04:15
Probably because its dawning on people that just holding onto their coins will increase their value in a FAR safer maner than locking it up with a dubious site of questionable motivations. I'm rather grateful Bitcoinica went belly up, same with Pirate's BCS&amp;T. They highlighted just how greedy and lazy people can be. All these people trying to make money on their money, rather than saving, and buying/selling goods/services. The Bitcoin system means users don't have to frantically accrue larger amounts in order to maintain or increase value, they just need to save.
Making money on money is a debt money aberration and shouldn't be seen as the norm or anything more than a scam, much like a ponzi. If Bitcoinica and Bitcoin has shown me anything, it's that going long (ie. saving) has tripled the value of my money over the last year, so why exactly do I need to risk my coins to a foreign party to increase the value of my coins? Short term profit? More coins? In that case theres always Satoshi dice ;)
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:13:07
We've been made fun of for years now. I am fat on both pie, and more recently money though, so really the [joke is on everyone else](
Getting it into the mainstream means it *has* to start getting parodied so I agree, I can't wait for the day when Big Bang Theory picks it up and Sheldon becomes a snobbish Bitcoin adopter who then lords it over the others how much Bitcoin goes up, only to see him several hours later panicking that he's lost it all in a flash crash and whatnot.
When that happens things will definitely start getting crazy.
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:40:46
I posted a very lay explanation, devoid of any serious jargon to explain the blockchain and how Bitcoin works in a decentralised manner. [Here it is]( I've edited it a bit for extra explanation and readability, the last paragraph is probably unnecessary but here for completeness:








@_date: 2013-03-17 15:21:58
I agree that the criteria is reasonable but, yeah, success has many shades. If it meets the conditions you outline, that is, as mughat said, a new renaissance of money. Success in my eyes is paypal, visa and mastercard has a new competitor, or even greater success, gold and Bitcoin stand side-by-side. Your criteria of it being transparent means everyone, and I mean *everyone* has to have become familiar with it and treated it like traditional moneys replacement. This is also "success" in a very broad sense, but frankly in my mind, that is not exactly success.
It is succession ;) 
Bitcoin will not have succeeded at that point, it will have gone far, far, FAR further and supplanted money as we know it.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:45:10


tldr; because society is not a hive mind, and money is the equivalent of society's singular purpose (that has unfortunately been utterly corrupted, and seized up by the ridiculously rich)
Regarding the so-called "waste" unfortunately people completely ignore this vital element of Bitcoin. It provides an unprecedented degree of unforgeable account. Yet people find ways to rubbish the work miners do as "wasteful". Funny, I never hear anyone say that the mountains of rock moved, sifted, dissolved and dumped called waste when it comes to the benefits those things yield. Instead they call it "industry".
If they really want to reduce waste maybe they should focus on larger targets like gold mining, or silver, maybe diamond mining where all they are doing is pulling up pretty rocks. No-one is whinging about the wasted energy about those things....
Bitcoin mining is a drop in the pond compared to those. At least compared to diamonds, and even precious stones, Bitcoin serves a tangible valuable social purpose.
@_date: 2013-07-01 15:20:24
cryptocoinsnews.com is the "Womans Day" of cryptocurrencies and needs to be treated as such. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 14:44:49


Not at all, we're good dude, just had to deal with an incredibly defensive user earlier so I'm just making sure I don't ruffle even more feathers (the other guy was being kind of a dick though).
:P 
@_date: 2013-10-22 10:49:31
The Chinese Yuan has also taken a big chunk of the [currency volume pie]( too. USD used to be 70-ish % now only 65%.
@_date: 2013-02-26 13:15:56


I think you are kind of right, nodes that partake in the system, regardless of that fact that all nodes are inherrently selfish since they are run by humans have a vested interest in not only the security, but also decentralisation both for miners and nodes, reducing blockchain bloat/spamming, etc. The selfishness of some nodes (like mystery miner) means the majority of other nodes may form to obstruct their behaviour. Many worry about situations where a node gets 51% of the total hashing power and starts exploiting the rules. On the opposite end of the spectrum regarding rules on blocks, mystery miner was actually an interesting case study for how a miner could misbehave but still adhere to the core rules and not present itself as a security threat. This miner was likely a botnet and mined many blocks but never included transactions, eventually the subsidy will reduce such that this is a non-issue but this does highlight that given the open rule that no transactions be included is ok, it could exploit this, and if it had become powerful enough could have noticeably slowed transaction verification by maybe 30% or more. Nodes were more or less helpless to stop it.


I've never met him in real life, but his actions, and how he has conducted himself over the years speaks volumes.


:) Was, when I came back I just didn't bother changing the name.
@_date: 2013-02-24 10:31:48
Its actually ferretinjapan, no "i", but I won't hold it against ya if you forget to correct it, its the sentiment that counts! :)
@_date: 2013-07-31 18:38:23
Well shit dude, I guess you'll just have to dump and move to a better investment. So the div is like what? 2.2% per week, y'know if you want a sure thing with high returns I heard a while back there was some savings trust run by a guy calling himself "Pirate" or something. Anyway return was 7%, totally craps on what you are holding onto now. 
2.2% *per week*, pitiful I say. /s
Edit: thanks for the correction guys, 0.5%.
@_date: 2013-05-08 19:17:23
Relative to buying Bitcoins, Is a homeloan easy to "buy"? How about opening a bank account overseas? How about aquiring foreign currency? say converting USD to the more obscure PLN?
It annoys me that many people whinge that they can't aquire Bitcoins when for the vast many it is damn near impossible. 
USD -&gt; BTC = NP, CAD -&gt; BTC = NP, EUR -&gt; BTC = NP.
AUD -&gt; BTC = Expensive CNY -&gt; BTC = Expensive.
any other currency -&gt; BTC = Fucking impossible unless you are a goddamn expert and/or are willing to put your money on the line.
Other people are bleeding to get these things, but they seem to be blind to the fact that many existing services could integrate Bitcoin in a snap.
If this situation is unsatisfactory to you then please by all means start petitioning other services to help fill these gaps. By no means should MtGox et. al. be bearing the brunt of the demand/liquidity/criticism. Channel your dissatisfaction at services that don't support it yet.
@_date: 2013-02-10 16:17:37
Absolutely nothing is guaranteed in Bitcoin, not the price, not the stability, not the security, nothing. I have heard of far too many people "investing" in Bitcoin with dollar signs in their eyes, then coming back 6 months later crying about Pirate running, Bitcoinica failing, the exchange they were using getting hacked, or their exchange account being hacked, losing their wallet to malware etc. etc. etc.
If you absolutely MUST invest, *please* never do it with more than you are willing to lose. Bitcoin is new and it is volatile and there are many, many ways to lose your coins. Be safe with the coins you have and be prudent with the amounts of coins you buy.
@_date: 2013-03-22 12:21:00
I guess we'll see you come onboard when the late majority phase of Bitcoin is entered then.
@_date: 2013-11-21 10:44:36
The Bitcoin network is actually weaker, the more centralised it becomes. Besides, they already have a digital currency, the status quo serves them nicely.
Bitcoin's biggest strength is it's freedom, and decentralised nature, to see America or any other country use a Bitcoin-like digital currency would be by it's very nature, less decentralised, and less free.
@_date: 2013-02-26 12:29:22
Interesting thoughts :). From an organisational, natural selection-esque point of view, some of these things hold out, why force the system to interact on a certain set of rules when we can loosen those restrictions, make them "soft-rules" and let the system find an equilibrium. I think the simple answer is that we can't/shouldn't be too liberal because these organisms/nodes will **CHEAT!** :). Unless you can properly weed out those that aren't genuine "players", they will inevitably find ways to game the system. Bitcoin is all about making sure nodes don't cheat, hence proof-of-work, you can't create fake CPU/GPU/ASIC cycles. This is why proof-of-work exists, because it puts everyone on a level playing field proportional to their involvement, and it scales with the infrastructure. Such simple, and fundamental computational processes are available to all and is absolutely unfakeable so that you can't cheat. I think it would have been the same with with blocksizes, but Satoshi simply didn't get around to that part. I mean, calculation of the propagation window based on CPU usage, scarcity of coins, fees, etc. shows he absolutely envisioned a scaled up system and no doubt the blocksize was meant to scale up too eventually. If we mess it up though, I'm worried someone will find a quirk, and once that happens they will exploit it, sure we can fix it now, but Satoshi was just one guy back in 2009, and I'm sure he could not see all possibilities, so he made pragmatic choices and chose safety over flexibility, delayed development, or even potentially getting it wrong (even proof-of-work was an untested concept back then), and I certainly don't blame him for that. Now though we have huge forums of users in multiple discussions working the problem, exploring the pros and cons, performing thought experiments. The real startling thing about it is no-one is getting paid (except Gavin of course ;) ), but many of us have a vested interest, either ideologically, or fiscally, in fixing the system to make it faster, more flexible, more secure, etc. Unfortunately there are those that believe the masterpiece is already made and that the prophet Satoshi has bequeathed the commandments of the Bitcoin protocol that will bring prosperity regardless of others' protests.
I guess what I'm trying to say is as long as we can absolutely confirm that nodes can't cheat, we should loosen technical restrictions if possible, we definitely have lots of smart people to discuss these solutions now. I've followed Bitcoin since mid 2010 and though I'm not an active member, I have followed Gavin's and other developers' activity a great deal (he worked closely with Satoshi too in the early days). Gavin is a cautious, levelheaded, inclusive organiser of Bitcoin so he's earned massive respect from myself and others, (even fanatics give him grudging respect ;) ), he has made protocol changes to Bitcoin (BIP17), even under heavy oppositional lobbying from other fellow developers (Luke-JR in particular) and showed himself to be a guy that acts in the interests of the Bitcoin community, rather than ideology or his own selfish views. He has a track record that has stood the test of time so many nodes/miners/members will take Gavin seriously if he says the idea is kosher, that's not to say people will follow him blindly though, expect a LOT of discussion ;)
@_date: 2013-12-07 06:21:50
A crash is when it goes down to $50, and stays there.
If you are worried about this then you obviously risked more than you were willing to lose.
@_date: 2013-07-24 03:06:02
Violates property rights in the sense that you are not in control of your money. It can be stripped from you by the shifting blockchain.
A financial census means that once someone knows you own coins, if they want to know how much money you are still in control of they can simply wait until the shifting blockchain invalidates them (thus observers know you had lost that value), or confirm you still control them. Your financial privacy is zero if you want to store coins for a long time.


I agree there would be fewer transactions, if only for the simple reason that users would be bailing enmasse from the system to another cryptocurrency that isn't quite as absurd.
Clients (full nodes) must store the full blockchains in order to confirm every transaction. Once you run a shifting blockchain, you shift the onerous work of maintaining the records of coins onto the user. Miners currently get handsomely compensated for storing as well as confirming transactions, but the proposed system means miners get a free ride and users are the ones fitting the bill for managing the storage of their coins, AND they get paid nothing in recompense. It's rearranging deckchairs at it's worst.
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:48:22
The crux of it is that mining has a very particular purpose, and that purpose does not in itself serve any other useful purpose. Other arguments are that if the calculation were useful for anything else it actually may endanger it's usefulness as a currency, eg. salt, even though it is fungible, scarce (thousands of years ago), portable (again depending on the time), divisable, durable, recognisable etc. it is also edible, great for preservation of food, etc. There could come a point where it is more useful to use for things other than value, and this alternative application makes it very bad as a store of value, because it can be consumed for other purposes.
The hashing serves one puprose, and one purpose only, this means that it can't have it's value and usefulness subverted for other purposes that would, in actual fact endanger the stability of the network. Others have also [discussed this at length]( 
@_date: 2013-05-14 21:00:36
It is also rational to buy something at 115 USD right now with the BTC I have in hand rather than try to exchange, then wait maybe days until i can actually spend my USD.
This is why emotional speculators will always be raped, regardless of how they think they will "beat the system this time". Yet somehow, even though so many get utterly violated on price, they keep on coming back for more, they truly are masochists.
@_date: 2013-09-18 07:24:15
I wholeheartedly agree. I am very much a "fuck the current financial system" guy too, but even I appreciate that drawing a line in the sand will make many fence-sitters choose the safe bet and embrace the devil they know (the current entrenched system) over a new, unknown, unproven system. Portraying extremist attitudes is a flag only certain people will flock to.
Bitcoin is well past that flag waving point now. Now we need to tone down the anti-current-system rhetoric and simply show new users how beneficial Bitcoin is for *them*. None of this higher purpose crap, 90% of the populace really don't care, what's more that 90% are much more inclined to avoid controversy also.
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:20:27


Your question, for what it is, is a fanciful reconstruction, on par with the movie Armageddon. Your narrowmindedness, even when others have made painfully clear how off base you are, makes it all the more amusing. You wanted an answer, I gave you one, then you turn around and ungratefully criticise it.
I think it is you in fact that needs some quiet contemplation time.
@_date: 2013-01-01 17:02:29
Thanks for having the patience to take my skepticism seriously. I think I'm finally understanding where you are coming from. On a simple, longest chain wins rule this might be possible. Seed the chain with a 0 transaction block, fork and race the good chain to broadcast more blocks than the good miners, good miners switch to longest bad miner fork, rinse, repeat.


I totally forgot that long forks are irrelevent when it comes to switching between chains. Your explanation was far better than sgtspike's "your wrong". Thanks kalleguld.
Was there ever talk on the bitcointalk forum regarding throwing away orphan chains after so many blocks on the fourms? I wonder if it would get the go ahead, or whether it would only be implemented if the situation reared it's ugly head. Or would something like throwing away long orphan chains even make a difference?
@_date: 2013-11-30 10:44:17
coinjar.io, and spendbitcoins.com
I've used both and both work well, but coinjar has far lower fees.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:30:12
Yeah, I already know you are a troll dude. Save it for the newbs.
Oh, sorry, you're going to use that previous statement as me trying to dismiss your lame-ass agruments? Here, let me respond then.


A response laced with ridicule, does not an argument make. I actually justified my reasoning, something OP did not do, he just decided to spew "facts". Fuck that.


Distracting with lameass stats that have no bearing on my statements fully justify the dismissal as being a special pleading fallacy. Also, once you start namecalling (the reference to me "dickwaving") you've pretty much already hit the bottom of the pyramid when it comes to [logical reasoning](


Would you like to take a bash as explaining *why* you think you're statements are true? Or are we just going to start making shit up in the hope people shutup and just take it all for granted?
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:47:16
I'm knocking Litecoin because it is inferior when compared to Bitcoin. And I have good and sound reasons to justify that position.
@_date: 2013-09-22 03:57:14
Far better to associate it with porn, and a completely *legal* industry at that (and TBH metart is very tasteful porn too), than it being constantly stigmatised as being a vehicle for drugs and *illegal* porn.
I would much rather sing Bitcoin's praises as helping to facilitate, legal, tasteful distribution of erotica than having to constantly defend Bitcoin when it could be used for nefarious purposes.
@_date: 2013-02-24 14:33:02
Oh absolutely, I agree completely, this was regarding the ability for customers to have zero-trust verification of their funds, but without ever needing to download dozens of gigabytes in the future. I should have pointed out this was not a replacement but more like an overlay, sister blockchain of sorts.
Very exciting stuff.
@_date: 2013-11-30 15:26:47
I know other merchants have offered discounts with the expectation the price will rise but it is no guarantee, if you hold for more than a year then there's a solid chance you will make profit on the sale if you initially sell at a loss or break even, but again, no guarantee.
@_date: 2013-12-05 07:01:59
I just tried to make a buy order (essentially requesting a quote, without finalising) for $20 at coinjar.io and accepted the buy order with no issues.
@_date: 2013-03-19 11:47:19
On ya for getting your feet wet! Yes it can be daunting but once you get familiar with it but it should become easier the more you use it. Try using a wallet on Blockchain.info, they're fairly straightforward and have numerous options to ensure your coins remain safe. 
If you are buying any large amounts of coins though, get to researching offline wallets. Armory is the best/safest program to handle large numbers of coins I feel.
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:59:48
I agree that the person that said that is an ass and pretty heartless... BUT, as distasteful as it may be, there is a small nugget of truth to it. The existing system and society has made these horrible circumstances, so in many ways it is farcical to use that same system to try and fix them since the underlying problem will simply be exacerbated yet again by that same unchanging system.
Zizek characterises it [rather brilliantly]( "It is horrible to see a life ruined because of an operation that costs $20, [but] if you just operate [on the] child then they live a little bit longer but in the same situation that produced them". He doesn't advocate heartlessness, he also wants to see these ills eradicated, but he refuses to believe that the ills of the world will be fixed by the rich, powerful, or even well off constantly resorting to charity to help the poor. He believes the system has to change, that being the financial system, politics, society, etc. For many it is a controversial opinion but I agree, endless charity will not fix the world's ills, it just takes some of the sting out of it for a little while and in almost all circumstances actually deepens the dependence on charity. Getting people back on their feet quickly but not resorting to constant charity is key.
It is one of the key reasons why I believe in Bitcoin so much. I think Bitcoin is transformational, not in the sense that it can get money to people who need it most but in the sense that it's economic foundation is far more advantageous to the poorer of the world, such that it can transform and empower their lives so they can live without the need for constant charity from the rich.
The old adage, give a man a fish and he will not be hungry today, teach a man to fish and he can feed himself for the rest of his life can be compared to Bitcoin in many ways. It enables every person to be part of the financial world on the same level as everyone else. Bitcoin puts financial power back into the hands of every individual so that they can have control over their own lives again. They can work, get paid, and buy things they need using Bitcoin without ever having to ask the government if that's ok. It sidesteps the banking system and the governmental red tape, what's more everyone is encouraged to save, rather than get into debt. I can't imagine how many families have been shattered, lives ruined and drug addicts, and alcoholics made simply from debt alone. Bitcoin IMO will fix many, many lives simply because it won't be the catalyst for ruining lives in the first place.
It is a HUGE equaliser for the disadvantaged, such that they far less disadvantaged than they were before.
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:50:56
I'd believe that, except for the fact that all the volume and activity is happening on Mt Gox atm.
Mt Gox is a frenzy of activity compared to the other three. It smells more of manipulators trying to capitalise on the naive to cause panic selling than anything else.
@_date: 2013-09-12 11:28:27
Yes, one example is [1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSendf59kuE]( **DO NOT SEND BITCOINS TO THIS ADDRESS**. It was created to prove that a valid public key could be generated without knowing what the private key was. Ugh, to think people *actually* sent bitcoins to this address...
@_date: 2013-05-17 14:39:19
So, you found your protests against raising the block size limit in the Bitcointalk forums being drowned out because everyone there, after *lengthy* discussion against raising the limit, realised most of the arguments were unfounded, so you decided to ramp up the rhetoric to the next level by appealing to the less informed and more easily led general public with a slick video espousing your position. I read *many* of the max blockchain size threads and the *consensus* was the majority of the devs had developed a feasible approach that was pleasing to the majority there.
If you really wanted to be taken seriously, it would have been in the bitcointalk forums, now you're trying to leverage your argument with nothing but fear to drum up resistance to what the devs are planning.
I bet you even posted this video to as many media outlets, blogs, journalists etc. as possible too, cos, you know, gotta inform everyone about the *bad* devs destroying Bitcoin before your very eyes.
@_date: 2013-01-01 02:48:09
This is a bit of a fallacy. 51% does not equate to complete control. All that would really do is slow transaction verification to 20 minutes and some coins owned by the malicious entity(ies) could double spend in that 10 minute window (a temporary double spend at that), to overcome those double spend attempts, all you'd need to do is wait a *tiny* bit longer.
@_date: 2013-08-01 07:19:47
Do your due dilligence and don't get too greedy is what I'd suggest. From what I can see, none of these businesses can guarantee a return and the way these share prices are moving it's tantamount to gambling IMO. However if you can sleep at night with the (likely strong) likelihood you will lose it all, I'd go for Asicminer and Activemining (I'm biased though).
Activeminer seems to be very organised and is showing signs they are well on their way to producing 28nm chips, but another group calling themselves hashfast are also claiming to be in the same boat, ASICMINER has made absolutely no mention of any plans for more efficient chips so it's anyone's guess if these new groups will be racing each other, or whether Asicminer is already well ahead with plans to pip them at the post, it really is anyone's guess.
Just remember these startups are all high risk (including Asicminer), some may not even be legit and be a scam, it is still the wild west and there is absolutely no guarantee of a return.
Edit: a letter.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:58:50
Yep, about as sane as walking back into the jail after you have served your sentence.
@_date: 2013-04-04 16:23:37


6.5 times the current price. And you used all these rational explanations to get that number. Dude, you're scaring me, my brain says no but my my heart says tell me more. :)
There is no guarantee they will play out the same way but it is a pretty sweet comparison. I hope it rises more slowly than you predict though, simply for sanity's sake but I guess we'll see.
@_date: 2013-02-03 02:46:51
I'd strongly disagree. I care hugely about my coins not being stolen. Non-techie, everyday users also don't want their coins stolen. I want ironclad safety. Offline transactions is currently the best approach to doing so. Understanding how a transaction is created offline compared to online is hardly a difficult concept.
Many people do operate Bitcoin under the illusion of safety and are largely ignorant of just how easily an attacker can sniff out private keys, or how a misstep can make them easy pickings for a thief. There are no do overs, you don't get to go "oh shit someone just hacked me, I'll just call someone and rollback those last transactions that drained my savings". Educating users of the risks, rather than dumbing down GUIs, or hiding the risks under a thin veil of reassurance it will never happen to you is simply taking new users for a ride at their own expense.
@_date: 2013-03-28 17:30:56
It's not so much the number of coins, it's the confidence in Bitcoin as a store of value that is really important. And besides, unless you are a whale (with 5,000+ coins) you can use the Bitcoin network as an intermediate value transfer network with very little risk. For many the market cap is only important if 1. you want to get rich on Bitcoins (lame), or 2. want to see Bitcoin grow to have involvement in much larger markets (a virtuous endeavour). We have in the past had days on Mt Gox where 250k coins have changed hands and the price moved no more than a dollar. It is all about trust and confidence that the coins being bought/sold are worth what they are now.
And yes, there are some addresses that hold very large numbers of coins, but it begs the question, if they still hold such large amounts they still have confidence in Bitcoin as a store of value and they have a vested interest to prop up that value by adding to the confidence in Bitcoin rather than cutting and running, since there is no guarantee that bailing at an exchange will preserve their value long enough and may very well (as it has shown in the past) simply hand those coins to others at a very big discount. 
Any way I look at it most large holders are far more inclined to prop up the value of their coins rather than tear it down. Most attempts to do the latter has usually proven fruitless as history has shown.
@_date: 2013-12-01 08:48:43
Is there a critical flaw in the Bitcoin protocol? 
Is there a liquidity danger, IOW exchanges failing, governments seriously cracking down, hackers DDOSing, stealing and making everyone's lives difficult? 
If you answered yes to either of these then there might be sustained selling, otherwise, this is just the market being itself. 
Considering the sustained buying, I think it's unreasonable to not expect at least *some* concerted selling. It's happened before, this is why you should never risk what you aren't willing to lose, otherwise people get emotional about their money and make irrational decisions.
@_date: 2013-03-07 14:39:55
I remember seeing only the financial side is moving to the US, all trades will still be conducted at Mt Gox.
@_date: 2013-11-17 07:08:21
Used Armory for almost 2 years, and it is, bar none, *the* most secure wallet you can find, and likely will find in a long time. Electrum, imo is close in second place, but if you really want 99.999% security, Armory with it's offline transaction ability is king.
The only drawback (if you can call it that) is that it still requires you to have a running and up to date full node (Bitcoin-qt) running, and currently, it is still somewhat slow and ram hungry, though many improvements have been made on this and will be officially released soon. I've tested the next release and it is a very big improvement on the current version.
Armory is very powerful, and contrary to the effort to setup, is very intuitive to use. Electrum, IMO is almost too simplistic for my tastes, but it is fast to setup and it's simple interface means it is a no frills wallet that some desire.
@_date: 2013-11-08 16:07:22
Funny how he seeks out one sentence vitriol for his honestly biased and insultingly toned "news article", yet refuses to even hint that some others crafted well written and reasoned rebuttals of every single statement he made, backed up with quite decent research to at least back up their statements.
Here's the article I'm referring to: [Response to Joe Weisenthal’s (Business Insider) “Bitcoin is a Joke” article]( Unless he actually has anything useful to say, I think this Joe guy should sit this one out.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:26:21
From what I could see, it was a damn frenzy on Mt Gox.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:47:33
It's pretty predictable really, when skittish animals spook, they stampede.
Also keep in mind we have a huge influx of new subscribers here now, we are literally up 37% compared to [3 months ago](
That there is a whole lot of people that have likely never witnessed Bitcoin bounce like a ping-pong ball. Nor are they familiar with the shit that clogs up this subreddit when the price movements get interesting.
What I wouldn't give to see some horizontal price movements for a little while...
@_date: 2013-02-03 13:06:29
Hooking in Armory to Electrum's server as an option is actually a pretty good stopgap, and leverages both projects' benefits. I'm gonna do some digging on this....
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:42:18
It seems to be a yes.
@_date: 2013-02-10 03:56:04
Had a quick look at the numbers, compared to the jun-jul runup and fall the runup from ~1 to 30 took around 2 months. That was an increase of of a factor of 30 and the situation in that case was I think special, the Bitcoin community had an untempered enthusiasm for the price, payment methods had extreme bottlenecks that only became unleashed as Mt Gox accepted Dwolla as a payment processor, the price had never been tested at the levels around $30, etc.
This recent increase is being speculated as a bubble but compared to jun-jul 2011 it is quite different. Over the period of a month the price has increased by a factor 1.89 (from $12.50 to $23.70) rather than a factor of 30 in 2011 and this has occurred over a month compared to 2011 where it surged over 2 months. We've also had two reasonable corrections over this one month period so it hasn't been all up.
Just food for thought. My personal take is that the price will need a more longer lasting correction soon or at least a levelling off for a while.
@_date: 2013-04-07 04:14:42
It is when you copy, paste. 
PPcoin, Namecoin, Ripple, these are legitimately different, interesting ,and are not trying to ride the coat-tails of Bitcoin's success. 
Litecoin is a cheap imitation, and a badly thought out one at that.
@_date: 2013-01-03 00:04:04
I actually DO get it, it's just in the other part of the thread where kalleguld took the time to clarify how this attack could work. He also didn't treat me like some simpleton.
And I thanked him for his parience and dilligence in pointing out how this attack worked. 


^ that kind of attitude will always stonewall your argument, you need to fix that. As kalleguld said 


@_date: 2013-02-02 17:23:36
That would only put me at ease if it did it by default.
So, does it?
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:29:08
This belongs in . 
@_date: 2013-03-20 15:58:07
Goddamn Bitcoin hipsters, the minute it becomes mainstream they start complaining ;)
@_date: 2013-10-28 04:16:51
Once the account is confirmed (takes a day or so since they send a tiny deposit to your account with a code you have to then use to confirm on the website), from completion of transfer of Bitcoins to money in your account, the few times I've done it took a day, to a day and a half. I've only sold at most 3 bitcoins at a time, and each transaction has been very smooth.
@_date: 2013-02-25 18:54:02
Damn! They're onto us fellas! Everyone! There's no time to lose! Jump onto tor! Preserve what gigahashes you can while there's still time!
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:58:35
I agree, green and marker doesn't really convey any intuitive meaning.
"Identified Owner Address" 
"Trusted Peer Address"
"Neighbour Address"
"Nonrepudiated Address"
"Distinguished Address"
"Vouched-for Addresses"
"Corroborated Addresses"
Any of these fit better?
@_date: 2013-04-03 13:40:39
I can intermittently log in to mtgox and their ticker is unchanging, my money says they're suffering a DDOS.
@_date: 2013-10-30 10:18:42
Mining is now a specialised activity. The ATM is more a glorified vending machine. It has accounts with exchanges to buy coins on behalf of the person using the machine and they add a small fee for the service. No mining occurs.
@_date: 2013-04-04 13:00:18
Agreed, competition is a good thing. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:07:27
Thankyou, that makes a lot more sense. :)
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:30:17
Totally understand. Just trying to find the good in the bad :). It's a business, and more is more to them, regardless of how they get it. Bitcoin is not, and never should be considered a free ride by any organisation/business/government, or individual.
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:11:16
I'd only give that advice if it were solicited, and then I've preface that with a heavily emphasized, "this could all go to zero tomorrow" talk. As well as pointedly reminding them to only risk what they can afford to lose. You wouldn't want to turn friends into enemies.
Bitcoin is extremely high risk, so it really does need to be pointed out to them.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:28:56
I think he means dangerous in the context of "ignore at your own peril".
IOW the good kind :).
@_date: 2013-07-28 16:20:06


Ah the fresh condescension of a troll with a superiority complex just rearing for several hours of wasting other people's time. 
Might be time to put the bottle away and get some sleep.
You're drunk (or stupid, but I'm trying to give at least one out before you make a complete fool of yourself).
@_date: 2013-11-07 04:55:57
I disagree, because a rise in price can actually be the result of two factors, one being speculation which every man and his dog wants to hand-wave over, and the other being actual tangible growth.
I believe Bitcoin's economy has finally consolidated enough infrastructure via growth to sustain the price at current levels, and as a result of this positive outlook people feel more confident about use of Bitcoin. This can be backed up by the fact that Mt Gox, being pretty much the only player in April/May you could buy/sell bitcoins now no longer being the primary player. We now have four very solid exchanges, all operating in different countries no less. Less points of failure means the liquidity of Bitcoin/USD transactions are more reliable.
This increase on it's own is demand because Bitcoin use is becoming more streamlined, reliable and because people have far more options to buy/sell bitcoins, not simply because of apple-like fanboyism and cheerleading. 
@_date: 2013-07-30 07:31:56
I've been looking up Activemining recently so maybe I can offer a speculative explanation.
Firstly is the CEO Kenneth, though he made an initial mess of offering shares, he has taken feedback very seriously it seems and restructured shares, obligations to shareholders etc. in a very clearcut, and professional manner. It is heavily modelled on ASICMINER's offering but is much more planned out with a lot of [attention to details]( He's also released a significant amount of identifying information, meaning he can't simply up and disappear. A lot of thought has been put into reducing interference from the SEC for example, but they also make clear they are doing their utmost to work within the regulatory framework.
Regarding the manufacture of chips, they have been consulting with a company called eASIC.com and have a plan outlined to produce an already designed and simulated chip utilising 28nm fab processes. As far as I know, thats as small as current ASIC manufacturing goes ATM so they are looking to make an extremely competitive and optimised chip. They've also set out a timeline for when they will be ready to deploy these devices.
In the meantime they are bringing online orders of chips from Avalon and have outlined that they will not simply depend on their own chips and will acquire any other hash power in the leadup to deploying their own chips.
I personally think it is very ambitious and any small snag could cause this to fall to pieces, but they have been open about their plans, their means and who they are. Compared to ASICMINER, Activemining shows a great deal more transparency, but ASICMINER doesn't really need to be transparent nowadays since the results speak for themselves. Activemining doesn't have this luxury so to obtain capital they've had to reassure investors by putting a number of their cards on the table. This openness builds trust with investors and though I personally still have a ton of reservations, it's probably good enough for some that they feel comfortable dropping a few hundred dollars on them, if nothing else than to hedge.
Selfmining with their own chips also means that, unlike BFL where they are still struggling to deliver, but have all the customer's profits from preorders, Activeminer is sharing the success and risk with investors, compared to buying a preorder ASIC or handling/maintining miner hardware themselves, investors can simply buy a share in the company and sit back (and pray their mining by proxy investment pays of like ASICMINER did). They've also announced they are nearing finalisation of the Non-recurring engineering (NRE) cost. Once that goes through and is fully confirmed, I think Activemining has as much legitimacy as BFL and Avalon. The only difference being no public investment was possible with the previous two companies, so those looking to invest are eager for a startup of this nature, esp. if they feel they got left behind as others rode ASICMINER's success, Activemining is a second chance for those ~~greedy~~ I mean keen to maximise on another startup's success. 
This is ALL speculation on my part (so don't take me too seriously), and only based on the things I've read on Bitcointalk, the Bitfunder and BTCT-co but if Activemining does indeed have their ducks in a row and can keep on schedule, they *could* become a very serious competitor to ASICMINER.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:51:52
One of my biggest fears is dying and not being able to pass on my coins. Ironically I'm more concerned with my coins becoming lost than anything else. It's not much but I'm sure my family would disown me (gotta appreciate the irony there too) if I didn't at least pass on what I have to whoever. I am almost done now with wills, encryption, secret keys, etc., I think once I've put all the mechanisms in place I'll become at least a little less obsessed with every price movement, and maybe finally get some study done. Knowing a lawyer has that info does mean I have a little less absolute control, but it is also gonna be a huge weight off my back regarding the security of my hopefully future riches ;), and even if I don't get to enjoy them, someone else I've selected will.
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:09:12
Theres a post in bitcointalk where Satoshi himself explains why 2,099,999,997,690,000 atomic units.
Essentially, it came down to an educated guess. Even Satoshi himself had no idea how big this would get so he made the total large enough that it could be divisible to compete with the precision of existing currencies. Outside of that he was probably more interested in the more functional incentricities rather than the cap, since the code he used never had to worry about round numbers or anything like that. I think he used a uint64 with the decimal 8 decimals to more than anything lower user's psychological barrier to entry. 
You have to rationalise that Satoshi did plan for huge growth (just look at the difficulty max possible), it was more a matter of where he put the decimal. 21,000,000 is something most users can process even in a small economy. If it took off the precision would kick in so that the system had lots of room to expand. I frankly think 21 mil was simply a psychological number to help early adopters suspend disbelief ;)
Since I haven’t read the code I don't know what functional limitation Satoshi had to deal with but chatter I've heard among devs indicate 21mil really was an arbitrary number that also fit nicely with other requirements of the system.
@_date: 2013-02-25 07:55:16
I think it's even a stretch to class it as a commodity OR a currency. It has properties of gold that traditional currency doesn't have, and it has characteristics of fiat currency that gold doesn't have. Further blurring the lines, it has properties that neither gold nor fiat have  :/
Bitcoin is one hell of a dark horse.
@_date: 2013-03-27 04:44:24


I'm inclined to spend my coins on things I need, but being the global currency Bitcoin is and the support it has in my country, I have no choice but to save until I find something I actually want to buy in Bitcoin. It might surprise you to know that Bitcoin is not a universally supported currency that can be used to buy everything and anything. Yet.
Did you know there is a [Big Mac index for USD]( 


I guess the Big Mac index is a throw in your face figure for the decline of the USD over the years?


He didn't, he called it generating. It stretches your post's credibility if you can't even relay correct facts on such simple things as this.


Actually I think it's kinda cute. Also 2 years is an old player?? :|
@_date: 2013-11-28 13:09:41
Funny, we can use milli and micro with every other measurement of volume, distance, math etc. but start trying to use it to represent a fraction of a Bitcoin and suddenly everyone shits themselves. 
We shouldn't need to dumb down such things, rather we should be getting it regularly used in everyday Bitcoin parlance so the distinction is cemented among regular users, and there is no harm in breaking it down to more distinguishable sounds either like millies and mikes. 
If two people can't get that across then what's wrong with just communicating fractions of a bitcoin as usual?
If you ask me "bits" is the confusing term. Even educated people have no frame of reference and have to learn from scratch what a "bit" is.
If bits is the best on offer we may as well just term everything in satoshis and be done with it.
@_date: 2013-01-31 06:23:55
The price barely had time to rest at USD $19.50, then storms off toward USD$20.00 . What's  more, MtGox asks are shrinking rapidly. I just hope this new breakout doesn't burn itself out. I think the reality of the legit ASIC devices is gonna put a stranglehold on suply for a while too since **the proportion of funds will move to ASIC users in the short term until ASICs are more widely distributed among the mining community**.
Supply is going to dwindle in the next month or so, brace yourselves.
Edit: Emphasis because I may have been unclear, I mean supply dwindling in the short term only.
@_date: 2013-04-12 10:43:33
Unfortunately a large number of journalists have done very little background on Bitcoin as a technology, (almost a carbon copy of 2011 actually, just more mainstream), and usually go for the most newsworthy item that sticks out, that being the price, not growth, adoption, the network's resilience, etc. For most it takes weeks to really understand the ins and outs of Bitcoin before it really clicks and people begin to "get it", so journalists just focus on what gets the most attention. Sad but true.
I don't necessarily see a massive drop as a bad thing. Hopefully the opportunists, just like last time, get scared off while 10-20% stick around after whetting their appetite. These new users will add to the continually expanding base of real Bitcoin users that get it and some of those will have the guts to adopt it as a currency, use it as a currency, build tools around the currency etc.
I've been around for nearly 3 years now and seen how Bitcoin has evolved over time. June 2011 taught me that far from a bubble being a disaster, it usually generates huge interest in that time, and actually spurred many innovations we are very familiar with now but were nonexistent back then, such as the concept of Bitpay, Bitcoin onsellers such as Bitinstant, lite wallets that run on smartphones like the Blockchain.info app. These things only rised from the minibubble and the publicity it got (I might note also that the publicity was actually far harsher back then too!). And I am certain this price runup, along with the free publicity will draw more people to this fantastic technology. Bitcoin's excellent design, impenetrable security, and amazing potential will (and has) drawn in more people than it will drive away without a doubt. I've already seen that happen. 
I forsee many big leaps in the coming months regarding Bitcoin developments, people have just been given a taste of Bitcoin's potential and no doubt they will want another taste, and I personally think the price may recover far faster than June2011 too, the userbase is undeniably expanding, even in light of these unfortunate situations.
Bitcoin really is IMO antifragile.
@_date: 2013-08-24 03:55:33
IMO you did good, real good. You obviously didn't stoop down to their level like a number of people here would. Name calling and open hostility is just their way of getting a rise out of the other person so they can confirm their own preconceived biases. It seems very few of the people that were negative towards you in the thread ever had any intention of actually listening, but I'd say you soundly rejected their points in most cases.
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:14:42
Depends, if there are in actual fact lots of new people wanting to get some bitcoins then the price rise is actually spot on. With the (admittedly scant) evidence of bitcoin days destroyed stats, the price rise may be on par.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:24:06
AFAICT Bitcoin can still be traded. If they said it was forbidden full stop I'd get nervous about it, but even in a worst case scenario, the bottom line is the usage of Bitcoin in China is tiny so even a ban would do little to disrupt the existing structure, though it would definitely put a dampener on adoption there.
China is interesting. It is probably one of the most oppressive, yet financially robust economies in the world. Obviously even a tiny degree of adoption will hugely benefit Bitcoin so the fact that it hasn't been banned outright, even though the restrictions on the face of it are severe, it still means Bitcoin can be used without fear of legal reprisal. That I think is important. The fact that they even entertain the notion of allowing their citizens to trade Bitcoins is rather surprising. Now admittedly they may change their mind later, but I doubt they will, their statements are obviously very thoroughly thought out, and in no way was a flippant "let them eat cake" consideration.
The current frenzy is frankly absurd. It's like back when people and media in America panicked about radiation leaking from fukushima and reaching their coastlines. Hyperbolic nonsense. Sure, China had a few months where their volume was significantly higher, but when stretched out over 6 months, [BTCChina's volume only amounts to 23% of the total volume over that period]( 
When put in perspective, China's contribution over the longer term so far is small, and yes, Chinese authorities have made themselves unambiguously clear, but it's also clear China's great firewall is not being used to filter transactions, nor are exchanges being raided and shutdown, nor are mining operations like ASIC miner being ordered to switch off their machines. China is obviously not going to let the existing financial industry rush in, but they're also not pouring cold water on anything related to Bitcoin.
People seem to conveniently ignore these facts, and they also seem to be infatuated with the idea that China is the only thing propping up the price, which is just patently absurd.
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:49:52
It does seem confusing, it took me quite a while to wrap my head around it too. This is why some people think we should compare Bitcoin's increase in value to Gold rather than USD, since Gold's inflation is rather predictable and stable compared to the USD.
@_date: 2013-09-22 08:07:24
I think part of the "problem" as it were, is simply because there is still a huge learning curve to using and understanding (in addition to the huge amount of FUD one needs to wade through too) and this still means that urbanised, selfproclaimed, geeks or techies are the ones that flock to Bitcoin first.
Programmers, engineers, computer scientists, even entrepreneurs to a lesser extent etc. are all very much dominated by the white, middle-aged male demographic. This shouldn't really come as much of a surprise.
To fix this, the learning curve needs to be flattened, and this is very slowly beginning to happen. Luckily the earlies are very well equipped to help make that happen so usability should gradually quicken over time.
So, in a nutshell, if we want Bitcoin to become less gender biased and international, we need to make Bitcoin easier to use. Simple as that really. :)
@_date: 2013-03-24 17:29:16
Or you could wait for the GPU users to get disillusioned when ASICS kick in in earnest and they want to start up their own "GPU friendly" crypto-currency, since I'm sure there will be a minority that will bitch that ASICs have ruined Bitcoin for them and made mining unfair for all the little guys.
(I kid you not this is exactly what the guys that started litecoin thought when CPU mining became unprofitable for them)
@_date: 2013-01-29 12:52:35
I agree that we should be somewhat prepared and it shouldn't be dismissed as impossible, but I liken the situation to those that quibble over the "lost coins problem" or the number decimals, yet couldn't care less about miner decentralisation. Miner decentralisation is one of my number 1 concerns. With all the panic over ASICs and theoretical 51% attacks by Governments they COMPLETELY ignore the problems on our doorstep *right now*. Hell, at one point Deepbit **had single control of more than 51% of the Bitcoin network**, and that same situation could possibly happen again. Yet I don't see people panicing about aggregation of miners to mining create super pools, noone seems to care a whit about that these days (and they REALLY should be caring since it still could become a problem). It seems to me that conspiracy theories are more fun to discuss and have hysterical fits over than actual real looming and present problems in Bitcoinland. 
Governments hijacking a cryptocurrency with hundreds of millions (or billions) of USD of specialist ASIC equipment *may* be a problem in several years (more likely a decade or more from now). Todays ongoing problem is miner decentralisation, plus the slew of other problems such as network scalability, blockchain bloat, dust spamming, DDos attack vectors, whether the block limit should be raised, potential undiscovered bugs in the protocol, maintinaing high enough numbers of full nodes to keep blockchain updates robust, etc. All of these things are FAR more likely to bring Bitcoin to it's knees than the continually parroted government sponsored 51% attack. 
I'm not saying that possible 51% attacks should be ignored, but seriously, lets get our priorities straight.
@_date: 2013-03-20 08:48:54
I think it's fair to say that very few people these days doubt the security and usefulness of Bitcoin as a currency. The field of speculators is beginning to shrink the user base is beginning to expand.
This is the time when Bitcoin shifts gear from toy, to tool.
I think it's a bad assumption to assume everyone is simply sitting, truth be told the exchange only measures movement of wealth into/out of Bitcoin, it doesn't measure usage within the Bitcoin economy. Without scrutinising this it is impossible to know how energetic the Bitcoin economy is, or whether Money entering the system is being saved.
@_date: 2013-10-29 01:23:12
Ah reality4you there you are, I knew you couldn't stay away forever.
@_date: 2013-09-29 18:17:35
Hmmmm, bit of a challenge since it was a long while ago, but RES is here to save the day. I have petertodd specifically tagged as the user "retep" on the bitcointalk forums. Doing a search for him will absolutely yield more results. He was the lead guy that ran funding for the "anti-raising-the-block-size-limit" video. 
I hope that helps. If not let me know, and I'll see what more I can do.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:40:55
In the notice, Bitcoin is not considered money but instead a virtual currency, so an exchange can't really be considered a financial institution, so I'm guessing BTCChina et al. are all in the clear to do what they are doing. But they will, like exchanges in other places, need to submit to anti-money laundering laws etc.
At least that's the gist I got from it.
@_date: 2013-01-10 08:56:53
I get a particular degree of smug satisfaction when I think of the guy(s) that sold at $15 in Aug and how it rubberbanded so quickly after the MASSIVE sell. My feeling is they were definitely leveraging the price to orchestrate a plummet. Now they almost certainly can't buy in at the same level when they sold. From weaker hands to strong.
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:19:21
Yep, you don't tell everyone the cake is delicious when you want an extra slice ;) 
That said, I'm inclined to *not* convince OP to buy simply because the demand is so high currently. The high rise can very well be a bubble, and I'm not inclined to tell op to buy because it may end badly, or it may simply exacerbate the situation. But even with that said, I still really want more people to use Bitcoins.
It's quite the conundrum...
@_date: 2013-07-04 14:30:52
Small flaw in that scenario. Theoretical investor could sell any day in the last 2 weeks, it simply was the case that withdrawals were temporarily suspended. Now Mt Gox, being the exchange it is, was 100% likely to setup a new bank account, we all knew that was going to happen. There was absolutely nothing stopping people from selling over the week, and withdrawal limits mean't they wouldn't have gotten their money out of Gox very quickly either. 
@_date: 2013-07-26 13:03:47
Politics is what got fiat money into trouble in the first place. :/
Besides, the Bitcoin network is international in nature, it is not an American creation, nor is it engineered by Germans, nor is it a tool developed as a direct assault on any political party, country, or to explicitly facillitate crime.
Bitcoin supercedes political wrangling for the simple fact that no political faction can ever direct it's intent. Bitcoin answers to the global village, it only obeys consensus.
It does not favour the ideas of any race, religion, government, terrorist, criminal, politician, corporation, any one person, or group of persons.
People that want to use Bitcoin for their own political ends should feel welcome to do so though. Mods of respective political reddits should be petitioned to add Bitcoin the the sidebar of etc. It definitely should have a place there if a political group feels that it empowers their cause. Political groups should never feel dissuaded from embracing Bitcoin as a tool to further their political ends, but it really shouldn't be job, because the Bitcoin network doesn't represent, or act in the interests of any political group.
To say that was spawned to serve any political faction polarises people's opinion of Bitcoin's true purpose (that actually being enabling people's monetary freedom), bhefore they even get a chance to understand what Bitcoin is all about, and it will drive away those that may have been curious about Bitcoin but were driven away early because some group decided to stamp their pet ideology all over it.
Bitcoin's related reddits in the sidebar should be focused on markets related to Bitcoin, economics related to Bitcoin, and any other subreddit that specifically has Bitcoin as a focus. IOW get rid of all the non-bitcoin subreddits from the side bar, maybe with the only exception being other Bitcoin-like cryptocurrencies.
Edit: FYI AND both link to in their sidebars, this is exactly what I was talking about, political groups should endorse from the outside, not from within. The message will get to libertarians and anarchocapitalists about Bitcoin, no problem there, there really is absolutely no reason to link them in sidebar, unless the mods really want to pitch bitcoin as being politically biased.
@_date: 2013-03-29 12:21:29
Report this to the police. You have a timestamping network with a private key that only you control that cements a transaction in a very small timeframe. You can absolutely claim that a transaction took place at a point in time that that you have had digital communications with said person. 
Report it.
In the future, to make it even more safe for yourself, get the seller to sign a message with their details (essentially an invoice of what is being sold, to who, using their real identity, and how much) using the private key you are planning to send funds to, that way it impossible to refute reciept of the transaction.
Don't let this scumbag get away with this. Report him to the police, that was your money he stole, and regardless of the fact that it is Bitcoins, and asset is an asset and this is theft, or at the very least fraud.
@_date: 2013-10-31 11:39:43
Not to be a dick but I think a lot of what OP said is actually bad advice. At least from my perspective.
Paper wallets, AKA printing out and storing the private key is a horrible idea for new users, it could very easily result in the user losing all their change if they don't know what they are doing the first time they spend their balance. If any form of paper wallet is used, print out a copy of the seed for a deterministic wallet, like what Armory or electrum uses, not like what bitaddress.org et al. uses. Deterministic wallets are *far* safer and easier to restore than individual private keys. It also makes sure your transactions are more anonymous and private. 
If new users go the paper wallet route, never use a paper wallet that backs up a single private key (this is for experienced users that know what they are doing), use a backup of a deterministic wallet. Also make multiple backups and test them!
Online web wallets are also a disastrous idea for new users, it throws the gates wide open for all manner of trojans, keyloggers etc. to steal their funds. A new user in many instances also can't access their private keys and their funds are subject to the whims of the service provider. Unless they're only playing with a few dollars new users should steer clear. 
The only decent alternatives are blockchain.info, the only decent web wallet (if you absolutely *must* use a web wallet) that allows you to backup your keys (encrypted and even emailed to you in one click), has 2fa, yubikey, and a separate password to accessing and spending your funds. Or lighter clients like multibit, electrum, or even the good old-fashinoed Bitcoin-qt for those patient enough.
For those that want rock solid security and control, I recommend Armory, even though it is "advanced" it is incredibly intuitive and easy to use, as well as *the* most secure way to store and send bitcoins. it takes some time to learn and setup but it is absolutely worth it, esp. for large amounts of money.
Forget using any service that doesn't use either a yubikey, or 2FA, NEVER trust a service with your coins unless it has at *least* 2FA implemented. Also NEVER store your money on a website or exchange for long periods, you are asking to get screwed if you do.
FYI, I have handled bitcoins for the last 2 and a 1/2 years and I have never lost any coins, never had any stolen, and never had an account hacked. Unfortunately there are hundreds of people who have compromised security for convenience and have been burned, sometimes very, very badly. Never depend on luck or hope to keep your Bitcoins safe.
When you use bitcoin you are choosing to wear grown-up pants, there's literally no-one to fix things and make it all better if you fuck up so always err on the side of security over convenience. You'll be glad you did.
@_date: 2013-02-22 20:02:31
Indeed, and, wow, thanks immensely, I'll be sure to push it forward.
@_date: 2013-11-07 11:54:15
This is not on a normal day. Normal days are filled with informative news stories, helping newbies and merchants, announcements of new merchants accepting Bitcoins, new services popping up, new software being rolled out, etc.
This, today, is when 13 year olds and 4channers from /b (as well as those greedy to "get rich on bitcoin") get a whiff of the possibility of the price rising and converge en mass to this subreddit to gloat, point and laugh or try and "get in" at the last minute.
ATM it's not as bad as last april, but give it a few days if the price keeps going up, it'll turn into a nice little circlejerk. Unfortunately in these cases the media helps exacerbate the issue with largely misinformed or biased reporting which seems to fuel everyone's urge to buy, which then turns into more news, thus repeating the cycle.
Give it a few days once the price stops surging and things should become more normal, that is unless people *still* haven't learned their lesson and continue to buy because of the stupid idea it will go "to the moon".
I fucking hate weeks like this.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:36:11
Excuses, namecalling, bitterness.
Troll harder.
@_date: 2013-12-01 05:27:53
My advice would be to get aquainted with electrum and make sure the private key is never exposed to an online machine.
People people that don't take Bitcoin security seriously end in situations like [this](
Don't become this person. Secure your goddamn money.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:53:10
Yes houses can be bought and sold. Not gonna dispute that. But I mean volume, Bitcoin can't handle a 20 billion dollar real estate industry. It just can't, at absolute best it can handle 5-6 billion dollars at a time. For the real estate industry, on worldwide scale, it is impossible to use Bitcoin right now. But when it scales up, and billions of dollars can be moved in and out of Bitcoin with little, if any shift in price.... Real estate buyers and sellers will suddenly see Bitcoin as a viable option.
@_date: 2013-02-27 07:01:50
Actually there might be, and it's a biggie (it's in the U.S. constitution), I was discussing this elsewhere, and in the US, they have constitutional grounds to regulate any/all currency creation/use.
The EFF may already be aware of this and may be the reason they are keeping clear of Bitcoin for now until the government actively moves against it. The silver lining is they've used this constitutional right to shut down liberty dollar and e-Gold and they absolutely swooped on them. Liberty dollar had assets around 7mil for their "currency" and eGold has around 120mil in gold assets. Bitcoin however is 300 (!) million and counting, yet we haven't heard a whisper from the FEDs. This may indeed signal that even though the US has a constitutional *right* to control use and issuance of Bitcoins, they may also be very aware they have a snowball's chance in hell of actually doing anything in the way of controlling it's use/creation short of switching off the internet. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 09:52:53


It heartens me that quite a few people are at least doing this. It feels good that more and more people are not only doing this, but telling others to also do this.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:44:28
I got your back bro.
@_date: 2013-07-03 13:07:46
This is what infuriates me. These devices exist, they work, they're easy to use, and could change the world of money as we know it. But red tape will almost certainly ensure we will never see one of these in public. 
@_date: 2013-02-26 02:53:05
No money or currency had the ability to act as a decentralised timestamping service in order to curtail fraudulent spending, which could also act as a voting service. No money system in history, nor voting system I might add, has had this multifaceted attribute.
How can Bitcoin be solely classified as a currency, or as a monetary system, or as a commodity, or as a voting platform? People are also discovering other functionalities such as coloured coins for stock trading, smart property for authorised ownership via the blockchain. Definitions of what currency and money is not withstanding, the main thrust of my argument is that Bitcoin should be held as a completely new definition, just like the internet is. Because just like the internet it doesn't cleanly fit any previous definition. You can't call it a monetary system or currency and ignore it's usefulness as a voting system, nor can you call it a commodity and ignore it's usage as a property authorisation tool. 
It's a new thing that will completely upend our narrow, compartmentalised definitions of these terms.
@_date: 2013-04-04 10:03:02
Banks would function very differently to how they do now, and would become far less relevant in a Bitcoin based economy. The very premise of banks to begin with is because it is extremely difficult to save because of inflation, and banks are the root of this so since you can't save, you *have* to borrow. 
Fractional reserves could still exist (if people are stupid enough to let them exist) but collateral would be firmly secured, you wouldn't get as many depositors but banks could still offer the service of securing depositor's coins and offer insurance for loss against loss for a fee, thus there would still be a business for them, fees (rather than interest) would be paid for loans, just like any other service. Any fractional reserve shennanigans may well be seen as fraud since in Bitcoin there is no smoke and mirrors to magic the money back if the bank mismanages. Banks that fail, would fail gracefully since they simply would never have the huge fractional reserves to continue operating past their failure point. It means a world where banks operate as responsible businesses, rather than what they are now, the grand, overseeing, untouchable institutions they are today.
@_date: 2013-11-26 14:14:56
Sound advice, find out who are well known names, or even regular users here, see what sites they use and if in doubt, ask. Searching on or even google the site you are about to use is better than simply blind trust and gut feeling.
@_date: 2013-11-16 17:16:30
I consider this unlikely, 140,000 coins is currently a day's worth of trading on all the major exchanges combined, if it was 600k then I'd be a little more concerned, in any case they've said the proceeds will be auctioned. At the very least that means they will be sold to the person/people that bid the highest. How they auction off these coins is going to be the real question. 
Will it be done all at once? Or are they willing to sell them over months? Will the y set up an exchange like site to the general public or will they only be looking for big whales and settle the sale in private? Will they sell to corporations to keep it simple?
So many questions. If it's one big sale and it's done in a short period, it's a little worrisome, since that gives the buyer more control to move the market later, and it's also less likely the sale will be felt on the market with a significant price rise. If it is a new player thats been wanting to get in it may make very little difference on general demand.
If it's sold progressively in small amounts over a long time to the general public  this would be excellent, since the distribution would be more fairly distributed and makes it all the more difficult to move the market later.
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:09:39
It's actually a little over 1%, you added one too many zeroes.
Edit: besides, if this is a so-called deal breaker maybe people should be getting a huge dose of righteous anger over the wealth inequality in the existing fiat system.
Such god-damn hypocrisy it's sickening. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 13:56:48
It shouldn't really be classed as deflationary. Bitcoin really is a completely different economic system where the free market determines price, rather than intervention by government to arbitrarily regulate price. I lump Rich and government together because they are most commonly the regulators. Rich I usually refer to as the banks, the fed, imf etc., since they can in fact create money from thin air and selectively distribute that wealth to the rest of society at will. 
We currently have a system that actually demands the accruing of more money to retain value, the rich can do this quite easily. This in turn facillitates the introduction of more money into the system to stimulate growth to pay off the existing debt to allow more lending to pay off the interest. It may surprise you, but rich people are rich because they are very good at holding onto their money. 
In a deflationary system the rich don't have to accrue more monetary units to add value, they can just sit on it theoretically. This would avoid the need to constantly accrue more money. This would de-emphasise the consumerist culture we are so accustomed to. Now I hear your protest "but this means they are hoarding the wealth and not redistributing back into the economy to help stimulate more growth so other will benefit!". Not true, it simply means they will only buy things they actually need, or will only spend when they think the value of their savings is high enough in their own mind to spend. Also in a purely Bitcoin system everyone's coins will accrue in value so there really is no disconnect of the wealthy getting more compared to the less wealthy, we'd only see this relative to inflationary currencies and up to the point that Bitcoin reaches saturation among the world.
I've *also* covered how Bitcoin would work in a closed system [and how loans etc. would function, even sans interest as we have now]( When your main job is no longer focused on being insanely rich because the financial system incentivises you to, there are other things you can do with your money.
@_date: 2013-03-26 11:46:07
I literally followed these exact instructions and had it setup in 3 mins. Thanks epaga! I think OP should also note that the barcode and secret key should be printed or saved somewhere safe in case they lose their phone or something since unhooking 2 factor takes 6 weeks if it needs to be disabled without your phone.
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:35:12
If I did work, got paid in Bitcoins, bought stuff with Bitcoins that helped me get through my day so I could go to work and aquire *more* Bitcoins, it doesn't matter that retailers cash out the coins for dollars, since I will again be aquiring them later anyway. Any way you look at it this Gyft card acceptance is a HUGE positive for Bitcoin and any person involved in it's usage.
Additionally I'd be in control of my money management, be completely free of Banking interference, fees, etc. AND when I buy things using Bitcoins, aside from a small transfer fee that *I* choose to pay, and how much, no CC company is going to brand a fee onto every single transaction I make, nor will the merchant need to pay a slice to the CC company either, thus making it more attractive for both of us to continue using bitcoins in the future.
Your dimminishing of the positives of this scenario has very little in the way of weight to it.
@_date: 2013-04-06 11:04:38
Inflationary currencies produce one thing, massive growth. The only way an economy can grow so you can build an empire is to consume, the only way you can increase consumption is to spend. Inflation disincentivises saving and spurs spending.
Saving is the antithesis of spending and deflationary systems move the benefit of economic growth to savers rather than recouping the benefits of economic growth for guided distribution like banks/governments do in inflationary systems where they control the distribution of new money. 
The only big difference really is that inflationary systems spur growth before it happens by adding more currency to the system, whereas deflationary systems consolidate growth in the currency already circulating. This is why inflation is A-OK for governments, since it drives increased growth before it has happened yet, essentially force-feeding growth into an economy. Deflationary systems OTOH will still ensure growth, but it will be much slower, more organic in nature, more efficient, fairer, and far more stable (since it consolidates the economic growth as an increase in value of the currency already in circulation.
Deflation = quality.
Inflation = quantity.
During WW2 and during the times when bankers/wall st. traders completely devastated the market with irresponsible and reckless decisions, inflation helped economies recover faster, but because inflation has been systematically abused for generations it is now driving most economies to ruin. This is why Bitcoin is better, it takes the decision making out of the government's/banker's hands and injects prudent responsibility into the system.
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:26:01
Great article, I bookmarked it back then as it provided some sound numbers as estimates, and was quite level headed. Of course considering such staggering growth was hard to process back then but we've now seen in hindsight this is entirely possible, and has happened, as you say far faster than conservative predictions. $2950 - $90,000 by 2021 at this stage seems to be very likely as long as liquidity continues to strengthen, governments continue to cause havoc with the existing financial system, and Bitcoin continues to function and grow as it has in the past.
@_date: 2013-01-30 17:10:39
For comparison, the decaying of protons is meant to happen after [6.6×10^33 years](
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:57:44
Sorry, but after reading all the hysterics today and how many here were acting no better than 7 years olds I simply couldn't take any of it seriously.
Thus the image macros satirising their behaviour because 80% of the comments/threads really was utterly infantile.
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:19:00
No probs, I always try to be civil when thrashing out a disagreement online, I've often said in the past that open discourse on the subject hones not just my arguments, but helps me learn more on the subject, thus leading to a greater understanding for all involved.
Having a vested interest in the success of Bitcoin can easily blind people, but I only started using bitcoins because I do believe they are worth using, (and I've used them for years now), not as some people have seen them recently, as some sort of get-rich-quick scheme.
@_date: 2013-03-05 08:46:39


Neither is constant inflation in traditional currency. I should stress that deflation due to lost coins is not the same as deflation in traditional currency. Lost coin "deflation" is a misnomer since deflation is really just a restriction of new credit issued by banks. Bitcoin's value is not regulated by credit, but it's value can increase similarly to deflation when coins are lost, thus why people incorrectly attribute deflation to Bitcoin. This isn't a bad thing since we're not propping up debt like old currency does. This is why inflation is considered "good" by the powers that be. 
Bitcoin's inflationary supply will over the decades dwindle, and hopefully by then people that have coins will be very careful with them. When that time comes, coin loss should be minimal and any perceived deflation-like effects should also be minimal. That time will probably come some 100 years or so down the track. 
@_date: 2013-10-30 12:19:20
Threw 13 bitcoins to the abyss. No sending it to charity, no sending it back to miners as a ridiculously large fee. Just, "fuck everyone this money is shit and we don't want a thing to do with it".
@_date: 2013-03-06 16:37:51
I agree with your disagreement. Back in 2011, the economy was barren. I'm also hoping (kinda) for a correction, but the fact of the matter is it might not happen since the coins don't need to leave the market to be useful. People can buy stuff if they want to get rid of their coins and are happy to liquidate their value into something like gold or silver for example. That option was nonexistent in 2011. This may mean that the high 30's and maybe even low 40's are here to stay.
I do agree with KuDeTa on one thing though, only invest what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-02-13 14:05:53
I actually really like the idea of adopting a representation of Bitcoin that is more in line with comparison of other currencies to the USD, rather than constantly comparing 1 BTC to whatever amount of USD or other currency it is.
* 1 USD = 0.0189143g Gold
* 1 USD = 0.03906253 BTC
* 1 USD = 0.966506 AUD
* 1 USD = 0.742112 EUR
* 1 USD = 1.00318 CAD
I like it. This implies however that the USD is the reserve currency that all others must be measured against. But it does slot in very nicely like that :)
What we really want is:
* 1 BTC = 25.59 USD
* 1 BTC = 25.663 AUD
* 1 BTC = 19.237 EUR
* 1 BTC = 25.984 CAD
* 1 BTC = 2.3148g Gold
But it kinda looks better when bitcoins are shrinking cos it means USD buys less bitcoins than all the others :D
Edit: added gold for the curious.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:35:21
You've added nothing of value to the conversation, so yeah, you're a troll. Swearing and acting like a dick, along with your empty statements and flimsy logic makes your argument more valid?
You are background noise.
@_date: 2013-04-04 07:34:23
Bitcoin has the potential to be accepted world-wide. Physical currency is only accepted in physical form in the country it is issued (generally). 
I can't spend AUD, in New Zealand, I must convert it, via USD. Bitcoin in hand can be spent online and any receiver can hold the coins and pay another seller that accepts bitcoins without having to convert, I'd never have to worry about which country I'm buying from, or which currency I have to convert to since Bitcoin would be a universal form of value transfer, I only pay initial costs to convert my cash to Bitcoins once. If I can pay, and get paid in Bitcoins I will very rarely be paying currency conversion costs.
The thing is, if enough people accept Bitcoin around the world, you may not ever need to convert your Bitcoins to any other currency unless you need to pay taxes, or need to transfer with someone locally. Doing worldwide sales using any other currency you will probably have to convert to the "coin of the realm" nearly every time you want to make a purchase online. That stacks up.
@_date: 2013-07-26 15:00:53
Libertarians were indeed firstmovers on the bitcointalk forums in the early days, but Bitcoin was not designed to cater to political agendas, it was designed to free people's money from the tyranny of the existing financial system as I see it. Politics is peripheral to Bitcoin's true goals IMO.
It is easy to inject whatever political bent you want into Satoshi's actions because he is no longer around to say otherwise so I think it is dangerous to make any assumption about him or to assume any kind of political motivation. What I do know is he did mention that Bitcoin would appeal to the [libertarian minded]( I quote, "It's very attractive to the libertarian viewpoint if we can explain it properly.", but outside of that there is no overt indication he held to any libertarian principles, anarcho-capitalistic or otherwise. Most dialogue outside of direct Bitcoin discussion that I have read is his negative observations regarding banks and such.
That aside, linking to these non-Bitcoin specific subreddits is inappropriate because it sends the message that opposed political viewpoints are not welcome. Bitcoin is a tool, and should be treated as such. I don't see anarcho-capitalism or libertarianism in or Does have some favourite political ideology? What about and the Bitcoin spinoff currencies? Surely since they are all sisters they would honour what some believe to be their "political roots"?
They don't. That is because real money spans the entire political spectrum, and even though some groups favour them over others, these subreddits are all inclusive and are neutral because they know that politics and money don't mix. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 14:11:37
It's actually a good thing, it will enable huge liquidity among many exchanges that is completely off grid.
ATM A that uses exchange X to buy will provide liquidity via exchange Y that is used by ATM B to sell.
Yes, there will be fees both ends, but both sides can shop for the best rates and is not locked in, also they can defer converting if they wish/must so the power resides with the sender/receiver at all times. Not a third party that can fuck over both parties at any time they wish.
It's like the cloud9 of remittance, and not just remittance, once banks catch on, wires can also bend over and kiss themselves goodbye too.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:28:04
Those coins they regret spending could have also gone down in value too. The blade cuts both ways.
This is like me being annoyed about getting a new laptop I needed immediately and then getting frustrated about a sale on a better laptop coming out next week at the same price. The thing is that I needed the laptop right then, not a week from now. Whether there is a sale on or not is irrelevant because I needed the laptop straight away. Just like these guys needed to eat.
They used bitcoin to buy the things they needed right then, and it retained it's value so that they could use them. 
It is bewildering how using Bitcoin to keep them living day to day is reflected on in bitterness.
@_date: 2013-04-12 08:30:26
The good 'ol mantra that I use near daily. 
Never invest more time and money than you are comfortable with losing.
If you "can't go through another one" you obviously have overreached and are essentially gambling, but worse. Unlike Bitcoin, when you go gambling you usually know the odds.
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:58:14
Saving this comment, make sure you empty that wallet ahead of the Zerocoin release ;)
In all seriousness though, I'm 100% sure they will charge the guy with creating a money laundering instrument, just like they charged the guy who created the liberty dollar. The difference between Bitcoin is the creator is nowhere to be found, it's hard to arrest a pseudonym. This guy is known, knows full well what his creation would facillitate, and is more than willing to help make that happen.
In either case it remains to be seen, but I personally don't think the guy has a legal leg to stand on.
@_date: 2013-12-01 11:49:24
I'll bite.
In 3 years I think it will probably be between 60,000 and 100,000 . I've watched Bitcoin a long time and from what I have seen, it has very much risen in an exponential manner, and has quickened over time. $1,000 USD/BTC 3+ years ago was a pipe dream, but here it is. Bitcoin being 100k each is also a pipe dream right now, but the Bitcoin landscape could change a massive amount in 3 years, as the last 3 years have shown.
@_date: 2013-10-23 15:22:36
Thank god, I thought that one was gonna fly right past you. I guess I'm just dealing with a stubborn person then, not a stupid one. Though not truly intended as a personal jab, by all means feel free to take it as personally as you like.
@_date: 2013-04-15 20:46:32
"Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere."
This belongs in @_date: 2013-12-30 16:18:12
Unless Ghash.io finds there is a greater incentive in bringing down the Bitcoin network, there is an incredibly strong likelihood they will behave according to the prisoners dilemma scenario, otherwise they are going to ruin their business model. What's more, ghash is a pool, not a single entity, so it has an even greater incentive to protect the stability of the network because it's power can diminish rapidly, so it is not a single autonomous entity that can be directed at the whim of one person that may find profit in destabilising the Bitcoin network. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:22:23
I'd disagree, we're seeing incredible financial shocks in the existing system (have you forgotten 2008 so quickly?), so justifying not using an economic system like Bitcoin is not a good argument against IMO. As far as bubbles are concerned, they will get smaller and smaller as liquidity increases and with that confidence in the use and understanding of Bitcoin. Don't expect 50X increases and similar drops over a week when the market and economy is 50x bigger. 


People can't exclusively save in bitcoin yet because it is not quite a closed loop economy. As more and more people do get paid in Bitcoin the "hoarding" argument becomes obsolete. You can't save 100% of your coins and live on air, you still have expenses, bills to pay etc. The hoarding argument is a fallacy since people still get paid in fiat. Once your income stream is Bitcoin, you *have* to spend some of your Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is growing in leaps and bounds, I'll admit it's still wonky, there's still growing pains and it's got a long way to go, but I think almost all the drawbacks people claim are inherrent flaws are simply because Bitcoin is not yet a fully fledged system that can operate independently of the existing fiat system. It still needs fiat to prop itself up while people get used to it, like easy liquidity for merchants, and people wanting coins that don't yet get paid in Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:10:23
There;s definitely problems with MtGox regarding lag though, lets hope they at least are able to work around the problem.
@_date: 2013-11-15 14:03:38
An excellent counterpoint. The stirred up hysteria here over "clean addresses" really is foolish, not to mention getting increasingly childish while very effective solutions were staring everyone in the face.
@_date: 2013-12-01 03:20:38


Nope, ASICs perform several orders of magnitude better than even GPUs, you're thinking litecoin.
Bitcoin is currently very safe. Unfortunately there is still a vast number of users that are still incredibly naive. Like this [poor guy](
People are continually flippant about security. It makes me incredibly angry because there have been solutions to all these problems for getting close to 2 years now. Armory and electrum, two excellent programs with very simple offline transaction functionality for both beginners and advanced users has largely solved this problem for a very long time now. Regarding theft from online machine's of users' funds, there really is no excuse. Regarding theft from websites, if it doesn't use 2fa or some secondary security like yubikey, it shouldn't ever be trusted with funds. It's just that simple.
Fraud is a different case, but it can still be largely prevented. Know who you are dealing with, if it's a pseudonym, if the terms are unclear, if their reputation is not 100% in the clear, if the site is very new, DON'T TRANSACT WITH THEM. Or if you do, only perform small transactions at a time. Use someone trusted as an escrow if you absolutely MUST transact large amounts. We're past the point where people's only options were people in forums, there are many reputable businesses accepting Bitcoin now.
An astonishing number of people will transact with anyone willy nilly, get burnt and not once look at, and realise that their own lack of caution or common sense is what put them in that position. It's true that people get scammed, but again, there are laws to prosecute if you know their identity. 
Palming off the consumer protection responsibility to organisations, governments or whoever is a huge copout on the part of the consumer.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:43:58
You could try all4btc.com or bitsumo.com.
They will purchase items on your behalf and make sure it gets shipped to you. Failing yubico accepting Bitcoins and the trouble you're having with paypal, this might be the next best thing.
@_date: 2013-02-27 15:46:30
I never said they were evil, my argument is that the rich are greedy. If they aren't then how did they get rich in the first place, rarely is it philanthropy (though I will grant it does happen, but usually as a tax break), it's just that the rich can do more damage potentially. It might not be bad, but Forex doesn't sell a product, nor does it provide a service, it's there to make money with money, and the rich have lots of that. I should make a point that I didn't single out rich people either, corporations are mega rich and unlike rich people have no moral or ethical compass whatsoever. 
I honestly hope Bitcoin can weather these very large benefactors but my fear is Bitcoin is not going to be ready for it and it's going to cause market spikes and dips that may very well shake confidence in Bitcoin as value exchange protocol and network. Sudden sharp growth is bad, steady incremental growth is far, far better.
I guess that is the beauty of a free market, no-one is prohibited from joining or leaving. Who knows, my concern may be completely unwarranted as you say and this fellow's contributions may be of great benefit to the Bitcoin community and users in general. But when someone starts dropping numbers representing nearly 1/50th of the entire coinbase (500,000 Bitcoins), as something handled as a plural, that gets my spidey sense tingling, that sounds like manipulation, and monopolization in anyone's books.
@_date: 2013-11-26 02:34:39
I don't personally think it's because they "missed the bus", anyone can start using Bitcoin at any time and they are already reaping huge benefits. I think their irrational hostility is because they have called Bitcoin dead and useless so many times, in their own mind to capitulate now would be to admit their own foolishness.
Over the years they really put the boot in when it came to Bitcoin (and still are), like making fun of someone for buying magic beans, to change course now would mean they now have to accept how deeply flawed and biased their arguments were and openly acknowledge that.
I'm fairly certain they won't, not yet. They're still holding out for that "aha!" moment where Bitcoin stumbles and they get their moment in the sun to gloat over the failure of the Bitcoin network.
I personally think they will be waiting a very long time.
I'd also be very interested to know whether any of these so-called journalists have read Satoshi's original whitepaper.
@_date: 2013-02-26 15:33:35
Yep, I wondered about that too, whether they were able to go after  fraudsters doing something similar to forgery, or whether a standalone replacement which Bitcoin would probably fall under were also illegal. I got the information from [here](
And this was quoted from the article quoting the US Mint, 


What they indicate is no private coin or currency system can be created to compete with the official currency of the US. I guess it begs the question, is Bitcoin a private currency or currency system that has been created to compete with the US currency? Since Bitcoin did not originate in the US , it won't be able to enforce it outside their borders, but it may mean US miners and anyone using the system may still be fair game though. At the end of the day I hope the US doesn't have a foot to stand on legally to stop Bitcoin, but it doesn't look good on the face of it.
a comentary about the aforementioned [article 1 sec. 8 cl. 5]( 


@_date: 2013-11-05 07:09:06
Funny, the same people said that about using computers, the internet, &lt;insert new revolutionary technology here&gt; etc. There is almost always a learning curve when a new technology comes out. This should surprise no-one. The good news is that Bitcoin *is* getting easier to use week by week. If you compared usability now compared to two years ago you'd be far less sceptical.
Your cynical perspective simply shows that you are not ready for Bitcoin and Bitcoin has nothing of value for you. Yet. However there are adopters that are willing to take risks for the early benefits and there are adopters that want the safe, secure and easy way in. Early adopters are risking security problems, their money, and have to deal with at times usability issues, but they are also going to reap the largest benefits in the longer term, the latter will still reap the benefits of using Bitcoins, but nowhere near as much as those who took the time, effort, and risk to use Bitcoin early. You seem to be of the latter group, you want brain-dead easy, secure, and usable. You are probably 3-5 years too early for Bitcoin. But it is happening.
Come back in a year or two when more of the kinks are worked out, and I'm sure your perspective will be very much changed, (and likely you'll be chiding yourself for not taking advantage of the benefits sooner).


It took me a week initially to get a grasp of Bitcoin, but it was worth it. And there was far fewer resources back then compared to now, Bitcoin really is the bleeding edge of finance right now and no-one is putting a gun to your head saying you *must* get on-board. What you reap from the benefits of Bitcoin is what you put into it. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 08:34:01
Yep. There's no blood on Bitcoin's hands. 
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:44:11
You are purely focused on people dropping a small amount of savings on Bitcoin being the ones to win big. As a result making a fortune out of loose change. It happens in the stock market, so it's not outside the likelihood of possibility that a modest amount of Bitcoin could make someone very, very rich in several years time. Hell, we're already hearing stories like that already.
But this misses a crucial point, harnessing innovation and niche markets within the Bitcoin world can also net profits that will result in huge gains down the road. Case in point, the Silk Road and DPR's seized hoard. If someone creates a modest business that fulfils a need in the community and the community is more than willing to pay for it in bitcoins, then they could easily hold their profits and make it big.
Running a business and holding bitcoin profits means you could risk none of your own money, simply let some of the profit ride. Simply dropping money on Bitcoins in the hope it goes exponential requires the least effort but some could definitely make it big simply because their business was one of the first to enter the market and provide a service/good that many Bitcoin holders wanted.


I have been here on for years, and I have never said such a thing. For every person that acts like a dill and criticising someone for selling there is someone that is happy to see they consolidated their wealth. You'll also find there are many, many people here that use the time tested investing strategy, "never invest more than you are willing to lose". I say it whenever I hear someone is putting thousands of dollars into Bitcoin. 


Those are your words, not mine. It may very well go up to very high levels, but it's crazy to think it will create heaps of billionaires, people are far more likely to spend before that happens. And besides, what's wrong with being a multi-multi-millionaire? :P I myself have rarely read people in speculating they will all be Billionaires, I think this idea is just media hype. If you think I'm wrong then please provide a link to such discussions that have been made here.


People that hold Bitcoins have a vested interest in seeing it succeed, so yes, it should be blindingly obvious that they will upvote favorable commentary and have high expectations. It gets more biased though when the price goes crazy, so during quiet months it's much less skewed I think. But as you can see, your critical observations have made it to the top, so healthy and reasoned criticism is still highly valued in We are a passionate lot here but unfortunately the media and many, many other sites have laid the criticism and derision on Bitcoin for years (and also helped fuel these unrealistic expectations you see here), so please excuse us if we are a little defensive when you come here and stir up passionate discussion. Besides, bitcoin isn't simply about getting rich, it's about getting out from under the thumb of big banks and controlling governments, it's about empowering people's money, I think empowering people makes them far more free and richer than simply seeing a high Bitcoin balance. People here, including yourself, should stop focusing on the price, and start focusing on what Bitcoin can do right now. Future bitcoin value is pure speculation and doesn't represent Bitcoin as it is now.
@_date: 2013-03-26 08:30:47
I don't even see the fiat, all I see is 1.33BTC, 0.657BTC, 0.263BTC...
@_date: 2013-11-02 12:36:03


This is actually a fantastic scenario, slow, steady, measured and not hyperbolic growth. Cautious curiosity means they will educate themselves first and casually observe bitcoin until they are comfortable rather than jump in blindly and then get spooked at the tiniest thing. This is why myself and other bitcoiners continually tell others new to Bitcoin to only risk on Bitcoin what they are willing to lose. What *would* terrify me and indeed made me deeply worried in April/May was the hysterical enthusiasm and exponential rise in April. It *literally* broke the system, Mt Gox keeled over because it simply couldn't handle such huge growth so quickly.
The slow, steady growth in recent months makes me grin like a Cheshire cat though because people are moving in slowly, uptake and confidence is gradually rising, and the sustained growth over the long term makes others look at the charts, put 2 and 2 together and realise that there really is something about this crazy idea. Social proof over a sustained period is a powerful mover and stabiliser, people running in the streets screaming and wild-eyed that Bitcoin is the next big thing is a death-knell to my ears.
Bitcoin's only option, if it becomes more popular is to increase in value, this will level out eventually but it may take decades (in the best case scenario) before Bitcoin begins to level out. There is so little penetration of Bitcoin into the money of the world it truly does have the *potential* to grow many orders of magnitude yet. $200 is just a number, the only real thing that matters is supply/demand, and how liquid Bitcoin can become when it integrates with the existing financial markets. Bitcoin still has the ability to scale far greater than what it is capable of currently so don't expect that to be a limiting factor in the future either. As these things improve the value of bitcoin currency will rise, it has no other way of adding currency faster (nor would it even be beneficial to do so) so the price of 1 bitcoin will go up. Hardly a bad thing though.
Litecoin IMO is not going to be the silver to Bitcoin's gold, it will more likely be the tin to Bitcoin's platinum. It's functionality leaves it with almost no selling points and it has only very limited benefits as a hedge.
The massive move of GPUs to litecoin after ASICs hit the scene is what I think spurred the growth of litecoin. That won't ever happen again as older asics become obsolete. There is only the small fractured infrastructure of GPUs to prop up litecoin, still subject to botnets, supercomputers et al. that Bitcoin is now for all intents and purposes completely immune to. What's more it shares much of the same codebase so don't bet on litecoin if a bug in Bitcoin throws a spanner in the works because there is a high probability litecoin will share that weakness.
@_date: 2013-04-12 08:24:23
Preaching to the choir here. I think it really is a case of Bitcoin becoming a victim of it's own success. Too many new-comers buying Bitcoin simply because they want to make a quick buck, rather than saving via Bitcoin (extremely risky) *and* using Bitcoin (which entails very little risk).
Too many people have been focusing on the price as Bitcoin's sole positive factor. Bitcoin is incredibly useful in other areas too but people only pay attention to the price! :(
@_date: 2013-02-13 16:09:35
I saw your other post, and I'm glad you've at least done some due diligence. If you've checked my posting history I am also of the opinion it will likely go up rather than down, but for a good long while there it was a very different story. I watched the long stretch from 30-2 and I can tell you, it was real hard to read of people putting nothing but faith into Bitcoin, and losing a lot of life savings in the process too. And I hate to say it but a lot of it was simply pure greed, like Apple fanboys chasing the next ipad. Even though I was never heavily invested (and still am not) in Bitcoin, watching the price slide like it did was like starting down the barrel of a gun. I dreaded to think how those with serious amounts of money "invested" in Bitcoin were faring at that time.
I can't endorse what you are doing in any way, but I can sympathise with your situation somewhat (also highly educated, poor student, with a nice chunk of student debt, and a PhD on the way). The best I can manage is a clap on the shoulder and offer you a fervent hope that you come out of this better than when you got in.
@_date: 2013-01-31 06:56:27
It means ASIC miners will get the lion's share in the short term as everyone catches up. Depending on the miner they may sell immediately or hold, but my inclination is the perspective of Bitcoin in the current clime is very positive. Higher blockchain security as a result of extra hashing capacity is nothing but good news for the community too so people will be more inclined to use Bitcoin. Miners are also more likely to hold since the nature of ASICS means running costs are low for electricity, and the huge short term hashing capacity added  means they'll recover costs in a very short time, hence less need to sell their coins. 
Supply won't dwindle in the sense that less coins will be produced by the Bitcoin network, but supply can be constrained by miners that get a much larger proportion of the coins and are more inclined to hold because:
* The market is positive (and mining profits are above pre halving levels too).
* Blockchain security is improving.
* costs to run their mining equipment is far lower.
* costs for equipment will pay itself off much faster for the early ones.
I'm not saying this will be the norm, this is what I think will happen **short term**. In a few months as more ASICs filter (or flood) into the mining community, prices will probably settle (and hopefully not bounce around), unless there are a few whales out there that, when the time is right, drop 100,000 BTC on the market in the mean time. That in itself would be even more exciting IMO.
This is entirely my own speculative musings.
@_date: 2013-09-13 12:45:30
@_date: 2013-07-03 02:33:04
If zerocoin doesn't interfere with the current functionality of the Bitcoin protocol and everything can function side by side without adding any significant blockchain bloat, etc. If that is the case, and the code is rigorously designed and checked for bugs, I think it is almost inevitable it will become part of the Bitcoin protocol. The vast majority of miners and nodes/users want something that provides bulletproof anonymity.
That will mean one very big sticking point for Bitcoin, that being privacy and anonymity will get the big tick. It would be a huge advance forward.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:07:24
As someone who has followed Bitcoin for nearly three years now, I can tell you the ball is well and truly moving now. The network effect is finally beginning to scale up and as long as bitcoins remain useful I don't think we are going to see the slide back to double digits, we may have significant tests to the value, and significant corrections, but I'm of the opinion that as long as banks continue to screw up, and countries continue to have problems managing their money, we will see continued Bitcoin adoption, and into the future. A lot of this hinges on not necessarily the good press surrounding Bitcoin. It has been the bank's utter incompetence and stark corruption that is fuelling the fleeing I think. People are finally beginning to realise that banks can't be trusted with the people's money, and governments are letting them get away with it. Governments so far, have wisely decided to leave Bitcoin alone, and that in turn means Bitcoin's steady adoption will continue.
@_date: 2013-10-08 14:37:45
Might be time to revisit Wikipedia too. If the US of A thinks it's money, prosecutes those who use it as money, and has absolutely no qualms with liquidating it in order to get value from it, what goddamn excuse does Wikipedia have to NOT accept Bitcoin.
Edit: clarification.
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:09:06
Firstly let me tell you these are not stupid concerns. Much however is misinformation perpetuated by society and the worldwide financial industry so you are hardly alone. Now onto why I think Bitcoin is fantastic! :P
I've heard a lot of these arguments and unfortunately you are trying to squeeze a round peg into a square hole. Yes banking will be very different, money will change hands differently. What you are missing is the huge piece that is accountability, and the way value is handled. Banks are businesses, but unlike any other business out there they can get away with manipulation of the world's currencies, this is criminal IMO and it is not sustainable, there is no accountability whatsoever, banks that mismanage are propped up rather than liquidated and governments, ever hungry for incredible economic growth, are perpetually bribing banks (through bailouts) to loan more to foces their economies to become ever stronger to remain competitive with every other country that is doing exactly the same thing. We are, after  many generations beginning to see it come undone. Currently, and in the past, inflation was there to protect the rich/governments, inflation/deflation is simply value transfer of the money in circulation which occurs post growth(deflation), or precedes growth(inflation), inflation means that any growth in the economy passes into the government/banks first for distribution, essentially the government/banks get to direct growth as they feel, whereas deflation of money in circulation passes value to all that currently hold it as a consolidation of the economy's growth after the growth has occurred. I've thrashed this out fairly [extensively in the past](
In a Bitcoin only world, loans by banks would still function, but banks would become far more accountable and would be far less reckless in their loaning since they would run the risk of insolvency when they loan to those that are shady, or unreliable, unlike in a fractional reserve environment, (fractional reserve banking is at best fraudulent to say the least, no economy is really safe with fractional reserves unless the banks themselves use their assets to remain solvent, which they obviously don't do now). I've covered in previous posts how a Bitcoin only economy could still [loan succesfully]( As far as deflation is concerned as a negative force in a Bitcoin only economy, it is a straw man argument since Bitcoin doesn't function like traditional money, Bitcoin's massive precision can handle this, but it's mainly to do with the relentless propaganda that deflation is "bad", which has been perpetuated over the generations.
Bitcoin will not fit seamlessly with existing systems simply because it *is* a different form of money, much closer to gold in nature, but far more liquid, backed only by trust, and digitised like fiat. It can do much of what the existing system already does, and far, far more, but most importantly, it will make finance far more accountable, and help preserve people's value, rather than whisking it away inflation-style, and that is hardly a bad thing. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:02:14
Good to hear, just make sure he is aware of all the risks. It is crazy volatile ATM. 
@_date: 2013-01-14 16:22:47
Earning Bitcoin is still in it's infancy, since most places will not pay you in Bitcoins, pretty much because they don't trust it, or have never heard of it. It's important to remember that it is a currency for value exchange pretty much like any other (but better ;) ), not something you farm as an everyday thing, even miners are doing a "job". 
It's a currency, and like a currency, you may be able to find someone you can do work for and get paid in Bitcoins, or simply get paid in fiat, then exchange them for Bitcoins, the thing that 99.5% of people that use Bitcoins do right now. 
Sites advertising "free" Bitcoins for watching some ads or filling out questionaires are good to have a little to play with, but unless it is a serious employer you will waste a lot of time and effort for very little reward (unless you enjoy the experience of earning money online, I know it gave me a thrill for a while there...).
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:49:01
There are always improvements to technologies, I'm not naive enough to think that Bitcoin couldn't be supplanted, but these innovations come in fits and starts, and I think you'll find that it may be a very long time before someone comes up with something better.  People have already been trying for years, with older non-bitcoin centric ideas, and for the last 4 years using the Bitcoin source as a model. The "best" of these alternatives, litecoin, ironically is successful because it made so few changes to the original code. The digital currency space has been around for over a decade before Bitcoin was even an idea, so don't kid yourself thinking that bitcoin was the first one to come along, even Satoshi referenced technologies that [pre-dated his implementation]( But bitcoin fixed many of the earlier attempts' critical flaws. What's more, Bitcoin is not a static technology, it too is still improving, being optimised, and I'm certain down the line there will be hard forks as Bitcoin grows into an even more powerful tech. This is why Bitcoin has been so successful, and in all probability will continue for many years into the future to be the leader in the digital currency space.
@_date: 2013-03-26 09:23:58
look no further! 
@_date: 2013-02-28 19:32:09
I'm positive about BTC and all.
But what this article is speculating is misleading, spin-based, useless, 
downvote me as you see fit.
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:11:04
Argentinians really aren't catching a break. It's amazing that they can even get away with it. 
With news like this though, Bitcoin practically sells itself.
@_date: 2013-03-16 08:41:35
I think the questions you present don't have as much depth as your thinking aloud discussion so I'm going to see if I can condense it.
Your first major concern is the supply, you fear that because Bitcoin will eventually become a deflationary supply that it will not be able to sustain itself. You're concerned about what happens when deflation kicks in.
You're also worried about stability and how the economy will be stimulated if governments can't intervene.
I have more or less covered this in other posts I've made so I'm just going to link them. [Deflation]( simply means the system works differently. Deflation in the existing system is indeed bad, BUT deflation in a Bitcoin system is actually manifestly good for everyone but those that control supply (namely government and banks).
Secondly, your concerns regarding stimulation of the economy that can't add new money is a valid concern, but again, in a Bitcoin system it simply means things will be done differently, which will actually make business and commerce more accountable, I discuss the finer points and ramifications [here](
All in all, things will not be the same as before under a Bitcoin system. It will actually be orders of magnitude better for people in general. Your fears only exist in the current financial climes, not in a Bitcoin monetary system.
To encapsulate it in a single statement, Bitcoin will make finance at all levels accountable and responsible.
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:22:41
When you have something of substance to offer to the discussion that is Bitcoin related, I will be there to contribute. Until that time I will respectfully observe from the sidelines. 
Obviously you will read this as some form of weakness, that I am not strong conversationally, intellectually, etc., but frankly, I see nothing constructive from engaging with you at this moment, I am not interested in debating people. I am only interested in Bitcoin related subjects.
@_date: 2013-03-07 15:56:06
To answer your first question, the short answer is abuse and uncertainty. Satoshi, brilliant that he is, probably couldn't see all ends with a high, or open limit, so he capped it to a safe, conservative max, and was probably going to come back to it, but disappeared before that eventuated. 
To answer your second question, It has been discussed by all manner of persons, and the bottom line is people can't prove without a shadow of a doubt that any one solution will actually play out as expected. Ironically [Gavin and a number of other devs are in favour of removing the limit completely and letting miners set soft limits that will in effect self regulate blocksizes that are in the collective miners' selfinterest]( The block limit was initially there i think as a stopgap since many other aspects were still unproven, the blocksize was probably going to be removed, or at least eventually raised to be much higher.
There's been a huge furore over this though by others that contend alternate, doomsday scenarios will eventuate if the limit is tampered with. The general consensus is the limit at the very *least* should be raised, since it seems even [Satoshi himself was in favor of raising it](  Outside of that, it is up to the devs to wheedle out an alternative if possible. I personally was in favor of an algorithmic system much like difficulty to regulate blocksizes, as have others, but with Gavin et al. being fairly confident it could be done sans limit at all, I'd happily side with him on that. This is Gavin though, if this gets rolled out, expect it to take a year or even two from it's inception ;).
And this is, yet again, why I trust Gavin with my money. :D
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:59:29
Having been around before alts and after alts, I have first-hand observed a mixture of greed, outright scams, holier-than-thou-I'm-taking-my-ball-and-forking-bitcoin-because-I'm-right developers, and yes, the occasional idea that shows promise being experimented with.
Unfortunately everyone else has to wade through that shit, unwitting users *do* get fucked over, huge amounts of time and effort are poured into crackpot ideas (often driven by greed, but not always) that were laughed out of the Bitcoin dev forums for good reasons, and many of these alts are outright scams (or at least were in the earlier days). I've seen more than enough alts to very soundly conclude that the vast, vast ,vast majority of alts do far more harm than the few promising alts help. 
Hedging, redundancy (moving value from Bitcoin to litecoin for example during the db bug would have been pointless since both implementations had the bug, and Bitcoin went poof before anyone caught it anyway), and testing new currency concepts are weak reasons IMO, but that's just me. 
I do agree with you that alts do prove that Bitcoin is king, but that's about as far as alts' usefulness goes IMO.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:23:30
Same, I'm rather glad sanity has started reasserting itself.
@_date: 2013-12-09 10:44:23
Preventing users from using a currency always quickens the exodus.
@_date: 2013-04-06 15:51:57
@_date: 2013-05-01 11:04:34
I concur, I think it's just a slow day and some holders have simply twanged and lost their nerve. more big cashouts from single players to more hands is in it's own way a stabiliser.
The large swings have already begun to smooth themselves out and most/all weak hands have either bailed or have hedged sufficiently. My guess is confidence is already here and we will see more buying shortly.
That is just pure speculation on my part though.
@_date: 2013-08-19 11:55:49
Bonus suggestion, sign the transaction on an offline machine, preferably on a live CD. This is how secure offline transactions work. It shouldnt take much extra effort and your private keys are much safer that way. The instructions should be on the armory website.
@_date: 2013-04-27 15:41:09
The FAQ from the Small Business Association backs that up, [almost exactly]( Check out page 3, figure 5 of the pdf for the tl;dr. If we consider that we are around the three year mark as far as when exchanges first started popping up, then we are pretty much following the curve precisely. I personally wouldn't say the the success rate is high, but I would say the article itself is a pretty worthless read since all they are reporting on is the obvious. 
It does serve as a fairly clear warning that no-one should leave their funds on an exchange for any extended period unless they can afford to lose it, or the exchange has already lasted a good few years, and has proven itself stability-wise like Mt Gox has (stable as in will protect users losses, and not run off with user's money).
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:44:10
I might be pointing out the obvious, but all these new bitcoin millionaires in the US or whereever are going to want to buy things, right? So if they are buying tons of stuff in their home country, aren't they actually still stimulating the economy they reside in? Sure, the USD would take a battering, but people will still have to pay taxes on their brand new houses, boats and expensive cars but the economy would still run.
What would really devastate the US is the fact that the USD would probably lose it's reserve status and their debt would cripple them if they can't retain the USD as the world's reserve currency.
@_date: 2013-02-21 06:59:58
The answer is no.
I kid, I kid! :P. I think it is going to pioneer a complete rethink of what money is. Everyone will finally be able to see what debt money actually is and see that a non debt money system can really function in our society. 
I find it unlikely that Bitcoin will replace or dismantle the monetary system as we know it, but I'm very confident it can shine a light on the horrendous misuse and abuse of our monetary system by the powers that be, and hopefully force them to act more responsibly. I think most of the time the reason nothing has been done to fix these problems is because no-one could really see it, nor could they force change by moving to a completely new monetary system that could seamlessly integrate with our existing systems, yet not be under threat of being dismantled by those that saw it as a credible threat (eGold being a good example). 
Bitcoin is a monetary system on an island that no government can reach and dismantle. It is an irrefutable example of how money can function in a way that is fundamentally different and superior to the existing financial institutions around the world.
@_date: 2013-03-28 16:46:48
Not really but  it has been used to explain sudden drops over the weekend. Nowadays especially since people are more aware it could happen, they prepare accordingly, thus resulting in it happening less often.
@_date: 2013-11-26 18:07:32
No truer words have ever been written.
Though I'm no teenager, I've found exactly the same thing with friends and family. Everyone always gave me the advice they'd follow themselves and now most are locked into jobs they hate, grinding away at a mortgage they will take 30 years to pay off, pouring thousands into superannuation that probably won't last them 10 years, and constantly aspiring to live like magazines tell them to live because it will make them happy, and is the only way to get ahead in life. 
Fuck. That.
Even though I've been consistently right about Bitcoin, they still somehow think their advice is still "good".
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:06:40
The first big panic is usually the biggest, so you've probably already seen the lowest point, then, depending, it will either shoot back up or see-saw a few times before being slightly below where it was before, then after a week or two (but often much sooner) will continue the slow climb again. How quickly and extreme it is, is the big question, sometimes it lasts a matter of hours, sometimes it takes weeks, or in the early and most extreme cases like in 2011 and april/may this year, a month or six. This is an interesting trigger as people are going bananas over liquidity danger, and this always makes people emotional, but it's an (unfounded) legal liquidity issue, not a technical, or bank related liquidity issue, so I don't expect it to last a super long time. All-in-all, it's just another weak hand shake-out. Those who risked too much are getting spooked and are letting their emotions guide them, IOW they are more than likely going to lose money. These tests are always good for Bitcoin since it scares away people that have overreached and gives the price a much firmer footing.
@_date: 2013-02-02 15:31:29
So you get get your multiple personal node, platinum level security while everyone else that you push Electrum on gets economy.
It disappoints me greatly that such ardent Bitcoin users like yourself can brush off security so easily while we have to contend with [new users having their coins stolen in myriad different ways]( Regardless of your excuses, an easy to use offline client would have meant that Beast_Man would still be holding his $250 in coins. Security is king in the land of zero trust, to assert otherwise, or diminish it's importance, is simply folly.
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:39:13
True, but by that same token sha256 is hackable. The notion that it is hackable in a conventional sense is what the title is getting across. As in, this code ain't done by no amateur, this has been done by an expert cryptographer, who knows his shit so well he may already be famous. If you didn't know, Hal Finney in the early days complimented Satoshi on his coding ability, not long after the code was released.
So, 4.5 years in the wild, world renowned cryptographers accept its good code. I think I've got enough authoritative input on the subject to know Bitcoin, as a protocol, is probably *really* secure.
I agree with your last point though. This is no excuse to start being slack on our own security in other areas, such as regarding the rest of our system.
@_date: 2013-02-05 03:53:00
I would take what BeatySees with a grain of salt as his statements are actually pretty misleading and he does seem to be quite biased towards maintaining the max_block_size for some absurd reason.
In actual fact there is an ongoing discussion on the topic right now on the [forums]( [Satoshi also never intended to cap the max_block_size forever]( or as some mechanism to keep the economy stable, it was more likely trainerwheels to ensure no bugs or "features" led to runaway block sizes, like dust spamming. Gavin, the lead developer of the reference client also believes [the max_block_size should not be arbitrarily limited]( 
Not raising the max_block_size or max number of transactions in a block is an extremely bad idea. It will create a two tier system where large institutions are given priority since they can afford higher transaction fees, and will lead to those institutions monopolising the blockspace, this will lead to a lower tier only ever being able to use the blockchain with the help of high tier services. Off the chain transactions is inherrently less trustworthy than on the blockchain transactions. What it means in the end if the limits aren't made to be flexible is that transactions will be institutionalised by default and money movements will be controlled by the privileged rather than being closer in nature to cash that has no controlling third party.
@_date: 2013-07-01 10:36:30
It seems [Mike]( is already all over this, which is excellent to see. The guy behind the patent seems to be doing this to aggressively control IP that in no way belonged to him in the first place. Lets hope he gets his ass handed to him by the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:10:58
Well said, unfortunately there is no lack of greedy people in this world, so we can expect it again, and probably again. Fortunately with every slump, it tells more people to be wary and conservative in their optimism, so hopefully it will help lessen the impact of subsequent butbbles. As opposed to the first time, I've heard heaps of people reminding everyone to only invest what they are prepared to lose. This I think has helped protect many from losing their shirt and becoming outright hostile to Bitcoin. Only the most foolish and invested (which are thankfully few) have been ramping up the Bitcoin success mantra. 
Mt Gox I think actually may have cut the runup short with their lag situation, and verification backlog. If what others, and Mt Gox said was true, there could have been tens of thousands of new users buying at even more outrageous prices. That backlog I think helped shield many from unnecessary loss, and now, having seen what happened without suffering the pain of loss, they can make a more informed decision about whether to buy, (which in my opinion they should not unless they are buying to use, rather than buying to save).
It's funny, almost exactly the same circumstances occured in 2011 when Mt Gox had Dwolla integrated as a payment processor, only weeks before the mini-bubble, Dwolla was processing heaps of new users that wanted to buy, and Dwolla meant they could do it easily, cheaply, and quickly. Then the runup on Mt Gox occurred, then the selloff, then the hack.
The fact that mt Gox couldn't verify users fast enough and had trouble keeping up early, means I think we probably avoided a second bubble that could have absolutely destroyed confidence in Bitcoin for all but the most strident of believers.
I think we should consider ourselves lucky, we probably avoided a far worse scenario. Instead we got heaps of exposure, it highlighted the existing shortcomings, and has saved many new users the pain of massive loss, while being an abject lesson for those that decided to leave common sense at the door, (which thankfully is probably not that many).
@_date: 2013-03-24 07:19:21
Gavin: "It's a brand new baby currency, worth about 3 million dollars so far"
It's now worth about 220 times that, my, my, my, how far we have come.
@_date: 2013-10-14 12:05:15
Ah the [nostalgia]( Looking at comments I made back then, even now it's hard to believe the price literally ballooned by a factor of 30.
Was certainly an exciting time back then.
@_date: 2013-03-20 11:27:55
Absolutely, quite a few people have the "you're either with us or against us" mentality. It's incredibly narrow-minded and self-serving on their part. Just like how others are having apoplectic fits over the FINCEN "guidence" released by the DOT. These people criticize both parties, but then would still expect the EFF to step up to defend them.
Some people on are the best examples of hypocrites I've ever seen. Fortunately with all the new users they are becoming fewer and fewer.
@_date: 2013-02-22 02:02:49
Eugenics back then was not seen as a derisive term, she used the term pre-WW2, and what she was implying using the word was meant in a individualist sense, not enforcement by the state. It was only during Hitlers time that the term eugenics became a dirty word because Hitler abused it and twisted it's meaning. Much like how he turned the swastiker, regarded as a holy symbol in a number of countries, into a symbol nearly all of us attribute to the Nazi regime. I bet you never realised the symbol of the swastiker is used in hindu religions, is a Japanese representation of a shrine, etc.
The term and meaning eugenics has been tarred much the same way. Even though it also can be termed as self directed directed reproduction. Margaret Sanger championed a women's right to control her own fertility. Adolf Hitler championed a [master race of his own making, of his own design]( Though that said, he learnt from the [masters](
Margaret Sangers philosophy, and this was a movement started before WW2 also, quoted from the founding principles of the American Birth Control League,  :
"We hold that children should be (1) Conceived in love; (2) Born of the mother's conscious desire; (3) And only begotten under conditions which render possible the heritage of health. Therefore we hold that every woman must possess the power and freedom to prevent conception except when these conditions can be satisfied."
What eugenics means pre-WW2 is not the same meaning it carries post-WW2.
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:44:53
Are you serious? Go try and make a nuke, see how long the government does nothing.
@_date: 2013-11-13 07:25:04


Well, this is a selection of my comments over the last two and a half weeks. And some of these comments were made *way* before bitcoin surged from 200 to 390 BTW.
1.   [I parrot the "don't risk more than you are willing to lose" for a couple of reasons. ...](
2.  [As always, do not risk more than you can afford to lose.](
3. [You'll also find there are many, many people here that use the time tested investing strategy, "never invest more than you are willing to lose". I say it whenever I hear someone is putting thousands of dollars into Bitcoin. ](
4. [The lesson most people continually ignore is that they buy as everyone else rushes to buy, and usually all at once rather than dollar cost averaging, and inevitably there are those, in their exuberance that buy Bitcoins with money that they can't afford to lose.](
5. [I practice what I preach so this is literally advice I live by, I have said it dozens of times and I will say it yet again here. Never risk what you are not willing to lose.](
6. [Cautious curiosity means they will educate themselves first and casually observe bitcoin until they are comfortable rather than jump in blindly and then get spooked at the tiniest thing. This is why myself and other bitcoiners continually tell others new to Bitcoin to only risk on Bitcoin what they are willing to lose. ](
7. [I only risked as much as I was willing to lose. I regret nothing.](
8. [Regardless of volatility, it can still be used for short term value transfer. So, in that case the volatility argument can almost be completely abolished. As an investor it's a different story. The short term fix to that is to simply never invest more than you are willing to lose.](


Please check my comment history, I am indeed bullish, but I'm also not one to egg on others to "buy in" in the hope it will make me rich or a millionaire. **Your stereotypical portrayal of users is simply flat out wrong**.
@_date: 2013-05-11 10:26:59
There shouldn't be any problem as long as you don't send funds to an old address, I think in blockchain.info you can "archive" addresses which essentially means it is not deleted but takes steps to ensure it isn't used again in the future. This way if funds are sent to the old address you aren't faced with the disaster for losing those funds.
Bitcoin-qt by default uses new addresses for every transaction, this means you should regularly backup your wallet though. A bit of a PITA, but Bitcoin-qt regularly generates a [pool of 100-ish addresses]( and AFAIK generates new addresses as the pool of addresses are used so that you *should* be safe if you only backup your wallet every 40-50 transactions. That said though backing up the wallet is as simple as file-&gt;backup wallet-&gt;choose name&amp;location-&gt;OK.
Bitcoin-qt's address handling is still rather antiquated compared to other clients but it is first and foremost meant to be a reference implementation for the Bitcoin protocol, it's purpose as a client is secondary. That said it is still a very functional client and good/safe/secure overall. 
@_date: 2013-03-08 18:21:30
The guy is good at covering his tracks but not perfect. sourceforge and mail-archive posts he cut-paste responses show he was cognizant in the early days, but his prolonged presence certainly revealed details he probably didn't want divulged. Timestamps of posts I've collected show he wasn't diligent about since soon after gathering such information, and it's mention of the forum, it suddenly became "unavailable", he's also left other trails and mannerisms but I am not one to criticise his wanting to vanish, nor am I interested in trying to help reveal him. Considering the tone on Bitcointalk, the libertarian-anarchistic crowd are hardly the type that would protect his anonymity, and besides I think at the end of the day all he really has to protect himself from is being labelled the creator, outside of that, the horse has already bolted. Bitcoin is already in the wild, the idea has already run wild. Politically staying in the spotlight is not functional, but he can theoretically dodge the spotlight and still contribute to Bitcoin if his ego can take it. Even failing that, if you had several hundred thousand in Bitcoins I think that "recognition" would be ample compensation in anyone's books.
@_date: 2013-04-12 08:07:57
I know this, you know this, buyers from a month ago know this, people from the June 2011 bubble know this, yet the vast number of newcomers in the last month or so don't.
As a longtime Bitcoin follower and believer that has realised just how paradigm changing Bitcoin is, and could be in the future, it's a bit disappointing, but hardly surprising that so many people are buying Bitcoin as if it were a stock rather than using it as a currency, but meh, this batch will either realise it's not a get-rich-quick scheme and stick around for the other benefits Bitcoin can bring, or leave full/empty handed and miss out on being part of a revolution in finance.
I am unfazed either way, greed may bring them here but I think many will stay when they realise that the potential of Bitcoin is not wholly and solely a vehicle for quick and easy profit. I personally don't think profiteers will be the longtime users, but I don't begrudge them their quick gains, I'd rather they take their profit and hand their coins to those that see their true value.
Edit: a word.
@_date: 2013-02-12 11:01:46
This is getting creepy and weird. Nothing much Bitcoin-wise has changed in the last week, is there something I'm missing? Has a sudden influx of new people started getting into Bitcoin that we don't know about, or is it the same old users just getting ahead of themselves again?
Can anyone shed some light on this?
@_date: 2013-11-13 17:31:56
Ah good 'ol Gizmodo, their commentary on Bitcoin is like the ramblings of a schizophrenic on acid.
Also regarding regulation of exchanges, not one of the big 4 are actually established in the U.S. . Sure they would no longer trade USD, but it seems China is eating the mother's share of Bitcoin anyway. BTC-e is russian IIRC, Bit-stamp is in Europe and good 'ol Mt Gox is in Japan. 
Ah, yes, the jig is up folks, America is onto you guys. /s
@_date: 2013-01-10 16:46:58
Thats what I thought too, but I'm guessing it wouldn't be so difficult if he could insulate his identity using other people as proxy sellers. That, and considering what he was doing was heinously illegal anyways, breaking other laws to sell under stolen/fabricated credentials aren't too far fetched either IMO.
Or or the occam's razor explanation, he was an idiot. That sort of suited his MO too. Either way I am glad he/they relinquished him/themselve(s) of the burdensome stewardship of such a large amount of coins so that other, more upstanding members could wield them in a more fiscally responsible manner within the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2013-02-22 20:34:35
If it's 100 BTC, in ten years.... college? pfffft. :) may as well fast track to retirement.... :D
@_date: 2013-12-10 12:59:10
People will naturally gravitate to the freer and more open currencies, this is why Bitcoin's decentralisation has been so successful. Unless they offer something more free and open and more innovative than Bitcoin this "patent" of theirs is already DOA. They may as well stick with what they've got.
@_date: 2013-03-21 04:45:03
I can see where you're coming from but as I see it inflationary systems still punish the poor far more than the wealthy. The wealthy also have ways to ensuring governments can't touch their value. I'd contend that an inflationary system is useless at moving value from the rich to the rest of the people. [If governments of the world can't even get at a huge fraction of the wealth]( then I can quite confidently say your argument that inflation will somehow make the wealthy relinquish their vice-like grip on their money is a very poor strategy. Even though you argue that inflation will encourage spending to reconsolidate their value, it still hammers the poor. The poor that spend 95% of their income on expenses in an inflationary system one year will be forced to spend 96% the next. The poor man is not incentivised to save. Your good intentions to "let the wealth trickle down" is farcical IMO. It doesn't work, and the rich and powerful are continually wringing out every scrap of value for the poorer to prop up the system because the wealthy have very effectively shielded themselves. Governments and the rich as much as you'd like to believe are going to act in the interests of the people, simply don't. 
Fixed, unmanipulatable supply does not discriminate rich or poor, nor does it cushion loss for foolish decisions or reward the wise. It is nondiscriminatory and will create a far more fiscally responsible society and government that can be held accountable for their financial decisions. If the wealthy are less inclined to spend because they don't want to, this simply raises the value of the money already in circulation, rather than in an inflationary system where the increase in value goes directly to the banks and Government, this is hardly a bad thing since restriction of circulation of ever increasing amounts of money will mean a poor person that has to spend 95% of their income one year, in a system where there is less money circulating the next year will only need to spend 94% of their income the next year. This means the poor person can take that 1% they didn't use, put it aside for a rainy day and spend it as a more discerning consumer. 
If you haven't noticed, this unmanipulatable supply means the people will get more monetary power, and the Government's, as well as the bank's financial influence will diminish. I'm sure you can see why Governments and banks have been hammering into people the idea that deflation is "bad".
@_date: 2013-09-17 02:53:53
I think the only effective way to quell the use of Bitcoin would be to declare "War" on it much like the war on drugs/porn/terrorism/buzzword. The problem is that this would only quell legitimate use. Illegal uses would go right on ahead using it. I think it would probably exist quite contentedly in the black market and I'm certain that Bitcoin could achieve a closed loop economy in that system. The other problem is it is international, so it would take the vast majority of the international community to band together to suppress it's legitimate usage, and then it would also need to try and suppress every other alt-coin out there. Not to mention appealing to service providers around the world to filter out every Bitcoin transaction that passes through them. Not likely since transactions could move to the tor network, or be broadcast via vpn nodes in countries sympathetic with (or wilfully ignorant of) Bitcoin
You would probably have to stir up some propaganda too to try and dissuade anyone from using it, maybe by labelling them terrorists or something. And this is only for supression of legitimate usage mind you. As you can see, it gets very silly very quickly to try and suppress usage of Bitcoin, especially considering that even the most effective suppression is only going to stop legitimate usage. The black market will continue on Business as usual.
In the very early days, like 2 years ago, it may have been possible to stop Bitcoin in it's tracks, but we've come a long way since then. Bitcoin is already entering the public psyche and just like p2p file-sharing, the public knows the government can't stop them using it. Unlike filesharing though, Bitcoin breaks no laws and steals from no-one. Retroactively banning it would be like banning use of the New Zealand Dollar, it's unprecedented in our time, and completely unjustified to villainise, and financially ostracise a quiet peacefully operating currency.
Freezing or confiscating funds is pretty much impossible, controlling where the money moves is also impossible, not to mention who receives the money is also impossible to intercept and stop. Governments really are powerless in this regard so trying to stop it really equates to giving the black market all the benefits of Bitcoin and having the government share in none of the benefits. Banning it means governments get no taxes from Bitcoin denominated sales, no economic growth, since all business in Bitcoin is illegal, government would also carry the huge cost of suppressing the currency within their borders, as well as the cost of moving users through the court system.
Banning it would be a complete cluster-fuck for government.
Banks OTOH would probably be squealing with delight.
But seeing how badly stretched over a barrel governments the world over are right now, I'm sure governments are more inclined to let Bitcoin sail in it's own waters unmolested, especially if it means taxes, economic growth, more jobs, etc. .
@_date: 2013-11-15 06:14:33
It's definitely an interesting take. I liken the Coinvalidation idea to seizing domain names of filesharing sites, about a decade later they are still no closer to shutting down the piratebay. That said, people/business are still very well trained to self-censor, case in point until wikileaks blew the afganistan war wide open, the media practically clamoured to selfcensor their reports on the "war on terror". Vigorously rejecting this might send the message to the feds that they are on the right track, even though such an approach is absurdly dumb, but I also think that if everyone capitulated and let it happen then it really could work. I still think Bitcoin would still grow and prosper if business embraced such an ass-backwards idea (maybe even moreso), but it would strip away one of Bitcoin's huge features, that being a user's privacy, and that is a heavy, heavy cost that could see the Bitcoin movement disperse before it gains critical mass to become an indispensable tool like the internet has become. It would become just one more tool of the elite, rather than an empowering tool for the poor and disenfranchised.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:00:52
Not even *I'm* that bullish...
@_date: 2013-12-08 07:16:43
Edit: Using a logical fallacy, to argue that my assertion is wrong is also a fallacy in itself,   
Besides you missed a clarification of the appeal to authority logical fallacy:


I will defer to those who have a better grasp of the financial environment over in china over someone that has none, yes. 
But since you think I'm skimming over r2pleasent, let me directly tear apart his points,


Chinese users have a degree of regulatory certainty now, this means many more businesses can operate with far more confidence rather than operating with the constant uncertainty that the Chinese government will crack down later. Black/grey markets will hardly be affected since there is zero control over face to face exchanges, and having KYC like controls will further insulate businesses from criminal culpability. What a user does with their Bitcoins after they get them, whether they use coinjoin, tumble, switch, etc. is completely beyond China's and the exchanges' control. It is a strawman argument, and frankly, I for one would be very uncomfortable with the idea that mafia/triads/whatever could have contract killing markets/human trafficking/drug running streamlined for them.


Once Bitcoin is used by businesses and individuals in a closed loop, this argument is worthless. Bitcoin will facilitate bypassing of currency controls regardless of China's efforts. If a Chinese person wants to circumvent currency controls via Bitcoin, no amount of tracking, marking, etc. will stop it.


OP clarified this best:








As you can see, businesses must step carefully rather than bullrush into Bitcoin now, like if you were selling a chemical that became classified as a controlled substance, you don't simply ignore the government's reclassification, you stop, think, then market it according to the new rules, hardly surprising, but the rest of the world chose to interpret it as a crackdown.


China has gone further than most regarding Bitcoin's legal standing, and it is extremely liberal regarding the laws. America pretty much stomped on Bitcoin in record time. Now all businesses are shackled to antiquated money sending business laws, multitudes of state legislation, exorbitant fees and bonds, with inevitably more legislation in the pipeline if the senate hearings are any indicator. It is a messy clusterfuck in America, thus why many businesses have been fleeing to Canada and others to avoid the stupidity. China's stance, is clear and unhindered by old financial legislation.
The likelihood of further legislation is unlikely, They've kept their existing currency controls intact, and given Bitcoin all the space it needs to grow a completely new financial system separate from the old one. It means the entrepreneurial space for Bitcoin got a huge green light where multitudes of new Bitcoin related businesses can grow unmolested by existing financial institutions, and it's old laws. What's more, Bitcoin has lost absolutely nothing compared to before because no big financial businesses or payment providers were using Bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2013-11-26 13:49:18
The public ledger, is simply a linked set of messages (the blockchain) that is a fully verifiable and independent copy on every node (usually anyone running an instance of bitcoin-qt or bitcoind) in the Bitcoin network. Approximately every 10 mins a new update (which updates the state of previous messages, commonly known as transactions people make) to the previous linked messages is sent by whichever node participating finds and creates a valid update first that everyone agrees on according to the network rules. This new message also contains newly created coins assigned to the creator that made the update (also known as a block).
Everyone (anyone running Bitcoin-qt or bitcoind) has a copy of this list of messages and can trace and verify every single update back to the original message that created the coins, this proves ownership according to the most recent update, and it also proves that the coins were created according to the network rules. To change anything more than several messages back is incredibly difficult because it means doing orders of magnitude more work for every message you rewrite. When everyone is creating updates according to the network rules, they only need to do a fraction of the work. To rewrite updates means to take on the full processing of the entire network to forge a single update AND create updates faster than the rest of the network. This is commonly known as the 51% attack, since if a malicious actor controls 51% of the network they have in essence full control of the network. Forging more than one message though is considered for all intents an impossible attack since even contemplating a 51% attack for one update is extremely hard, if not almost impossible at this stage.
The difficulty of doing such a thing is related to how many nodes and processing power is being used to create these updates. As the network is more used and coins are scarcer, the coins become more valuable and the reward for each update has become more valuable. This means more processing power is being thrown at creating these updates so it means someone trying to forge an update must match the existing processing power of the network with their own. Every additional update to be forged is more difficult still (this is why 5-6 updates is considered locked in stone). In the early days this was still a problem, but as more ASICs come online it is becoming more and more difficult for any single entity to do such a thing, pools (loose groups of individuals working together to share the profit since working alone meant less consistent income) were once a danger since the operator could potentially be a malicious actor, but this is less a problem now, and pool operators have demonstrated that to control the network endangers the very value they are trying to make profit from, other tools like p2pool allows pools to be created that are completely controller-less, so that in the worst case, people can create trustless pools and still get consistent profits.
All these aspects, create a completely autonomous and trustless network that can detect, deter, and dismiss anyone that tries to hack the ledger.
@_date: 2013-09-23 12:57:57
Financial apocalypse wouldn't mean infrastructural apocalypse. When a country goes bankrupt you won't see the power lines getting torn down or the drainage systems filled in. What's there is going to be there for years and years to come. Whether it continues to be maintained is a whole other story. The internet, like power, is still a vital means of communication. Like the power grid, it's not going away unless there is civil war in the streets. 
Global financial collapse would probably mean nearly every country is going to see recession, negative growth, and thousands upon thousands of businesses defaulting on loans. Money is going to probably become a toxic asset so people will probably flock to precious metals and virtual currencies like Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin has scaling "issues" shall we say, so I doubt it will be something average joes trade on the street, it will probably become a settlement system for much larger assets, meaning banks will probably hubs for securing people's Bitcoins much like money is today, but fractional reserve banking and such may be far far harder to fudge, if it comes to this scenario, I imagine more than one virtual currency is going to be flocked to as well (hell governments may even create copycat virtual decentralised currencies for banks' exclusive use based on slightly different algorithms), but more than likely Bitcoin will be the big one. 
How I think it would change life? Well for one, anyone holding more than a dozen coins will probably be millionaires, and anyone with significant holding will become Billionaires, easily. There would be a huge wealth transfer to large holders of coins, this may be great in the sense that the new wealthy elite are not the entrenched elite any longer but no guarantees there. I reckon though at this point Bitcoin probably won't see massive direct adoption, like gold, It may act as a way to back existing currencies, transparently and irrefutably. Some countries may enact forced confiscation much like America did for gold. 
Realistically, I doubt any such thing will arise, BUT I am very confident that Bitcoin is going to become far more popular than it is today and become a rival currency in it's own right.
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:31:11
I'm not so sure, all other currencies would inflate, but that inflation means there is less value in the dollars themselves, Bitcoin's value wouldn't shift, neither would Gold's so I'd have to disagree, the value of all other currencies would sink and it would cost more to buy Bitcoins, just like how it costs twice as much fiat currency to buy Gold compared to 2008.
@_date: 2013-02-14 08:55:39
It a contentious and ongoing discussion over whether the blocksize should be raised eventually, whether it should be removed entirely, whether it should remain as it is and hope alternate offchain transactions can scale up Bitcoin around the edges, or whether a sliding blocksize algorithm, much like difficulty is used to determine the correct propagation interval of 10mins/block, should be implemented (I'm for the latter alternative).
I've discussed it [here]( and had a nice long debate [here]( It's also been discussed on the bitcointalk forums [here]( 
I'm greatly in favor of a non-fixed blocksize that adjusts every difficulty period depending on the median size of blocks in that period, and whether the difficuly has raised or lowered in that period.
Such that:
    IF(Median(blocksize of last difficulty period) is within 10% of current max_block_size 
    AND new difficulty is **higher** than previous period's difficulty), 
        THEN raise max_block_size for next difficulty period by 10%
    IF(Median(blocksize of last difficulty period) is within 10% of current max_block_size 
    AND new difficulty is **lower** than previous period's difficulty), 
        THEN lower max_block_size for next difficulty period by 10% UNLESS it is less than the minimum of 1mb.
An algorithm similar to this would keep reasonable constraints on the blocksize in line with the capability of ALL the nodes that use the Bitcoin protocol, since it uses the propagation window as a sign of network health and only increases if the majority of miners are creating large blocks and that propagation of blocks across the network is not being slowed as a result of these large blocks. It is a conservative metric that only raises the max_blocksize marginally so only sustained propagation of large blocks will keep the max_block_size high. This would mean that strong miners can't manipulate the difficulty which could occur without some kind of limit on the blocksize and ensures priority on block propagation over blocksizes. Miners that make massive blocks that slows block propagation for the rest of the network's nodes will result in smaller max_block_sizes in subsequent difficulty periods, just like how massive amounts of computing power added to the network can distort the block propagation window by producing more blocks in a certain period, difficulty, and the block_size algorithm suggested here will correct against these types of imbalances.
Unfortunately I've heard no feedback whatsoever from my proposal on the bitcointalk forum so either, people have lost interest, or my proposal is so utterly and completely flawed they haven't even bothered acknowledging it :/
@_date: 2013-04-13 12:18:22
Title is a little misleading, this article was actually really good. Worth the read.
@_date: 2013-01-29 07:28:59
Unfortunately these arguments have been rehashed (pardon pun) to death. And usually crop up every 3-4 months. No snark here, it just gets tiring having to go over these same worn out arguments over and over again. 
Though the 51% control of the network is a valid attack vector, most only analyse the technological aspect rather than the scenario as a whole. Taking on this kind of attack is Manhattan Project stuff. It would be a HUGE cyber-warfare undertaking involving industry at all levels, would put a huge spotlight on Bitcoin, thus propelling it into the political spotlight and opening numerous other cans of worms in the process. 
Not, worth it.
@_date: 2013-10-04 13:40:15
This could be hugely ironic in that the US Government is now actually invested in seeing Bitcoin a major digital currency in the years ahead. The US government is now on the Bitcoin bankroll.
@_date: 2013-11-28 17:46:28
At the risk of sounding repetitive I will instead refer you to my previous comment here.  
@_date: 2013-11-06 04:22:27
TBH, the propaganda against Bitcoin over the last few years since the Silk Road came on the scene has been sustained, and staggering in it's bias, as well as it's complete lack of facts. If they couldn't drive people away in it's infancy then they have absolutely no hope of driving people away now with the same scare tactics.
You can only lie through your teeth for so long until the bullshit curtain gets pushed aside. The near constant negative rhetoric has not at all diminished the growth of the Bitcoin economy. It may have even done the opposite.
People very much are easily led, but they also see others making it big via Bitcoin. There are *lots* of people that still have no idea Bitcoin even exists, and there are absolutely going to be those that are more than willing to get off the couch (if they were even on the couch to begin with) that see not only the potential, but also want to follow in the footsteps of those that became successful/rich/debt-free/profitable/relevant after they started taking bitcoin seriously and started using it. Just remember, we are not simply talking about the unwashed idiotic, and obese couch surfing masses in the developed world, we are talking merchants that most banks consider too risky, mom and pop stores getting squeezed to death by relentless fees and charges in all corners of the globe, family members sending money home to their loved ones getting royally screwed by exorbitant fees, 3rd world users that have no hope of ever getting a bank account to do business overseas (System D), people in countries having the value of their money stripped away by inflation like in Argentina, or even worse the Cypress debacle. 
As pennyfx said.


For every country that tries to ban it, there will be another that will embrace it. A number of central European countries have already established that use of Bitcoin is legal. Australia considers it a foreign currency for tax purposes, Britain, Canada have let bitcoin alone until they get a better handle on the situation, even America has flat out in a number of documents and even judicial rulings stated that using Bitcoin is not illegal. Not a *single* first world country has immediately hit Bitcoin with the ban hammer. If anything the vast number of them are tentatively embracing it. And I can imagine that if America tries to roll in with the big guns telling other countries to "keep their hands off" of a digital currency they neither own, nor control, you're going to see LOTS of countries flex their sovereign muscles.
And that's because America is not exactly in everyone's good books at the moment.
@_date: 2013-07-03 13:01:35
I'm assuming the main reason is currency speculation. Since it is a stock it can be easily shorted and the management of the stocks is done by someone else so there is little to no involvement or effort on the investors end. I assume it's done with gold too, doing this with Bitcoin is only natural (and is probably an excellent fit for it too).
@_date: 2013-09-16 13:59:17
I remember when they only had 500, this is quite the impressive milestone.
@_date: 2013-03-11 07:47:42
Honestly, I think it's one of those things critics like to use to dissuade adoption of Bitcoin. They want to be right and since they haven't found any noticeable flaw in the system itself, they attack the economic grounds since its harder to verify-ably disprove. 
The fact is Bitcoin is not like other monetary systems that are all debt based. In debt based systems you *must* have inflation in order for the banks to continue lending to stimulate the economy. Lending is a foundational concept in the world's economies, without lending, existing debts can't be settled, the economies of the world stagnate and leaders get very, very upset because they have less power in the multinational arena. Countries are still playing the international game of king of the hill, and the financial system has been rigged this way because since time immemorial, all countries, at all times have been fighting. Inflation of the money supply is a way of taxing the people for extra value so they can continue fighting regardless of whether the people consent or not.
Bitcoin has a 0 debt system, a fixed supply, and hard limit on the amount of currency units that can ever circulate. This makes it unique since there is no way for countries to manipulate supply, it means there is no direct way to defraud the users of Bitcoin of value. The effects of this are similar to deflation since greater adoption as well as coins removed from circulation either through saving or misplacement, accrue in value. This makes it harder for governments to control people since people with more money have more options. That mortgage that would've taken 25 years to pay off with Bitcoin in 10 years time may get paid off far sooner than with fiat. These people have more assets, thus can push back against governments since they are less likely to be stretched over a financial barrel. People with less debt can change jobs easier, will be more involved in societies problems since they will have more time to be involved, and will be less stressed by financial burdens so will be less consumed by their own problems and more interested in others.
99.95% of people are chained to the existing financial system, to quote Morpheus from The Matrix:
["The Matrix is a system Neo, that system is our enemy, when you're inside what do you see? Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters, the very minds of the people we want to save, but until we do, these people are still apart of that system, and that makes them our enemy, you have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged, and many of them are so inerred, so helplessly dependant on the system, that they will fight to protect it."]( 
A little melodramatic I know, but it has a ring of truth about it. People suspect what they are unfamiliar with, and Bitcoin is hailed as a method to destroy, or at least greatly undermine existing, and entrenched financial understandings. A huge number of people have dedicated their lives to the existing financial system, so Bitcoin is a direct attack on that with they believe in. Naturally many will rail against it and use any justification, however flimsy to try and make Bitcoin go away. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:09:01
I like brainwallets from a functional aspect, but they are very bad IMO from a security aspect. Brainwallets have been hacked in the past, and users that want quick and easy are usually not those that are prudent with regards to the security of the brainwallet phrases.
@_date: 2013-10-02 15:42:53
Skimmed it.....
Edit: Not 100% sure, but this is [probably him]( (linkedin). I feel so sorry for him, educated, successful researcher.
Edit2: Just remember, this totally may not be him, but the indictment does specifically say that Ross Ulbricht of the same name on linked in so take it for what you will.
@_date: 2013-07-10 14:42:36
Traditionally hashrate follows price. The value of a Bitcoin has been slumping recently, and this means mining profit margins diminish, and less profitable miners leave, but given that an entire *crate* of Avalon chips are ready to be made into mining rigs, I'm guessing the chip owners will be making them regardless of the current hashrate. They won't simply be caseing manufacturing since there are still HEAPS of people that want mining rigs. And given BFL's reliability for getting miners out the doors, people will likely jump on any new mining hardware manufacturer that can fill the demand.
@_date: 2013-11-18 07:58:31




It's not really a catch 22, it's simply that the market is still young and confidence is still shaky, besides, sure there are savers buying up as many coins as possible, but *merchants* on the other hand still don't like holding Bitcoins for very long, and many hedge their risk by selling out immediately. For every saver, there is a merchant rushing to sell to get to a more stable currency. It also should be self evident that when the price rise, people are more inclined to spend, this is also a form of locking in value but it isn't seen as value leaving across exchanges, it simply recirculates back into the Bitcoin economy. 


I think accountability is a great thing, and yes there is slightly less privacy, but to say privacy is non-existent is a difficult assumption to justify, tiny transactions will get lost in noise, face to face transactions don't leave a paper trail, and there are probably many, many informal transactions across the net too. But taxes still need to be paid in dollars and right now I highly doubt you need (or will ever be required to) list every address/transaction you made over that tax period on your tax return. But big transactions however, unless meticulously divided and distributed, stick around. The big movements of money is what governments want to track, and don't forget, the lessening in privacy cuts both ways, not just business, but governments have the veil lifted. The DPR seizure means we get to watch what they do with that money. Government accountability at it's most raw. Banks that use bitcoins, will almost certainly get the same kind of scrutiny. Want to know if a bank/business is still holding your funds as they promised? Want to check if an escrow is still held? Bam, everyone gets to watch it on the blockchain.




I definitely welcome it for businesses, banks, and governments, but for people, I think this would be about as effective as making people registering serial numbers on paper money and coins, even harder in fact since the governments of the world have no jurisdictional control over Bitcoin, sure they can legally try to scare people into doing it, maybe mandate that any income in Bitcoins must be sent to an address they register with the government, but after that government control goes out the window, and this will definitely work for businesses, but forcing capital controls on people when you can't even control the money flow would be like herding cats. 
@_date: 2013-01-13 07:12:45
Great to see work continuing on the alternative clients. But Electrum is hardly an easy to use, buzzword, buzzword, buzzword client. 
The interface is barren, documentation is ... is there documentation? IMO Electrum is to Bitcoin-Qt/Armory what Arch linux is to Ubuntu. I tried Electrum on several occasions and ditched it every time as every time I wanted to do anything remotely outside the very narrow usage of the GUI client, I had to dive into the command line.
I hate to sound like I'm trashing the excellent work the developers have put into Electrum but I get irritated to my core when I hear a string of buzzwords, only to realise they only apply to developers that are more comfortable with the command line over a GUI.
People really should be saying:
* Electrum is great for low level Bitcoin users and developers.
* Electrum is almost useless for beginners.
@_date: 2013-05-04 07:34:26
No I wasn't aware of that. That certainly puts a different spin on things...
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:36:10
I believe micropayments are definitely going to be apart of Bitcoin, but how they will fit in as demand on the main blockchain increases is where I'm fuzzy. Mike Hearn has already helped code an implementation that uses Bitcoin for microtranactions, and could be used to pay for internet on demand in airports for example. But I think where micropayments will shine is in the online space for pay-as-you-use services. It's also possible that there will be many more offchain services that will handle microtransactions and then settle with the other party, much like Bitpay settles payments between two parties. It will probably be a combination of both. There is still much unrealised potential and possibilities in Bitcoin and it is still growing and innovating as it goes.
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:34:04
If we want to compare it to an evolutionary system, It entirely depends on the type of selection used, that determines it's strengths and weaknesses. If you can categorise the type of selection strategy that Bitcoin block generation emulates it would probably go a long way towards how valid each argument is.
I'm currently doing research in evolutionary learning, but I don't really want to give an opinon on what kind of selection strategy bitcoin block generation most closely relates to because frankly, right now I'm drunk.
I'd be interested to know how from a population perspective Bitcoin's characteristics affect the overall behaviour of the system, whether a greedy evolution strategy, elitist strategy, roulette strategy, etc. would affect the overall behaviour of the security of the system.
@_date: 2013-05-13 16:23:47
Yep, even more so in the last year. 
I remember a time where GPUs were only just being capitalised on and mining pools was still in the pipes, and ASICs were simply discussed as thought experiment along the lines of "I wonder if ASICS could be used to mine", now we have multiple (!!) companies rushing to manufacture them. I can remember when the reference client was the only client, and Satoshi was still kicking about the Bitcointalk forums :). 
It's the wild west right now, but back then, it was colonial times. Truly gob-smacking to see how quickly and drastically it has transformed over these three years. A lot of people whinge and complain that Bitcoin isn't improving fast enough, or it's not usable enough yet, or not easy to acquire yet. Suffice it to say it is easy to spot the new users ;)
@_date: 2013-03-08 17:39:48
I only noticed just as I posted it, but I figured, fuck it. I'm drunk and people know it :) the grammar nazis will forgive a drunk man that can still type. Oh yeah forgot to add...
Gavin! Top bloke, never met him in person but he's got a real sophisticastion about him, totally respectable kinda guy. Would follow the guy to the pit of doom. He might feel a little tired out after the multisig furore but i totally agreed with his judegment, he has a lot more support than he realises I thinks.
@_date: 2013-03-08 00:56:12
Fear will keep the larger systems in line...
@_date: 2013-08-13 08:02:49
Thanks for that eye-opening contrast. It makes the USG's motivations astonishingly clear when put into perspective like that. It's quite chilling when you replace Bitcoin or "virtual currencies" with the internet.
@_date: 2013-10-23 03:05:36


Yeah, I hate it when that happens...


I think that is a gross oversimplification. Mining with ASIC devices *could* have become an initial problem but as we have seen there is no restriction on who can develop and manufacture mining equipment. There is no monopoly on manufacturing, no monopoly on the algorithm for mining, no monopoly on talent, no monopoly on chip fabrication etc. There *could* have been a monopoly on hash distribution when only one or two players were on the scene, or if a huge government or corporation stepped in to crush mining competition, but that is in the process of being well behind us now.


The false dichotomy argument huh? Both options as you present them are irrelevant. The actual topic we are focussed on is the fact that :
* One "camp" wants to force an artificial monopoly on transaction space in blocks to drive up fees so that miners continue to mine to secure the network because they believe users must be coerced into paying higher fees otherwise they believe users will pay nothing, let their transactions ride on the block reward and miners will abandon mining since it will no longer be profitable. The classic TOTC BS.
as opposed to
* The other "camp" that wants to maintain a free market on fee negotiation on transactions because that is the fairest way for both parties while also maintaining a stable income for miners. At the same time they also recognise that only by allowing the block size to grow stably and sustainably in line with the capability of nodes on the network, can they preserve the powerful advantaqges that Bitcoin brings to money, (that being not needing banks to send/receive money and all the freedoms that go with that). 
So, what "camp" am I in? 
I'm in the preserving the powerful advantages of Bitcoin and making sure the sustainable and stable growth of Bitcoin continues long into the future camp.
@_date: 2013-07-26 18:40:29
Absolutely, I've actually stopped commenting almost entirely as a result. I am tired of hostile comments spouting some quasi-libertarian nonsense in my face when I am commenting civilly. (you know who you are "throwaway" users)
I used to be really active, helping users, debating how Bitcoin will fit in, I felt really engaged for a long while there, sometimes I'd spend hours discussing things and helping users get their feet, but after a string of abusive users thought this was their libertarian playpen, these "libertarian" users (they weren't Libertarian, they were just a-holes, so don't think I'm attacking actual libertarians here) started openly abusing my opinions and spouting political mantras in my face, I moved on. 
A shame really, was in the early days, a rather welcoming place.... unfortunately this is what happens when a group actively aligns itself with a political position, discussions breakdown and politics takes over rational discussion.
Edit: for those that are interested, this is what [thinks of us]( pretty sad, and a little disturbing. throwaway-o is also a regular on @_date: 2013-09-19 11:14:44
I believe that money laundering is simply a convenient political buzzword to ramp up public support for controlling people's money. If we really get down to it, governments only care about one thing, and that's **TAXES**. I'm sure most governments don't give a mouse shit about how money is used, but they DO care about squeezing taxes out of every living being to the point that it doesn't start a riot. The label money laundering is a overlapping to get the public onside whilst also enforcing something that is politically damaging, after all the public doesn't like crime, it hurts them and they want it to stop, governments use this overlapping term that covers both reducing crime AND thwarting tax evasion in splendid fashion while not politically damaging their image. What's more it gives them ample leverage to control where, what and how people use their money because, "we can't have the bad guys using their ill gotten gains in society otherwise it will encourage more crime".
It really is a brilliant political tactic to control people's money under the guise of "fighting crime" and doubles as routing out any person that evades paying taxes (which IMO is what they are really setting out to do).
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:11:46
I honestly hope that those that took the early plunge on Bitcoin in early 2010, that kept it chugging along until it got on it's feet get rewarded handsomely. Standing on the shoulders of giants we are :) , we simply would not be here without them. Here's hoping Satoshi no longer has any money problems.
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:28:24
Yishan mentioned that the revenue from Bitcoin subscriptions was not actually generating any revenue initially because of the initial costs, has this changed since integrating Bitcoin acceptance into the site? IOW is Bitcoin providing tangible revenue for reddit yet?
@_date: 2013-03-17 12:59:05
At first I was  :O , then I was &amp; 
Well played.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:39:05
I also have my reservations admittedly. OP hasn't fully explained how this would work so I'm sceptical atm. At the very least a piece of software that allows CPUs to solve research/medical computations for Bitcoins is still a fantastic idea that should be realised if there are people out there that were keen on using it.
@_date: 2013-10-21 09:46:00
Wow, looks like the guys at wired just went full retard. And you know what they say about people that go full retard.
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:34:43
You're only half right, but you are definitely on the right track.
Traditional money is debt money, and banks are the middleman that can issue credit (because governments say they can), but they also function to turn a profit, thus interest rates are what they use to turn money creation into a business. unfortunately they are in a constant cycle where they will never pay off the previous credit so it requires constant growth (something government love and banks tolerate, but pretty much fucks the people because they are the ones holding the bag at the end because the increased credit devalues the money they already hold, essentially meaning money is toxic and must be reinvested via loans thus repeating the cycle)
Bitcoin has no established debt. The Bitcoin system performs all the functions of a bank thus no profit making institutions are necessary to secure people's money, and saving is more effective than loaning because the effects of economic growth are bottom up (IOW those that use Bitcoins have their holdings appreciate in value, because as the bitcoin economy grows, becomes more stable and robust, as well as become more prosperous, so too does a person's bitcoin holdings, and this in turn has a feedback effect) rather than top down, where banks and governments can create money from thin air at will to "manage" the economy.
**BITCOIN IS FUCKING AWESOME, AND DON'T LET ANYONE TELL YOU OTHERWISE!!**
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:07:03
Bitcoin could very well result in a massive transfer of wealth away from the elite, banks and governments to many young people with fresh ideas, and the guts to try new things. It is an intoxicating feeling that we may very well be seeing a peaceful revolution systematically strip the powers that be, of their authority and bring the obscenely rich back down to earth.
Then again, the new wealthy may simply get trapped in the same wealthy elite mould. It's bound to happen to some, but hopefully not all.
@_date: 2013-02-22 08:39:48
It is supply and demand of a scarce resource that is regarded as having good qualities for value transfer. Those qualities being:
* Scarce. 21 million coins total. This is a network enforced rule.
* Fungible. Regardless of which Bitcoin they are all treated the same way.
* Durable. The ledger exists on decentralised nodes and so as long as the system exists, your coins can be used.
* Portable. Bitcoin wallets can be backed up, emailed, made into brainwallets. Take up for all practical purposes zero space, and can be completely obfuscated, even plausibly so.
* Divisible. To 8 decimal places
* Cognizable. Easy to recognise. This is slowly becoming a reality, but we are still in the early stages.
There are a few others, but they are less relevant to Bitcoin, like malleable, and uniform.
Because Bitcoin fits many of these qualities very well, it can be readily adopted as a store of value, and can be used to transfer value to others quite easily. The price of a single bitcoin is done through discovery on the free market. Originally only a few people used Bitcoin, and they held many of the originally generated coins. To acquire coins was originally very difficult, but early on they were only adopted by a few so it's recognizability was very low, this led to them initially being not very useful for value transfer, but they were also hard to acquire. The best way to acquire them was through mining. Mining had the added benefit of increasing security of the coins in circulation. This in a way had a feedback effect so that as more people acquired coins through mining the security increased, more people attained coins, thus increasing their recognizability and trust in the security of the currency, and from that leading to others wanting to get the coins to use them. 
The increase in recognisability created a demand for coins. Early on, unless you mined you couldn't get any. Eventually people were willing to exchange other currencies for coins rather than go to all the trouble of buying, and setting up a miner. This is when people were willing to trade fiat for bitcoins and this demand forced exchanges into existence.
Fast forward 4 years, up to then the issuance of bitcoins has been constant. 50 coins every 10 mins for 4 years. To ensure all the currently held bitcoins continue to hold value the network will incrementally slow the issuance to a trickle after many years. From November the issuance of coins was halved to 25 every 10 mins and this will continue happening every 4 years until no new coins are issued. This means that supply is in the early stages of slowing and the value of the coins will be determined purely by the people that currently hold them. As long as adoption slowly continues over the years, the value of Bitcoins will either remain constant, or rise. It huge numbers of people discover Bitcoins, (which is quite possible considering how few people know about them at the moment), then demand may skyrocket and prices will inevitably rise to meet that demand.
Other than these factors, the value of a bitcoin will be completely up to the free market. No single person of small group of people can control issuance, who gets the coins, or who can use the network. It depends on adoption, how useable it is as a form of value transfer, how well it can hold it's value, and how much trust people have in Bitcoin retaining these qualities over the long term.
@_date: 2013-10-25 14:49:03
You go you crazy bastard. :D I love how Bitcoin is actually making a visceral difference in the world. 
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:36:06
There are actually some things I can't buy *unless* I use Bitcoins. One being Casascius coins ;), totally anonymous VPN is also another. It's also extremely useful if I want to move funds between countries. Western Union can suck it. There's heaps of other uses, and many applications that haven't even scratched the surface of Bitcoin's potential.
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:14:12
Is the information any different to what we were told nearly a month ago? If not this is [old news](
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:10:58
This, I think, is about as close as it's ever gonna get to a revolution without violence, and I'm all for that if we can turn the financial system inside out using some lines of code, the subversion of the worlds infrastructure and the leverage of the world's discontent with the current system.
If the soviet system can fall under it's own weight, so can the world's financial machinations.
@_date: 2013-11-18 15:36:35
Seeing a huge shift of wealth would be amazing.
@_date: 2013-11-22 07:42:10
The thing is the floor has in the last two spikes resulted in a floor far higher than where the previous floor was relative to the initial price, 2011 the initial price was $1, the eventual floor was $2.00, 2X increase, april/may 2013 the initial price was $10.50, the eventual floor was $65, a 6X increase, the new floor from $65, could see an eventual floor that is far more than 6X, and keep in mind the trigger last time was liquidity issues so it is understandable it would retract significantly, but we are yet to see significant growing pains to cause a reversal, and it's still uncertain if this surge is simply pausing before going higher, or whether the correction is happening, or happened. I think $200, given the sentiment around Bitcoin at the moment is far, far to low. I've seen others make similar unrealisticly low predictions in the past and it simply hasn't happened. The Bitcoin economy and user base is undeniably growing and that growth translates to a higher price. Unless there is a serious problem that would see the Bitcoin economy stagnate, or retract, it is far more likely that Bitcoin will grow into the higher price rather than slip back. Additionally, the larger economy means it can also grow faster, so it may "grow into the price increase" as it were, far faster than many will expect.
Fascinating to watch all the same.
@_date: 2013-01-01 06:27:12


I agree that they can refuse to include transactions but they can't control the longest chain completely just by having more than 51% hashing power. Bitcoin doesn't work like that. It is based on statistical probability as well as use of the same blockchain. 51% hasing power means there is a 51% chance that every block mined will be created by this hostile agent/government/organisation etc. They won't add blocks faster than all the other miners since they refuse to add other miner's blocks that are broadcast. This will immediately result in a hard fork of the blockchain. Hardforks mean the difficuly for both chains will remain the same so it is obvious that the hostile agent obviously does not control the original chain, simply forked the chain. Difficulty only gets ramped up if everyone shares the same chain and since they refuse to include other miner's blocks they are forked and creating blocks no faster than the other network (Edit: actually the original chain will also be including the forked chain for a time and . If they hope to have any hope of dominating the blockchain they must accept other miners' blocks, and doing so simply means that transactions take longer to process since only half the operating network is including them. I have already explained this in the past in exhausting detail so if you are dead keen on me being "wrong" that's cool, but I'm pretty sure you aren't taking all of Bitcoin's behaviours into consideration. Maybe I am "wrong" but you need to be clearer on why.
If you are familiar with "Mystery Miner", for a while there this was exactly occuring (and may well still be occuring, I haven't checked to see if mystery miner is still going or shut up shop). Blocks were generated with a significant hashrate (15% of the entire network at the time if I recall), yet no transactions were ever included. This even slowed transaction inclusion by a tiny amount, and people on the bitcointalk forums were discussing this for a time because they were unsure what impact it may have had down the line.
* [discussion](
* [first observed](
* [more discussion](
As an aside, if a hard fork occured under these circumstances, I'm sure you understand that the community would very VERY swiftly ensure the correct blockchain were switched to and that some soft mechanisms were put in place to ensure it wasn't as easy to do that the next time around.
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:40:52
Unlike the governments/ultra rich of the world we currently live in, in a Bitcoin system, they can only do it once.
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:44:20
If it's any consolation, I've been into Bitcoin for years, told my friends/family, etc. but none took me seriously until they saw it in the paper or the news. It sucked, but most people need what's called social proof, IOW, they need a leader, a person of authority to tell them what to do. I was, and still am disgusted by this, to see friends I've known for 10+ years, outright reject my arguments, only later to come back after seeing it in the news agree with me.
But like I said, on the up side, you are an early adopter, and early adopters that save in Bitcoin get rewarded.
So start saving :), and if you can, contribute to the Bitcoin economy any way you can.
@_date: 2013-11-13 17:16:22
Indeed, it signifies that confidence in the value of a bitcoin is stronger than those that are trying to acquire them, thus buyer are capitulating to higher prices than sellers.
It's a strong sign that the Bitcoin ecosystem is becoming more robust and that wider adoption is consolidating at the earlier levels.
@_date: 2013-02-27 00:57:38
I'm not really saying that Bitcoin is not a monetary system per se, I'm saying it shouldn't be *solely* classified as a currency. Just like TCP/IP acted as a foundation for email, www, and a multitude of different uses, so too does Bitcoin act as a medium for not just money, but commodities, decentralised timestamping for voting systems et al., stocks management aka coloured coins, smart property. It is a foundational system that can facillitate so many different uses, and not just one for value transfer, even though that may be it's primary and intended use at the moment. 
Just calling it money is a gross generalisation when Bitcoin is capable of so much more than that.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:30:41
Stop selling the idea, start using.
You are not a salesman, use bitcoin to buy your next laptop, then when someone says "oh nice machine, where did you buy it?", simply respond I bought it at XYZ with Bitcoin, or whatever. People need tangible results. Don't even begin to explain the how, or the whats, if they are curious, they will ask, if not they probably would never be convinced in any case. People have a strong resistance because on the surface it looks like a scam and because they don't have the social proof yet to simply go with the crowd. 
On the up side, you are an early adopter and if you save some as you spend some, it is entirely likely you will reap the benefits of foresight while everyone else catches up. :)
@_date: 2013-11-12 07:06:43
Unfortunately I can't eat money, nor can it keep me warm, or shelter me from the elements, so I guess unless I have a stable job (hopefully one that *also* pays me in bitcoins) that earns more money than I can ever possibly need, I'll be spending some of my coins eventually.
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:18:31
True, we can only go by the info on the official documents, there may be more.
@_date: 2013-09-12 05:56:11
I can't help but agree. I have yet to see a use case where mastercoins are of far greater utility compared to Bitcoins themselves.
Much like ripple promised the world, and delivered next to nothing, I'm afraid many people are going to be taken on yet another ride to endsville.
@_date: 2013-12-26 16:47:06
That was a pretty "shitflinging by troll" type post. Thanks for that.
@_date: 2013-02-19 08:09:38
In the reference client there is already mili bitcoins (mBTC) which is 1/1000th of a bitcoin, and micro bitcoins (μBTC) which is 10,000th of a BTC or 1,000th of a mBTC. I personally think milli and micro is confusing, also micro is not easily represented so there is a possibility this will change in the future as a different representation, but at the end of the day nothing is set in stone. There is every possibility that a different representation of smaller denominations of Bitcoins will emerge in the future.
@_date: 2013-03-16 15:27:03
I'd put my hand up, but frankly, I need to be on less, not more :)
@_date: 2013-09-19 14:58:48
This is rather offtopic, this should be in no?
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:27:59
Also, we've had *very* significant tests to the price over the last two months. If it was going to crumble under a purely speculative bubble, it would have. Multiple times.
I worry a bit, as we all should, we should all be healthily skeptical of any new price surge, but I'm not panicky-worried.
@_date: 2013-04-06 05:55:02
LTC actually incentivises criminal acts by making it feasible to hijack networks for mining. Every pro-litecoiner seems to want to gloss over this fact. Pisses me off no end.
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:09:07
You should have seen the learning curve 2 years ago, it was damn near an exponential curve. Compared to back then cold wallet security is lightyears ahead, and it's getting better by the day.
@_date: 2013-11-30 15:15:42
I think meinestrasse has the right idea, though 50% is a bit extreme. Offer discounts in Bitcoin is the simplest strategy, and maybe offer other benefits when paying in Bitcoin. Gyft has been offering bonus points for buying their gyft cards AND giving buyers a 3% discount when paying in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-01-14 02:47:06
I guess I'm seeing it from a certain perspective. I consider creating a deseeded wallet and offline transactions to be something a beginner can do too, it *should* be a simple use case, just like sending/receiving. Beginners should never have to compromise on security just to make it easy to start using Bitcoin IMO. It's like showing them how to use an accelerator and brake on a car but never explaining they should ALWAYS be wearing a seatbelt. Functionally, drivers will only appreciate the seatbelt when it is needed in the worst case scenario, likewise beginners, right off the bat should know how to make deseeded watching only wallets right off the bat, likewise with offline transactions. It is IMO vital, to get them using Bitcoin as safely as possible, as early as possible. That way I will stop having to hear about the tragic stories of *yet another* novice user losing their coins because their machine was compromised, then blaming/hating on Bitcoin as a result. This is why I consider Electrum unsafe and not suitable for beginner users, a power user can use Electrum safely, but beginners are going to be driving without a seatbelt thinking they've done everything right, right up until the rug is pulled out from under them. It is especially aggravating to know the functionality for safe usage of Electrum is right under the hood but is never seen by novice users. Thats why I said in my previous post that Electrum practices minimalism to a dangerous and disturbing extreme. Hiding these things for the sake of brevity is dangerous. Armory can get even novices up to speed on watching only wallets incredibly fast, even blockchain.info has the ability to use watching only addresses, brain wallets, and the ability to broadcast [offline transactions]( (though usability is far from there yet).
I agree your interface is abstracting away unnecessary detail and it's good for that, so don't think I'm criticising your interface in particular, though I think detail shouldn't be locked way either, context menus, tooltips, (double/right)clicking/hovering information to reveal contextually relevant detail/functionality would also be very beneficial too. My main issue with Electrum though has always been safe and easy usage of it's security features within the GUI at all experience levels.
@_date: 2013-03-21 06:58:21
Look up Pirateat40.
Please don't do the greedy thing and give criminals your money when you could have sat on it and had the value increase by 1200% over a year. &lt;-- and yes that is correct, BCS&amp;T took most deposits when 1BTC = $5 USD.
@_date: 2013-10-28 14:06:23
Too soon? Pffff! Merchant's barriers to entry into the Bitcoin space must be lowered somehow. Brick and mortar shops are prime candidates for such a device, as well as farmers markets, mobile shops, catering vans, etc. If this thing makes it braindead easy to accept payments then the demand will increase for such things.
This may be early, but usability shouldn't just happen for users, merchants need love too!
@_date: 2013-11-24 11:13:03
Wouldn't this simply be handled by a clearly defined refund policy? If the customer doesn't agree on the terms, then the customer simply refuses to do business and goes elsewhere. This means the merchant can't dictate unreasonable terms since Bitcoins means more profit with less risk on their end. It's in their interest to negotiate fair refund terms in case the merchant fails to deliver.
Hopefully as Bitcoin's value smooths out over time this will be less of an issue.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:17:54
The holograms sparkle like magic! 
@_date: 2013-10-20 06:17:42
The search bar is your friend ;)
@_date: 2013-02-02 16:24:36
I understand there is far less risk using a stratum server, compared to, say, a hosted wallet. But privacy wise, a server watches all your transactions, it will get to know which addresses are connected to which IP, no? It's less secure than a full node that broadcasts thats for sure. Say a server is put up to specifically sniff addresses with high balances so it can zero in on the machines that are more likely to yield private keys with large funds. Maybe you're savvy enough, but 99% of users don't know how to protect themselves against this, or simply don't care.
Unfortunately new users want it all, and Bitcoin clients as they stand now simply can't deliver. Armory IMO has the best balance, sure you must sync the blockchain, but you can easily do everything else and its *safe*. You should at least try Armory, to blindly push one client without comparing it to the other is rather biased. I've gone out of my way to try as many clients as possible:
* Old Satoshi client
* bitcoin-qt
* blockchain.info
* armory
* electrum
* multibit
* coinbase
* strongcoin
Offline transactions is still by far the safest way to use coins, and Armory does it masterfully, so don't knock it till you've tried it.
@_date: 2013-11-29 11:45:39


I'm not talking now, I'm talking 10 years from now. These "dudes are sitting on piles of magic internet money" don't need to cash out, they are not within the influence of bankers and politicians. They no longer need to ask for permission to spend their money, no do they need to ask for permission to transfer money to any other person in the world. I think it is you that is naive to think that the Bitcoin rich will simply waltz back into the old system, after the new system has given them such massive monetary freedom. Do you think the unbanked third world are going to earn Bitcoins then cash them out to open bank accounts? Do you think Argentinians are going to earn Bitcoin and transfer them back to their increasingly worthless local currency that can't even leave the country? Do you think countries that are refused paypal services are going to exchange back from Bitcoin so they can use paypal again? Do you think someone will earn Bitcoins and convert them back to cash so they can use Western Union with all it's shitty fees so they can send them back home to family?
I think it is you that is high and naive to think the disadvantaged, after gaining such freedom with Bitcoin, are simply going to go back to 
the old system so they can be abused all over again.


No, it means people's dollars that are changed to Bitcoin are gaining value, while the wealthy's dollars slowly lose value. It has nothing to do with rich people buying massive amounts of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:19:24
You ignore the other side of speculation, speculative highs means a greater chance of profit taking, so it works both ways, Bitcoin is not a rocketship, it is a rollercoaster. If you speculate you're a fool or you have heaps of money to gamble, besides speculative highs in themselves draw new people's attention and thus more users, to the currency. ATHs in themselves also help to spur growth. Higher market capitalisation open Bitcoin to bigger markets. With more value, it also means people have more money in their pockets to spend, and if more people have more money to spend in Bitcoin, merchants will want to try and capture more sales. Sure they'll convert it straight back to fiat, but it's still Bitcoin growth. Bitcoin's utility will grow as more merchants adopt Bitcoin and this makes Bitcoin more valuable because it can be used at more shops. People are finding less and less reason to "cash-out", why cash-out when you can simply buy the things you want in Bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:58:33
Wow, blast from the past. It's interesting recalling how fringe Bitcoin was back then. Still is kind of fringe, but the landscape is so different. Buying stuff with Bitcoin was so limited compared to now.
Can't wait to see how different things will be in another 3 years.
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:21:46
Dude, he has literally 20 posts (I counted them). It's either a puppet account or someone of little to no substance, he thought investing in Pirateat40 was a *good* idea.
The guy obviously does not have his head on straight.


Nice one, I guess you put me in my place right there.
Edit (for clarity):


What evidence do you have of any threat? I explicitly said:


And you are playing exactly into OP's hands by second guessing yourself and making your decision making purely emotional, any kind of paranoia-fuelled speculation is simply exacerbated by OP's trash. People need to ignore ifs, buts, maybes, and every little bit of trash that someone else happens to pick up, otherwise peoples decisions simply become an emotional trainwreck. Yeah, the market is small, so don't invest, use it for what it is good for, short term value transfer, if you are sitting on many thousands in such an immature market, you deserve everything that is coming to you, whether that be a huge payoff, or being left with nothing more than your shirt on your back.
@_date: 2013-03-08 19:53:07
Be aware that Darwin's theory of evolution got accepted the same way. Those younger impressionable minds were exposed to the theory of evolution early, and then entered positions of power in society.
You are indoctrinating (in a good way) fiscal principals into them they will probably carry into adulthood :D
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:04:35
As I understand it Bitcoin was not meant to replace fiat.
It was meant to replace banks, and IMO, I think it has a very strong chance of doing so.
@_date: 2013-11-26 02:00:33
It still needs some intrinsic usefulness before people will simply agree to use it, so it has to have good properties at the beginning that make it a good medium for money, but Bitcoin goes even further than having good properties for being a money, it is self reinforcing in the sense that the more people that use it, the more secure it becomes as more miners stand to gain more profit as the value of Bitcoin goes up in value. It's also completely trustless regarding verifying transactions, and has properties that make it excellent for other purposes, like escrow, crowdfunding, microtransactions, etc. Multiple industries are encapsulated in a single protocol so these tools give it value in itself.
@_date: 2013-11-12 14:37:50
Still beating a dead horse I see....
@_date: 2013-02-26 05:55:26
It begs the question. Is he aware of Bitcoin? Because I think he would be stoked to hear of an online currency emerging that shares so many parallels with his. I searched his [twitter feed]( and there was no mention of it, maybe someone might like to let him know his fantasy is becoming reality.
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:12:45


It means, look to the future and act with purpose now, instead of letting yourself get consumed by regret over things you should have done 20 years ago.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:57:13


What you seem to be looking for is a fictitious scenario that breaks with what would logically happen in the real world.
Your scenario equates to this, Eg. Someone finds a way to trigger a launch of russia's nuclear arsenal (IOW the missiles are already flying), what is the USA going to do to prevent that same trigger from affecting them?
That's very similar to what you are trying to hypothesize and then you try to force a scenario where the world actually gives a damn about said trigger, while all major cities in the world vaporise.
No-one would care about the hypothetical attack because the consequences of such a scenario are magnified to the extent that the trigger is far and beyond anyone's concern since the **world is on fire**.
To bring it back to Bitcoin, if, hypothetically an attack on Bitcoin's cryptography rendered it's security incredibly weakened such that given a reasonable amount of resources the private keys to coins could be found, the cryptographic security of whole world will be in crisis. Bitcoin will be dead until it is fixed, IOW wipe the value off, once the news is confirmed. The world's banks will be in crisis, much of the internet will be rendered unsecure, or even worse, non-functional, any/all online commerce will essentially tank, the stock market **WILL CRASH**, gold/silver/practically anything material will skyrocket in value as people panic to move assets to physical commodities, military around the world will (if they are smart and had planned ahead for such a scenario) resort to plan B security to bypass the breaches, but in general, it will be fucking chaos.
The world will be in meltdown. No-one, not the devs, me, or even the most bullish user will give a shit about the Bitcoin network. If (and it would be a HUGE if), the internet still functions then *maybe*, bitcoin has a chance to conduct some damage control. If we're (really, really, really) lucky, and the breach hasn't resulted in a full breach, devs may pick up the pieces and restart the blockchain using a new algorithm, but if the blockchain is already breached, it would be impossible to recover. 
Not that it would matter, the world's financial system, economies, military, internet and social fabric, would be in utter melt down. 
Really, if, what you hypothesized came to pass, no-one would give a shit about the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2013-10-07 01:05:51
Nice, for me the radio silence on your project has been deafening. Every couple days I wonder if the project has ground to a halt or whether it was just a pipe dream that never got footing. I for one am incredibly keen to see what you guys have been cooking up behind the scenes. Good to hear things are still on track. 
@_date: 2013-03-14 18:28:06
Indeed, research is in order for OP. We are not a free consultation service. That said, tip me $25USD/comment and I'll answer any question you have to the best of my ability.
@_date: 2013-11-08 17:24:02
Please don't use bitaddress, I've [commented on this in the past]( it is a very, very bad idea. Use a deterministic wallet such as one created by electrum or armory (they may take time to setup and there is a learning curve, but you'll thank yourself for going to the extra effort). They are super simple to backup and restore, safe, and keeps your funds private. bitaddress.org is for users that have a sound understanding of how bitcoin functions, you could lose your coins if you don't use them properly. bitaddress is *still* an online service and though the source is open, it is probably even more susceptible than even webwallets. **Don't risk it!**
Other client options are multibit, or the original Bitcoin-qt client. They don't have deterministic easy to backup paper wallets but they still have simple backup functionality and are useful alternatives. *Please* don't store significant funds on a web-based wallet. 
@_date: 2013-03-12 03:52:02
I agree, I shake my head at those that have panic sold, in the last half hour. They obviously didn't even find out why things went wrong in the blockchain, they just jumped like mice hearing a sudden noise. Just goes to show there are still many novice traders/holders that have probably overreached in their investments *yet again*. :/
And yes all those that arrived late have a chance to get some bargains as those coins move from weak hands to strong :).
@_date: 2013-12-01 05:43:33
Glad to hear you're taking security seriously. And that paranoia is definitely not misplaced. Making/buying a dedicated offline machine is a good start, also look into Armory. Requires more setup, but it's great at what it does. Electrum is much more lightweight and simpler, but is not necessarily more intuitive. For the love of god don't try storing them on a web wallet.
I personally use Armory, it is somewhat difficult to setup, but incredibly safe and has an excellent interface.
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:15:00
Speeding up the flow of money is good for only one thing.
This is why I think the deflationary argument is paraded around as "bad".
Banks also benefit hugely from increased money flow, it means they can make more loans, which in turn dilutes the money supply and compounds the inflationary problem.
@_date: 2013-11-26 07:40:36
People have been saying that for 4 years now, and fads typically last 3.5 years, so I guess this is pretty much it, we've plateaued. /s
People that write stuff like this obviously don't understand Bitcoin's underlying technology or the ramifications of the type of money Bitcoin has introduced.
I thought we were mostly past this blind stupidity. Oh well, I guess there's still lots of people that will waste time catching up.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:14:14
Interestingly, a massive number of the really high balance addresses are all very fresh. It's only when we get to the several thousand mark (around  we find really old addresses like:
198aMn6ZYAczwrE5NvNTUMyJ5qkfy4g3Hi 8000BTC year 2009
15Z5YJaaNSxeynvr6uW6jQZLwq3n1Hu6RX 7,941BTC year 2010
13uraL1Maba7obbhkdB4pjsqMyvqrcTeeD 7,911BTC year 2011
and even from there on the instance or really old addresses is few and far between. I think it's safe to assume the large holders are "believers", or these are funds accrued by recent users/companies that didn't simply get a free ride on coins worth a few cents. I'm certain some of the older addresses that haven't been accessed in years are likely lost/forgotten funds, but it seems most large balances are fresh. I think the number of big sellouts is definitely in the process of dwindling. There are still old stashes being rediscovered on old hard-drives, but this kind of thing can't last forever.
One good thing about sellouts is that sellouts can only do it once. Then the market readjusts and continues on. As the market gets bigger this will be less and less of a problem.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:10:54
Only risk what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-03-22 17:10:47
Not at all, Bitcoin is "antifragile" ;). I for one welcome all valid, reasoned criticism against Bitcoin. It for one hones my debating skills, and also opens my mind to new avenues of thought that may ultimately make bitcoin stronger. 
I say bring it! :D
@_date: 2013-07-17 05:11:01
Happy cakeday dude, I hope Satoshi is proud of what he has spawned too. ;P 
@_date: 2013-05-17 15:32:44
I am not the Bitcoin dev group and am not arrogant enough to try and explain what many people spent months discussing. In either case I'm not going to bother risking a misstep in explaining so that you can gleefully tear me apart for your own amusement. Nor am I going to bother wasting yet more time and effort re-covering yet again the same arguments that were already discussed in the bitcointalk forums. I'm also not going to bother with someone that is already sold and invested in the notion that &gt;1mb max_block_size == bad.
You've shown about as much character and integrity as when Luke when went behind Gavin to spruik his alternative to multitransaction implementation for the Bitcoin network. 
Have your smoke and mirrors, I'll be in the Bitcointalk forums.
FYI everyone, the [thread regarding the video](
@_date: 2013-02-12 17:46:51


This assumes everyone bought coins at approximately the same value. Some bought coins when they were cents, they are out there, and there are also those that have no interest in hoarding and will simply sell to make the largest profit in the shortest amount of time.
So, what about those that were holding coins before it ever started rising? Bicoin encourages those to spend by injecting a very healthy dose of value into coins that were initially worth far less, these people that initially bought much, much lower, have a different price point at which they will spend compared to the newer hoarders, and will likely spend much sooner, hence offsetting, or at least dampening the price spike.
The financial ecology of Bitcoin, if you can call it that, is far different to debt based fiat systems, so I think these assumptions you make are made about a system that is not fully understood, neither by you, nor I.
@_date: 2013-11-07 15:02:32


I have noting against those that buy to save/invest. The lesson most people continually ignore is that they buy as everyone else rushes to buy, and usually all at once rather than dollar cost averaging, and inevitably there are those, in their exuberance that buy Bitcoins with money that they can't afford to lose. IOW, they get greedy. Then when the price slumps and they've bought near the top they panic sell for far less than they bought at. It's not good for them, but they blame Bitcoin anyway and unfortunately people seem to be terribly consistent at following this trend. Even when shown that the price has experienced huge volatility in the past.
Nothing wrong with making a profit, and absolutely nothing wrong with investing in Bitcoin in the hopes it goes up, but people, especially in this kind of situation get greedy.
@_date: 2013-03-25 13:40:32
No, you're good, OP is simply thinking statically. OP thinks the userbase will remain fixed, and that scarcity due to subsidy halving, increased adoption (which means more transactions), and more saving will not increase the price.
We've already seen what happens when the subsidy halves, miners that don't remain profitable switched off, allowing other miners to remain viable. As the scarcity of Bitcoins became apparent due to the halving, they've become more valuable, this coupled with increased adoption has meant the value increase has more than compensated miners that switched back on or stayed in the game.
Subsidies will be around until 2140 so they're hardly going away in our lifetime, this just gives people time to adopt Bitcoin in the mean time so that fees discovery can be found as scarcity/adoption exerts itself.
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:48:44
Don't worry the obstinate anti-bitcoin crowd will vainly try to twist it to mean that "the currency isn't being used" if Bit-pay adoption increases, and if Bitpay adoption isn't used while commerce in Bitcoin grows they'll claim that "too many people are 'hoarding' bitcoin, so it is no good as a currency", or some pointless garbage.
I think in 2014 we can expect the shrillness of the naysayers (and media too) to reach a fever-pitch in the coming months as Bitcoin continues to grow.
I can't wait to see these people foaming at the mouth and getting hysterical in their denouncement of Bitcoin as it continues to honey badger it's way through their arguments.
@_date: 2013-12-24 15:20:19
Indeed, If it is a "bitcoin-killer", the blockchain, in all likelihood, can be migrated to the obviously superior system. If the cost of disruption compared to the benefit massively leans toward it still being beneficial, then there is the possibility it will be adapted/adopted to use the superior system. PoW could be left behind, ASICs could be left behind, even the encryption algorithms could be supplanted, as long as the ledger remains intact, Bitcoin could continue to evolve.
It's incredibly unlikely it would have to but it is possible.
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:41:24
Dollars break down to cents, thus 1 dollar can be broken down to 100 cents, likewise with Bitcoin. 1 bitcoin can be literally broken down to 100,000,000 individual monetary units, also affecionately known as a satoshi (named in honor of the creator of the software).
A "bitcoin" is simply a denomination for people to keep track of how much money they are handling, rather than calling it 100,000,000 satoshi. Same as we use a "grand" for 1,000 dollars, etc.
If it still sounds confusing then consider this, 1 USD can be bought using 97 JPY. Each are monetary units that are commonly used for comparison and each has a value relative to each other. 
1 XBT = 200 USD
1 USD = 97 JPY
1.00 JPY = 0.0222406 BRL (brazillian real)
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:09:17
lol! :D
Put it to good use ;)
@_date: 2013-11-13 03:40:08
[I see you are still invested in Bitcoin]( Still incredibly risky, but yep, for you the risk paid off this time. I'm glad you are using your experience as a cautionary tale for others. I can only hope that when it hit 60 USD after the run to 266 you had at least moved your initial investment of 30k out of Bitcoin and simply held onto the rest.
As always, do not risk more than you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:34:07
The simplest answer is that we are still very firmly in the innovator phase. Though the technological foundation is sound, there are still kinks in the Bitcoin network to sort out, no clear legal status in any but a few smaller countries yet, banks are still largely hostile, businesses have no clear tax rulings, etc.
Once most of these are surmounted, expect early adoption to begin. Only the fringiest, riskiest, most daring of people and Businesses aqccept Bitcoin ATM. But I'm certain once legalities are settlet, expect silicon valley et al. to start dropping significant funds on this technology.
We just aren't there yet, and may take a few years before it happens. In the mean time all the small businesses get a huge head start. And *that* is hardly a bad thing.
@_date: 2013-11-13 15:30:56
So, how hard are you partying OP? (photos or it didn't happen ;P )
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:22:46
Unfortunately you fail to see the difference between the two. One group of people are using a debt based currency that secretly devalues the currency, force-feeds growth through inflation, and cripples economies as it tries to keep up with itself.
The other is non debt-based, consolidates growth in the existing currency circulating, *doesn't* strip value from the people that use it as the economy that establishes around it grows, and is far, far better at making economies grow stably, and sustainably.
Which do you think Bitcoin is?
@_date: 2013-10-30 04:56:57
TBH, I don't in all seriousness think the value has ever "crashed". It has certainly spiked and corrected, but it *always* levels out far above the value, pre-spike. 
Spike/dip, surge/correction certainly, but not really boom/bust or crash. People just refer to it like that for dramatic effect. People *love* drama.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:52:57
I'm probably gonna get downvoted to hell, but I want to inject some sanity here.
Greed is a human trait and it doesn't matter which kind of money we use, we will exploit it to the utmost for personal gain. I firmly believe that no matter how altruistic our actions may seem, it in some way will be done so that we gain something in return. Bitcoin just happens to exploit our greed in ways that help promote seemingly altruistic behaviour that just happens to benefit all of us. I won't sugar coat it with semantics or romantic ideology.
We're greedy.
It just so happens that right now the banks are the greediest and their greed only helps a small clique of elites. Bitcoin works to help spread wealth, via our own greed in ways that works to benefit every person that uses Bitcoin.
I personally DO want Bitcoin to succeed because I believe banks and the current financial system is evil, broken, and is a major factor in why the world is in the state it is in right now (a really fucked up state), but I'm still also here because I want to make money, shit-tons of it if possible, for me, and the people in my life. It just so happens that Bitcoin helps serve both of those ends.
People in it for the money are an inevitable consequence of Bitcoin's success. Fortunately because Bitcoin's valuation is determined by the free-market there will be spikes and dips like we've seen to thump sense into those that think gambling the house is a sound strategy when it comes to speculating with Bitcoin. If the near constant warnings from the community of not risking more than you are willing to lose isn't heeded, the free market will take care of them.
Selflessness and money do not go hand in hand, but doing good and having money is possible. 
So I say this. 1. Make money. 2. Do good with it so that you can make more money. 3. Repeat.
@_date: 2013-09-18 14:24:54
I have heartening [news]( we only need 10% of the population to adopt Bitcoin before it tips the scales to full adoption. That means that last 70% will follow like the sheep they are, all we need to do is focus on that first 10%. :)
@_date: 2013-04-04 16:43:06
I indeed hope so, the last month or so has been like I've been having constant "deer in the headlights" moments. :) Seeing the price level out for even a *week* would be wonderful, but the price continues to surge upward. The memory of June 2011 is a constant reminder that nothing goes up and simply stays up. I also constantly draw myself away from the "it's different this time" trap too. Call me a pragmatist but I hope we at the very least continue to get challenges to the surges in price and that there are some corrections along the way, even if it is just to curb everyone's enthusiasm. 
@_date: 2013-09-23 10:32:54
As opposed to 100% right now you mean? I'll admit it is a trade off (pardon the pun), but the alternative as evidenced right now is a site getting driven out of the anonymous trading space by governmental regulation compared to a slower performing trading platform free of government intervention. It has definitely worked for the drug world and it has definitely established itself as a reputable site. Considering it is far less illegal compared to drug trading and many securities were operating under pseudonymity anyway, I think this is definitely possible.
@_date: 2013-10-30 07:47:37
[Karma can be redeemed for internet monies!]( go forth my glorious bretheren and use that well earned karma for your own selfish ends!
Check out  for more info.
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:16:29


You could up the security using a live CD that you are certain is clean, though this probably isn't going to be as usable with Armory since it would be difficult to create a transaction with the blockchain needing to be downloaded each time, or depending on blockchain files that may be infected (highly unlikely though).
Electrum OTOH may be maturing enough with offline transactions being recently integrated into the GUI that you could boot up an online machine using a live CD, install Electrum, load on your deseeded brainwallet, craft a transaction, copy the transaction to a formatted usb key that is only ever used with the offline machine and the online machine that uses the live CD, sign offline, and transmit online. Opportunities for malware could only happen while the liveCD is being used and if you formatted the usb drive each time the attack vector becomes even narrower.
@_date: 2013-03-08 18:49:14
and Aaron Schwarz.
@_date: 2013-12-12 15:46:08
Been there for the mocking, also been there for the patient listening and and subsequent patronising dismissal. 
Now when I tell them about Bitcoin there's no mocking or dismissal, because they know they acted like idiots and were manifestly wrong.
I also never encouraged them to invest, which is good, covered my arse when the price plummeted a number of times, but it's also disappointing in the sense that some of my more moneyed friends could have made a small fortune, even if they had only dropped a few hundred dollars back in the day.
I guess being right will just have to do :)
@_date: 2013-05-10 13:40:10
OK, 1/22nd (4.5%) of the population of the entire world can now buy their gorceries, household items, etc. with Bitcoin from leading US retailers through an already existing service instead of using their native USD currency. The USA being the third largest country by [population size in the world]( 
The criteria you are using to define "success" is IMO misplaced. The way you make it sound we will need 100% market saturation before we fly the "Mission Accomplished" flag. Though I will certainly admit Bitcoin has at least 5+ years to go before we can say it is definitively a success, I would still unequivocally say it is succeding as a currency.
@_date: 2013-11-22 06:55:17
I've heard this far too many times to take take it seriously any more. When it hit 1$ I *also* said to myself, "thats far too high, I'll wait for it to go back down before I buy more".
I now know I'm a fucking idiot.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:20:58
Actually no, people that are selling are pegging their goods according to fiat, then checking the exchanges for the price they think I should pay. They get to demand the price I pay, they're using fiat, not me. If I flatly deny the price it means I am not guided by fiat value as the final arbiter of the value of a bitcoin. FYI, my price point is far higher than the current exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-03-22 13:36:40
Yep, but that's not necessarily Bitcoin's fault, it's all those pesky inflationary currencies that keep moving the decimal!
Edit: if you meant the 300 trillion was just the USA economy thats not true, it's the whole shebang. Every USD, JPY, Yuan, AUD Euro, Pound etc. adds up to 300trillion.
@_date: 2013-03-17 17:26:13
The subsidy is a double edged sword, once the subsidy is sufficiently small spam/dust transactions will be economically infeasible. It's an unfortunate consequence of the way coins are distributed but the silver lining as I see it is that SD is at least responsive to community feedback, rather than malevolently and single mindedly in it for the money, they've shown that community pushback has made them a little les spammy than before. At the very least it's a good test of what is to come, and though I in no way endorse what they are doing, it is a good opportunity to find ways to deal with it early before every man and his dog starts doing it :)
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:24:44
I found out about Bitcoin at about a year before that post and the feeling is the same even now. Barely 2 years later looking back and Bitcoin is utterly transformed. Amazing to think that almost the exact same protocol is just starting to begin to make waves in a global way.
If this is what can happen in two years, I pale at the thought of how Bitcoin will look in two more.
@_date: 2013-12-09 10:53:18
It's not Bitcoin's fault, it's their fault. Blaming users buying bitcoin for their shoddy security system will just mean people's confidence in the safety of their money will deteriorate even more and they will bank elsewhere.
Mistreating their customers like this will simply mean even more people will want to use Bitcoin. Win-win for users and Bitcoin I guess.
@_date: 2013-05-11 07:50:38
And several hours later all 50 are sold.
Nearly $300,000 of Bitcoin equipment snapped up just like that.
@_date: 2013-05-10 15:17:43
OK, made this on the fly, hope it's not too bad...
A bitcoin miner, a preist and a minister walk into a bar to have a few rounds together and then settle the tab.
The preist says "I'm sorry it would be immoral to spend church funds in such a place like this, but I will return the kindness in the future if you paid my share"
The minister says "Oh, I couldn't possibly abuse public funds for such a thing, if you cover this for me, I'll be sure to put a good word in with my colleagues though"
The Bitcoin miner clearly angered by their selfishness snaps "I can't afford all this! What do you expect me to do? Make money out of thin air?" 
@_date: 2013-12-26 14:59:34
Yeah, when there was only 20-30 thousands subs, it was actually a very bubbly, interesting place filled with thoughtful discussions, pertinent news on recent goings on and very few newbies and trolls. 
It's still an interesting place, but unfortunately the small considerate group of regulars is drowned out by new users that almost never search first before asking yet another dated question/raise for the umpteenth time a discussed to death "issue", shitflinging by trolls, and (unfortunately) mightier than thou, self-proclaimed anarchocapitalist/libertarian/whatever douchy ideology trying to lecture everyone.
I honestly believe this subreddit needs some tough-love moderation to curb some of the worst parts.
I understand that doing so requires extra work on the part of the mods but I can only see it getting more out of hand as Bitcoin gets more popular (which it in all likelihood will). 
@_date: 2013-12-17 15:59:02
I always treated you with impartiality and an open mind. I let my [record]( stand for [itself]( on that. But you decided to act like an ass, you are wholly responsible for your behaviour on this forum and you take liberties on this forum that most people wouldn't even do on an anonymous forum. If you strike out, malign, and verbally abuse, then turn around like you are the one being victimised, then I think it's time you take a break, and ask yourself why you are here.
From what I can tell, you are not here for Bitcoin, you are here for yourself.
@_date: 2013-10-22 14:28:34


Forced scarcity, especially scarcity that is excessive even, WILL force a monopoly on space and send us back to the same old banking system we know and revile, even though it can be overcome by putting in place other mechanisms that allow the network to safely scale they still use the economic card because it plays to their needs, that being that they are fearful of uncontrollable blockchain growth and that to have unrestricted block sizes will somehow stifle growth. As they see it scaling up can only be done outside the blockchain, not within. The bitcoin network is absolutely scalable, forcing economic justifications is forcing a monopoly to maintain the status quo, to the detriment of all users and even the Bitcoin protocol. That status quo being keeping the blockchain growth linear for fear it can't be controlled any other way. This has absolutely nothing to do with economics, it has to do with the unfounded fear that the blockchain size will explode and cripple miners, as well as everyone else. 
You really have to read between the line on this. It's to do with scaling and how some panicked users think Bitcoin will not function properly because blockchain growth will somehow be uncontrolled and unstable. If Bitcoin is useful do you seriously think people will pay no fees? Especially if the miners that support the network can refuse to include transactions? Users don't dictate what gets included and what doesn't. Users can't stripmine miners' service's for no fees TOTC style. It's absurd. Both users and miners are on equal footing, users have the money, miners want the money, miners have the ability to verify a user's transaction while the user must ask the miner (nicely) to verify the transaction for him/her. This is pure free market economics stuff. Everything else is technical. I said it before and I'll say it again. This is a scaling problem not a silly economic *incentive* problem. It has everything to do with blockchain growth and nothing to do with keeping miners in business.
@_date: 2013-09-22 11:21:00
I think that is a very good idea, but even if you get no response, you should still refuse to accept any delivery from them. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 12:13:43
It shouldn't simply be about holding or not holding. Simply, don't risk more than you are willing to lose.
There, problem solved. Also, the locking them up and leaving them mentality is silly too. Use them as you need to, it's still money. And with the exception of the current small market volatility, it is excellent at what it does.
@_date: 2013-02-03 02:51:35
Yeah, unfortunately its anecdotal, so there's no real way to know for sure, but I see many of these stories crop up. In any case I still find it hard to trust any machine connected to the internet that has any Bitcoin funds, just not worth the risk.
@_date: 2013-09-23 08:17:24
Wow, this is about as shady as they come.