@_author: festercluck
@_date: 2018-01-06 12:19:46
Bitcoin's value will reside in it's blockchain data &amp; history. Much like accounting databases are valuable and long-lived, once the Lightning network is dominant Bitcoin's blockchain strength and integrity will underpin it. Expect the commodity coin value to disappear in favor of some penny coin like DOGE, cheap and quick to hash.
@_date: 2017-11-10 11:13:35
It's hard to tell the difference between a pump and dump and an honest investor who's willing to risk it in this arena. As a community we should promote the idea that large investors should advertise their large purchases (at least after the fact) to show their faith in the tech and not just the variance.
@_date: 2019-12-06 11:01:39
Yeah, I noticed. While it's likely these folks are stealing much bigger sums, from the looks of the list and phone number pages, their actual talent is in getting people to open more tabs or scroll more content into view. When people hunt through telephone indexes they often have many, many more tabs open than typical usage. Everything I see behind this points at well designed effort to keep someone exploring.
That, unfortunately, had to include you until you made the edits. Faith restored.
Also, in looking at their domain and the root, it's extremely well written for such a shabby back end. But it does appear that the company itself exists in a similar form in multiple countries. I'd be surprised if any of them have actual registrations.
In all seriousness, fuck people like this. OP, be careful getting any more involved, even if you are working against it. They can &amp; will retaliate.
@_date: 2019-12-06 10:26:36
Thank you, seriously, for taking this advice. 
I decided to write some simple code to frustrate efforts like this, I'll post the repo once I have it in a place I'm positive won't help them. Should just be a couple more hours.
@_date: 2019-12-06 05:01:25
OP please remove the links to the pages. Leave the urls, just remove the links.
You're only helping them. The pages are  built to vampire CPU cycles. Essentially anything that views or indexes it helps it... Unless you were to keep refreshing with scrambled headers and data.
Heh, give me a bit. We'll have some fun.