@_author: feynman_nosunglasses
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:38:40
Ok, no worries mate. It's all good. Upvoting to cancel out the previous downvote I gave you. All is balanced.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:44:48
No. 
t = days since last transaction of the relevant bitcoins.
n = # of relevant BTC involved in relevant transaction.
t * n = days destroyed.
If it were just days destroyed = days, then that would mean that the maximum number of days destroyed would be equal to the number of days since the BTC was transacted. Which isn't what the days destroyed statistic is trying to represent.
Days just destroyed is 143,132,916.67. There have been far fewer days than that since BTC was transacted, or I just woke up really late.
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:44:23
Your comment doesn't make sense. What does that have to do with my comment? That's a total non sequitur.
@_date: 2014-03-14 16:55:49


You are correct. Deflation is generally understood be when the price of a commonly agreed upon index is falling. Such as the CPI.
A drop in the prices of consumer electronics (a subset index of the CPI) does not necessarily mean that deflation is occurring (because it represents a subset of all consumer goods).
@_date: 2014-03-14 18:43:06
It is better to think of it as the value of your medium of exchange increasing suddenly (which would effectively look like *every* price got cheaper at once.) 
This is a bad thing for two main reasons: 
1) your purchasing power increases in such a fashion where you have a disincentive to make purchases today, and instead perpetually wait until it is rational to spend. (Arguable if this applies to all purchasing decisions, but it has empirically shown to lead to recessions and depressions.)
2) debt obligations become untenable (and can lead to a self reinforcing phenomenon called a 'deflationary spiral') because the value of the money that is owed increases over time, so all debts either become very difficult or impossible to pay off.
That being said, you raise a good question "cheaper education, technology, and housing" *can* lead to a deflationary period (it just does not follow that it *always* does) Also, economic deflation *is* an empirically bad thing (despite what most of our fellow bitcoiners think) , but it does not always lead to economic collapse.
Edit to add: It is important to keep in mind that many of the economic theorists around are Austrian economists, not mathematical economists. It is generally accepted that deflation in an economy is  very scary and deflationary spirals are a thing. So this thread might get a little heated.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:03:21
At least we have the righteous forum posters to keep us in line.
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:03:55
He said 200, not 20. It is hard to understand what he is saying at that moment, but I'm almost positive he is saying 200.
(I'm assuming you are referring to the quote at about 
Also, based on the context of what they were talking about earlier it makes more sense that they were talking about what would be interesting in two hundred years as opposed to twenty.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:25:07
That's certainly possible, but they seem to be using this as direct evidence for the money laundering aspect of the case.
They did not explicitly state they could not do a one to one match, they merely paraphrased the SR's wiki which claimed that it would be a fruitless effort for LEOs to attempt to do so, even with known addresses of both the buyer and vendor.
The quotations are all that is necessary to establish that SR knowingly attempted to obfuscate connections.
I wasn't really clear in my previous comment because I was only trying to explain why the "mixing" aspect is important.
Pure speculation on my part: If they can do a one to one match-- they would have done so and bolstered their case with such analysis. It is merely sufficient for them to say "SR knowingly admits to engaging in this conduct" without them having to prove it. 
(They may in fact be able to compromise the mixing services-- either they chose not to bolster their case with the proof; they are waiting for bigger fish (what's bigger than SR right now?); or they don't know how.)
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:58:39
You say: "Wrong.", then you apparently downvote me, then you say something that doesn't really show where, specifically, I am wrong. I never said you couldn't produce the chemicals yourself. I honestly don't see how my comment was disruptive or spammy.
Of course having precursor chemicals with the intent to produce drugs shows intent "to manufacture."
And sure, you can create the chemicals with fully legal elements. But to do the entire manufacturing process with a chemical 3d printer you'd need the synthesised input chemicals. Otherwise you'd have to synthesize them yourself.
At which point, you'd use your specialized laboratory. But it would just be easier to use the precursors.
Or does this sub $10k printer combine the entire drug synthesis process into one "just press print" machine in the next 10 years? 
It really is more complicated than just throwing a 3d printer in the mix.
That's where you cross the line from being some "vague 3d printer that can do anything" to a highly specialized laboratory with some 3d printing involved.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:37:24
Haha, it's gone down $40 USD since you made that comment two minutes ago.
@_date: 2013-10-03 00:36:37
That's cool, but I feel like we are just going to talk past each other at this point.
My original point was that it still (even if it were cheap) doesn't make sense to print it for small time consumption because you are still carrying the "manufacturing" level of risk. You are still manufacturing the drugs, and the old drug laws will still be enthusiastically used on the producer.
If you are already going to "print" them at home, you might as well manufacture them up to the maximum level which you can, under the least severe "manufacturing" statute.
And at that point, does it even make sense to buy a specialized 3d printer for producing drugs? 
I still don't buy the fact that there will be universal (as in, make whatever you want without any specialization) 3d chemical printers for home use in the next decade. 
Sure, maybe for scientific laboratories-- but there likely won't be as much commercial pressure to put it in Joe Shmoe's garage.
I work with 3d printers at work all the time, and I am extremely bullish on the future of 3d printing. But I also kind of get annoyed with the meme on certain tech sites that "3d printing" will be a panacea for all manufacturing.
For static solid objects, we've made a lot of progress in the past 7 years or so.
The printers you are talking about are on the extreme bleeding edge and are certainly not yet "just push print" machines. One of my colleagues is using a 3d printer to create sugar gel matrices to simulate vein structures in animal bodies, in order to "grow" the cell structures in a similar fashion to what you are talking about. But it certainly isn't an all in one solution, and there are a lot of ancillary inputs into the system. 
I think we are more likely to get static solid object printers in every home far before chemical or biological printers.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:49:12
To build on your analogy:
You go to a flea market interested in buying an antique radio set and place your order with one of the vendors anonymously. The flea market (SR) has means of facilitating this anonymous order.
You drive into the parking lot and find "Mike the mixer." You hand your dollar bills (with certain serial numbers) to Mike, he mixes up those dollar bills with his stash of dollar bills, and hands different dollar bills to the vendor.
Still a flawed analogy, but still slightly more accurate than the Walmart and Sony one. Walmart and Sony would be the vendors but they may participate on a marketplace like, say, Amazon which would be the flea market.
SR was much closer to a flea market style marketplace than a Big Box retailer. Big Box retailers are more analogous to the individual vendors.
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:37:41


The precursor chemicals for some compounds are highly restricted and would carry more legal risk than having "possession" levels of the drug itself. 
By merely having the precursor chemicals, you elevate yourself from "possession" levels of risk to "manufacturing" and/or "manufacturing with the intent to distribute" levels of risk.
Also, some drugs go through very specialized chemical synthesis, it's really not as simple as having a sub $10k "printer" in less than say, 5-10 years.
At a certain point it goes from being a "3d printer" that can do anything to a specialized laboratory with some 3d-printing involved in the process.


Even if chemical synthesis were as simple as you make it sound, you eventually cross a line where you have a highly specialized laboratory that is certainly more involved than a sub $10k printer.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:44:43
It's hard to tell apart the satire from the insanity at this point.
@_date: 2013-10-02 22:12:21
You are probably joking, but if you went through all the steps to get the requisite input chemicals-- in order to print out volumes for personal consumption-- you are already at manufacturing levels of risk, for mere personal consumption.
If you are interested in "3D printing" drugs for mass production--- it seems like it would be a lot more efficient to do it by traditional means.
@_date: 2013-10-02 22:05:28
For the second paragraph of your earlier comment:
They had an escrow system (third party holds money until transaction complete) and a reputation system for vendors.
@_date: 2013-12-12 18:25:38
a16z is great but you can hardly name a single VC firm as  without qualifying what that means. 
They are certainly top tier but without backing that claim up by saying the terms they give to founders, the returns they deliver to LPs, or really, any type of metric... the " statement is just meaningless marketing jumbo. Even then it is hard to say who is the top.
Edit 2: Basically my point is that you need to qualify what you say: " in [x]", not: "they are  The statement "they are  cannot be proven because "they are  doesn't really mean anything concrete.
Edit: There are at least five other firms, off the top of my head, that people will also claim as " firm in the country." These types of statements don't really mean much. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:22:21
Welcome to reddit!: *Where confirmation bias = corporate conspiracy!*
@_date: 2013-10-02 20:03:46
It means that the bitcoin mixing-service* that SR used was sufficient to obscure the connection between the buyer and the vendor in the eyes of law enforcement.
The report doesn't go into much detail except for acknowledging that it is "fruitless" to use the blockchain as a means to track the connection between buyers and sellers even if you know their specific addresses, because of the tumbler. It's about four or five sentences total of the 39 page writeup.
They use the existence of the tumbler to promote the claim that SR knowingly obfuscated transaction trails in order to facilitate money laundering. Specifically, they quote the SR wiki's assurance that transactions will be obfuscated.
Whether or not the mixers actually worked is irrelevant for SR at this point. The FBI has the crucial point they need for the money laundering aspect: *SR admitted to facilitating the obfuscation of the money trail.* 
Also, mixers are widely believed to work already, so the FBI acknowledging it doesn't matter because either they already work like they are believed to, or they are compromised-- which the FBI wouldn't admit unless it bolstered prosecution.
*(edit: mixing service essentially means that one person pays some btc to a pool, it gets mixed up in a pool, and the pool pays an equivalent amount of different btcs to another person.)
(edit 2: By the way, this is not a dumb question. Don't apologize.)
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:16:37


I think it's a fallacy to assume that 1 upvote directly translates to 1 iota of usefulness/on-topic info. 
People upvote for all kinds of reasons. These kinds of threads probably get upvoted via some kind of combination of: (actual useful information, people that think the information might be useful to someone, simplified distributed outrage, and because "coinbase" has turned into an upvote baitword in this sub.)
@_date: 2013-12-12 18:36:09
Yes. They are a top tier VC firm, but like any VC portfolio-- most companies in the portfolio will fail and a small percentage will drive all the returns.
Say you invest in 100 companies: you probably expect to lose money on 90 of them, break even on 9, and have that last company drive all the returns in your portfolio. It's the venture capital version of the Power Law.
(Also, since the top tier firms have access to the best deals and companies, they drive all the returns on investment in the entire VC industry. It turns out that the average VC fund actually loses money; only the top tier will make money-- and they will have massive returns.)
@_date: 2013-10-03 02:50:50
It's not that trying to obfuscate your btc trail itself is enough to damn you, it's that obfuscating a btc trail while facilitating transactions of controlled substances is money laundering in pretty much any jurisdiction.
I didn't write the law, but this pretty much is the textbook definition of money laundering.
I never claimed that obfuscating the trail alone was enough to damn you. Also, for what it's worth, there are totally legitimate, legal (in most jurisdictions), and morally unambiguous reasons for obfuscating a bitcoin trail. 
e.g. donating to a journalist, human rights activist, or political refugee/dissident.
@_date: 2013-10-03 00:43:45
Alright. If you are going to be an asshole there's really no point in talking any more. You win. I capitulate. You've proven you are smarter than I am.
@_date: 2013-12-11 01:44:22
The stupidity isn't restricted to the sub, it's gone tropical!
@_date: 2013-11-24 09:28:14
I don't think bitcoin is the "electricity" in that argument, it's much closer to the 1908 Hurley Washing-machine. Perhaps 'digital-currency' as an abstract concept is more analogous to electricity in the context of Bezos' talk. Bitcoin has *a lot* of "kludge" (to borrow his term.) 
There are certainly some interesting ideas in bitcoin, but it's probably closer to a first step than a final implementation.
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:00:58
Here's a recursive source, should be good enough for most subreddits. Including as of the past 6 or 7 months.
@_date: 2013-12-12 18:45:17
That doesn't contradict what I am saying. All that says is that a16z is at the top of the list as determined by some arbitrary ranking system called "InvestorRank" -- which measures the social networking of each firm. You can find dozens of other ways to measure firms and come up with a different one at the top of each list. 
That is not a measurement of how much money has been returned to investors, which the creators of that ranking system deftly weaseled around.
All that matters in the VC industry is if you are top tier (like top 10) everything beyond that is hard to measure because you are measuring the value of assets that have not been liquidated yet. So you make up new measuring systems to rank things in different ways, at the end of the day there is no "one true ranking."
All that matters is if you are more or less in the "top tier".
It really *is* marketing within a certain range. I guarantee you can go out and find literally hundreds of different ranking systems of VC firms: they will all have the same players in the top tier; but the order will be different.
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:54:31
My point is that you can't say that they are  when I can come along and name the name of every other top tier firm as  and be just as "correct." 
It's not about making everyone happy, it's just that the rankings are inherently meaningless puff pieces that usually find their way to tech sites and become treated as fact.
If by "overthinking", you mean not taking regurgitated techsite memes as fact, then I suppose I am guilty of that.
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:20:46


They picked the wrong industry!