@_author: fgh3453453
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:53:12
You could do it by getting a certificate of residence.. basically you need to contact your tax authority. The exchanges don't actually care where you live so the lack of a mail system is not an issue - but they need to know where you are tax resident.. it's just that utility bills have been considered valid proof of residence (even though they really aren't as many people still pay utilities in countries where they aren't resident) so that's often the easiest way for most people. 
Bitstamp explicitly lists certificates of residence as a valid proof for residence verification purposes and I expect the other exchanges would take it as well.. from their site:
2.) a proof of residency, acceptable scanned images of paper documents are:
    bank statement
    utility bill for utilities consumed at your home address
    tax return, council tax
    certificate of residency issued by a government or a local government authority
You can also submit other documents to serve as proof of residency such as; government-issued documents, judicial authority-issued documents, documents issued by a public agency / authority, utility service company, or similar regulated service providing companies.
It seems like they might consider any document you can get out of the local government that shows you live there.. do you have bank account in Laos? Does it have bank statements? If not you could probably still request a one off paper bank statement from your bank. If you're working there I'd assume you must have some kind of government issued tax id number and correspondence from the government regarding tax returns as well.. any of that kind of thing seems like it might work. Maybe a certificate from the police? Apparently they are used to issuing those; 
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:21:30
If you can get your card to work with liqpay.com then you can pay through interkassa.com to btc-e.com. It doesn't work with all cards and works with more mastercards than visa.. also the SMS login thing probably won't work unless you talk to their chat support first to get them to reconfigure the sms gateway used to send smses to your number.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:56:34
I don't think documents written in pen is necessarily a problem. If they're legal in Laos then I guess that's what matters. Sure they could be forged but you can buy fake utility bills for getting verified on the .onion black market sites anyway. Owning property has nothing to do with residency or indeed paying taxes on income, etc. It should be possible to be homeless, unemployed with no fixed address and still get a certificate of residency from the tax office.
I know it's a pain in the ass dealing with the government but I guess you have to pick a side.. either do things legally and work with the local government, maybe try and figure out the simplest way to get an acceptable document and then write about it so others can do it more easily or just don't bother and use localbitcoins or fake id/utility bills.