@_author: fhfjnu
@_date: 2016-04-11 19:16:40


You are making one of the best wallets available look like a terrible choice, but is simply due to your own ignorance that you dislike it. You also refuse to clarify that your syncing issues are due to you being in China and that you won't run an Electrum server simply for the reason that you don't want to! Then you scream you won't look back. Your reviews are completely biased and unfair! Then you call people pointing out valid facts a troll while deleting all your sarcastic comments that made you look bad! Incredible!
@_date: 2016-04-11 19:06:33


A troll? What?? What does that even have to do with Electrum and the points I've made???! You are making things up as an excuse for deleting your ignorant comments! You sir, are the troll, and have a wallet agenda going on. Smh.
@_date: 2016-04-11 19:36:45


You fail to point out that you are in China and you would like China servers to improve. You bash the entire wallet because you specifically couldn't figure out how to sync it. 




Your ignorance of not realizing you are in China or not knowing how to run an electrum server. 




**Really? You delete your post specifically claiming that you don't want to run an Electrum server and then say I have 0 reading comprehension when I repeat the exact thing you said? This is amazing...**


Again, *your* specific problem. Not the wallets. 


Because you fail to include important information making the wallet look worse than it is. Saying you just can't get it to sync is not being completely upfront and honest. 


Good please don't. You are one of the most ignorant posters I have come across. Deleting posts that make you look bad, calling me out for accurate responses after you delete your comments, then calling people trolls for seriously no reason. Also refusing to own up to the lack of information and bias in your posts simply due to either your stubbornness or your personal hate toward a product. 
@_date: 2016-04-11 18:13:02
Way to actually include that information! /s
Also, you realize you can run your own Electrum server? 
Again, what is your agenda?
Edit: nice job removing your comments that show your ignorance, then proceeding to label me a troll.
@_date: 2016-04-11 17:46:55
Lol noob. Electrum is the best. What is your agenda?
@_date: 2016-04-11 18:41:56


I read it. You didn't mention you were in China or why that was your issue. Don't want to run your own server? Boohoo. Didn't mention that either! Seriously, these biased reviews are ridiculous. If you really don't have an anti Electrum agenda, and pro whatever multisig wallet, then you would edit your post to provide clarity to all of your issues and remove the petulant whining..."I withdrew my btc and never went back waaaaa!". Until then, you have a biased agenda here. Electrum is an incredible wallet.
Edit: way to delete your post including your sarcastic remarks. Agenda is real.