@_author: fiat_sloppy_seconds
@_date: 2014-07-27 21:20:24


If you convert your Bitcoin into any form of material wealth, they will seize your material wealth if you are in violation of the law. You can't exactly 'ignore' the police showing up to your door and dragging you out in handcuffs.
If you mean you can skip states until the law is nationwide, then of course that is merely delaying the inevitable.
I will address your first sentence/point in a subsequent post.
@_date: 2014-07-27 14:29:11


You mean pump it?
@_date: 2014-07-27 19:30:27


From who? Money doesn't appear out of nowhere you know
From the other Bitcoin bagHODLers who bought in after you?
Or haven't you cashed out yet? If the latter, then you haven't made any money. You've lost your money, and you've got to show for it is a couple of shitcoins.
@_date: 2014-07-27 21:11:32


It's only NY right now, but what if other states and nations follow?
If legitimate businesses don't use Bitcoin, who would want to use it? Who would have a use for it? Only illegimate businesses and entities like drug dealers and child pornographers would find it desirable.


One of the reasons why using Bitcoin is not equivalent to peer-to-peer file sharing is that computer files aren't of significant value nor are they ordinarily in the sight of the state.
A bank transfer or car registration is easy to identify and cross-check, unlike a computer file. It's also easier to conceal the illegal download of a computer file than it is to conceal an unregistered Maserati.


Gold has intrinsic value unlike Bitcoin and is therefore irrelevant.
Bitcoin has jeopardized any chance it had of being a currency when it *allowed* itself to be convertible to fiat. What results is not that it is not a currency, but a speculative commodity. These do not go together, as you can see for yourself demonstrated in the extreme volatility of Bitcoin and all the other problems it now faces as I have outlined above and in my original post.
The only way, as I can imagine it, that Bitcoin could have worked is it functioned in a similar way to how LETS systems functions - with 'credits' accrued or transferred *only* by genuine work.
The system of 'mining' within the Bitcoin protocol, although pointless and wasteful, was at least a step in this positive direction. 
But despite that it is nonetheless the Bitcoin protocol itself that is the substance of the flaws which guarantees it will be used as a speculative commodity rather than a currency.


You think you can avoid tax? Go ahead and try it. Only a few very powerful and skilled entities can do so, and they do it through legal means unlike what you insinuate. They utilize legal loopholes and a small number of receptive nations. Of course this is not the case with Bitcoin, nor I doubt it will be, since Bitcoin is starting off as fresh and will be relatively simple to identify and cut down unlike fiat laws which are generations old and thus complex.
@_date: 2014-07-27 20:37:29


@_date: 2014-07-27 20:25:20
Coinbase gets their money from the bagHODLers.
When you sold at $1000, you were stealing money from foolish bagHODLers - all they got in return was a couple of imaginary monopoly money tokens
Sounds like you have trouble accepting the facts of the matter.
@_date: 2014-07-27 14:22:45
That would just mean that the $2.38 million volume is an upper bound, and the real amount of Bitcoin being bought is far lower than that.
I already knew this in writing my post, but I use the upper bound to demonstrate that even the most bullish case is wrong. Either way, there is hardly any volume - no one is buying.
@_date: 2014-07-27 20:42:04
You might possess a small amount of material wealth (at least coming from Bitcoin) but that doesn't go for others, and especially not businesses.
@_date: 2014-07-27 21:17:23
Again, even if an entity does not convert to fiat, their material wealth will be recognized and seized.
It's not as though a business can simply hold on to immaterial tokens - that's neither their purpose nor how they can operate.