@_author: fib_futures
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:58:58
Basically, the price change you saw is because of the buyers and sellers interacting. I'll try to use an analogy to make it more clear.
Imagine you have a shovel and you're standing on a lake which is iced over. If you chip at the ice once or twice (sell small amounts of BTC), then a new layer of ice will regrow overnight (new BTC buyers arrive) and the lake stays frozen.
Now, if you take that shovel and bash the ice layer (sell a huge amount of BTC), one of two things might happen. If the ice is thick enough, it will remain solid and unbreaking.
If the ice is fairly thin, it will crack, and you'll be shoveling mud before long! This is essentially what you see happening in the market.
Some large seller came in and tried to sell a whole lot of BTC at the market. There weren't enough buyers at that exact price to absorb the selling, so the price dropped until the market found enough buyers to fill the seller's order. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:44:24
You seem to believe that market manipulation exists in the XBT contract in the form of predatory algorithmic trading. XBT currently trades incredibly lackluster volume while the exchanges figure out proper margins, and as brokers determine how to manage risk due to possible client exposure.
Trading softwares need volume to execute high frequency trades. This is part of the reason why the ES (S&amp;P futures) sees so much bot activity; it trades millions of contracts per day which allows algos to execute in a highly liquid market. 
In comparison, XBT has traded a few thousand contracts over two days. There simply isn't enough liquidity to attract predatory algos, there is far too much daily volatility, and bid/ask spreads are far too wide for this to happen. 
Algos will likely enter the bitcoin futures market eventually, but it is unlikely that they are a large market participant at this point. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:29:25
Why do you believe that fiat cash can't be tracked or measured or quantified? I'm legitimately curious.
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:48:00
You can't honestly believe what you're writing... 
@_date: 2018-02-22 01:11:30
The spread in the ZF is pretty wide, and the bid/ask is pretty small size. What's your plan for increasing volume to draw in speculators? Furthermore, what do you see as the incentive for a speculator to settle in bitcoin--which is a speculation in itself--and then have to transfer this to dollars?
You mentioned that they will have to be treated as swaps. So, for clarity, by hitting the ask in ZF, I'm purchasing a contract with your firm, and you then go into the actual derivatives market to offset my position? It seems that there is an immense opportunity for your firm to arb any client's position. What is the advantage of trading with you, versus just opening a normal brokerage account? 
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:30:49
I appreciate the candid response! I have a few more questions, if you're interested in hearing them.
1. Do you have any market makers involved? Where's the insurance that we'll have enough liquidity to exit a position?
2. Suppose I anonymously open an account. I buy 50 at market in ZN, while offering 5 out at ten different prices above. What is there to stop me from trading with myself?
3. Suppose I buy 1 ZF contract right now and then the Fed randomly hikes rates to 10% tomorrow. My small account would likely blow out. Can I walk away from this loss because my account is anonymous? Do you automatically liquidate accounts with a position that drains their net liq to $0?