@_author: ficklecurmudgeon
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:22:38
Honestly, if you're afraid of the government going bankrupt, you need to start stockpiling weapons and MREs not buying Bitcoin or Gold. When the world goes Mad Max, no one is going to give a crap about how much digital currency you own.
@_date: 2018-02-14 20:17:54
So, if a Venezuelan had been stocking up on Bitcoin over the last five years, they'd be able to buy basic necessities with it today in Venezuela? A real store of wealth is property. Something that oscillates in massive swings is not a store of wealth.
@_date: 2018-02-17 18:01:26
For your sake, not anytime soon... Without “fiat” currencies, your crypto would be worthless.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:22:26
Honestly, if you're afraid of the government going bankrupt, you need to start stockpiling weapons and MREs not buying Bitcoin or Gold. When the world goes Mad Max, no one is going to give a crap about how much digital currency you own.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:46:52
Then you end up with Weimar Republic Germany or modern day Venezuela, where a loaf of bread costs a wheelbarrow full of money. Then you have a popular uprising that destabilizes the government. At worse, it collapses and you end up with an economic apocalypse. At best, they revalue the currency and default on all of the nation's debts. In the first case, digital currencies aren't worth anything (Mad Max - worst case scenario). In the second case, the government probably outlaws the use of digital currency in order to prop up the dollar. Ultimately, the US dollar is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. Digital currencies have no such backing. Bitcoin won't take off unless a government adopts it as an official currency. I think the most damning thing about the real value of digital currencies is that when people talk about the value of their Bitcoin stash, they describe that value in terms of dollars. They don't talk about digital currencies like you would talk about real currencies - i.e. the Euro, Yen, Yuan, etc. Like it or not, digital currencies are dependent upon global stability to survive. They may be able to make a difference in a third world country that is not an economic player, but I could guarantee you that, even in those cases, if you went to someone in a third world country and offered them a Satoshi or a US dollar, they would take the dollar. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 16:30:29
At the rate things are going, you can probably get your second one at half of what you spent on the first and the third will be half of the price that you spent on the second. By my calculations, if you keep dollar cost averaging, you will own all of the Bitcoins in the world for about $20,000.