@_author: fiddley2000
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:43:18
I am more of asking a question than making a statement.  My reasoning is if offline exchange wallets transactions don't increase the value (or price) why would Lightning (apart from the transactions required to open and close a channel which is on-chain).  Inter exchange account BTC transfers/payments is also fast and cheap but it does not increase the value of the chain.
Is my reasoning correct and if not why not?
@_date: 2019-11-11 09:11:18
Thanks I will read up.  Do you thus say that when everyone is validating that POW only solves the nothing at stake problem or are there other issues with my consensus model?
Edit:  After reading about nothing at stake I cannot see how this is relevant here.  I can somehow see how POS is relevant here if but that can be sidelined by not rewarding the block producer.  Some other scheme can be devised for fees (maybe it can go to a random address calculated from the reference hash).
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:55:40
I agree POW &gt; POS however the consensus scheme in not POS.  Block producers do not have to get rewarded.
@_date: 2019-11-11 15:06:51






you mean you can mine a hidden chain on sChain (cause this model has no pow) and then publish this hidden chain to sChain and cause havoc on BTC who depends on this chain?  That is something to look into yes will give it some thought.


Even if you pay to have lots of utxo's created to up your chances of being a producer there will always be other producers that will eventually include the transaction you are trying to censor.


Not sure how you would do this without breaking consensus rules (ie thus not a soft fork)
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:32:47
Lets say 10% of wallets is online on average.  This means on average 5 producers can create a future BTC block each time sChain creates a block.  All 5 creates blocks when they 'see' on the sChain hash its their time to produce 1.  Fine 4 will be orphaned in everycase but lets forget about about orphans for the moment.  There is not communication needed here.


I hope its clear now that tx'es will still be ordered and double spent utxo's will still be dropped based on whats first included on chain.  Yes you will need more confirmations to accept a payment as safe in its current form.
@_date: 2019-11-11 09:31:47


Don't see why you say both of these things.


This can be easily changed by say ordering the UTXO set and use the hash to select of this list and those become  the block valid block producers.  It will change every-time.


In my opinion only miners and big businesses should be full nodes but as I understand from the Bitcoin 1mb idea is that everyone can fully validate.


There is no consensus between those 50.  Any of those 50 can produce a block up and until sChain finds a block when it will be a different 50.  I realise the possibility of too many orphans here as mentioned but probably something that can be technically solved.


yes I know and I'm not part of that group.  Electricity is an overhead for producing blocks which get sold for profit (no way that can be seen as wasteful).  I am not claiming less mining is better I am trying to challenge the "everyone should be validating in a POW chain" hypothesis.


As mentioned the scheme can be updated to not reward those who holds most.  So this don't have to be anything like POS
@_date: 2019-11-12 05:00:09
I have watched almost all of AA's videos and I am well aware of how pow and nodes work.  I am a "POW as consensus mechanism" fan first and foremost and nothing can beat it.  I have essentially described a new consensus model (different hypothetical coin if you will) and now I ask you to describe an attack scenario.
@_date: 2019-11-11 14:05:43
censorship how?  If 1 producer don't include a tx in a block one of the next random upcoming producers will.
double spend how?  everyone is validating. a block containing a double spend will be rejected.
forced soft forks.  can you provide an example?
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:27:50


Consensus is reached simply through consensus rules.  So to continue the sample of 5 blocks created on each round...  If a transaction is found in all 5 blocks you can take that tx is as good as in the current BTC model.  If there is conflicting, ie double spends in those block you would obviously need to wait to see who builds on which block to see where that funds should go.  Consensus on the state of a certain address becomes stronger as blocks are added on top of that block where a state change occurred.  Not quite certain I understand where your concern is coming from?


my proposal (at least in a V2 post) is to NOT have block rewards anymore as they are not needed. The advantages is 1) less carbon emissions,  2) halting coin inflation and 3) increasing security because we are basing consensus off sChain's older blocks which can arguably not be touched because they are buried under too much POW to and thus 100% immutable.  The  last advantage is 4) providing evidence to my standpoint that having POW on a chain where everyone is validating is not needed (or least does not make a lot of sense).
@_date: 2019-11-11 11:23:18


ok this is new to me.  Why would anyone be incentivised to stake (lock up) their coins if not for a reward?  Can you point me to a chain that does POS without rewards?


no need to hold anything.  we can use the sChain hash to select an random producers for of the utxo set or something of the sort.  having more BTC on a utxo does not give you a bigger chance of being selected.  You don't care how often you get selected since you cannot earn anything for creating a block.


I am saying that if every node is fully validating then on that chain pow might not make sense and my alternative (not POS) offered can have advantages (like less carbon and more secure etc)
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:58:15
I haven't looked into Nano but remember the point of this post is to strengthen the claim that only miners should run full nodes (I know I might not be entirely clear)
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:03:25
Mess with it how?  Invalid blocks gets rejected.
@_date: 2019-11-11 09:53:15


This is the idea I get from the BTC community on why blocks should be kept small (see this post:  [ ).  
I am saying in POW chains only miners need to fully validate which seems in conflict with Bitcoin community consensus.
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:12:24
I think we are misunderstanding each other.  I'll ping you when I have a revised version of this up later this week.
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:31:26


true but I want to revise that so that you don't get a POS'ish scenario.  Valid producers are chosen randomly by another chain's block hash.


another thing I want to revise is to get rid of any rewards (neither coinbase nor tx fees) for creating blocks.  
So if we can agree to proceed on that base where do you now see a problem with the suggested consensus model?
@_date: 2019-11-13 06:09:34
thank you for your contribution.  I have put up a second improved and more understandable version of this hypothetical consensus model, if you are interested here, here: [  The discussion is already much more focused likely due to the improved post.  Version 3 is already in the making (with far fewer variation than between V1 and V2) that should again be an further improvement. 
I would greatly appreciate if you can point me to a sub, slack or whatever where I might find interested people who would like to continue a extended discussion on this thought experiment.
Thank you
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:11:42


anyone can.  yes this leaves the potential for 50 blocks of which 49 needs to get orphaned but there might be ways around this.   One can be the the number 1 spot on this ordered list (only valid for 1 block) gets first opportunity to create and publish a block and after 5 seconds number 2 is now eligible.  There is not incentive to cheat cause block producers don't get rewarded (in V2 at least) but even if they do its no problem cause just handle them like you would handle orphans.


I get that and hence my question if everyone if fully validating then why do we need miners?
@_date: 2019-11-11 09:42:17
ok thank you for your time. Just to add though I think you are misunderstanding.  My scheme does not require a group of nodes to communicate.  Yes my current suggestion will have a POS like mining centralisation, that I need to improve. Version 2 of this idea will not reward block producers and will select said block producers from something like the UTXO set which is random with each new block produced by sChain.
@_date: 2019-11-11 11:27:16


that is exactly what I am saying and why we need POW for SPV nodes.  It's through the pow mechanism that you force the longest chain to be honest and therefor you can 'trust' the merkle proofs as provided by miners.  If longest chain is honest you cannot fake merkle proofs.
So I am saying POW is required where only miners (maybe big businesses) fully validate the rest is SPV.  If all are validating POW stops making sense.
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:51:59
Why would someone with no incentive for reward pay tx fees to create UTXO's to be in the majority block producer?  And even if an bad player is the majority block producer what harm can it do since everyone if fully validating so you cannot create blocks that violates consensus rules.
I am well aware of incentives for bad players.  Leveraged shorting for one.
@_date: 2018-10-09 05:05:47


Citi and Alliant don't give away free money.  Cash back rewards is in the end profitable for the credit supplier indirectly at the expense of the consumer.  They are not charity institutions.  By removing the third parties and settling transactions directly - consumer to merchant - you have fewer entities that needs to get paid along the way.  This translate to the possibility of merchant cash-back schemes that will eventually beat the current ones.
@_date: 2019-11-11 10:47:12
miners can do that now as well.
@_date: 2019-11-11 15:00:01
We are definitely diverging  on our path of common understanding so please feel free to tap out at any time.  I am already writing a second version and will ping you when it is posted.  Nevertheless I am going to continue because I might learn something...


Sure I am just trying to offer support for my - lets called leaching pow consensus - model where it can be just as effective or exceed Bitcoin model.


Let say Alice pay Bob 1 BTC.  All nodes receive this transaction, see its valid, include it in their blocks. sChain creates a new block, call it block 100, and the nodes now have a new hash they can work from. To use the same example number lets say this hash calculates 50 random spots on the utxo set, giving the owners of those addresses a window where they can create a block.  5 of these 50 nodes is online so 5 blocks gets created.  4 of them contains this tx from Alice to Bob and 1 exclude this.  Now the next sChain hash, block 101, is found giving a new set of nodes the opportunity to be a block producer. They can build on any of the 5 blocks... hmmm and here is where I realise and issue and what I am here for.  If any of the 5 separate nodes can build on any previous block things will get messy.  Will have to think about this... Maybe block 101's hash can be used to determine which of the 5 blocks should be chosen as the one to build on... Lets go with that for now but I will have to give it further thought.  So if the block that gets build on includes Alice's tx, good Bob can send her on her way.  If its not included it stays in the mempool until someone includes it.


yeah that's how I have it as well which is why I am looking for the flaws in  my consensus model.  Maybe you can get away with it by leaching of another coin's POW not sure.


All is still more than most.  I love POW and everything that it involves. The aim of this post is in no way to criticise electricity usage - its rather to propose an alternative that is empirically better.


ok lessening the supply then.  it can only make everyone's coins worth more with no negative effect as the coinbase reward is only there for the miners (which does not exist in the new model)


Not sure how anyone can create their own chain?  The chain is dictated by sChain's POW.  I said increased security because you can use very old blocks on sChain which are much more secure cause they are buried by an insane amount of work.


So POW in Bitcoin is only for ordering? (and SPV nodes which we pretend does not exist)  I don't see any issues with my Alice Bob example where order becomes an issue?
@_date: 2017-10-18 09:11:29
Not easily... You need the entire BTC hashrate + 1% to pull this off.
@_date: 2017-10-18 09:36:46
Will take a while for me to fully understand but thanks.  A question from this though.  What does SPV wallets care about inflation?  SPV don't build or maintain a valid block-chain it only verifies payment to itself.
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:08:15
In other words blindly follow that chain with the most work?  And thus the vulnerability that if a coin one day hypothetically forks from Bitcoin with a majority hashrate,  spv wallets will follow that forked coin?  
Can we then at least agree that _only_ in highly unlikely scenarios (a scenario where a coin fork with majority hash  but not considered the original coin) will this be a problem for SPV?  
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:51:52
But once again what has this to do with SPV? Full nodes maintain the valid chain - spv validate its own transactions from these fullnodes?
@_date: 2017-10-18 09:53:34
Have to say I did not consider this in detail I stand - somewhat - corrected.  So you say with enough time and a minority hash power you can double spend spv nodes which is not possible with a full node?
You still have to factor in the time taken to eventually be successful though. With 10% hash and 6 confirms it come to ~0.0002 possibility of success which means on average its going to be very expensive to finally succeed in launching a double spend attack - which probably makes it on average just as expensive as an 51% attack (I don't claim to know the math still need to research more).  Up the confirms to 10 and this attack becomes prohibitively expensive.
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:59:06
Agree and thats my point.  Why do full nodes matter then regarding supporting the chain (I am not talking about validating your own transactions)
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:31:48
Nodes cannot lie to you when the transaction is on-chain.  Through SPV merkle proofs.  However that is off topic and I would ask that we don't discuss this here.
Why will my single full node with thousands of IP's not have a big influence on the network if full nodes are indeed important?
@_date: 2019-05-20 09:14:45


I am not really trying to argue here that users are protecting themselves by fully validating (although it could be argued as another topic).  I am saying its not helping the network.  Not sure what you mean majority hash-power is not needed in a miner forced rule change.  If a minority hash tries to force new rules neither fully validating nor SPV nodes will follow that chain.
Noted on your Byzantine input thanks.
@_date: 2019-05-19 09:03:03
 So non mining nodes does not help the chain then? Only yourself?
@_date: 2019-05-21 06:34:33
If my understanding is that of full nodes is not important in this sub it will be seen as trolling.  If my opinion is full nodes is indeed important it will be trolling on the /btc sub. Am I a troll for challenging which seems to be the notion that the majority miners cannot always be followed?  It is Satoshi's opinion as  well after all - or at least my understanding of the white paper.  Byzantine fault tolerance through proof of work consensus which is to me the major underpinning in what makes Bitcoin work but now I am trolling when I challenge the notion that this is only *sometimes* the rule not always.  Why would I want to reinforce my position? I am holding way WAY more BTC than any other larger block, SPV focused coin.
I cannot understand why people cannot engage in a low level discussion without trying to prove (or teach) someone their current opinion.  By low level I mean sketch me a scenario where my SPV node will be fooled onto the wrong chain with detailed low level points that can be discussed in separation.  This scenario should also be practical, not only theoretically possible.  Was there for example ever in history the case where a minority hard fork retained the name and ticker of a specific coin?  BTC will stay BTC on the longest fork, when its not the longest fork it become something else, always. As someone sending bitcoin with an SPV node I need not need to trust anyone I just want the product I paid for.  As someone receiving I just want the merkle proofs that trustlessly prove my tx has been included in the longest chain as I independently verified by keeping track of the block headers.  No trust required.
@_date: 2019-05-21 06:44:02


I agree.  This post and the paper I am writing is indeed to invoke facts disproving my theory.  So far I am only getting opinions and possibly weak hypothesis. Don't get me wrong I got a lot which will be helpful my paper which will be opened up again for critiques.  Wash, rinse, repeat until it is as perfect as it can be trying to address all viewpoints.
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:34:11


Why full nodes and not just SPV
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:32:22


Well you can use SPV to to verify independently that a tx has been included on-chain.  If a subset of miners start mining invalid rules those blocks will be included on a forked chain that has less POW.  For bitcoin to work the the majority of miners must honest and that is always the assumption.  SPV wallets can follow the strongest chain and thus infer that said chain is valid.


Agreed and that is why I state the amount of full nodes running BIP148 did not have any influence in exerting so called "pressure on miners to upgrade" as many claim.
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:57:17
Totally agree and hence my claim that non mining full nodes does not matter.
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:22:52
Thank you.  That is another area - SPV vs fully validating - though.  Its am also covering that in my paper.  The question here is about contributing to the network as a whole not your personal transactions
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:37:49
Agree and that is why I am trying to state that only mining nodes matter and that mining nodes can only be influenced by economic activity creating value on a chain with a specific rule-set.  Whether those nodes creating the economic activity is fully validating or using SPV is invisible to miners and does not make a difference.  So I am trying to propose full validating non mining nodes does not make a difference.
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:43:18
I totally agree however still trying to get input to why my single node with thousands of IP addresses will have a large say on the network if non mining nodes are important.  Thanks for the input though.
@_date: 2019-05-20 05:55:15
Agree with all this except that miners don't care if nodes are fully validating or SPV as long as economic activity happens on those nodes.  I think I need to repost this a new topic with this question:  Why were the  bitcoin community called on to host UASF full nodes to help force the miners when you can have just one and attach many IP addresses to it?
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:56:23
Thank for focusing on my actual question.  One point though.  I am not saying my single, many ip node is not validating.  I am saying its validating but with different rules.  Think UASF - many claim it had an influence.  Can I not do it again with whatever rules I choose with little resources (ie a single node and thousands of ip addresses).  If full nodes matter why I can I not launch a UASF Version 2 with my rules?
@_date: 2019-05-21 06:46:57
Though SPV, basically receiving block headers and determining the longest chain.  Miners are penalized for acting dishonest (in the minority and rewarded for honesty (in the majority) which is the main economic underpinning making decentralized consensus work.
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:43:19
Economic nodes I just mean nodes that are transacting with businesses (1 example of many).
I think we are mostly in agreement especially regarding "those nodes were signalling was reflective of the majority opinion of participants in the bitcoin economy".  What I do disagree with in general is that calling on people to run BIP148 (segwit UASF) full nodes is not making a difference.  Only being vocal about it can influence miners.
@_date: 2019-05-20 11:06:55
Definitely not trolling.  I am also not writing a paper trying to proof any point  whatsoever. The paper will reflect my current understanding and its main purpose will be for others to critique it so that I can learn from it.  In fact those that agree with my arguments will be mostly ignored.  I have no other incentive than expanding my knowledge.   My understanding of each coin leads to how much of my money I allocate to my crypto portfolio.  I am not brand loyal and totally coin agnostic. I don't give a damn what the name of a coin might be or who might have created them (not CSW, Ver or Satoshi), I am only interested in its fundamentals.
So I would assume following the majority hash is enough.  It is how every other fork of every other notable crypto currency has played out.  The fork with minority hash gets a new name and ticker if it survives.  I hear what you say regarding governments forcing miners but I'm not sure how practical that is or maybe I don't understand you.  This would involve several countries cooperation and it would involve basically seizing the 51%+ mining equipment to mine a different ruleset.  51% attacks is a well known weakness for to reorgs for ex. so I am not sure why a hard forking 51% attack should be one of the most important underpinnings of Bitcoin at the expense of requiring all users to run full nodes. I cannot see how the theoretical protection this might serve outweight the burden of requiring non technical users to run full nodes.  Government can in anyway break Bitcoin if they control the majority hash even if they follow a ruleset current full nodes will accept.  What I am trying to get to is *maybe* assuming "51%+ miners is honest" is a Bitcoin requirement you cannot get away from.
To answer quickly on the USAF Sybil.  I think you misunderstood me.  Let me try a scenario.  Go back to the day BIP148 was introduced and the community urged to update their full nodes so that pressure could be exerted on the miners to make the switch.  Lets say 100 users did this and we now have at least some miners starting to worry and thinking of supporting segwit. I now go and also merge BIP148 but attach it to 900 IP addresses (because that is cheaper/easier than spinning up 900 full nodes). Miners are non the wiser that these extra 900 connections is coming from only me.  Did I by doing this just exerted 10 times more pressure on the miners because of my actions? My opinion is no I did not make any difference and that is the crux of what I am trying to get to.
I apologize if this response might again irritate you.  Best is just to ignore it then please.
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:22:55
I fully agree.  I think you misinterpreted my - admittedly badly worded - question.
@_date: 2019-05-19 09:02:12
So non mining nodes does not help the chain then? Only yourself?
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:20:32
I think my exact comment to apply here so I will copy/paste:
 I assume "[gained a nontrivial amount of traction]( ("sent a clear signal as you phrase it")  is measured in terms of how many nodes was running BIP148.  If so why  then can something like this not happen again but with the one exception  that its not many individuals running the modified nodes but Sybil  nodes (ie me with my single modified node attached to thousands of ip  addresses).  Miners see "thousands of nodes" running a different  rule-set, so are they now pressured to upgrade as is claimed with UASF?   I would say obviously not and if not why are many claiming UASF nodes  had any influence?
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:40:29
This is where I disagree yes.  The more miners, and only miners, the more decentralized.  The way I am trying to prove it is by an example.  Take any POW coin - lets say it has 100 miners and 900 fully validating non mining nodes.  Can I now gain an influence on that chain by running my modified single full node and connecting it to 2000 ip addresses?  The 1000 real/honest nodes will see each of my IP's as a unique  node.  I am saying my 2000 nodes will have no influence on the consensus rules of the chain.  Giving this how is non mining full nodes important then?
@_date: 2019-05-21 06:38:57
No trust required when using SPV.  I get your point on centralized companies however that is already where mining is headed (or already at).  Cannot see how less full nodes would necessarily accelerate this.
@_date: 2019-05-20 07:26:09


You see this is exactly the point I am trying to contest.  I know that is the general narrative but I am trying to use my "Single user Sybil activated fork" to show that it cannot be the case.  Let's say hypothetically today BTC miners and users is on board for a 1 to 2Mb block cap change.  If I now spin up a node that will still **reject** blocks over 1Mb and connect this node to number of IP addresses that exceed those of the current full nodes.  The miners will see all this *support* from nodes who wants to stay on the 1Mb cap and be pressured to do accordingly?  No they won't, they will upgrade as most users and especially businesses/exchanges made it clear they are going to 2Mb.  So where in this entire process has the number of full nodes have anything to do with pressure being exerted on miners?


hmmm... I am not one of those claiming the whitepaper has the final authority on Bitcoin however it is  clearly stated there and I agree in this instance.  How would you overcome the Byzantine Generals problem without the majority being honest?
@_date: 2019-05-21 13:02:07






Ok I can agree to that. Which probably mean I am inclined to slide the scale towards product practicality for new users (ease of use for one) using decentralization as a means not an end.  To be clear I really think the chances of scenarios that has been suggested is negligibly small because of the economics at play (even when governments are at involved for ex).  Now I know you and others heavily disagree and that's fine.


Yeah I did hear them but by low level I mean like in detail of how governments would actually pull  something off where they could effectively amass a majority hash.  Like sketch a scenario where a enough countries co-operate and one day seize all mining equipment and start mining alternative rules (like 22 mil  coins or whatever).  How they will do this successfully, the public and bitcoin community fighting back, etc. Not forgetting that they can cause havoc with 51% hash on the *current* unmodified rule-set in any case. Why the government would be incentivized to do this in the first place, especially if they know that the users (including SPV ones) will eventually find their way back to the correct chain making their one useless.


Totally get this but as explained why I think that economics in any case guarantee the strongest chain is not malicious. 


Personally I am thinking what single miner in their right mind would think there is any gain/incentive in a chain with inflated supply which will be abandoned, let alone the majority of miners. 


Sure but the converse is also true that with full nodes you *still* have to follow the news in the event the Bitcoin rules *does* in fact change with the community's wishes so that you can upgrade appropriately.
I think I am going draw the line here (don't want to irritate people).  This whole exercise was definitely worth it for me and I am grateful to everyone's (especially your) contributions. Time read through everything again, rethink an approach (like arguing for both sides and considering SPV attack scenarios) write it up and go for round 2.
Thanks again
@_date: 2019-05-20 05:56:08


This is a helpful insight thanks.
@_date: 2019-05-19 09:05:44
I think we might agree here.  You agree then that non mining fully validating nodes does not help the network then.  You only help yourself?
@_date: 2019-05-20 11:13:22
I totally agree that voicing support puts pressure on miners.  I am just saying the number of full nodes does not have an influence on miners.


Perhaps, debatable maybe...
@_date: 2019-05-20 09:50:39
Some food for thought.  Thanks for all your input.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:58:46
My "majority hash is enough" assumption comes from the Bitcoin whitepaper so if this is indeed incorrect (or only partially correct) it changes a lot of things.  So far what I have learned from all this discussions the claim is full nodes is only for one major reason and that is to protect yourself (not anyone else) in hypothetical - but highly unlikely scenario in my opinion - situation where a controversial ruleset is passed by the majority miners not acceptable to the community.  This is not even considering a majority hash can in any case mine empty blocks or cause other havoc that still follows the current consensus rules.  *Making unconfirmed txs safer would be another reason for full nodes perhaps.*
I cannot see how your 22mil scenario is practical (or any unsupported 50% takeover).  Why would miners expend resources on a chain which they know is or will be worthless?  To me the greatest breakthrough in this decentralized blockchain technology introduced by Satoshi is exactly this economics at play creating emergent properties such as the majority of miners will be honest (as uncomfortable as that might feel)
If staying on the correct chain means ability to setup a full node and keep up to date with what is happening top Bitcoin so that you can know when and when not to change your node version and to which version it means highly crypto literate users.  SPV users still has a choice which chain they want to follow which is vastly easier than running a full node.
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:16:40
Thanks that was some good reading.  I want to highlight one paragraph in there:


I assume "[gained a nontrivial amount of traction]( is measured in terms of how many nodes was running BIP148.  If so why then can something like this not happen again but with the one exception that its not many individuals running the modified nodes but Sybil nodes (ie me with my single modified node attached to thousands of ip addresses).  Miners see "thousands of nodes" running a different rule-set, so are they now pressured to upgrade as is claimed with UASF?  I would say obviously not and if not why are many claiming UASF nodes had any influence?