@_author: fidelityrep
@_date: 2015-09-21 14:24:20
I think it's not good business for those banks to act that way. But at the same time, is having a bank account a right? Does a business have a right to choose who to do business with or not? Can you expect a bank, or any business, but be required to shoot itself in the foot by supporting the very business that spell its doom?
I'm a bitcoin supporter and believe it is the future of currency. However, since when did the up and comer deserve help from its competitor? 
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:48:33
I guess it depends on what you mean by rights.
There are negative and positive rights. I don't know if you're familiar with them or not, so I'll just briefly explain them. If you are, then please don't be offended.
A positive right is something that obliges action from other people on an individual's behalf; it's something that enslaves the person who is doing the action. If, for example, you believe a person has a RIGHT to an education, that is a positive right, and obliges others to act in order for that to happen. It actually enslaves others in order for it to happen.
A negative right, on the other hand, simply obliges others to refrain from acting. Drinking a 64 oz soda in New York is a negative right. The only thing required from others in relation to that right is that people refrain from taking any action to restrict it. The negative right isn't about others, but about the person who has the right, but it's worth noting that negative rights liberate others to do other things, whereas positive rights enslave them. 
The moral being from this is that negative rights are legitimate and positive rights are illegitimate. Others might not agree, but that's my contention.
According to this, the idea of having a bank account being a right would make it a positive right. It doesn't require that others refrain from action to allow you to have a bank account, it obliges and enslaves others to make that happen for you. In the case of the article, the positive right to have a bank account enslaves the bank owners (who we know are not necessarily always good guys, but that's irrelevant) to provide a service to someone. It's bad enough to have the decision of who you will do business with controlled by someone else, but when you are then forced to do business with someone that by doing so will spell your doom, that is worse. 
Don't get me wrong. I want the banks to go away. But it's not appropriate to expect them to be the agents of their own undoing. 
In addition, if bitcoin needs propping by the current system, and laws made that make it so they can have bank accounts too etc., then to me, that's a failed business model. I don't believe that Bitcoin companies NEED bank accounts to survive. One of the salient benefits of Bitcoin is that you don't need a bank account. It is certainly inconvenient. But, necessity is the mother of invention, and it's probably healthy that bitcoin companies be forced to come up with alternate solutions than use conventional banking for their business. 
Even in the US you can have legal problems for having too much cash on hand. There are countless examples of being pulled over for whatever reason, having your vehicle searched, and then having your money confiscated and you rarely, if ever, get any of it back. 
But implying that that means that the government demands you have a bank account is a stretch. Even if we accept that premise, just because a government demands something, that doesn't mean it's a right. Law does not equate morality or ethics. Just because something is legal or illegal doesn't automatically bestow upon it some sort of morality. 
The thing is, pursuing State-sponsored legitimacy (when you said "either acknowledge Bitcoin and alternative payment systems as legal or make having a bank account a civil right) isn't the solution for bank account. State-sponsored legitimacy will actually hurt bitcoin. It allows for state regulation, it allows for easier taxation, it allows for government fees, and it allows the state to control it. All those things will make transaction costs go up, will reduce the pseudo-anonymity (though hopefully someday full anonymity), and ruins it as a method for resisting the government through counter-economies etc. 
Governments can't REALLY prevent people from using bitcoin, by its nature. I appreciate and agree with your frustration about the supposed catch-22 of either making it legit or making having a bank account a right. I say though, that that's a false choice. Bitcoin doesn't need the State to make it legitimate, and it certainly doesn't need bank accounts. Look at Coinbase. They've become largely mainstream and have given in to governments about regulations etc. But they now hold cash as well as bitcoin. That means the solution is there and available with someone with the wherewithal and inclination to make it happen. I don't have it, I'm more of a philosophical and casual follower of bitcoin than a power user, but I still think I'm right, ha. ;)