@_author: fif9897
@_date: 2018-01-23 10:48:49
I disagree, use Ubuntu. I don't like Ubuntu, but for people unfamiliar with Linux, it's the right choice. Now, if the amount of money involved is enough that you're struggling with this decision, because security is paramount, then just but a ledger nano s already.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:31:16
Agreed. They want to issue their own coins, on their own blockchains. This way, they get to control transactions, accounts, take fees for activity, control issuance and issue themselves free coins (through some mechanism, such as that they're staking or whatever their excuse is), etc etc. If this is allowed to happen, the banks position of power will be greater, and their abuses of it will be far worse than anything today's banks do to us.
@_date: 2018-01-27 11:07:16
Just thought I'd put this here 
Also, the dot com bubble at it's height was not only much larger ( than the bitcoin "bubble" he mentioned, but also occurred before quantitative easing, meaning those dollars were worth dramatically less than the number of dollars involved today (and I say dollars, but unlike the dot com bubble which was almost exclusively something that happened in America, Bitcoin investors are spread across all continents).
@_date: 2018-01-23 10:30:16
What a load of nonsense. The scenario you describe is completely made up.
It's absolutely no different from if you had your private key stolen under any other circumstance, why should your friend take responsibility for the fact that you were hacked.
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:24:11
I'd use hirens cd in this scenario too.  when you're done using it. They don't accept donations in bitcoin yet, but they do accept donations (and it sounds like they're doing you a massive favour here - you'll be impressed how well the password removal works!)
@_date: 2017-07-21 13:23:19
Local Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-07-30 07:46:08
Aww, this got a little out of hand. Frogolocalypse and Korih0r, how about you guys hug and make up. Maybe you'll end up being best of friends. LN is some pretty complicated stuff, I wouldn't call anyone who's even aware of its existence stupid. And I believe I've read elsewhere, that LN is not expected to be the scaling solution we're looking for to get to Visa levels (though, who knows), but it will, I believe, make instant microtransactions possible. I'm pretty happy if that's "all" it ever manages to pull off.
@_date: 2017-07-14 10:15:08
This is just me spitballing, but could segwit2x lead to the following: marginally reduced fees, but spamming ensuring it doesn't fall too low. False sense of security, as the block increases to 8MB (segwit2x proposal) - false sense of security as in, that we don't need to worry about scaling (which is ludicrous, with the miniscule increase in tx/sec proposed). Having centralised the nodes somewhat, and increased the demands on their hardware, for no real gains (only linear) in tx/sec, if 25% of transactions used CF, validating transactions would now take about 40x longer than present (my working assumes: 8MB is equivalent to 20MB, and CF transactions take 5x longer than standard).
CF might then be painted as dangerous to stability of nodes, and a threat that might cause further centralisation.
@_date: 2017-07-24 08:35:34
Agreed, the price of Bitcoin is so hotly contested, daily volume is enormous. 
@_date: 2017-07-14 08:10:21
Reducing fee pressure will decrease the cost of spam. Node operators will need to buy additional RAM and disk space, to accommodate this spam.
Miners will be able to use spam to control the fee market.
Adversaries will be able to use spam to keep the pressure on the mempool, nodes may have to set up swapfiles.
A node will require a dedicated machine with higher RAM and storage specifications than an average machine - and all for a linear increase in transaction capacity that is essentially a rounding error on the path to 40,000 tx/sec, and perhaps fees that turn out to be barely cheaper than now.
Threatened decentralisation, new attack vectors, increased burden of spam.
I haven't covered that the full blockchain history would likely not be kept by many - instead nodes may well discard history more than a few years old - which means if you hope to prove the paper trail of funds in the future, you'll have to rely on "trusted third parties" who keep 10+ years of history, and perhaps when charge for their assistance in your query.
Full nodes are very important, they ensure consensus rules are being followed. If they are centralised, there are less nodes to intimidate into following new laws (perhaps around censorship), or to convince/co-erce to change consensus rules.
Bitcoin is amazing now, I want to scale to visa levels and far beyond, but linear increases in transaction capacity via blocksize increases are near useless as an option for getting there.
@_date: 2017-07-26 14:47:55
My understanding is that this is significant for a number of reasons, amongst them that or enables more efficient pricing of risk in the bitcoin market to develop, and that it enables "institutional investors" to purchase the option or right to buy some amount of bitcoin at a particular price within a given time frame. This then enables them to, for example, open positions above that price point, with surety that if a sudden movement pushes the price to (or below?) the price on their option, they can call it in, which I believe puts a cap on their possible losses, effectively - more so than a stop limit orders, which might suffer slippage if the position was large enough. These types of products also allow investors who are delegating to authorize trading which otherwise would be deemed too risky. They do on the other hand come at a cost, so it's no trivial thing to use them well.