@_author: figarojones
@_date: 2019-05-22 02:17:17
At first, I was thinking, " Well, BTC is speculative, so if it's a choice between $1 cash and $1 worth of BTC, I'd go with the cash.   
Then I realized it's ***one whole bitcoin***, which is about $8,000 at this point. Chances are it won't crash by the time they can convert it to cash (if they choose to do so).   
I'd love  a choice like that.
@_date: 2019-05-22 08:56:37
I referenced the dollar value because it's the easiest point of reference. Saying $8000 or £4000 or €2500 is equal to one Bitcoin would achieve the same result. I think you missed my point, and you're also using the same logic gold salesmen use. 
Imagine someone breaks into my bank and steals the money there; I've lost nothing because it's insured. Imagine also that the stock market crashes, which sinks the value of whatever my native currency is; there's going to be entire government agencies working on returning it to original value. 
Now, imagine that someone steals the hard drive which is housing my BTC; there is no way for me to recover it. Imagine also that the price of BTC tanks, and it goes from £4,000 value to £1,000 value; there's no backing organization to work on stabilizing or returning the price to it's original value.
Seriously, look at the price history of gold, and understand that they make all these same arguments *every single time* gold spikes in value. BTC is a good idea, but until it actually gets some kind of insurance and/or backing system, it will remain a speculative commodity. And if it becomes a standard currency, great! But I'll believe it when I see it.
@_date: 2019-05-22 09:52:55
I'm sorry that I've done research on actual economic trends throughout history, and that I'm skeptical after every Fiat alternative I've *ever* seen has failed. You're argument boiled down to, " You're thinking about BTC in terms of dollar value, when you should be thinking the opposite. Imagine if it becomes the standard worldwide currency!" This is a great thought, but misses several key points, including historical precident, actual facts, or an answer to security issues. 
There's a bigger issue of mass acceptance as well; namely, I hear constant talk of it becoming the default currency, but I don't actually see any feasible means of that happening *without* a governing body. Some businesses take it, just like they take Apple and Google Pay, but the majority of the world still use bank and credit cards. Why is the average person, who's just trying to get by and pay their bills, going to invest the time and effort to change to an entirely new currency, especially when the price is dictated by the whim of the market? What responsible business owner would choose to deal primarily in BTC, when they still have to operate within the jurisdictional laws (ie. Taxes, social security, business license fees, etc.) when it might be worth far less by the time they have to pay everything? Of course, they could choose to convert to local Fiat, but that's doubling the amount of work they have to do when compared to dealing with the local currency. Not to mention that if they're robbed, they can put in an insurance claim for cash taken, but not for the hard drive that was holding their money. 
You're talking pipe dreams; I'm talking actual implementation. I've been hearing about how the dollar is going to collapse "any day" since the mid-80's, and it's always from people who don't actually understand how economics work. They see as far as their own personal experience, but fail to see the larger overall scheme of things. You can feel superior to everyone else if you want, but it doesn't change the fact that BTC is nowhere near ready to be a feasible currency for 90% of the world. 
So I'll say it again. *IF* it becomes primary currency, great! But I'll believe it when I see it.
@_date: 2019-05-22 22:12:48
All one needs is the history of paradigm shifts in currency, and a basic awareness of human psychology. In short, people don't like change, unless it's of higher convenience. It's important to note at this point that you still haven't actually given any sort of answer to my questions about *how* mainstream usage and acceptance is going to happen; just deflected with insults because I don't agree with you. 
At this point, it's pretty clear that you drank the Kool aid without actually knowing what was in it. You probably fell in love with the idea of an uncontrolled currency, because you believe the government manages it incompetently (and view taxes as tyrannical). You also probably believe economics is a study of currencies. Most importantly, you believe anyone who doesn't purchase BTC is an idiot. All of these notions are either partially or completely incorrect. They always are when someone thinks they have one up on everyone. Right now, you're in the same territory as a house flipper in 2005, or a gold speculator in the early 2000's. 
There is a place for BTC, but it's not where you think it is, unless there's a drastic shift in how it's managed. So, instead of derision, *pretty please, with a cherry on top*, tell me the actual means by which BTC will become a universal currency.
@_date: 2019-05-22 02:27:08
Okay, I get that BTC has it's advantages, but one of the things that always bothers me is that supporters seem to misunderstand the nature of BTC's speculative value. It's no different than when gold spikes, and everyone comes out claiming we should dump all our cash for gold (because it will always go up). People aren't sheep because they prefer actual regulated currency to a speculative one. $1 will always be worth $1, and the most fluctuation you'll see will be inflation. Wait until the next big crash happens and BTC drops to 50% of it's current value, and then tell me that it's a smarter currency than cash.   
And before you go into the spiel about how the dollar is going to crash any day now, understand that if that happens, the entire world economy (including values of gold and BTC) will crash, too. The worst thing that could possibly happen is all the doomsaying will come true. Instead, hope the dollar stays strong and invest in BTC as a secondary investment/currency.
@_date: 2019-05-31 21:38:13
Thank you!
@_date: 2019-05-22 04:36:03
Having grown up relatively poor, I can say there were plenty of normies who would have been willing to invest in any number of things, had they the money. In fact, the sheer number of successful scams in this country are perpetrated using the principal that if you invest a small amount of time and money, you'll have the potential to see large results. I'm also old enough to have seen my fair share of "guaranteed" returns wipe out people's savings, so I tend to think it's completely fair for someone to be skeptical of an esoteric new investment, *especially* because the people promoting it tend to talk about how much better it is than cash. Remember any of the housing crises? Or any of the gold crashes? All of these became bubbles because, in part, the people behind them built up how weak the dollar was against those commodities. How about the Savings &amp; Loan scandals? Or Bernie Madoff? People lost all their saving because they were promised unrealistic returns. 
Honestly, I'm counting down the days until the market for BTC crashes. If it doesn't, it will be the first time in history (That I'm aware of) something gained value this quickly and maintained growth. All it will take is enough holders of BTC to sell it off for a large portion of others to lose confidence. Without confidence, it will be perceived as valueless, which will crash the BTC market. You may hate the Fed (as do I, at times), but they serve a purpose in regulating and securing the dollar, as do other government-backed banks for fiats. Look into the inflation explosion of the 70's; they made incredibly unpopular decisions, but it kept the dollar afloat. BTC, otoh, doesn't have a regulatory body or any form of insurance, which means that if it's stolen or crashes, there's no way to avoid losing all that value. 
So, please, stop treating everyone who doesn't buy electronic gold as some form of mindless sheep. If you have the ability to purchase or mine it, GREAT! But it doesn't make everyone without those opportunities stupid.
@_date: 2019-05-22 09:07:31
To make my point, look at the responses in this thread: 
 If it had involved standard currency, he could actually contact the police, or (because he would have most likely paid with check or credit card), put a stop payment on it. Yet everyone is mocking him *because he accidentally sent BTC to the wrong person, and there's nothing he can do about it.* Any argument about this becoming a mainstream currency will need to address such a glaring issue.