@_author: fight4foreskin
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:14:18
can you take your blood pressure quickly and share it here?  It would add to my enjoyment of your comments.
@_date: 2019-12-05 02:33:38


So you're saying Robert F. Smith's with a net worth is $5 billion is not black?  Cause he's on the list but you said there wasn't a single black person so can you help me understand whats going on here?
Youre saying its FAKE NEWS that on that list  Oprah.  Or you think she is not a black person?  It's confusing for me because she seems like a self made female black billionaire who came up from extreme poverty to land amongst the most wealthy americans.  But you're telling me that's not true and impossible because of your ancestors.  So I guess how should we get Forbes to change 
Bob Johnson who is not on the list but a self made black billionaire himself was making comments about trump himself recently, saying the election is his to lose.  


So we should commit more injustices today because two wrongs make a right amirite?


Then donate your time and money if you want.  It's not the role of government, in my opinion, to force the redistribution of assets to people based on their race.
@_date: 2019-12-05 13:56:01


I was in thee top 1% of earners last year cause I told a bunch of crypto to buy a new house.  
But according to what program only the 1% pays?  Oprah is in the 1% but her ancestors didnt own slaves.  Is she going to pay in to the program or will she be collecting a check?  
These are exactly the type of specifics I want to know about a potential reparations program and why I asked so many questions about who would qualify and all those questions went unanswered and were swept under the rug so thats why I call the program "utopia".


I would be paying a fee for it right?  I mean other times I pay a fee like for speeding, that's a punishment right?  Dems like sanders and warren regulaly blame millionaies like me for this counties problems do they not?  If millionaires were honestly responsible for the problems in this country, wouldn't extra tax serve as a punishment for causing the problems?


Saying stuff like this comes of as smug as hell.  You seem like an eleitest who rushes to judge others. I hope you can eventually grow into person who is less greedy and has less resentment about people who have more than you.
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:31:04




140 billion / 600 billion = Savings of 23% 


Well if someone only made about $50 a year and they made 23% more and earned an extra $12 netting them $62 total, I would honestly say that person is better off. Would you not?
@_date: 2019-12-04 18:14:33


Jesus Christ, are you serious? You know about the changes to the tax law right?  I thought how much that helped the rich was one of the leftist talking points.
@_date: 2019-12-04 23:39:21


I was asking you guys questions about how it was going to go.  Im not proposing a new program, you guys are.  


What's "the problem"?  To me "the problem" is people who want to punish others for sins they did not commit.
@_date: 2019-12-04 23:22:36


Right, doing nothing is better than rushing to act and doing something that's 100% not fair to everyone.
@_date: 2019-12-05 05:40:02


Do you vote?


Did I ever say I wanted a solution everyone was 100% happy with?  I dont think I did. I was asking just very basic questions about how a policy like this would be implemented, what would be limitations, and who would be eligible.  It's basic due diligence to ask this kind of stuff when even considering implementing policy like reparations for slavery.  The fact that you wont reply to my questions just shows how far off the deep end of crazy policy like that is, you can reply to the questions without losing most of america.
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:01:44


What makes you think this?  I literally said above "Government never cared about the free market, that's why we should try and minimize the size and power of government." regardless of what party is in power.  You have basic reading comprehension right?


I hope you're trolling, but if you're serious you should think more about the math and consider all variables you are ignoring here.  You think that literally no one in the USA has more money in their pocket as the result of the trump presidency because taxes effectively went up on everyone via tariffs on china?  I mean LOL.


This is extra rich given your tax math opinions presented as fact.


Oh really? Care to make any other opinions like it’s a fact?
Bernie Sanders literally voted against NAFTA in 1993.  Is that before or after Trump?  Think hard, I'm sure you can figure this out!


And how are democrats doing with this mandate in your eyes?  This is why hillary and obama and other dems get paid millions in campaign financing and give speeches to wall st. am i rite?


That's not weird at all, it's what I do too.


Show me dems doing what they are good at then if they are the better option.
@_date: 2019-12-04 19:32:34


A politician lied to us?  Thats shocking! 


How could you possibly quantify this without knowing how much tax I paid and how much shit I imported?


A free market is defined as an economic system in which prices are determined by unrestricted competition between privately owned businesses.  Government wants to control everything, thus the regulatory bodies that regulate just about every single market out there.  Government exists to regulate and restrict competition.


Wasnt till trump?  Lol, Remind me about bernie's and Hillary's (public) position on TPP was?  Seems like globalism isn't something the voters are buying if you ask me.  Politicians evolved their positions to match what the electorate wanted.
@_date: 2019-12-04 19:49:33


There is a quota of people allowed in.  Even if we gave everyone on the face of the earth a billion dollars, they all couldnt come to the USA.  


Why don't you be american and sell the device you are accessing the internet on now and give that money to someone less fortunate than yourself?


And you're triggered, lol.  Thanks for the palpable butthurt though!
@_date: 2019-12-05 13:59:38
What did he win, a BJ from you?  Or he's gonna date your wife now?
@_date: 2019-12-04 23:36:46


Ok if we aren't rushing and have a good plan of action then do you care to answer my questions about how its going to be handed in this post? 
@_date: 2019-12-04 23:29:13


Ok then present your math please about how a decrease in income tax is going to be 100% washed out for everyone in america by a consumption tax (tarif) when people spend money to import shit from china.


You're putting words in my mouth, but at local elections honestly yeah there aren't even democrats on the ballot.  The democrat is the centrist john mccain like republican in the primary. Seems like you're going for "got ya" when i'm giving a genuine reply to your question


You're aware obama is a democrat right?  Did you vote gary johnson when he was R in new mexico, cause if not he is a Libertarian. 
McCain, did you for him as a senator because when he ran for president he ran against obama and you already said you voted for obama.  And you say I pingpong incoherent arguments and incorrectly assigned rebuttals, pot meet kettle. 


Well then the democrats are going to have to change their policies, or at least reprioritize their policies because on a national level dems offer nothing that's appealing to me. Im not a migrant, I like my healthcare, I dont want more gun regulations, I dont lose sleep about trump.  Why would I vote for them?


No true scotsman
@_date: 2019-12-05 20:26:17


Im being asked to pay to correct problems I didn't make.  How is it not greedy on your part to expect me to bear the bulk of the costs when you can even give me the basics on how this type of program would work...
@_date: 2019-12-05 05:57:31


My ancestors fought in the civil war for the north and freed the slaves.  Now im being told that I owe black people for the sins of my ancestors.  How incredibly sad is right.


You see a social program and think it can create utopia.  You have lost your sense of reality if you really feel that way.
@_date: 2019-12-04 19:06:51


A flat tax on everyone.  I like it more than a graduated system.


Government never cared about the free market, that's why we should try and minimize the size and power of government.
@_date: 2019-12-04 18:34:00


We got CSW making an appearance here today I guess.
@_date: 2019-12-04 22:54:54


Oh Boy. Let's talk about how it's going to be fair.  How will we know who to pay?  Are we going to pay all black people or do they have to show they are the ancestors of slaves?  Because not all black people came here via slavery.  Does ilhan omar get reparations?  How black does someone have to be to get reparations?  Do Obama and Drake qualify or are they too white?
And how do we know who to tax?  Is it fair to tax people who may have been the victim of discrimination or institutional racism themselves (like japanese americans) to pay just one race of people? 


Make who whole? The generations of your forefathers?  Aren't they dead?  How much do we pay them?  What about black people who have overcame and are independently wealthy?  Do Kanye and MJ Oprah get checks too and do you think that check will make them "whole"?
What about women?  They were exploited for a while too.  Are they gonna get reparations next?


I think I would realize that the ancestors of the people who wronged me don't owe me anything because they didn't do it.
@_date: 2019-12-04 22:39:40


Its apparent.  


I vote in democratic primaries and plant to vote in the upcoming democratic primary.  I voted for a democratic drain commissioner but honestly not many democrats run out here on a local level.  I voted for a democrat at the state level for attorney general because I didn't like the republicans position on medical marijuana and I found him to be a bible humper.
What was the last republican or independent you voted for and why?


I don't have a party but if i did it's the libertarian party.  They dont always show well so sometimes I vote for whoever has a chance of winning that isn't going to shit on the rights of the citizens and tax me.