@_author: filesofnerds
@_date: 2016-08-27 22:47:24
Sidechain Messengers, P2P FSMs, Web Applications, Interplanetary Exchanges, Full Communism.
@_date: 2015-12-28 19:37:06
"Within a short time the Frenchman, the Mexican and the Chileño had been driven out and the full force of this anti-foreign persecution fell upon the unfortunate Chinaman. From the beginning, though well received, the Chinese had been a race apart. Their peculiar dress and pigtail marked them off from the rest of the population. Their camps at the mines were always apart from the main camps of white miners. This made it the easier to turn upon them this hatred of outsiders. With the great inrush of gold-seekers the abandoned claims which the Chinese had been working, again became desirable to the whites and the Chinese were driven from them with small concern. Where might made right the peaceable Chinaman had little chance."
— 
@_date: 2017-01-19 02:01:40
"We don't currently support phone calls." I don't get it. What does that mean? 
@_date: 2017-01-19 02:50:24
Record call &gt; speech-to-text &gt; dispatch notification to an e-mail. "We don't take calls" is one thing, but "We don't support phones"? It's a matter of convenience and robustness (liberal in what you accept).
1. We don't support phone calls.
2. We don't offer phone support.
@_date: 2016-06-21 05:03:39
Might suggest that the author is reviewing an established view of trustlessness such that 
    Q is trustless iff S trusts P iff HJK
The problem is that the established view holds trustlessness to be meaningful, but under the model of trust as inflationary: truth-apt sentences about the world needing to correspond to anything — mental states, physical states, length of the chain, consensus of vote (assuming 1Person = 1Vote).
The paper demonstrates that this model enables counterexamples under ideal circumstances of exchange wherein atomically the actor does not in fact trust the transaction; nor can we prove a correspondence of the scope of the transaction to either actor. I think an interesting corollary is the consequences for proof of stake, such that the value of a coin might leak through the errancy of excess (think XMLbombs or "proof of encoding" contracts) in transactions that are UTXOs for longer than our expectations.
@_date: 2016-02-19 14:24:36
"In the real world, we have a one citizen one vote one identity rule."
Really do wish you'd do some kind of due diligence kinda thing.
I think you're being unfair. That's about all I can respond with, my man.
@_date: 2016-02-19 10:25:57
What do you mean by "she never denied it"? What Margaret Runchey confronted about her relation to the Bitcoin White Paper?
It's obviously quite surprising that she has a patent for the same paper three times, on three different dates, roughly with the same contents and title.
To be honest, Model of Everything looks like a "first draft" of the Bitcoin White Paper — where the Bitcoin White Paper just adds crypto-spices and "unstructured simplicity" (so it removes all the W3C "discoverability" kruft).
Considering the relations to Microsoft... I wouldn't be shocked if Bitcoin had been invented (along with Farsite), and Microsoft decided to delay it because Internet Explorer. Or, more generally, Microsoft thought decentralization of the Web would hurt their profit motive.
Do you realize how many women who feel empowered, having such a role model as the Queen of the Crypto-Enlightenment?