@_author: filthyfiatlover
@_date: 2018-11-15 04:59:30
Slavery was institutionalized in the Confederate Constitution. You literally couldn't be a member state of the Confederacy and not allow slavery. They would never have ended it, because the entire point of secession was a last ditch effort to maintain the slave power that the southern aristocracy depended on, after they perceived the tide in Washington had turned against them.
@_date: 2018-11-16 03:48:42
"Sounds like you aren't aware how little actual data exists on the subject. Claims of slave abuse are greatly exaggerated and have almost no evidence to back them."
This is completely untrue, and only reveals just how ignorant you are of the subject. We have everything from the diaries of slave owners, to news stories, to court records, to the insurance records of Lloyd's of London, to extensive testimony from slaves themselves, especially the Slave Narrative Collection transcribed in the 1930s. Literally centuries worth of documentation.
The logic that 'oh, it wasn't so bad' is deeply misguided even if it were true (which it isn't, not remotely). Plus points do not get awarded just because owners might have been nice to *the human beings they owned as pets*. 
Slavery within Africa is immaterial. It's an apologist boondoggle. We aren't talking about what Africans did to each other. We're talking about what outsiders did to them. Slavery within Africa was the business of Africans. Once Europeans established the Atlantic trade they became culpable along with the domestic suppliers. 
Further, traditional slavery within Africa was often part of systems of debt management. The great West African empires built on mass slave capture weren't created until after the Europeans came along and supercharged the market with their endless appetite for agricultural workers for the New World colonies.
And slavery in Africa usually wasn't heritable. A slave's kids were not born slaves. Whereas they were in the Americas. Less than 400,000 Africans were transported to North America. But by 1861 there were nearly 4,000,000 black slaves in the South. Where did the increase come from? Simple: they were bred.
@_date: 2018-11-15 23:59:48
Sounds like you've never actually read much about slavery in the United States or the Atlantic slave trade. I'd suggest starting with 'The Half Has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism' and 'American Slave Coast: A History of the Slave-Breeding Industry'.
@_date: 2018-11-16 22:18:14
I'm an atheist.
The Kong Empire, the Ashanti Confederacy, the Bamana Empire, the Imamates of Futa Jallon and Futa Toro, Kingdom of Khasso, and Kingdom of Dahomey all are contemporaneous with and thrived on the Atlantic slave trade.
You seem to care enough to parrot bad history.
@_date: 2018-11-15 17:56:51
Slavery wasn't obsolete. It was competitive, right up until it was made illegal. It turns out that when you make people do something all day, everyday, for their entire lives (and threaten them with pain or death, or breaking up their families, if they don't do it), they become extremely good at it.
The idea that slavery would just slowly die a natural death was a meme that was being deployed even before the war. It was an excuse people used to avoid confronting a fundamental rot at the heart of the United States.