@_author: filterplz
@_date: 2013-10-17 13:53:45
Good job ignoring me so far. 


This has nothing to do with hate (although you do seem to hate my challenge and stance). It has everything to do with the manner in which you treat people. If a stranger requests that you stop laughing at something, it only makes you a bully to keep doing so


That's why you're an asshole. 


There are no rules like you said. There are only the ones you have for your self. For instance, for myself i don't make fun of other people's languages or accents because its racist and rude. My entire discourse here is to convince you that people are in fact affected and hurt by what you have said and the attitude you have. 
@_date: 2013-04-17 01:01:08
this is freaking awesome, and very informative
@_date: 2013-10-16 17:33:03
Yours is cooler, really. Enjoy being a positive contributor to society, oh except you aren't. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 15:21:28
I'm sorry that's where we disagree. 
It falls on the side of racism, no different from affecting an indian accent and making fun of convenience store workers or a southern slave one saying yes massuh. It subtly encourages people to view racist comments as acceptable, which quite frequently leads to equally subtle or outright overt discrimination. Saying Ho Lee Fuk or Sum Ting Wong (referring a situation in which people fucking died no less) is equivalent to saying Two Wongs make a White, or me love you long time, recalling the poor treatment of chinese workers in the western american frontier and prostitution during wartime vietnam. It is not something to be joked about and should not be perpetuated. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 14:34:38
People can only make insensitive jokes when they are close enough for the relationship and context to override the offense. If you make insensitive jokes in a public forum where there is no prior relationship, it can only mean that you have no respect for the people you are joking about. It's not about being politically correct, its about mutual courtesy and respect. And I'm not talking about earned respect, i'm talking about basic human decency.  
@_date: 2013-10-17 11:43:12
Just quit it. It pisses people off. Its not funny and we request that you stop it. When someone says something pisses them off, i stop it unless its unreasonable. I am not being unreasonable because the end result is damaging - that part is inarguable. It doesn't matter if you think you're being a nice guy or not, because in this particular instance you're arguing for the asshole side. Don't act like a child who's throwing a tantrum because their loud and annoying  toy is being taken away.
@_date: 2013-10-16 18:10:39
Some people claim ignorance is an excuse. But if i'm up in someone's grill trying to explain the alternate viewpoint, they can no longer claim ignorance - they must either defend their reasoning or simply admit they're doing it out of spite. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 13:17:34
Mods, if you're watching please remove this. Tasteless, old racist jokes have no place here. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 23:53:41
First. let's start with this - a normal person would have stopped long ago if someone came up to their face and said: Stop, that's offensive and not funny. That's all a civil person needs to know in order to stop being a dick. However since you insist on defending your right laugh regardless of that, here is some evidence that there is in fact actual damage: 
I think its safe to say that plenty of studies have concluded that racism is much more subtle than you may think. A "harmless" joke reinforces negative stereotypes and perpetuates the cycle. 


This is incredibly untrue. If the evidence shows you were defending yourself you should have no fear of race backlash. The issue with trayvon martin was the lack of information that the public had, along with framing by the media. Also If a group of black men beat a veteran to death no one throws the race card? I don't know what you are trying to get at?


You're clearly, clearly high. Despite intellectual luddites like you and the constant struggles that minorities face, we've made a lot of progress, due to people who care and understand and make the effort to perform studies and educate the public. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 15:12:36
That's the whole point - you don't go about insulting strangers, especially where they will hear/see you. It is rude and disrespectful, how do you not get that? Do whatever you want with your friends, they're not going to care obviously and that's your own business. 
@_date: 2013-10-09 16:57:32
Did no one actually read the article? The author says people desire anonymity enough to keep bitcoin relevant. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:03:52
No. Grow up, and stop being an ass about all those things. You can do whatever you want in private and with your friends, but act like an adult when you are around strangers and in a public forum. A little dash of courtesy would go a long way for making the world, let alone reddit a better place if you could just keep that in mind. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 13:19:06
Deriving entertainment via a mockery of someone's language in a public forum constitutes a racist action, regardless of intent. By your reasoning someone needs to be a certified expert in racism to call it out? What kind of crazy pills are you taking?
@_date: 2013-04-06 03:59:31
stop hating yourself, everyone makes mistakes. You should calm down and either seek help and/or move on with your life in a productive way. Find someone to talk to who can help you to vent, either a family member or a close friend. Once you have calmed down, then address your problems step by step and solve them one at a time. If its simply money then you can get a job and pay it back. If you already have a job, then you need to forgo some luxuries for a bit to save up. Now that you know you have an issue with gambling, do not go back. Lesson learned, now man up, move on, and be thankful that you didn't learn it after dealing with a loan shark in vegas. Trust me life can suck sometimes, but if you keep a good attitude and give it an honest effort, you can almost always (ironically) turn the odds in your favor
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:12:35
At this stage of the game, it seems more like the prisonors dilemma. The optimal strategy would be for everyone to spend a little bit to accelerate the adoption of bitcoin. However, for an individual, the best strategy is to hoard and hope the rest of the world spends. Unfortunately, if everyone followed the individual strategy, believing that someone else would pick up the responsibility of developing the market, the demand for a bitcoin denominated economy would dry up and the long term value of bitcoins would fall. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 13:21:29
We know what it is a reference to. And no, just because a lot of people find it funny, its not ok. Nigger watermelon fried chicken jokes are funny to a lot of people but its not ok. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:11:37
Do you think i'm the only person in the world who is offended by your attitude? I will repeat it again: it is Rude, Disrespectful and Damaging. Paula Deen was completely in the wrong at whatever time she said it. Does her punishment match the crime? Probably not, but she was absolutely guilty of wrongdoing in the first place, and trust me she isn't hurting for money. 
If you are getting hurt by saying stupid shit, stop saying it! how simple is that? I haven't lost a single thing by not approving racist comments, and trust me I've had plenty of success and fun in my life. How on earth are you handicapping yourself by taking the high road? Are you serious that you think your hands are tied in a multicultural society by not insulting them every once in a while? That's a complete stretch by any standard. 
You may think we're being too touchy. You would be wrong. That isn't a valid reason for continuing your shitty attitude and behavior. 
@_date: 2013-08-27 18:57:39
I would use this if the prices were lower. I usually am able to get a very nice bouquet for my wife for around $40-$50 anytime except valentine's day (yes i understand the whole anywhere, anytime bit... but what if i'm not in a rush?)
@_date: 2013-10-16 13:33:12
Guess what, you are wrong. I have very thick skin and i will take anything directed at me personally and judge the context appropriately. This is more than personal however, it is pure racist and culturally insensitive. You're simply on the wrong side of history and wrong in how you think. Just because people haven't spoken up about an issue as much as others doesn't mean its acceptable. This is a flat out, racist joke which people think is OK because not enough people took a stand. Well I'm taking one - its offensive and unacceptable. Feel free to say or think whatever you want as its a free country, I'm just calling everyone out here and letting others know that I personally won't stand for it. If you have any shred of self respect for your own culture or someone else's you wouldn't either. 100 years ago you could make fun of any race in america and 90% of the white population would agree with you. Now you say something stupid about jews, gays or blacks and you'd be very sorry in quick order (rightly so). Its time that someone stood for asians as well.  
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:48:56


All you have to do is quit defending the joke as if your future and personal freedom hinge upon it. Because they don't. I'm not restricting your right to free speech. I'm appealing to your sense of not being a person who's willing to throw another person's culture under the bus in order to elicit a chuckle. 


Its still preposterous to me that you don't recognize that this is racist and damaging. Even aside from the straight up, disrespect offered up by such a comment...every time a person is casually racist, it sows the seeds of full blown discrimination, whether or not you are even aware of it. 
"making fun of someone's accent"
falls under racism
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:23:51


Having people agree with you doesn't validate your argument in the slightest, especially since your stance is/was the default stance before people are actually educated. However, you’ve pointed out multiple times that I’m the “only” one who has an issue with this. Reality check, even having more than one person agree with me validates the fact that the topic of casual racism is indeed an actual issue, worthy of being called out. 
Look, I will concede that the numbers of people agreeing or disagreeing mean less when considering if the original language does in fact constitute racism or not. This isn’t a poll or a vote. What I’ve tried to do is convince you that making fun of someone’s language/accent does in fact cause real harm. I have been on the receiving end of that harm, and I don’t want my family and descendents to face it either. Life will throw plenty of challenges at them regardless of what I do. But they don’t need racism to be one of them 


Well now we have something known as "think before you speak", in addition to “don’t be a jerk”. something that everyone should do. This isn’t about free speech or suppressing valuable art, opinion or information. It’s about not being a dick to someone you don’t know. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 18:39:56
hey it's my voice against many - they don't agree with me and i don't agree with them. My initial downvote and comment was because the whole thing didn't contribute. After that it became a slugfest, with none of it contributing to the original topic (bitcoin difficulty). Your subsequent comment:


show parent


deserves about 50 downvotes
@_date: 2013-10-17 13:10:05
I speak for more than myself and it is not presumptuous in the slightest. There are plenty of people who support me, just that they haven't seen the discussion. 
You can find plenty of things funny and it would still be wrong, and you would still be an asshole. This is one of them
It is damaging because it perpetuates racism. How can you not see that?  Again, this has nothing to do with differences between races. It is making fun of the way a language sounds which is fucking rude and disrespectful. 
You are free to joke with people, and insult them personally or broadly IF YOU KNOW THEM and they are aware of the context. You are also free to do so in public but you're going to get called out as a jerk because that's what jerks do. It's not something stupid simply because you don't believe it. 
You are the child. It's not "mommy he's making fun of me." It's "quit talking shit about my language, it is unappreciated and unwelcome". And I am very much taking something away. I'm taking away your right to do such things unchallenged because it is fundamentally wrong to what you are doing. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:26:18
Well he clearly doesn't care. I do, and I've also informed him why I think he should. And next time I see you or someone else doing something similar, I'll be screaming bloody murder until you stop getting that positive response, or you get fed up with my annoying pushback
@_date: 2013-10-16 17:11:38
It doesn't hurt me to try.
Also, just because reddit is full of assholes doesn't make it right to be one
@_date: 2013-10-16 18:50:03
It wasn't even close to a good defense. Differences aren't the argument. What X% of people care about wasn't the argument. It isn't even about zero tolerance. Its about how you treat your fellow human beings in civil discourse. Why don't you go up to someone and yell racist shit at them? Because its rude and inconsiderate. Not because the majority doesn't care, or only one person out of 10 cares.  None of what you are doing here is civil. 
Why are you so annoyed by my stance anyways? You sound like a spoiled child being petulant after an adult takes away their annoying  loud toys that are disturbing others. Just stop with the racist comments and it'll be fine. I'm going to outlast all of you in commenting anyways because i have a vested interest. Are you really that committed to ho lee fuk and sum ting wong that you are willing to waste your time on me? Honestly, you and i both know that you have a lot of better things to do. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:48:49
so you're not only casually racist but misogynistic too? SRS indeed
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:47:36
No one said it was fringe opinion. I'm stating that whoever believes what you believe, even if the majority - is wrong. You are all causing real harm 
Honestly, in all those cases you posted, what i'm reading is whining from people who have been forced to reconsider how we treat others, and highlights that people really do need to be less like bulls in a china shop breaking shit because they're too stupid to contain ourselves. 
In each case - we are being shown that how you treat people MATTERS and has severe consequences. Every time you smooth out one of these friction points, race relations become BETTER. The answer is not "oh please, this isn't worthy of attention" its "I'm sorry, we'll do our best to avoid this in the future" 
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:55:31
ok, so where does it get time data from? does everybody's clock have to be synchronized or something? or is an average of the clocks across the network?
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:18:51
Because I am Asian and its fucking rude regardless of what race I am. However, since you asked -I've lost count of how many times assholes have come up to me in my life and told me to open my eyes, ching chong chang, and go home to your own country. I could do without that bullshit for myself and my children. Kindly respect why someone would find this offensive. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:48:24


What i'm trying to tell you is that it isn't a small thing. It's clear that I'm not regulating you because I have no power to enforce my wishes over you. What I'm doing is pushing back with enough force of reason so that you can recognize the harm from your attitude and hopefully self-regulate because you could eventually realize what you're doing isn't productive or very nice. 
And yes i have written prior letters and emails to organizations that have profited in poor taste using racist comments. I have not watched south park. 


It's not your responsibility to not offend me. It's my responsibility to tell you that you're being a jerk and promoting racist behaviour, and you get to do whatever you want with that information. I can only hope that my arguments have swayed you to the point that you choose not to do it again. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 12:08:28
I have a question. Where/how does the bitcoin network get its timestamp/clock data? how does it know to regulate block/coin production to every 10 minutes? EG is it possible for someone with enough compute power to change the network time? 
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:41:18
I'm in a subreddit for bitcoin. I'm calling out stupid racist bullshit that doesn't contribute to the topic at hand, and signaling that it is NOT OK to do so, along with my reasoning. Anyone is welcome to say what they want, but if they don't like the response, they are free to leave as well. 
@_date: 2013-04-17 01:18:29
I re-posted this on Facebook, and now i'm going to die
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:33:16
There really needs to be a distinction made between online wallets and exchanges getting hacked, and the blockchain itself being hacked. Obviously internet wallets and exchanges can be hacked and DDOS'd, just like any online banking, credit card or exchange system. Given the amount of growing pains some of these sites have had in the last days (and years), its obvious that they still have some catching up to do compared to major financial services companies.  However, the blockchain and the network itself is considered to be virtually unhackable by any single actor, and grows stronger as more people use the system. As long as you encrypt your local wallet and secure it physically or by using something like truecrypt, your bitcoins CANNOT be stolen except by human error factors (ie divulging your passwords, someone stealing your wallet drive), which is true for any valuables, commodities and currencies you own.  
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:35:18
so did we skip the institutional investors? are we already in the public zone? 95 out of 100 people on main street AND wall st have no idea what a bitcoin is
@_date: 2013-10-18 14:03:33
No its not, its calling attention to an issue i believe is important
@_date: 2013-10-16 17:22:13
i have you tagged as "asshole"
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:29:23
I'm not making decisions for anyone. I'm pointing out that its rude.There's nothing that I can do to force you to do anything except to tell people what they have done and why it is offensive. I have no credentials except to say that i'm a living breathing person that aspires to be a decent human being. I would hope that others would aspire to the same, but what do i know, clearly the things that i am saying don't qualify as basic courtesy. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 14:24:40
who's talking about differences? everybody knows people are different. It's disrespect we're talking about here.
comparing this to a roast is idiotic as well. These jokes are uninvited, and coming at the expense of people who care. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:02:21


Absolutely not. I am not alone in this argument. 


Again, absolutely not - you can be non-racist and recognize every single difference between cultures and societies in a way that's respectful. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 15:49:44
You have a lot of good points, but i'm still not conceding my original one. Yes there are bigger existing issues than what i'm saying, but this is where it starts. Like I said, the subtle things can add up, and morph and snowball over time into bigger problems down the line. My objection here may never change anything but I'll take that chance. This is not a compromise situation; You don't say oh, we shouldn't spend any effort on petty theft or simple assault because white collar crime results in billions more dollars in economic damage and only murders are worth investigating. The world has a million problems, and everything needs to be addressed. 


Absolutely no, no, no - Calling attention to a problem doesn't hurt who i am representing, (it can only consume my time and attention). If people think i'm being whiny or oversensitive, its because they already felt that way, and are threatened - exactly what i want them to feel. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 00:08:23






You get over it. I'm not going away. Internet trolling is not the rain. It may be inevitable but it comes from people with brains in their heads capable of making decisions, despite their proclivity to not use them. With enough effort they can be influenced over time. 
 Like I said before, my skin is plenty thick - that doesn't mean i sit there and take it when someone offers me disrespect. You don't need a press secretary to say "hey, maybe you shouldn't say this, becuase you know... it's racist". Maybe what you needed was a 100+ post discussion on reddit burned into your memory. 
I would suggest we close this thread and consolidate in the other one. I've posted things there that address this one.  
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:07:08


Thank you. It's oddly fulfilling to have a nemesis. Please don't post or upvote racist stuff, even in jest!
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:09:38


I'm not familiar with this form of idiom but it is an entertaining visual. Yes i would do the same i guess?
Fine - i retract that the mods remove it. You're right that this entire thread should remain visible. But I stand my ground on this:


is racist if not among friends. end of discussion.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:57:30
If your student debt has a higher rate of interest than your mortgage, it is to your advantage to pay the student debt off first unless you are gambling with property price appreciation
@_date: 2013-10-17 19:54:39
The link clearly states that making fun of someone's accent is racist. It in no way supports your viewpoint at all. Laughing at someone's accent implies immediately a lack of courtesy and respect for others, otherwise you wouldn't do it. 
What i'm saying is your "innocent" joking leads exactly to these negative things. I'm not saying they automatically always do, but this is where it usually starts. I'm trying to say that this is where we should end it. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:53:22


As I told the other person in this thread. It is not harmless. It is degrading and disrespectful and perpetuates more subtle forms of racism. A child who hears it from his parents, or TV, or on facebook or whatever (even in jest) could mimic it and do it to his asian schoolmate, causing friction, division and ultimately ostracism and discrimination. Maybe you think that's harmless but I've seen it happen in person. I also saw said parent smack his own child in the face and apologize to me and my family after realizing he was in error. And let me tell you something, I didn't feel like I won, I feel like everybody lost in that situation even though the situation was resolved.  


Let's dance
@_date: 2013-10-17 19:03:40


that's just being facetious and you know it


It is degrading and insulting. It fosters flippancy when dealing with culturally sensitive issues. It marginalizes people who speak their native languages. It creates us vs. them mentality among groups. All of these things are psychologically, socially and economically damaging to everyone involved. I've seen it happen many times, even among my own race speaking about others. "Oh man those guys don't even speak english, who knows what the hell their plotting, i'm not going to hire him, or go into her store, or eat that food, or let their kids play with mine". This is damaging, and not hypersensitive. Stop treating it as if ignoring it will make it go away, because it won't, and i sure as hell won't either. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 14:50:56
No permission needed. Just be a good person and don't do it in the first place. Would you do it in person? Why make a joke at someone else's expense? especially if they care?
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:54:55
And like I said in multiple other posts already - do whatever you want with your friends. This isn't a group of friends. This is a public forum. If you are going to say whatever you want in front of strangers, be prepared to face the consequences, including people like myself that will disagree with you. This fully applies to myself as well - but you can bet i'm not going to let it slide. 
Specifically to your comment on someone calling you a chink to your face vs poking fun at chinky names - yes it is different. At least the guy saying it to your face isn't hiding behind internet anonymity and the safety of the misguided consensus. I'm certain the original posters don't have any malicious intent, which i understand. But now that I've stated that it is disrespectful and rude to my culture, maybe they'll think twice about doing it again. Maybe the rest of you will be so annoyed by my comments that you won't bother doing something like this again in a public forum which would be fantastic. 
Just so we're clear - making up asian names and faking accents (no matter what the race or culture) is not a harmless or victim less form of entertainment. It is mean spirited, degrading and disrespectful and encourages other forms of subtle racism which can and are perpetuated for generations. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 17:44:09
You may not agree, or care about your heritage much, but to others its a direct insult and a lack of basic courtesy or respect for someone else's background and culture. Letting something like this slide is also a good way to perpetuate the doormat, model minority image, and will come back to bite you and your children in the ass just when you think the playing field is leveled. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 15:02:06




case in point
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:10:45
Its completely clear now that you're not just a racist fuck but also a pure asshole. Everything you've been saying and doing is what an asshole would do, not a civilized person. Just because the internet is full of jerks like you doesn't mean that i, or anyone else should back down from them and let you guys spew your shit. 


This is the second most outrageous thing i've heard all day. That kid got what was coming to him, he had completely malicious intent in what he said, and he admitted it. The fact that he received corporal punishment was shocking but well within the parent's rights, and hardly abuse. You gotta be kidding me accusing me of causing child abuse after the kid ran around making fun of chinese people in front of the whole class and not realizing his dad was watching. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:42:25
I can't force you to agree or decide, but I sure as hell am entitled to tell you my view and hope that you will. 
I told someone else in this thread that I retract my comment about deleting the thread, and I mean it. I will fight for your right to say anything you want, but I will also tell someone who is being a racist asshole that they are one (whether or not they feel like they are), and they should reconsider why they want to say something like that in the first place. 