@_author: finaltranslator
@_date: 2018-09-05 16:42:10
Yeah what I should have said actually is just because some governments are more corrupt than others. Clearly, all governments have corruption but it just shines through in different degrees. I've heard people from countries with corrupt governments marvel at Western countries like they are celebrities. To them, it's so much better because the reference point they come from is dirty as hell. 
And definitely, the USD is just one more place to lose money. Unfortunately, that mentality is hard to change in the people from corrupt governments because it's all they know. They don't know about the homeless because they're too far away from them, and the MSM doesn't let those stories get out.
@_date: 2018-09-05 05:01:40
Certainly not, they're more concerned about their own profits. But what I'm saying is that we shouldn't be wishing for bad things to happen no matter what it will do for Bitcoin. Of course Bitcoin isn't going to cause these problems, and it will help us to avoid them when the time comes. That's why we should support it, but not hope for bad things to happen to the global economy. 
I know a collapse of some form in inevitable (and has already started to show in emerging markets) but when it comes, it comes. Not much we can do until then. 
@_date: 2018-09-11 15:09:47
A lot of those bad news releases are conveniently timed as well I think. That Goldman and Sachs one is a good example. They probably lined that up nicely with a great big short so they could scrape the price down to a suitable entry for a long. But there hasn't been any movement other than the dead cat bounce down here so far. 
Bitcoin has strange chart movements because it's very jerky. It snaps up, stays up, then snaps down, and then is ranging for a few days with nothing exciting happening. That's probably when all the noobs get frustrated and close their positions. You've really gotta be patient with this one.
@_date: 2018-09-01 16:42:46
Perfect - that's how it should be done. I've seen some cryto processing services for businesses and kind of wondered why they would need such a service in the first place. I guess the existence of a business creates the need for excessive services as well.
Then the next question comes, what about taxes? I'm not sure what the regulations are in Canada for these kinds of payments (or if they can even find out) but I'm sure that they consider crypto to be an asset and taxable. That doesn't necessarily mean that a company is going to claim everything that they transact, however... 
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:49:36
This hash preimage, how would that end up scamming? So can someone falsify the first stage of the transaction to get the payment and then take off? This should be preventable by waiting for min. 2-3 confirmations, shouldn't it?  
When I do F2F I sit down with the other person and have a coffee. By the time you order and drink it, you're usually a good 2-3 transactions in.
How hard would it be for someone to follow your key to your device and hack into it afterwards? That is, if someone is just using an insecure mobile wallet or something like that.
@_date: 2018-09-06 19:03:37
That's a very good point why we shouldn't keep it there. Until now I assumed that it was simply safer to keep it in a cold wallet. I also never imagined that an exchange could operate like a fractional reserve, but well, they'll find a way to sell the air you breathe if they can. 
Shorts are for fiat, not bitcoin. Bitcoin is based on the principle of free exchange unhindered by others, so why should we be able to short it? That's quite counter-intuitive if you ask me.
@_date: 2018-09-03 20:33:57
They're not particularly good examples of why we should be using Bitcoin. Just because some governments are corrupt and/or bullheaded doesn't mean that Bitcoin is going to solve anything. In fact, it's only going to make their nation worse as their citizens scramble to exit the currency. This might improve Bitcoin, but at what cost? Are we all so bent on the values of Bitcoin that we are calling for whole countries to burn financially? What happens to the grandmothers who are technologically inept? 
@_date: 2018-08-31 17:19:20
You'd need a digital display to keep a stable price in ETH. It's been too volatile to set a price like that. Especially with the decline over the past few months, you'd have to keep hiking it to pay for the beans and the rent.
Also, new customers would be intimidated by all of those decimal point numbers. They'd scratch their heads and walk out to get coffee somewhere else. A dollar sign is a friendly anchor point that both crypto holders and regular fiat buyers can reference.
This is a brilliant idea though and I fully support it. I wonder who they use to process their crypto payments?