@_author: financial_ostap
@_date: 2017-05-16 17:42:53
This is bad news
@_date: 2017-06-09 15:54:35
Tldr: Investors vs speculators. Investors are healthy, speculators are toxic. Investors actually care about the product and it's future. Speculators only care about the product's price.
The whole point of bitcoin, or any crypto for that matter, is to replace the traditional fiat currency. The attractiveness is in the decentralized self-sustaining characteristics. So if you are buying bitcoin for those purposes, you would be considered an investor, because you are buying bitcoin in order to use it as a currency now or even more so in the future.
Most are speculating. They don't actually intend to use bitcoin for trade. They are simply buying it to drive up the $ price. They simply want to buy it for low dollar amount and sell it for a higher dollar amount. They aren't actually interested in the endgame of bitcoin.
Given the current amount of transactions, the bitcoin environment is unsustainable for investors. Therefore, they will exit, and only the speculators will be left with bitcoin. Since speculators don't actually care about bitcoin itself, given the right conditions, they will be ready to dump it all. Since bitcoin won't be fundamentally backed by investors anymore, the price could crash harder than ever. 
However, miners are also be considered investors. Unlike others, they won't be exiting anytime soon, so bitcoin won't exactly go to $0 during that crash. It will just be a big crash. Lastly, we can't predict the crash, but it is getting more and more toxic every day.
@_date: 2017-06-12 18:12:43
Told you, it's a double top. The floor is $1700 imo.
@_date: 2017-06-03 18:28:52
To me, it seems like a double top is forming.
Edit: I was correct
@_date: 2017-06-09 15:59:26
Btw. If you believe in the future of bitcoin, a crash is necessary, because the current price of bitcoin is not it's actual value. A crash would act as a correction to drive out the speculators and correctly price bitcoin. I suspect if the crash would happen now, the correct price should be around $1500.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:15:37
TLDR: Bitcoin might crash harder than in recent days, after it returns to it's last all-time high price.
Double top is an expression in technical analysis. Technical analysis is the study of momentum in stocks. Specifically it is method of studying supply, demand and price patterns. There is a belief that past price patterns could help determine future pattents. Charts and their metrics is the most widely used form of technical analysis. Bitcoin is not a stock, but it's traded on principles of supply and demand, so technical analysis could be used on them as well.
I would consider bitcoin's intrinsic value to be very low, as there is not many practical uses for them yet, and it is much more widely used as a storage of $ value. This means that Bitcoin has high momentum, so technical analysis could work well. In other words, people trade bitcoin instead of actually investing in them. This is a speculative behaviour that could be very predictable.
Right now, we are experiencing a relief rally. Certain traders exited at the top, but the ones who snoozed didn't panic. Those who remained calm still wish to exit, but they are waiting for that higher price. This behaviour gets represented in a chart by a pattern called double top (looks like two mountain tops). There is a ceiling at the all-time high. New positive sentiment could help break that ceiling, but as of now it's an indicator of an even bigger crash. Keep in mind, this is all because most people who buy bitcoin do it to gain $s; they are not actually investing in the future of bitcoin. 
Perhaps a new influx of investors will help to break the ceiling, break the pattern, and move the price to a new all time high. However, in the current situation, I do believe it's a double top, which means the price will crash harder than before, after it reaches its old all time high.
