@_author: financialchimp
@_date: 2018-12-07 07:01:10


I think you mean, "only if you gamble more than you can afford to lose, which should never be the case with any speculation."


Panic in stocks of sound businesses, and bonds that are well protected is = opportunity. Bitcoin on the other hand probably = fail. So you are right about at least one thing. lol
one important thing : things with POSITIVE FREE CASH FLOW...vs things with zero.... must be complex science....
@_date: 2018-12-07 05:16:42
Yikes... might want to read up on financial history again. There were a lot of companies that sold for less than its cash holding even if all liabilities were paid off in the Great depression. Which is literally buying a dollar off of some1 for 20 cent. People actually started buying companies that oversold in the great depression (net-nets) and in some cases sold them piecemeal (some cases forcing the companies to sell their investment holding alone was enough to make the stock price correct)... There is a very big difference comparing bitcoins to stocks. The comparison of bitcoins vs stocks has absolute zero to do with maturity of markets.....like comparing apples and elephants
Might want to also learn about "arbitrage (pure not stat arb)."
There is a reason why some people consistently make money and others don't (particularly speculators disguised as investors)
Edit: referring to "WolfOfFusion" and not "ObviousRecession" for those that are illiterate
@_date: 2018-12-07 06:47:18
Pretty sure you are the one spinning it. You can argue the crash was the greatest failure where human emotion got in way of making sound investment judgement. Resulting in overpricing of things beyond reason, which was exhibited on both end, the rise (companies sold for significantly more than it was worth) and the fall (companies sold for less than cash). But the crash certainly had zero to do with failure of the stock market as a whole in the sense you are referring to at least.
Confusing over speculation in sound and unsound business as equal to the failure of institutions and stock market as a whole. lol... where do I begin. The stock market didn't fail, as it is just a way of obtaining part ownership in businesses. The failure was in people overpaying for things they had little understanding of and only cared about the price of it going up. Kinda sounds like a certain thing in this part of reddit lol.
Apple (bitcoin) vs elephant (stock market as a whole)
You should consider making an argument say bitcoin vs a particular stock (not the stock market as a whole), then at least you will be comparing apples vs another fruit (even thought its still not an apple).
@_date: 2018-12-07 06:47:44
We were actually invested in Scion Capital btw lol..
@_date: 2018-12-07 06:36:42
I am assuming you are referring to the other guy (WolfOfFusion) cause I pretty much supported what you wrote lol... about "stock market as a whole" I was just referring to the remainder of the gobbledygook that guy said










There is so much incoherent logical mess in those statement, it is hard to begin where to debate that.
And FYI I worked in FOHF lol...