@_author: finall3ossgaming
@_date: 2017-02-14 20:33:37
I've always been curious about this as I've heard it a few times. 
Where exactly in the Constitution does it prohibit the federal government from creating a Department of Education?
@_date: 2017-07-13 21:57:30
I appreciate this well-thought out response. I'm obviously a layman here and really found this perspective interesting.
I can respect there not being any specific  laws on the books regarding massive financial collapses but America lost 10% of it's blood and treasure overnight. People who were never benefiting from the "greed" were the ones that were punished when bills had to be paid and loans collected. And even though you say the financial institutions do not directly recieve handouts, money is being directed into the financial system and it's not going to the people who lost homes, retirements and their lives.
So while you may be right, you need to realize the people will never ever ever trust their government or their partners in the financial industry to look after their best interests. That inherent trust between common man and financial advisor is now broken. To be replaced by Alen Jones among others. That lays directly at the feet of the financial sector. I think we can both agree that if priorities were different none of this would have happened.
So largely I think the financial industry has earned the reputation it has today and it truly hasn't ever been called to task for the damage it's recklessness caused.
@_date: 2017-07-13 11:23:09
What's your opinion on the actions of Banks in the lead up to the 2008 crisis?
This isn't a loaded question I have just never really met anybody that defends quantitative easing since the only people who are receiving money from QE are the people that caused the financial crisis  so I'm a little interested on your perspective about what happened prior to and leading up to the financial crisis.
And also why, even if it is the most financially prudent method of fixing things, have we not charged any of the people who caused this initial collapse?