@_author: finbarx1
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:04:09
Unfortunately this exercise in impartial reality-hunting makes a few good points but on the whole is yet another "IMO" based speculation that simply CANNOT answer the most important questions, and at times appears to be belittling the most important points, re: Mark's farcical, selfish, bizarre, unbelievable treatment of the problems and his lack of reaction to justified criticism.
- The Invalid transactions.. The situation got so bad etc - 
yes.. confirmation that the team running the show at Gox are useless under pressure, or unable/unwilling to ask for help.  Nothing you can say will make this seem like less of a farce than it has already become
- They're still sending fiat withdrawals - 
Whoopee!  Oh, except that most people are STILL waiting, and the reports of the few who have received money are RARE, and in some cases questionable.  Case closed? No.
- we can see Karpeles has been actively engaging in working on a solution - 
This means nothing.  So the guy who is responsible for the catastrophe, if you look hard enough, can be found actually doing something about it?  Great. This makes ZERO difference to anyone until THINGS ACTUALLY CHANGE, and his inability to communicate in a normal way with his customers is a joke. So he's on github.. big whoop.
- why would they even bother doing this if they had no intention to continue and implement withdrawals ? - 
Attempting to answer questions with more questions, doesn't help here..
- Stolen bitcoins - 
More rumour, no substance, no progress.
- The office their moving into has both virtual and normal offices. - 
SO WHAT? And still not a good enough reason given for WHY they chose this, OF ALL TIMES, to move.. its more delay tactics, and it's pathetic.
- Roger Ver....doesn't know 100% so just playing it safe.-
Roger said this, said that.. People at Gox still cant get their money.  Roger Ver can't give them their money.. talking about what he thinks or has said changes nothing.. its more speculation/rumors/useless-fluff-info.
- Shrem - 
LOL.. Ok, let's hear what he has to say. Oh snap! It's yet more speculation based on one man's (admittedly questionable) opinion.
- Karpeles has personally dipped into his own pocket before to bail out customers... this is more than most people would do and IMO is a sign of integrity - 
All I can do is laugh at this apologist statement.  We are all entitled to our opinions re: Mark's integrity.  God bless you for being so forgiving.
- Nobody really knows .. what the current state of the accounts are.. -
EXACTLY.. And herein lies the reason why sticking up for Mark and Gox is a losing game, at the moment.
- Deleted twitter feed - 
you make a valiant attempt to try to make this sound anything other than a completely dodgy, suspicious move, at a time when every eye is already trained on Gox, they do this? With no explanation?  I'm not convinced.  
"Gox has more fiat and BTC than any other exchange. . and is the  quoted price by other sites including cnbc and so on..."
Well you just said yourself, we don't know what the current state of accounts are!  So we don't know if Gox has more fiat and BTC than any other exchange, really, do we?!  And, guess what?  The only reason Gox's price has been quoted on the news is because it has the most widely known name (being the oldest exchange) and because its larger price swings make for better headlines!  The fact that Gox is mentioned more in the news than other exchanges IS NOT a sign that it is a more reputable, trustworthy, company or an interesting investment opportunity!  Your reasoning behind the twitter deletions is an interesting theory, but the more plausible theory would fall in line with everything else Gox has done recently..  in other words: fraud/lies/delay tactics/incompetence/clownish behaviour. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 03:14:58
I hope you are proud of this!  It is beautifully done, and it is what I have been dreaming of ever since I learnt what Bitcoin is capable of.. 
To be the first to release such an app is, well, I REALLY hope you're proud, and I hope this gets the news coverage it deserves, ASAP!  Best new thing for Bitcoin EVERRRR! :)  Tip address?
One question just occurred to me, the "current exchange rate" is based on which source? Thanks
@_date: 2014-02-15 02:33:20
Love the simplistic website. Quality photo's too! I hope you do well :)
@_date: 2014-02-05 06:51:46
lol mustyoshi.  Thanks for having a look at it chernobyl169.  I'm sure this sort of thing is going to get a TON worse as bitcoin increases in popularity. Maybe there should be a well funded and well advertised website set up specifically to investigate and flag these sort of things to the community, preferably BEFORE mass adoption.  I wonder how many antivirus companies are looking into offering extra bitcoin security features as standard?  That would be nice. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 05:05:18
Thanks alot physalisx.  KryptoKit looks awesome!  I'll be trying them both out 
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:58:30
This is GRRRRRREAT!
