@_author: finkcrypto
@_date: 2017-02-18 23:55:48
I lost 1000, had everything stored on gox. I really hope something happens to karples for ruining my life.
@_date: 2017-02-10 05:35:14
Cheap lesson, the same one cost me over 1m at gox. 
@_date: 2017-02-08 10:55:44
I think it is absolutely the best advice, if you've been goxxed for a significant amount you should understand this. The coins should be with the third party the least amount of time as possible.
These companies are necessary now but hopefully not for much longer with all the decentralized exchange solutions popping up.
@_date: 2017-02-19 05:02:54
Because I'm a fucking idiot who trusted that fat retard and his fucking yubikeys. I saw all the signs and had every opportunity to withdraw but I honestly trusted him and believed the shit that came out of his mouth. Whenever I see these kinds of discussions I can't help but say something.
@_date: 2017-01-27 14:42:15
Would it be easier just to create a custom crypto for rl?
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:17:41
I actually meant to remove that bit lol.


I don't know what you mean by "real capitalism. When I talk about capitalism, I mean the current de facto world system of inflationary crony capitalism. Under this system, most of the benefits go to the people who control the  wealth and means of production. 


I don't think it's accurate at all to describe inflation as a "phenomenon". It's not just something we observe, it's a very deliberate policy decision by the ruling class designed to enrich themselves further at the expense of everybody else.
The causes of it are very well known and understood and have everything to do with the capitalists whom control the money and production and also guide most if not all government decisions such as economic policy..


Make no mistake that the only reason the current system works at all is exploitation in many different forms, it only really works well for a select few. 
If we started again with a fair initial distribution and policy designed to eradicate exploitation and poverty. There's very little doubt some more pure system of capitalism could work well for many many more people than the current setup while we transition to a post scarce society.
@_date: 2017-08-04 06:16:39
here's one I prepared earlier:
My perspective is that inflation is a key piece in the capitalistic murder machine that controls the world. It is one of the ways governments rob their citizens by devaluing the currency at a constant rate.


Textbook slippery slope fallacy. This is one of the typical arguments used against superior deflationary economics by mindless cronies of pointless consumerism and waste. Let me ask, if you ran out of toilet paper just now but knew you could get more of it tomorrow by waiting would you wait? 
Of course not because you need it now, it can't wait. The essentials of life people cannot wait for, you will spend that money even if you know it will be worth more tomorrow because you have to. Many, many goods and services fall under this category. 
But now say you wanted some pokemon go cards but knew tomorrow you could get more for the same amount of money, you'd be more inclined to wait right? In fact you might even be inclined to put it off altogether because in reality they're just crappy bits of paper with pictures on them and it's not like you're in any rush to spend your money because it will be worth more tomorrow anyway. 
Pretty soon the pokemon go card manufacturer goes out of business and some people lose their jobs, so theres several thousand less people in the world wasting time and resources producing and distributing essentially crap, most of which ends up in landfill anyway. Big loss to society huh? These people find work elsewhere in a company that can justify it's existence by surviving and indeed thriving in a market where people are encouraged to save or conserve. Pretty soon wealth concentration starts to shift. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:47:08
This is the future of crypto without a doubt. I don't see how btc can compete with this system when it becomes reality. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 11:31:33
If you're mining at 0 cost and left the rigs running eventually you would make more than your 50 btc, so no.