@_author: finn_tha_hooman
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:27:57


Yeah, and I'm a fucking creationist who thinks the 2,000 year old world is flat and that vaccines cause autism. I understand my views are different from the "mainstream", but I am very confident my view is correct.
Also, Bitcoin causes autism. [Exhibit A.](
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:11:56
Lmao, you have the audacity to say other people don't look past their noses when you're the one who'd gladly take out a mortgage to toss it away on a gambling scheme. Yeah I said it, bitcoin ain't a real currency hombre. Not when it stays doing 7 transactions per second. You just hide behind the looping message of "decentralized currency brah" in order to justify your gambling habit. Fucking grow up and read an economics book or something, ya chode.
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:43:10


Soooo, you watched a bunch of Bitcoin videos, convinced yourself that buying Bitcoin was a good idea, and then covered your ears and jumped into the hivemind where apparently all money is corrupt and made to dick you over. 
Listen kid, nobody in the real world thinks this way. You're the one who thinks giving real money to people to get their fake money is a good idea. And stop spamming quotes and buzzwords like you're a fucking parrot. You're just looking for quotes that mention your "bubble". And isn't that guy you quoted the same kind of person you Bitcoiners think is tainting the economy with their corruption? Fuck outta here. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:16:47


Dude, Bitcoin isn't an investment. It's a straight-up gamble. And it can't be an investment and a currency at the same time. You can't invest US dollars into Hong Kong dollars, that's just an exchange. But Bitcoin's hellish volatility has got you guys coming up with all kinds of excuses like "it's an investment brah" or "fuck big banks brah" to justify your gambling habit, it's almost hilarious.


Keep holding onto those freaking cryptos and you'll have no future.
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:25:27


Yeah, the heat death of the universe is gonna happen before that ever does. Also, if you're so smart why aren't you teaching economics at an Ivy Leagues school? Bitcoin will never be a currency as long as it processes 7 transactions a second, and it'll never be trusted as long as it's got fuckheads like you spiking and crashing its value every goddamn millisecond because you guys treat it like it's a gamble. Don't even try to say you treat it like a currency. You don't. 