@_author: firdouglas
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:51:17
US dollars must be accepted to settle all debts public or private. It doesn't matter if my bank doesn't want US dollars in payment of a mortgage or my grocery store would prefer Yen. They must take my dollars. That gives dollars inherent value (one of many reasons).
BTC does not have the same institutional backing. It's a currency that has relatively low transactions and the majority of people who own it don't want to spend it
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:19:06
Haha come on dude. BTC has a couple huge problems and doesn't offer any real value to the average consumer. 
Put it this way. I don't use BTC. The currency I do use is accepted everywhere. Why would I ever switch? Convince me. 
BTC will never be a widely used commodity. The coins themselves are useless and the underlying technology (that does have value) is FOSS.
You can do mental gymnastics about "inherently" or whatever. There is not a snow balls chance in hell the government will endorse BTC.
Would you like to buy some tulips?
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:33:04
I think you misread my statement. I said


The average consumer couldn't give two shits about the "limited supply" aspect of their money. They only care about how valuable it is and what they can get with it.
Likewise the average consumer doesnt worry about their money being confiscated, nor does the average consumer have issues with trans national transactions. 
The things you are listing are what BTC enthusiasts like about BTC. Do you want to try again and focus on actual consumers like 40 year old couples with two kids who don't give a shit about "money confiscation"
I also think its funny that you say it can be made theft proof. An awful lot of BTC has been stolen.


We will use whatever currency the dominate power wants to use. It might not be the dollar, it might be something else. Who knows. I can tell you it wont be a currency that isn't backed by the state.


It's clunky and hard to use, provides no real benefit to the average person and has many severe drawbacks. Thats why.


State backed currency is inherently more useful than any other thing you could trade. As long as there is state backed currency, BTC wont stand a chance because it provides far less utility for 99.999% of the population
Additionally, we will most likely see states and financial institutions strip the most useful parts of the technology and start to use them.
 


Like BTC its an overvalued good with no real use. I thought you might be a collector. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:35:41
I'll put it this way. In order for hyper-inflation to happen in the US, there would have to be an economic shock so big that it would make crypto irrelevant. It's the same with gold. If it ever gets to the point where US currency is worthless, no one is going to want your gold or crypto. Those with wealth will want real assets like land and everyone else will want food.
I can see you buy into a lot of the same poor economic thought that gold bugs do. 
Ive pointed out how you are wrong, you just don't want to believe it. 
Your whole argument boils down to the idea that crypto would be stable if the dollar became hyper-inflated. You aren't even addressing the reality that BTC is extremely tiresome and hard to use for the average person. 
My point is that crypto value fluctuates wildly now, and there is no reason to think a currency that can't be spent anywhere will retain value in the event of an economic collapse.
No one can see the future. I doubt the dollar will get hyper-inflated. Controlled inflation is a useful tool and no amount of Ron Paul speeches will change that. 
The reality is that crypto is at best a tool for drug dealers. It just doesn't work in the real world. Parts of the technology will be adopted, but BTC will never be widespread in circulation.
Its a massive contradiction for christsake. The characteristics of a good investment are contradictory to the characteristics of a good currency. 
It's fine that you wont see it until its too late. There will always be bag holders during a pump and dump, and this one will have a lot of bag holders.
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:40:10


Yeah it does. I asked for reasons an average consumer should care about BTC. John and Jane Smith from suburb, USA are not going to adopt BTC without really good reasons. You are just rehashing why *you* like BTC


And there is no reason to think the value of BTC would rise in a hyperinflationary event. In fact BTC is far more susceptible to rapid rises and falls than $s. You could easily see 25% of your networth wiped out in a matter of hours with BTC. 


AND BTC DOESN'T?? Haha


So can dollars. Whats your point?


Currencies *backed by gold* are a relatively new invention. Older societies used precious medals as currencies. They replaced it with paper money because using precious metals sucks.


You should learn some basic history. The *state* has had their own currency in pretty much all western societies since Roman times or before. I think we will use fiat because its far superior to a precious metal backed currency, but I can guarantee that as long as there are states, there will be state backed currency.


Except for having to buy the currency with real money, have an encrypted wallet, have to constantly convert it to real money to spend it and work outside the traditional financial sector, its super easy!


I know you think your use of "inherently" is super profound, but you are saying absolutely nothing.


Thats the thing. There is no reason for the masses to adopt BTC. Real money does everything BTC and more! Why the hell would your average person change?


Oh good lord. You certainly are thick.
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:37:47


There are three things that are funny about this
1. American currency is extremely stable. It is far more stable tha BTC has been.
2. You think BTC would for some reason not fall when the dollar does. There is no reason to think that.
3. You think the average American actually thinks something like this might happen.


I'm not actually. I just assumed you were talking about any massive loss in purchasing power. Mainly because hyper-inflation is laughable in the United States.


You might rethink things when you realize you are wrong. It actually sheds light on the issue. Fiat currencies are superior to gold based currencies which is why we moved to them.


LMAO the only people who said that we're nobodies. Massive legitimate corporations had been investing in computers and the internet since the 60's.


No brah, ya dont


State backed currency *inherently* has value. If a currency becomes non-state backed, it has changed its form. Do you understand. Its inherent to the form of the currency.
Just like crypto has certain properties, fiat money does too.


Which is real money. 


The American dollar has not though, which is what we are talking about.
Think about it dude. You argument is that a digital currency that no one accepts as payment for goods or services has a liklier chance of surviving economic oblivion than a currency that is the world reserve currency and by law must be accepted by all vendors in the worlds biggest economy. 
I understand, you are part of the hype train. I get it. It's just pure fantasy. You still haven't given me one reason the avearge American should switch to BTC. All of your reasons are why enthusiasts like BTC. Not only that, your reasons are pure speculation, its not even based in evidence.
Bubbles are meant to be popped I guess. It will be exciting to see what a modern day bubble this size will do to the economy. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:18:21
I've laid out the difference between computers and crypto and why crypto is a poor store of value. 
I guess we'll see. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:19:08
This "nonsense" is what happens when you are in a bubble and you get complete idiots day trading.
The idea that bitcoin and us dollars are equivalent because they are nothing "nothing" is over the top stupid. 
As the price of BTC has gone up, the IQ of the average user has gone down. 