@_author: firedrice
@_date: 2014-01-20 10:56:38
Half of China's economy is built in grey areas. I dont think the government policies is the main obstacle in this case. You can have home delivered black market USD exchange in many big cities.
Bitcoin is yet too small for the government to crack down smaller businesses, just like the exchanges.
I can still access all NSA sites via VPN, it is by law legal to go around the firewall of China if your business requires it.
@_date: 2014-01-19 21:23:42
Sounds like you never been to China.
Try to be more open minded, Bitcoin can help us to live without country borders, comments like your just make the borders harder to overcome.
@_date: 2014-01-21 22:43:20
The bank and government officials has to make some kind of statement to cool down the "get-rich-quick" hype and to send out a message to the public, just like all the other countries has done for the last 12 moths.
There are many much more clear statements and laws that Chinese sellers are breaking every day, yet you can buy drugs and counterfeit goods online even on the most popular state backed platforms.
I really dont think a smaller business will run a bigger risk taking BTC for legal goods then taking USD for illegal goods.
Plus, i would think that the Chinese government like the fact that Chinese citizens can accumulate a large portion of Bitcoins (just in case) instead of a dying USD. They just cant do it officially, not yet.
@_date: 2014-01-19 20:58:19
You would be surprised how tolerant the government can be as long as you stick to making money and love.
@_date: 2014-01-19 22:01:26
Im glad to hear you have some real connection to the country you comment on. 
I live in China for many years and i am often surprised how little my own friends know about the life in China and how their view is based on all the bad news they hear in the news.
And its either how amazingly fast the economy is growing or how many human rights are violated by the gov.
My intention with this post was to have a healthy discussion on how Chinese vendors could push the Bitcoin economy forward. Each country have its struggle but shouting bad words about the gov. does not add anything constructive but creates a bad atmosphere.
To get back to your first comment, if Chinese entrepreneurs do not want to *piss of the psychopathic assholes*, then why does China have over 10 very advanced Bitcoin and Litecoin exchanges while US have non?
@_date: 2014-01-19 23:30:25
My point is that the gov. has not outlawed Bitcoin and that Chinese sellers could benefit from using it.
There will always people that will use unfair means to gain profit, no matter nationality.
You are too much focused on the negative instead of being positive and constructive.
I read many comments blaming and complaining but few actually doing anything to improve.