@_author: fire_i
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:43:06
People on this sub are so biased and fickle. As soon as a media reports one negative piece of info about crypto or bitcoin, everybody slams them and internally blacklists them forever. Doesn't matter if they actually report various opinions *like a media should*. People don't want news, they want shills.
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:24:08
Exactly one year ago, the entirety of the cryptocurrency market was worth $15B. Small fry. Tiny fry, even. Crypto was probably little more than a blip on any power company's radar back then. And it wasn't very long ago!
You can be sure this is going to change now. If anything, H-Q's interest today proves just that.
It's also weird of you to put the onus on electricity sellers. You'd think miners would be the ones seeking cheap electricity, at least to the same degree that electricity producers should be seeking miners.
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:14:58
Ah, I see, so you meant it as in they should have been mining themselves. That's fair.
I understand your angle, but I think it's a little optimistic to think any large company would have caught on a year ago or earlier. It's no surprise mining only very recently took off on anything akin to an industrial scale: there just wasn't enough money in crypto to attract much attention from sources of significant capital. Up to very recently, mining was more a thing of prospectors panning  rivers by hand than one of setting up open sky mines with dynamite. It's changing now, and that's why we're seeing a power company think of large-scale mining farms as an outlet for power surplusses. Now that there IS enough cash to attract big players, H-Q is, if anything, one of the first major electric companies its size to even consider crypto. We are juuust out of the artisanal era (and not even fully yet).
Sure, with 20/20 hindsight, they could have made a fortune by getting in last year. Like everyone else who didn't get in last year. But that's what that is: 20/20 hindsight. I'm just glad some occidental government business somewhere is paying attention, as pretty much every govt and govt business outside Asia has basically been turning a blind eye when it comes to crypto, save for the occasional attempt at poorly adapted regulation.