@_author: firenexus
@_date: 2019-07-12 04:51:23
This is the best argument for bitcoin I’ve ever seen. Because I fundamentally agree with all those statements right up until the US dollar will always be the reserve currency. But Trump saying that (assuming Trump was the source of the tweet, because he has staffers who sometimes tweet for him and I’m not sure he can have the understanding of bitcoin to form an opinion which, even if wrong, is coherent) makes me wonder if I’m wrong about it.
Of course, he’s as crooked as he is fucking stupid so it might be in service of a short, making its correctness beside the point.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:18:49
And most people still don’t understand either of them, judging by the need for me to google and repair every technical issue that comes up for every one of my family members and non-IT colleagues.
@_date: 2015-12-24 06:20:47
Russian beat cops have quotas for bribes.
American corruption is the hard corruption to elliminate, if you're not willing to regulate how money is spent on messaging. It's implicit and deniable. It used to be better controlled, then "liberty".
But if you catch a politician being explicitly corrupt, he gets nailed to the fucking wall.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:57:47
In what way? I acknowledged that fame and notability often intersect, certainly. However, no assertion of corruption (tacit or otherwise) has been made in this thread by anyone except you, and it wasn't made at all until the post I'm currently replying to.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:11:14
Integrity and vision are largely subjective and not necessarily notable. Fame is a fairly objective measure of notability, for sale or otherwise.
@_date: 2014-11-05 03:15:51
They've had demonstrable effects on the progression of history, by being important people in the progression of events in their era. We can see this with aid of hindsight. In 100 years, Andreas may well achieve notability by this measure. Too early to tell right now, though. As it stands, he is a living public figure a very small group of people have any interest in. That they are vocal and technophiles is the only reason he's even on Wikipedia.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:21:38
Care to refute the point? Fame means public demand for information. I bet you google searches for Kardashian are higher than Antonopoulos by several orders of magnitude. I'd be pretty surprised if there were even a single day where there were more searches for him than for her. Her fame is the reason for that. Whether that came as a result of intentional manipulation of the media or just dumb luck isn't totally relevant to the question of notability.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:47:42
She has significant fame and name recognition across the larger culture. Antonopoulos doesn't have that, and while the technology does there isn't (and shouldn't be) an article for every booster of the technology.h
@_date: 2017-02-22 23:04:17
You really don't get it? They don't WANT Bitcoin. They want a technology with some of Bitcoin's advantages. The only people who believe Bitcoin itself is the currency of the future, or who would actually want it to be, are AnCaps with an IT background or people they've managed to convince with their little hype train. 
Bitcoin has significant disadvantages if you aren't an AnCap or technolibertarian. It's valuable because it's useful for black market transactions and ultra-hyped. But both of the things that make it valuable make it shitty as a currency if you don't want to live in a world without government.
But you think "Lol nobody can clone Bitcoin" is a valid argument, so you're clearly someone who has been convinced by the hype train.
@_date: 2017-02-22 00:04:02
Luckily, it'll go ahead and yoyo back up and down a few times before reality sinks in and the AnCap fantasy doesn't come true, since this is the real world and Bitcoin is open source, so all its technical benefits are easily replicable once society catches up.
So everyone gets to feel superior before your life inevitably fails to live up to your dream. The people who didn't hold until it became totally worthless and/or illegal will get the last laugh, though.
@_date: 2015-01-27 04:26:50
And those exchanges themselves could never be convinced to provide inaccurate ratings to... Say, a financial instrument designed to package and hide the volatility of it's constituent assets. Nah. Would never happen.
People act like only government caused the '08 crash when the kind of ratings agencies they masturbate to in their anarchocapitalist fantasies had an equal or greater amount of shit on their hands.
@_date: 2016-03-12 06:28:05
Do you work for an email auto responder company?
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:56:02
It’s the aggregate guess at the math of everybody currently buying and selling the stock, no matter how informed or ignorant. And it often swings wildly based on unrelated factors. Your faith in Be price of a stock necessarily reflecting some kind of actual reality is almost cute.
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:53:40
Why would backing make it stable? It’s not as if there is inherent stability to the valuation of a backing instrument. All money is based on the appraisal of some item’s value in aggregate, whether the item is a specific mass of a precious metal, a specific volume of petroleum, a specific quantity of special paper, or a digital representation of same.
The idea that backing a financial instrument with an asset makes the instrument value more stable than an alternative instrument backed by wishes and promises is provably false, and based mostly on a gut instinct that THINGS have REAL VALUE which is also provably false. See US treasury bonds vs mortgage backed securities in 2008. One was backed by a promise, one was backed by actual property. One did not rapidly lose value, one did.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:41:10
Yeah, but the requirements for any given job are mostly so they can shoehorn in whoever they want and say “equal opportunity” or justify an H1B application. If you have an Ivy League social network, they’ll help you around unreasonable requirements. If they can’t, it’s because the employer wants to import someone.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:38:46
Possibly. There is some indication that a small pool of early adopters control a large enough share of the total coins in existence that they can seriously fuck with the price.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:38:45
People blame the mechanism by which people launder money. Usually, hard-to-trace assets. Bitcoin is really more volatile asset than currency, and one whose ownership/transfer is pretty damn easy to obfuscate.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:52:41
You know that Bernie Madoff’s victims thought they were rich until like a month before the end, right?
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:40:21
Never heard of “wiretap”, eh? People did blame phones for criminal use and developed mechanisms to circumvent them. Criminals circumvented those mechanisms, rinse repeat. You just weren’t around when people were first shitting on phones.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:26:09
Horseshit. To really get into tech, like in the way where you become a millionaire or billionaire tech worker/entrepreneur, you need to enroll in a prestigious university (Ivy League/UC Berkeley/Caltech) CS program and make meaningful progress towards completing it. If you want to get a job at one of these places, you need to be in the Ivy League asshole club.
This idea that tech is a great equalizer is fucking bullsht. It’s the same rich boys club as it ever was. Zuckerberg: Ivy League. Gates: Ivy League. Wozniak: Berkeley. Jobs: Grew up near Berkeley and hung out with Berkeley guys after he washed out of college. Bezos: Ivy League. It’s all just the same “self-made man” fallacy that has always befell industrialists, and they imprint this giant load of horseshit onto everybody else. 
It’s a comforting fantasy, but unless you’ve got an Ivy League social network, you’re not In the club.
@_date: 2015-03-27 21:44:48
I predict that you will never attain a level of education that makes your predictions worth any consideration.
@_date: 2018-12-15 04:22:07
@_date: 2013-08-17 01:19:08
It will take a long time for that to happen, though. Quick rises will lead to speculation, accelerating growth but assuring a panic crash. It's value might be up on average, but its ability to grow is stunted until people can again ignore the volatility.
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:19:31
Ideally through the franchise. That said, without an educated and informed populace, the powerful will certainly manipulate the government to increase their power. But to do that, they have to manipulate the populace into believing their interests are the public interest. If they have that ability, then a lack of government doesn't protect you from them.
@_date: 2013-08-17 22:53:36
And the people continue to not vote or organize into a bloc that can stop it, or (usually) they vote enthusiastically for the corrupt politicians. No matter what, you need to get the votes. This is exacerbated by a dysfunctional education system. Since the number of jobs that truly require a quality education are very limited, it's distinctly against short term private interests for the majority of the population to be any more well-educated than necessary to grease the economy and consume products. 
In fact, countries that have strong democratic governments with low corruption all share strong public education systems. They also share high quality of life, lifespan and an even distribution of wealth. They tend to share small size and homogenous populations, as well, but they act as a proof of concept that a laissez-faire system lacks. In fact, the existence and population makeup of these countries leads me to believe the big problem with American government is not an inherent failure of government to make life better, but the ease with which such a fragmented population can be subjected to "divide-and-conquer" tactics. 
Solving that problem is a hurdle, and maybe an insurmountable one. I'd start by removing the corrupting influence of private money through any means necessary and banning hereditary transfer of wealth beyond a very small amount. Wealth is power and if you can't agree that allowing power to transfer in that manner is detrimental, you're not paying attention.
@_date: 2013-08-17 01:24:56
Government is one mechanism, the most effective we've currently got, to marshall the resources of society toward a specific goal. In the form of democracy it also acts as a protecting force for the weak against the powerful. It doesn't work perfectly, but what pops up where governments fail is a system of rival warlords that's like a government, but arbitrary and horrifying with absolutely zero accountability.
@_date: 2013-08-16 23:04:25
It will cease to be used even for illicit purchases because it's value would crater, then fluctuate rapidly and it would become far more difficult to acquire safely. Sorry, true believers. 
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:16:08
Then why have the only unregulated free markets been hunter gatherer societies and lawless areas controlled by rival warlords?
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:52:35
What if I told you that any effective means to marshall resources is, by definition, also an effective means of squandering them? For instance, the financial collapse hinged on the myopic behavior of banks and private ratings agency, the kind that free marketers champion as perfectly able to keep markets fair and transparent, colluding to obfuscate the actual value of a commodity in order to increase their own wealth. In lieu of regulatory capture, many of the actors in that scheme would have been jailed for a long time instead of further enriched, but proper regulation could have limited the scope of those actions (and, applied correctly, stopped them entirely) while at the same time  avoiding a worldwide market crush.  Fact is, unregulated markets are going to have those kinds of booms and busts and the collateral damage will make this meltdown look like a tea party.
I seem to recall a fairly convincing study indicating that bitcoin may suffer from just that type of problem. That is, control in the hands of a shady few who seem to be moving coins around to make it appear as if a large percentage of them are not immobile when they are, hiding their ability to manipulate the price as they wish.
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:42:38
Has not and will not*
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:40:48
Incorrect. America has had significant regulation for it's entire history. Additionally, it has had enough power and resources to fight many wars, crush many rebellions, and be worth corrupting by powerful interests.
Additionally, to the extent that your assertion is true (and it is true to an extent) I would argue the reason for that was a less interconnected society. A more modular society, where each individual part is likely to have a higher degree of self-sufficiency, requires less regulation because the means of running the society are less concentrated and the society itself is more resilient to many kinds of corrupting influences and even to full-scale disasters. Regulation and government influences carries it's own problems, but I've never seen that they're a net negative over the downsides of a laissez-faire government, since that type of government never has not will exist in modern history.
Powerful interests sometimes  try to make the mechanisms of government work in their favor, but are almost always happy to simply eliminate their ability to effectively govern since it allows them to increase their power unhindered. The problem with the free market is that size is necessarily a barrier to entry and once a firm reaches a certain size (and one eventually will do that) it chokes out all competition. The virtues of a market all hinge on the assumption that it will not allow power to concentrate, but I've never seen a convincing argument that it won't. In fact, the free-marketers I've talked to don't even acknowledge the serious negatives of large players on the general well-being of those in the market.
@_date: 2013-08-16 22:55:48
Welcome to the problem with "states' rights" when it comes to banking. Ever wonder why the banks backing every credit card are issued in Nevada and Utah? Hint: It's because those states don't have usury laws, and their laws are the ones that govern the contract.
If we're going to regulate banking, the legal framework needs to be consistent across the jurisdictions in which they operate. Banks are now national or at least regional institutions. But money is power and these fuckers have amassed so much power that they're untouchable. For now. 
@_date: 2013-08-18 04:22:05


Funny, that was a relative statement. Of course you have some way of measuring this? Obviously you're not going to get straight answersfor high-level bribery, but corruption is cultural. Generally the most corrupt governments (the kind that actually rig elections directly) also tend to have high levels of corruption present top to bottom, bribing police officers and such. So, one way to measure would be to look at how much petty corruption exists. Luckily, there's a study...
Page 12. In over a dozen countries low incidence of petty corruption exists. The remainder of the study asks about perception of corruption, which is harder to tie to reality, and definitely indicates most of the world has at least a fair distrust of power. Perceptions and reality are not always tied, though, so take it for what you will.
Still, I make a relative statement (low levels of corruption) and you say it doesn't exist without even defining what you consider low or how you determined it? Smells like a black/white fallacy coming from an uninformed bullshitter to me.


The system run by *a* government. And, since many public education systems produce educated populace, not evidence of a systemic failure of government. Show me a private education system that educates a whole population better than Japan's or Denmark's. oh wait...


How do you define corrupt? Given the broadness of your statement, I assume your definition (like your worldview) requires a black/white fallacy. How many members of a government need be corrupt? Is there a specific efficiency level that is unacceptable? How do you measure corruption to make such a broad statement?


And car engines inherently produce waste heat. What they have in common is that both can be managed.
 Popular demand can and has, apparently, mitigated this to a large degree in many places. If it hadn't, then income distribution would be top-heavy everywhere, at least as much as the US. I admit I haven't done a good look, but I'd bet there's a strong correlation between lopsided income distribution and high rates of bribery.


 
Source? Through what mechanism does government control media? It seems that monied interests, owners, control the media. Much the same as they would with no government.


Main source? For an organization which has been granted the authority by popular mandate to tax? What total percentage of government income is from bribery? Certainly if you can make such a bold and antiintuitive statement you can provide specific documentation to back it up.


The government is composed of competing interests in most places. Multiple actors with different motivations and levels of risk tolerance. And yes, the government does allow it. However, in your system nobody would stop it anyway,and they wouldn't have the power to. So it would be an even more egregious monarchy of money, without even the need to appear as if you're not abusing a likely impoverished majority.


Thievery implies a right to ownership, which I dispute in this case. anyway, what grants a right to ownership? Who decides who owns what? Who settles disputes? Who grants the person settling the disputes power? What prevents them from being corrupted by their authority? What happens when one side is unhappy with the decision? Who enforces the decision? What about affected third parties? These are important questions, but that was a digression. Let's be more specific.
Why does heredity entitle you to power or resources amassed by another? How can anyone have any sort of equality of opportunity if some people get gigantic fortunes (in addition to all the other perks of having a rich or powerful parent) and most are born into nothing? Why should a person get that advantage through accident of birth anymore than he should be a supreme ruler of a kingdom? In the end, if the fortune's big enough and there's not even a requirement to buy off a government to excercise your every whim, what's the real difference?


Wrong. So wrong. I believe that a well-designed government can be a useful tool for increasing the happiness and even freedom of a society at large. I believe that, like any tool, it can be optimized, and presented at least some actual data to back up my claims. I believe that corruption is a cost of doing business but can be mitigated by an educated and engaged populace that does not accept corruption as a fact of life. And despite your baseless claims to the contrary, I believe this happens currently.
I certainly believe in limiting some freedoms in some instances to facilitate a society in which any random individual is likely to have about the same amount of freedom and quality of life, and I believe that such a system will result in an average freedom (--measuring this is tricky, but I'd measure it based on lifetime economic mobility and opportunity to set and pursue goals, which requires education and a certain level of physical and economic security, seeing as someone barely scraping by can only continue to do so and someone in potential mortal danger must prioritize self-protection above all else--) quality of life well above the median in the system you advocate, which has never existed but based on what distributed, unaccountable power passed down by heredity has resulted in previously would probably resemble feudalism very quickly.


And your unjustified statements without evidence or apparent understanding of psychology, the media, economics or mechanisms and motivations for corruption and not to mention the lack of logical self-consistency (if the government won't give up power and private interests are happy with the status quo in a world where people won't even vote, how do you plan to bring about an alternative system?) have totally convinced me that you have a firm grasp on reality.


Power is not in the hands of a single entity. Power is fluid and can be excercised with a vote or a voice or an idea or resources. Disallowing power to be concentrated by heredity is not thievery, because heredity is a poor justification for ownership of power, and requiring that everyone contribute to increase the average amount of freedom and happiness is not slavery. 


You'll have to define "worked" for this statement to carry any force. Also, advocating an alternative that has actually existed ever might increase the intellectual weight of your argument. As it stands, you're a talking point machine spouting emotion words that say nothing useful.


Misquoting an architect of a government to dispute the legitimacy of government. He said, "a little temporary security". And I've never understood how true liberty can be experienced without a fair amount of security.
@_date: 2013-08-17 00:35:15
I assume that the federal reserve will place restrictions on lending make credit cards a non-starting business plan, then, because I've never met a credit card issuer that wasn't incorporated in a state, specifically Nevada and Utah.