@_author: firis11
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:18:26
Exactly! I guess you should think more on this topic and maybe you will find the answer?
If smbd is doing things right even if he is taunt and downgraded from all the sides, but he knows he does the right thing - he is not gonna give up but prove his point! Obviously, if he has the gots to do it! I guess Mavrodi already proved it not once.
If his purpose was to steal money he would have definitely changed the name not once - isn't it? 
@_date: 2014-11-17 16:57:41
Really nice one! That is exactly my point! But I guess only people who speak russian as well can understand it.. Financial pyramid is the system everybody nowadays is living in! Dollar? - pyramid scheme! russian ruble? - pyramid scheme on the dollar's pyramid scheme! Everywhere where you turn now is pyramid scheme!  :)Even bitcoin is a pyramid scheme! The important thing is what is the purpose for creating and running it.. those who join bitcoin for example are fed up of too much control and want freedom! It is a good pyramid scheme isn't it? Well, if you read about MMM - if you read their rules and purposes on their own website - they want to change the financial world for a fair and correct one.. where everybody can be financially free! 
 MMM and Bitcoin are both spot on! They actually have the same reasons of appearence! and probably will benefit both of them if they stick together.
 Is just people should think more independently and based on facts and not on Wikipedia!(LOL) :) Anybody can write on wikipedia.. not everybody checks the references there.
@_date: 2014-11-18 00:37:17
" I think a system of openness, non governance etc. absolutely demands that participants police others in various ways. One way would be to loudly and frequently call out bad actors and make it clear that their activities are unacceptable."
A system of openness and non governance means each person has to be responsible and conscious about his own decision and check carefully on his own all the information that is based on facts! Loudly and frequent shouting is doing exactly what the governments are doing... loudly and frequently shouting as being bad guys - those guys that are somehow posing threat to their own entintity.. for example - muslims are terrorists! :) They frequently shout it! But is it a fact?! - No, not at all! The same as the Bitcoin community... didn't you see so many news on the tv and newspapers that it is "F**** bad and scary thing! Don't buy into it!" But you are still with the Bitcoin community isn't it? Why?! Probably because you have a bit more brain than others to be able to discern between truth and lie isn't it? The same with "well known ponzi scheme"! Common guys! Are you really gonna "eat it" again without doing at least a bit of research on your own?! 
@_date: 2014-11-18 00:55:52
5 seconds of research on wikipedia? :) Well you are sure to get in troubles if this is the way you make decisions in your life! Did you ever hear smth like "water army" ? Internet is full of controversary information! You need be careful with that when making decisions! If you would ever include Wikipedia as your reference of information even in a thesis in the university - they will send you to Hell along with your thesis!
@_date: 2014-11-17 16:42:35
Well! Quite shocked of this huge discussion here... and not shocked at all of the human's ignorance. 
"Well known Ponzi Scheme"?!!! Bitcoin Indonesia - by whom is it a well known ponzi scheme?
Cause as far as I know it is a Financial Social Community which operates using a pyramid scheme which all the other financial institution of the world do!
And in general! The topic should be something like that " Oh my God! MMM is a member on Bitcoin Foundation! :))) and not "A well known ponzi scheme"! You are making the readers to buy in whatever you want them to think! It is already manipulation.. and I wonder why?