@_author: firstmanlostonmars
@_date: 2019-10-09 16:30:07
If it was going to become mainstream or widely accepted, it would have happened last year when it big that peak. It didn’t. It got attention, but not acceptance.
@_date: 2019-10-21 02:08:12
I’ll take your downvoted. Won’t affect me any.
@_date: 2019-10-09 10:43:18
Lmao so using the same logic, it’s also the worst savings account you’ve ever owned. Idc if a bank uses my money when it’s in the bank. It’s not like I’ve ever gone to make a withdrawal and they have said ‘sorry I spent it, can I give it you next week’. You think it’s better that you keep possession of your imaginary money, yet I could come to your house and steal your usb and you’re broke.  No insurance, no claim to be filed. You’re screwed. 
And the bottom line is this... NOBODY truly cares about Bitcoin other than people who chose to invest out of curiosity. It will never become the ‘norm’ no matter how many articles people post on here. It had its 15 min of fame when it shot up in value a couple of years ago. It was then that you all thought you had cracked it and ended banks. Well how’s that working for you now? Time to face reality...
@_date: 2019-10-09 18:17:09
Bitcoin is not comparable to the internet. You’re asking society, the world, to change what they know for this. 
I direct deposit my pay check. It gets put into a secure, insured account. At any time I can walk into a bank, or log into my mobile account and move money, send money, pay any bill, snap a pic of a check straight to my account. If I have financial questions I have a physical person I can talk to. If I want to know how to invest and move my money... I go talk to the banker who may have a degree in finance and can give me advice. I can withdraw PHYSICAL money to pay my buddy, buy a coffee, fill up my car, by some jeans, put in a kids piggy bank.  Etc etc etc 
With bitcoin, you guys are expecting people to chose a system in which I have to worry about what the value of my bitcoin is tomorrow, will the coffee shop accept this method of payment, how will I pay my friend back for that beer he bought me? Who do I go to ask financial questions? Do I need to carry a USB with me at all times? What if it gets stolen? I can’t call anyone to have it cancelled or temporarily locked because everything is ‘secure’ and encrypted. If a hacker WAS to get access to my bitcoin, there’s no way to trace them. Now am I insured for that money? Nope.  Do you think a 60 year old is going to want to learn about bitcoin when they don’t even know how to operate a smartphone? What about the 21 year old who doesn’t give a damn about bitcoin. 
The negatives just go on and on. It was a great idea for a college project. The inventors are great entrepreneurs, but the reality of bitcoin is that it’s just never going to be mainstream. Never.
@_date: 2019-10-09 00:59:26
So 3 years after first hearing about bitcoin, the only place I see accepting it is Chinese restaurants. What happened to it becoming the new currency? Are people seriously still putting money into this with the belief that it is actually going to happen?
At what point will they realize they are wasting time and money and just let it go...
@_date: 2018-12-09 05:54:21
Yeah I wonder why bitcoin is worth nothing. People jump on bandwagons, but eventually the trend fades and people’s common sense comes back. Stick with a normal bank. I promise I’m not lay awake at night worried about if my computer gets formatted, constantly checking and hoping the value went up. Living in hope. Sorry for your loss, but welcome back to the real world. 
Let the downvoting begin lol. Sorry all. Just being real. 
@_date: 2018-12-09 14:31:15
Just stop lying to yourselves though. People get so excited on here when they see that their local sushi restaurant accepts bitcoin as payment. Why? That’s literally the extent of what I see these days. The only time I hear anyone speak about Bitcoin is on Reddit. It was an interesting concept, but it’s just not practical. This thread is a perfect example. No stability. No assurances. No Insurance. It’s just not going to catch on.  The trading world counts on the value of currencies. Why would this crypto ever work? 
Sure your bitcoin might be worth 3,800. But to who?! Other bitcoin users. And that’s it. Da Vinci’s paintings are worth millions. But again, to who? It’s a valuation. But nobody is buying it. And if they did, it’s going to be someone in the history community. Not people in the everyday world. 