@_author: firstworldandarchist
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:47:04
This is stupid and genius at the same time.
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:18:04
PC load letter? What the fuck does that even mean?
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:54:11
Don't forget to also deduct the cost of electricity, rental space for your rig, and the depreciated deductible value of your equipment as well.
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:45:21
How about you go visit and look into the various ways it could be funded. They won't just be printing up new money.
Please actually research something before you call it idiotic.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:26:16
So would a basic income. Please actually look into it before dismissing it.
A BI would provide JUST enough for the basic life expenses and nothing more. Enough money to pay for housing and food.
Why would people work if there was a basic income? Because people would naturally want more than sustaining their basic needs. They want a nice house. They don't want to live in a small apartment with roommates. They want new computers, and they want cars, and they want to go out to movies and dinners with friends. They want to vacation and travel. They can't do any of that with a basic income, so people would still work for money if there was a basic income.
What life would you rather live? Would you not work, and live in a cramped apartment with three other people, eat cheap no-name bland food all the time, never go out to any events, and your only source of entertainment is netflix and steam game sales - most of which you can't play because your computer is so outdated? (Keep in mind that this is the living conditions of the majority of the people on the lower end of the economic scale who also work 1 or 2 jobs)
Would you like enjoy working in a field of your choosing, (Possibly running your own business) with reduced competition (because, you know, a lot of people with basic income would be working less), and you yourself would be able to work as little or as much as you want, have the exact house, car and lifestyle that you choose. 


Why do you think it would be like that? A basic income isn't like communism where 100% of the income from every worker is taxed and redistrubuted. No. A low/no skilled worker would still earn ~30K, where as a doctor or engineer would earn ~100K+
A basic income would keep everything that is great about capitalism intact, while fixing the one problem where money generally ends up in the hands who have the most of it.
The best analogy for basic income I've seen: Getting started in todays economy is like trying to play a game of monopoly after someone's already won.
With a basic income, it would greatly improve the lives of the poorer class (The &lt;30% of the population) - They would be given enough to survive, still have incentives to work for more, but actually be able to make long term decisions that benifit them (Example: Work two jobs to afford rent, or be able to go to school/start their own business) - They also won't be in detrimental conditions when their employer cuts their hours.
The middle class lifestyle (The 30-80%) would largely remain unchanged. People work, a small portion of their income is taxed, but they can still afford a large amount of luxury in their lives. I can also see a large portion of these people going into business for themselves (How many people out there dream of running their own business, but can't because it's too risky?)
The upper class would have to pay more taxes. Capital Gains would have to be fairly taxed at the same rate as income tax. Warren Buffet is famously quoted for paying less taxes than his secretary. HOW IS THAT OKAY? I urge you to view this video that illustrates the grossly unfathomable wealth inequality in the world. (Important graphic @ 1:42) 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:13:25
Absolutely. If they're going to tax your mining revenue as income, you can deduct the expenses incurred to make said income.
I'm self employed,  and this is pretty standard tax practices. However I'm in Canada, and your tax laws may vary. Consult a professional accountant.
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:21:24
Thank you, and I hope this starts a trend with app developers.
I'm incredibly pissed off with my current banks android app. It's just a basic online banking app, allowing you to see your account balances and transfer funds.
I refuse to update it, because the update wants permission to access my contacts, calender, sms/mms, phone log, locations, and if my phone is connected to a call and that remote phones number. God, just fucking no.
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:53:02
Yes, a social assistance program is entirely funded with a socioeconomic ideology. 
Are you twelve? Do you actually have anything to say here of value?
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:29:46
I emailed them about a month ago asking if they had any plans to accept coins (specifically earthcoins because I believe eac and kiva share a similar I ideology) and they basically shrugged it all off, saying they only use PayPal because pp offers them 0% fees.
tldr : no, they don't 