@_author: fishonheaters
@_date: 2018-12-26 02:06:25
I apologize for just seeing this now. I haven't been on reddit as often and most of the time am only a lurker. I am a current graduate student in economics and have taken an undergrad and a grad level game theory course, so I am a little familiar with what you are trying to say I believe, but feel free to correct me if I am wrong. 
First of all, let's assume we are talking about "utility" cryptos, with the ultimate purpose of being used as a currency and not an asset. This is obviously not true for many or even most of cryptocurrencies. 
You are basically using backwards induction to provide a proof for what a storage of value is. Like I mentioned before and as you know, the entire purpose of currency is a storage of value. Currencies are only useful when trusted by the society. If the trust fails, then the currency will no longer be accepted for the previous price/ceases to be accepted at all. This is true in your example, and also true if many many people start deciding that they are no longer accepting USD.
A USD is worth a USD because the US government says that it is. If trust in the US decreases, then the market value of a USD relative to other currencies will decrease (obviously). This is also true for cryptocurrencies. That's why early adopters for cryptos value the number of people accepting these forms of payment, because more users normally means more trust.
There is nothing inherently valuable about USD or these crypto. Trust is required for both. Your example fails to distinguish any difference between USD and crypto. If citizens of countries where their local fiat start to perform worse than crypto, than the lawyer, the baker, and the doctor will start to accept these forms of payment. More adopters will almost certainly follow, and the price will increase. The same is true for modern countries, although I cannot see any foreseeable future (hopefully!) where bitcoin is outperforming any of the world's major currencies.
@_date: 2018-12-10 21:19:30
This isn't a singular event that takes place where people lose the faith of currency over night. The utility of currency is as an intermediate for goods and a storage of value. The idea is that if bitcoin can outperform the USD during a recession than it becomes a better form of both of these things. This is what we are seeing in Venezuela/other high inflation countries today. Bitcoin offers fluid international exchange and a, decentralized ledger for storage of value. Additionally, the trust of crypto will increase over time, all else equal, as younger, more technologically emerged populations control a higher percentage of wealth. 
@_date: 2018-12-27 05:44:57
Yes, because unit of measure and medium of exchange can be assumed here, without question (and hopefully you know that...). Bitcoin can be transacted at 0.00000001 of the 21 million coins that can circulate. Other cryptos have even larger volumes of exchangeable units. 
Medium of exchange is of course true when we are talking about something with no inherent value that is storing value. In fact, the innovative part of cryptos and how they are categorically different than existing currencies is how they are exchanged. 
Your argument that because bitcoin can't get somebody out of jail by paying taxes is laughably, horrendously weak. A currency is absolutely not defined as its ability to pay taxes. Just because Bitcoin hasn't been adopted for paying taxes yet doesn't mean that it cannot be adopted in the future. And even under the likely scenario that Bitcoin cannot be used to pay taxes directly, Bitcoin can be used as an intermediary for the national fiat required to make those payments. Bitcoin is the first glimpse into a globalist future of having an international currency.
The US gov't will likely never give up their central banking powers so adopting Bitcoin is almost completely out of the question. But what is stopping the US government from creating a cryptocurrency of their own? The political environment and incentives certainly aren't there today, but the technology is, and it's unclear how motives will change in the future. 