@_author: fistkick18
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:01:27
As an econ major, this statement is correct.
I'm absolutely not one of those 6 people either.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:54:18


Thats... so wrong. All that they showed was that Ulbricht would have ordered a hit if he thought his life was in danger! That's not a crime you wouldn't commit otherwise. That's a crime you have decided to commit and it just happens that a police officer is the reason why.
I don't know about you, but if I felt my life was in danger, I wouldn't order a hit. I'd probably go to the police. Oh wait, he was already facilitating a crime (not that I think selling weed should be a crime, but it is a federal crime), and so would have to oust himself as a criminal in order to get protection.


Whether you like it or not, Ulbricht was not an unwary innocent. He was a criminal, they just found a way to catch him.
And also again: 


Threats are not fraud, trickery, or persuasion. This might be some other sort of misconduct on the officer's part legally, but I don't think this falls under entrapment.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:15:35


Because he is knowingly going to commit a crime?
Feeling like you need to hire a hitman doesn't mean hiring a hitman is permissable. There is literally never a situation a normal person would be in that would lead them to thinking they'd need to hire one.
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:50:19
That's not what entrapment is.
Entrapment is when someone like a police officer convinces someone to break the law under the pretense of their action being cooperative/legal.
Perfect example is being drunk in your own house, being asked to step outside by a police officer, and getting arrested for public drunkeness. You were not committing a crime until the police officer lied to you in order to ensure your arrest.
Willfully committing a crime set up by a police officer (like ordering a hit or prostitution) is not entrapment.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:36:40
Ok, but your definition can be misconstrued to include the exact examples I was stating are not entrapment.
I'm not saying your definition is wrong or not the technically/legally correct definition - I'm saying that your definition is the exact reason why people misunderstand what entrapment is - because the wording can be misconstrued easily.


So it has the requirement of false pretenses, persuasion, or lying.
From Sherman v. United States:


@_date: 2017-05-23 04:49:58






You've given literally no evidence to that fact.


Yes, police can "just happen to be" the cause for a crime. They literally do it all the fucking time. What do you think a sting operation is?? It's definitely not entrapment.


Dude, you are talking out of your ass. For one, he didn't actually get someone killed by a hitman. You claim to have read "all about this case" but you gloss over the fact that what he is getting put down for is *attempting* to put a hit out on someone.
Yes, it is ok. Legally. It may be fucked up and wrong, but "entrapment" isn't just a catch-all for every fucked up thing the police do. ***It doesn't have to be entrapment for you to find the police's behavior morally reprehensible***. Entrapment has a specific definition, and yours is wrong.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:38:23
To put it more bluntly, coercion/intimidation is not considered to fall under entrapment. 