@_author: fitbanovice
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:26:24
Thanks! That looks straightforward enough.  So it seems I'll just need a small flash drive then, as none of that will exceed a gigabyte.
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:17:02
I second this.  Takes a while to get verified but worth it.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:12:52
I agree.  That is exactly the kind of response that does absolutely nothing to help bitcoin grow and become adopted more widely.
If you want that to happen then you need it to appeal to precisely those people who don't fully know how bitcoin works, or have the time to extensively research the arguments for and against btc and bch.
As someone who has been holding for a couple of years and is inclined to back btc, I have to agree that the merits of btc over bch are not obvious to me.  And if people like me come to ask questions and the only responses we get are memes, extreme rhetoric and ad hominem attacks on people in the bitcoin world, then this is really harmful to the overall project.
I'm keen to see btc become a widely used global alternative to fiat, and for my investment to grow but do not have the time or, frankly, the interest to make this a hobby; researching all the inner workings of btc and the computer science behind it, just like I don't with fiat currency.
If you want something to become popular, you have to accept that there will be a small group who are knowledgeable and interested in it, and a majority who simply use it without asking many questions.
And the one thing that will put people off using it is the kind of tribal nonsense I'm seeing at the moment.  If I dedicate half an hour of my day to reading up on whats happening with bitcoin, and I look at r/bitcoin and r/btc and see no difference in the quality of posts - two equal and opposite examples of tribalism and group think, how can it be clear to me which to back?
Mention bch on here, or btc on there, and you are greeted with emotional and irrational unthinking responses, often by people whom I'm sure aren't comprehensively aware of why one is better than the other, but have picked their side and are ready to demonize the other.  It's laughable how similar the posts you see each day on each sub are, both commenting on how those on the opposing sub are losing their shit, are manipulated by dark forces, self-censored etc and why it's obvious and not questioned why their currency is superior and the other one is a joke.
If this is the case with bitcoin cash, then fine, but provide some impartial and grown up reasons for the criticism, and at least give the impression that you're open to honest debate and the possibility of having your own view modified when presented with credible arguments and evidence. 
Because right now, if you complain that this whole bitcoin cash episode is muddying the water, trying to derail bitcoin, giving a bad impression of childish infighting and putting people off from adopting bitcoin, then please know that much of the behaviour on this sub is equally responsible for that.
Remember what you're trying to do here - promote a currency that EVERYONE can use (and if you're just here to watch your profits grow then you share the same objective: to increase the number of people buying bitcoin).  If instead you want to be part of an exclusive club that congratulates itself on picking the right team, doesn't engage with dissenting voices or concerns, and just wants to call the other side names and brand anyone not as clued up as you as stupid, then fine.  But don't expect your currency to grow (at least not as quickly).
If bitcoin cash is some nefarious breakaway group with bad intentions or a flawed understanding and bitcoin is the true superior, then fucking act like it.  Demonstrate the superiority of the science behind btc.  Use your best arguments and explantions. 
 Answer questions with honesty and goodwill.  Admit that there are aspects of bitcoin cash that non-experts could find persuasive.  Because right now, with regards to the level of debate, quality of arguments and general conduct, these two subs are as bad as each other.
@_date: 2018-02-25 18:25:31
Yup, it's suspicious the number of posts today bigging up this old news, and the hyper-enthusiastic pro-Putin comments underneath..