@_author: fitzerrick
@_date: 2016-11-04 16:20:44
The question nobody in this sub seems to want to think about...
@_date: 2016-10-24 10:23:52
What do you mean gameable? That implies that profit can be gained by cheating? How is this cheating? The rules are clear cut: The majority of the network is all that is required. Bitcoin *is* and *does* what the majority agrees it is and does. Ideally you get 100% of people to agree but this is far from a perfect world and at some point if there is a majority &lt;= 51% they have the ability to hard fork and leave the minority in the dust. The minority have the choice to adapt and re-join the majority or continue investing their time/energy on their now alt-coin. Perhaps after a while the majority's version of bitcoin tanks because of some decision that was made but if that happens then everyone either decides to fix it or move back to the minority's bitcoin if it still exists. 
One thing is certain. Bitcoin's days of 100% consensus are probably over because the community has grown so large. For EVERY SINGLE change to the protocol, there will be dipshits who either don't agree with it, or don't pay attention and keep up to date with what the community is doing and don't accordingly take action. Will bitcoin painstakingly hold their hands and wait ages for EVERYONE to get on board? I sure hope not. Sooner or later when the majority agrees. You have to move forward. With or without the dipshits.  
Yes, to a degree larger block sizes create pressure to centralize nodes, but in order to hit that level of centralization you'd need to have really high levels of usage on the chain. Like, VERY, large numbers of transactions. That shit's not going to happen tomorrow. It's not going to happen a year from now. Probably not even two years from now. By the time we need better hardware and more bandwidth and whatnot to keep up with the block chain, those things will be easier to come by, I think. I'd rather take the risk and opt for bigger blocks such that bitcoin is un-gimped and can grow again rather than let it stagnate like it is now.
@_date: 2016-10-24 08:55:50
Wouldn't it be the fault of the 30% that they are not accepting blocks of a large enough size? I mean come on. 70% of the network is flagging for larger block sizes. This 30% is holding the network back. Keep up or GTFO. 
@_date: 2016-10-24 06:57:10
Wait. Even a run-of-the-mill desktop computer can handle way more than the 1mb current block size limit. Why would you need a data-centre to handle the block-chain? Just buy a couple big hard-drives. You can get 2TB for under $100.00 currently. Problem solved for literally years. 