@_author: fixyourserversjagex
@_date: 2019-02-26 01:32:38
Thank you for the detailed reply!


Ok, so are you saying I could join the node here:[
Create a channel, move funds in.
And then make a payment with those same funds / that same channel to:[
Does this require special configuration for both of these merchants to be "connected", or is this just how the LN routing works by default? Meaning if I setup a BTCPay server and someone wants to buy from me, they can use funds from their joltfun channel to make purchases from me?
@_date: 2019-02-26 02:21:13
Thanks. This helps a lot!  This gives me enough hope to try it out. I just don't want to see new channels with every single merchant and delays for new customers who don't already have a channel with us. If that's not the case, it might actually work out for us! Based on my research this past week, unfortunately, I agree with most of what you've said. A bit off topic, but I believe widespread, mainstream adoption of cryptocurrency is likely to fail if bitcoin does not succeed. Bitcoin is still a tiny baby, though, compared to the age-old financial system we have in place. 5 more years isn't a long time, relatively speaking in that regard. I'm okay with waiting that long. Unfortunately, the world is growing increasingly chaotic and the bitcoin baby needs to grow up fast! Lol :)
@_date: 2019-02-26 01:26:43
First off, thank you!


Well, I guess I just assumed the lightning network was meant for speedy transactions in general (from Joe's Taco Truck, or whatever), since that's been a massive roadblock in mainstream point-of-sale adoption of BTC. I'd say this is a good solution for online subscriptions or recurring payments, not for one-off purchases from a physical store..


If 3 different restaurants in town all run their own BTCPay server/node with lightning enabled, is it possible for me to lock funds into one channel to pay all of them?  The routing for these indirect connections is provided by default? Or is this something they'd have to specifically manage/configure and maintain?  If the latter, I really don't see how this is something anyone expects your average business to do realistically at scale.
If my understanding is correct (that these channels do not link up by default) the only way I could see real lightning-enabled point-of-sale possible, would seem to require a 3rd party to manage all of these indirect connections, which will be great for Coinbase or Bitpay. Unless you're saying this happens automatically by default?
I have heard a little about "Watch towers", so I might look into that some. Seems like extra overhead and I'm not sure is going to be my solution, but we'll see!
EDIT: according to the post(s) here by this routing between channels does seem to happen by default. I'll have to just test it out myself and see if we can use this. Thanks!!
&amp;