@_author: fjf58
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:29:51
Perhaps you would pay for using decentralised Facebook, because when you uploaded your photos, they were stored at full resolution (assuming you wanted to pay for that) on IPFS/Sia/Storj/filecoin; as appropriate, and you could take their presence there as being a reliable permanent backup, of files you still owned fully when though they weren't on your physical device. Businesses could offer incentives for their customers to take photos or do other value adds for their pages; be it straight up crypto, rebates, vouchers or discounts (the latter three still in some form of crypto possibly). Users could pay minute amounts of money, in exchange for no advertising - with no central company extracting profit, and simply the cost of running the service being charged, fees could be extraordinarily low. The people working to better the service (who would be paid similar to lykke streams perhaps) couldfocus away not on how to extract maximum revenue via advertising via data mining user content (there would now be no-one working on this - unless you willingly entered into agreement with an advertising company; unrelated to the main venture, to pay your fees for you, in exchange for giving them permission to do this), and instead the developers interests could align with their users; they could focus on how best to serve their users, and anyone could openly innovate on the platforms offerings. As decentralised services, they would have no reason not to make data fully open - since the service is owned by everyone, not a central company, enabling users to re-use their data across various online services - again, opening the door to innovation on a level our centralised internet services cannot dream of.
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:00:20
The slippage and fees involved in fx also make up a large part of the prices you pay for goods and services. In our new globalised world, with complex supply chains, this gives banks multiple opportunities to take a piece of a transaction, as goods pass from source to customer. If even 1% passes into the hands of the finance industry every time these goods change hands, that's a few percent on every foreign good you buy, I would happily wager. And I'm sure banks charge more than 1% for these conversions.
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:42:19
So in other words, as it stands today, BTC with its 1MB blocksize cap can, even in the midst of a spam attack, offer near free transactions, and its not BTC that's causing the high fees, it's the users not voting with their feet? Damn. Can't people understand already, this ain't your grandpa's democracy, your voice and actions actually count for something!
@_date: 2018-03-14 03:20:32
You need to be more specific. You want to experiment with smart contracts? Ethereum; Consenys etc. Will easily end up working on private block chains, now or in the future. Decentralising banking? Go to meetups, talk to people, find companies that are doing work (experiments) that catch your interet. Need to find people to put together a team and work on a new idea? London -- where you'll also find plentiful fintech funding, and quality team members. People dedicated to decentralisation? South America, I wish I could remember the name of the city. Someone help me ha
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:44:41
I agree. Best option then, is to replace all your fiat with Bitcoin, upon receipt of said fiat.
@_date: 2017-06-22 19:29:14
I haven't checked if the mnemonic your wallet generates is BIP39 (somewhere here says, it is).
If that's the case use iancoleman's excellent generator (offline), by typing the mnemonic into the box at the top. You don't need to select how many words, the first and last step is typing in the mnemonic. It will generate a bunch of stuff. Check that the Bitcoin addresses generated match those your wallet provides if you tell it you want to receive funds.
Your options for wallets to move to include CoPay and Electrum.
To import into CoPay, select the + to the right of wallets, new personal wallet, give it a name, open advanced options and change random wallet key to specify recovery phrase. Enter the recovery phrase and select create new wallet. It will recreate your existing wallet.
Alternatively, you might simply want to sweep the funds from each address you've previously used.
In that case grab the corresponding private key for each and add it to a blockchain.info wallet (they don't verify the email address you provide), you will pay a transaction fee for each sweep.
If security is more of an issue, find a guide to using a Linux Live CD and Electrum wallet offline.
If the amount of money involved is enough that you would be upset if you lost it, security is important. As for future use, Ledger Nano S works nicely with CoPay (requires a phone that supports OTG though).