@_author: fjmurgatroid
@_date: 2014-01-05 11:54:20
What you need is a client that allows offline signing.  Armory does a good job...   The idea is that the private keys are stored only on the offline (USB-hosted) OS. 
You run two instances of Armory, one on a connected computer and one completely offline.  The online instance contains "watching only" copies of your wallet (it has the public key, but not the private keys) 
Completing a transaction then involves 3 steps. 
1 - Create the transaction on a online computer
2 - Copy the transaction to the offline computer (it's a text flle that can be moved on a USB key) and sign it using the offline instance of Armory
3 - Copy the signed transaction back to the online computer, from where it can be broadcast to the network. 
This approach provides a very high degree of assurance on key security. 
Armory also provides a nice way to backup all your keys to paper, because it can generate many addresses from a single root.
 
I hope that this helps. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 19:05:12
One alternative is   Less than 1% plus $4 per transfer.  No BtC exposure. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 21:02:26
Synching with the blockchain is a separate issue from offline signing. 
I'm quite familiar with Armory, but I've never used Electrum.  Here's my understanding based on a quick review of the the Electrum docs. 
Armory requires that one of your computers (the online one) syncs with the blockchain, so it can take a day or so to download the blockchain on first use.  Electrum does not require any of your computers to sync the blockchain.  Their servers do that on your behalf.  That allows instant startup. 
Both Armory and Electrum allow offline signing (keeping your private keys on a disconnected machine, and signing only on that machine).  
In Armory, ofline signing is handled though the GUI.  See an overview at  . In Electrum, offline signing appears to require command line. See 
The bottom line...  Armory will take a a day to start up, but is probably slightly easier to use for offline signing.  
Kind regards,
@_date: 2014-01-06 07:28:41
A bootable linux USB that is used only for coin transactions is much safer than storing coin  on a machine that is permenently connected and used for other things. I think it offers plenty of security for casual transactions. 
It may in fact be too secure.  Afther the pain of getting everything set up, one of the joys of paying with bitcoin is how quick and easy it is compared to credit cards, especially (shiver) the Verified by Visa thing.   I keep my casual wallet on my mobile phone, just like I keep my real wallet in my pocket. 
When I buy something online, typically the site creates a QR code that encapsulates the total amount requested and their address.  I snap that QR code with my phone, and the transaction is done in seconds. It's a nice user experience.  I'd hate to have to boot a dedicated OS to do those small transactions. 
 
@_date: 2014-01-05 21:25:37
Any OS can be compromised if it connects to the internet.   There are may possible attack vectors for any OS once it's connected, and there is a thriving industry in so called "zero day" exploits that have not yet been publicised or patched. 
The gold standard in security is to keep signing offline, use a clean linux build, use a dedicated USB key for moving the transactions back and forth. 
For a good overview see the slides starting slide 29 in the presentation at 
