@_author: flailfast
@_date: 2013-06-19 20:57:53
Thanks! Agreed, I'm kind of obsessed with Meteor too...and their roadmap looks extra awesome too: 
Really appreciate the design feedback. I'm colorblind, and as a child, I could never fit the square block into the square hole. So I tried to keep it as simple as possible to avoid assaulting the eyes of poor Internet strangers. Clearly it needs a little bit of work...but the good news is, however ugly it may be, it scales down to mobile gracefully. So at least there's that.
@_date: 2013-06-20 14:31:42
:'( this article makes me sad, but I won't delete it (that seems to go against the spirit of the site). At least half the content (as of now) is from my own hand, and absolutely original. The last thing I want to do is steal content; the whole purpose is to give authors a unique opportunity to generate bitcoins directly from readers...I wish I knew more about this author's critique (is it you?) -- I would be happy to engage them in discussion and try to allay their concerns. If it's regarding bitcoin disbursements, remember that in the about page I specify that I can only transfer to authors in 0.05BTC increments (0.01 to me, 0.04 to the author) -- until that point is reached, I cannot transfer due to limitations in the Coinbase API. But please let me know if its something else; I definitely want to improve the site based on constructive feedback.
@_date: 2013-06-19 21:40:41
Oh I'm sure all of those things are just lies. That she told me. Because she's also a liar.
...ugh, I hate being mean to specific people. I take that back. Much easier to insult an amorphous, anonymous Internet's mother. I'm sure your mother is a classy woman, sir/madam, and I apologize.
@_date: 2013-06-20 14:16:57
Have a beer! That always helps me.
@_date: 2013-06-27 17:44:27
I'm a huge Coinbase fan (especially of their API) -- glad to see they're continuing to improve their product!
@_date: 2013-06-19 23:28:36
Glad you like it, and thanks for the positive feedback! That's a really good idea; should be relatively easy to wire up. Expect an update tonight or tomorrow.
Edit: I tried implementing and realize that my BTC overlay code wasn't as portable as I thought (d'oh). That said, I think I may have an easier solution that I'm going to implement to remove my (probably FUBAR'd) click logic from the equation.
@_date: 2013-06-21 17:35:54
Thanks for the reply -- I wound up talking with [him on Twitter]( I realize I wasn't clear about the 0.05BTC limit and have changed the site to reflect that more clearly when someone submits an article.
That said, I feel like I've done the guy a disservice, so I'm going to figure out a way to manually refund the BTC his article generated, then (with his permission) remove the articles
I really hope I can make this limit lower in the future...basically just waiting on Coinbase to allow smaller transactions, but it's on their roadmap.
@_date: 2013-06-19 22:50:47
Nope, although I hear good things! For Bitbanter I kept all animations in CSS3, although that proved slightly annoying due to Meteor's tendency to redraw things.
@_date: 2013-06-19 18:29:53
OP and Original Bitbantster here. For more background on the site, click on 'pi' in the header (I hope it's a mildly entertaining read). Some other details below:
1) Built with Meteor.js and Coinbase; happy to talk through implementation challenges if anyone's interested.
2) The lofty goal behind Bitbanter: reduce barriers between (potentially anonymous) satirists and consumers while forgoing the traditional data collection/ad model. Besides the data a user voluntarily submits, zero data collection goes on (even bitcoin amounts come straight from the blockchain). I'm not 100% opposed to Big Data, but to me there's a strong philosophical argument for unbundling content from advertising and trying something "pure."
3) The less lofty goal behind Bitbanter: I love making people laugh, and wanted a place to showcase and scale my satire. But blogs are boring, so I made this instead.
4) Yes, I'm aware that at scale there are some huge problems with the way articles are promoted (e.g. spam, someone with big pockets could push an article to the top and my whole anti-bundling-ads argument goes to shit). Still thinking through those issues, but figured they wouldn't matter as long as the site was tiny.
5) Man bitcoin is cool. Without bitcoin, it would have been much, much more difficult (I think impossible, but I have a small mind) to build a platform where people can post things anonymously and get value from others seamlessly (I was definitely inspired by the bitcoin tipper bot). Even if this f(l)ails, I'm pretty excited about bitcoin's future. There are more nascent bitcoin ideas on Earth than are dreamt of in my philosophy...and I'd love to see them.
Let me know what you think! Feedback/insults always welcome.