@_author: flamingnipplesoffire
@_date: 2017-12-17 04:15:13
Theres a joke here involving conversion from mass to energy and bitcoin going to the moon.
@_date: 2017-01-18 07:06:09
I'm really sorry, mate. I profiled the fuck out of you based on previous experience. I'm so sorry, dude. I had no clue what you meant by paper wallet and assumed it referred to dollars/euros/etc.
EDIT: You're not the same guy, mb. Still, my bad.
@_date: 2017-01-18 06:44:49


~~I really wish you guys would stop trying to shoehorn in the flaws of fiat currency as if it means you always get a pass within bitcoin. You do at times because there's no better solution, but it's not always the case. I'm not bringing this up because of the individual loss to a person for losing a harddrive or their dollars or their gold in a safe. This is just about the logistics of the bitcoin system. I get how gold works. I get how fiat currency works. I understand there are very obvious parallels. I'm not even saying that cryptocurrencies can't work. I'm trying to understand if this is a legitimate flaw which exists because it ostensibly doesn't have to.~~
EDIT: I'm super sorry.


Now, I'm not saying this is going to crash the bitcoin market tomorrow or ever. It just means a problem exists in proportion to the amount of bitcoins not usable, but there doesn't necessarily have to exist a problem in the first place.
@_date: 2017-01-18 05:46:00


I figured it'd be pretty much impossible to coordinate considering the scope of bitcoin's acceptance. This is why I've always figured we'd just create a new crypto currency without this flaw. The reward system is well thought out and the value it has justifies itself because of the analogs to gold, but it doesn't seem secure.


That'd just create new bitcoins though, unless you're referring to the idea I had. If you're referring to the tangential idea I thought up, then that's a good idea. Even just having a collective pool, to buy the hardware and democratically assign ownership, would be a good idea.
The risk isn't even just in swaths of people just dropping their hard drives on the ground either. War, theft, damage, human error, natural events, etc. exist. You can lose a bunch of paper dollars in those, but so long as the government with control over the money supply exists, the problem has an elegant solution over a reasonable time; the value is predicated on the strength of that system of government. With bitcoin, there is no solution at all, not even a long one.
@_date: 2017-01-18 08:41:56
Hold on, I still have a bit of a hard time with people on this sub because a lot of people really hate fiat currency here. I'm also wondering if you're referring to the current system in a sarcastic manner, but ignoring my appendage of all bitcoins. Call me autistic or just poor at reading comprehension, but I just want to make sure of what you're referring to.
@_date: 2017-01-18 06:12:53


This is now an issue about ethics and voting, just to be clear. Assuming the stipulation I had is put into effect, then those with the highest amount of bitcoins owned would have the largest amount of bitcoins at risk. It's not a different proportion to everyone else, but there's a fiscal value attributable to the scale. As opposed to people hedging the value of ownership in mining hardware prior to their involvement, you'd instead be forcing those with large amounts of bitcoins to purchase and become the driving operators of bitcoin mining/blockchain verification. You can very easily argue that they have a responsibility based on the amount they own, I'd say that to be frank, but the difference between the two cases is a huge inflationary shift as opposed to a slower/more stable acceptance/rise in value. It's not just volatility of bitcoin either, but shifts in ownership within real world markets. Considering the scope of bitcoin, the longer it takes to make the change, the larger the effect a change will have.
Edit: anyway, how do you get people to vote? Ostensibly, you can use bitcoins without having a computer and this is paraded on this subreddit. You, at some point, need internet access to update the transactions, but you need an interface to vote. How do you assign incentives to individuals to make available some form of interface and how do you ensure people know about a vote to the core bitcoin code? How do you let them know?


I considered the equity argument. That doesn't change the fact the bitcoins are lost. For every bitcoin lost, you are putting additional strain on the existing users who mine bitcoins which will never be used again because there doesn't exist a mechanism to put them back into circulation.
EDIT: Ostensibly, every bitcoin lost adds new value to each bitcoin in existence. This is comparable to any currency because the value of each currency is predicated on the equity holdings each person has in respect to total bitcoins in circulation. I don't intend to say the law of conservation of mass ensures the safety of gold earnings in the event of someone putting gold in a safe and then dropping it in the ocean or a volcano. For all intents and purposes, that gold will never be used again for thousands of years. If some gold is taken out of circulation, then all other gold goes up in value as the value shifts to facilitate it. It doesn't matter if we know about the gold being lost when it comes to a currency's value shifting, it just shifts, all currencies do in the long-run. Bitcoins have the added cost of needing electricity and hardware to be accounted for. So, there is waste attributable to bitcoins based on the proportion of all bitcoins out of commission even if the value of each circulating bitcoin has gone up in value.
@_date: 2017-01-18 07:35:02


Which is why I initially figured if this was a legitimate aspect to bitcoin, having to take time to account for each bitcoin regardless of the usability, it'd be best to just start from scratch.
@_date: 2017-01-19 03:42:24
Doesn't difficulty scale to provide artificially longer times though?
@_date: 2017-01-18 09:47:32
That's in line with what I was reading, but I just had a massive lapse in judgement about how transaction fees adjust, admittedly. I guess I had a subconscious bias with wanting it to fail.
I feel there's a bit of opportunity wasted considering it can only be done every 10 minutes, which I read difficulty was hardcoded to adjust to. At the very least, this means you wouldn't have as much bs with HFTs like we do on the stock market since everyone is predominately forced to trade at 10 minute intervals.
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:48:03
Really, this is the issue that's long been discussed with using deflationary currencies.
@_date: 2017-01-20 03:25:13


I'm actually entirely in line with that form of thinking. I understand there's a disproportional amount of control in certain financial entities. I also understand that money creation can be abused by governing bodies. I don't have a problem with the US government taxing profits from commodity trading or taxing bitcoin itself for public works though. I'm honestly eager to see how it all plays out. Will they try to make their own crypto currency? That'd honestly be the dumbest thing ever because a government created crypto currency would just hold the same level of credibility as fiat currency; the value is predicated on the stability and effectiveness of that governing entity and that is removed from the pillars of bitcoin.


I'll be honest, I was pretty ignorant to believe nobody had figured it was a problem. More specifically, the fact I was the only person who had a problem with it would more than likely mean I was just of a small demographic of people who have that misconception about how bitcoin functions.
Anyway, I always thought that was a good fix with it being open sourced. I didn't question it and it's why I said I'd be fine with using bitcoin if the lost coin problem was fixed. I realized now with how bitcoins are kept on a ledger that it doesn't matter. To be clear, it wasn't about bitcoin value because then each bitcoin's value shifts seamlessly within the market, but it was rather about the computing itself.


I'm not knocking anyone who held onto bitcoins and made the value go up through trading bitcoins. There's an economic imperative for early adopters to make the hugest rewards because of the risk vs reward paradigm of it all. Ostensibly, bitcoin's value is from how much purchasing power it has at any arbitrary point in time. If it costs 100 yuan to buy a hotdog and it costs 1 dollar to buy the same hotdog, then you'd trade 1 dollar for 100 yuan. Similarly to bitcoin, if you can buy $600 worth of things with $600, then you trade $600 dollars for the appropriate amount of bitcoins. You punish people who improperly speculate on the value of the commodity they're trading into. I'm sure you know this all, I don't mean to sound pedantic, but I've always considered it very inhumane even if I do trading myself.
It's more or less profiting off of people's ignorance when you sell bitcoins at 1300 before it plummets. The first bitcoin users traded them around and never obsessively held, because holding in anticipation of people buying at 1300 might never happen if they're just holding, are fine in my book.
I guess at the core of it I had an irreconcilable issue with people getting hung up on gambling, even if commodity trading is zero sum. In any kind of speculation game, you deserve what you get and I get that.
Anyway, thanks for going through all this. I learned a bunch.
@_date: 2017-01-18 06:39:08


How do you ensure people can vote on it? How do you ensure the change goes through to affect everyone?


I don't know the specifics, but I understand the mining is a means of accounting for the distribution and allocation of each bitcoin, right? Whenever you complete the chain, you get a bitcoin. Now that you have a bitcoin, the next round of mining gets incrementally more difficult because you're accounting for all new bitcoins. Each individual bitcoin not in circulation is a bitcoin which is taking up time and processing power to be accounted for. The individual value of each bitcoin may shift and the bitcoin that's mined as a reward may also go up in value based on the proportion of bitcoins no longer in circulation; however, there is an economic value placed in the time it takes to account for the lost bitcoins. I was wrong to say it was just in the miners because it's every bitcoin user as a whole.
Now, I'm not saying this is going to crash the bitcoin market tomorrow. It just means a problem exists in proportion to the amount of bitcoins not usable, but there doesn't necessarily have to exist a problem in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-01-18 11:04:19
I thought that only applied to the ones immediately used in transactions. I'm referring to all bitcoins (and you'd just adjust the proportion from a miner's fee of .00001 to some proportion of all outputs in existence). This is so lost coins can be recirculated; however, I understand now that there's no excess computational drain having to account for bitcoins sitting in some wallet or hdd and so none of this matters.
Ostensibly, the justification for someone losing .00000000001 bitcoins (or whatever amount) of their 1 bitcoin would be the fact transactions with bitcoin provide value to the bitcoins they currently own by merit of being used.  In addition to it slowly removing lost bitcoins, it'd also have redistributed bitcoins somewhat more evenly during the inception. We're past the inception, so, again, it doesn't matter too much.
EDIT:Anyway, I'm not serious with this too much. It'd only work so long as the entire process was cloud sourced and evenly distributed. In a system similar to bitcoin, it'd incentivize people to collectively mine and stop people from hording in addition to obtaining lost coins. I can tell there's a lot of problems with it just thinking about how someone can abuse it. Some examples: a firm making thousands of small transaction amongst themselves while owning a huge swath of the computing hardware; poorer people not having the assets to provide for the network and being subject disproportionately to the liquidity and frequency of the global market; it'd have short-run inflationary effects and redistribute bitcoins to the asset owners even when "real" transactions aren't being made.
@_date: 2017-01-18 08:31:50
I gave consideration to those when I first thought of this and figured they were poor solutions as well. There's an economic justification to holding on an asset and it forced liquidity (which is its own justification, but not popularly accepted, as per your explanation), which is as objectionable as dramatically devaluing current dollars with the creation of new dollars. How do outputs become to small to be spent though?
As an aside, my idea was that a proportion of all existing bitcoins would be allocated to miners as a fee for creating a ledger of transactions. The fee would be a proportion of all existing bitcoins in proportion to the amount available. Eventually, all lost coins would be reincorporated.
@_date: 2017-01-18 05:50:17
What if those phrases are forgotten or the wallet lost/destroyed? I'm well aware of the wallets. Why do people still mention bitcoins having been lost forever in landfills?
@_date: 2017-01-19 21:56:23
Right, I read that off the wiki. It's a game theory issue of allocating rewards, but it's hardcoded to make sure there is the 10 minute time frame regardless of the total computing power. I get that the person with a cpu rig will take ages when the competing players all have vastly superior setups, but that doesn't refute the fact there will still be an artificially made threshold.
HFT can't exist with assured confidence within bitcoin by just the system itself. It'd mean at an arbitrary amount of time all those who were practicing HFT would need to eventually finalize it within the blockchain, but you'd need to be in an agreement. Not saying there's anything wrong with it, but it's more work necessary. You can know that your transaction will go through because you paid an entity the appropriate amount of money to be accepted, but it doesn't reward efficient setups like with normal financial trading. Ostensibly, the faster the hardware is, the quicker you will be able to finalize transactions. With bitcoin it doesn't matter how efficient it is because the finalization process ensures an artificial threshold, even if it's not explicitly 10 minutes. This isn't to say it's a bad thing, there are benefits to having an equalizing threshold. If you consider a uniform distribution function when it comes to players willing to pay higher fees and you correlate it to the amount of time it takes to finalize, you will see that with bitcoin that the chi-distributions of the right end of the distribution function have a variance drastically lower than stock trading or any other kind of transaction. Basically, it relinquishes maximum efficiency of the hardware to make it more equal for players within in the bitcoin market. In "real" trading, we see the rewards for efficiency, but we also see a higher skew on the distribution function.
@_date: 2017-01-18 08:06:59
Ok, I understand now. Until recently, people didn't care about transaction fees because the profit of bitcoins from a block was far greater. Moreover, there weren't any outrageous fees, I assume, because the lack of fees brought in more users, which gave value to bitcoin. In the future, I assume there will be a more streamlined, crowd-sourced process of documenting transactions which isn't predicated on the creation of new blocks as the mining equipment necessarily becomes more advanced.
Admittedly, I'm a bit shaky on my understanding of it still. I'm wondering about how transactions are accounted for assuming nobody is trying to generate new blocks. For the most part, it just seems the big flaw is the fact transactions can take 10 some minutes to finalize, but that should be solvable in time. I understand somewhat now why people always complained about transaction times at least.
@_date: 2017-01-19 23:41:30
I mean, I just wanted to be abundantly sure of bitcoin's scope, sorry if it sounded like I was trying to put on airs and convince myself that I'm right. With gold or dollars, nobody ever says that HFT is because of dollars or gold. Outside of the framework of dollars we have systems to do HFT. Bitcoin's reward system and ability to make a ledger make it a bit hard for people, myself included, to understand the distinction between bitcoin trading and bitcoin trading where bitcoin itself is used as a currency. To be honest, it's not bitcoins fault, but ignorance of how bitcoin works.
For me personally, I started associating bitcoin proponents with people who just didn't understand commodity trading. Remember when a bitcoin was worth 1300 dollars or so? I remember a lot of people buying at that value and it seemed so dumb. I cringed internally when someone would say, "I got rich off of bitcoin" because it didn't mean anything; it only meant someone profited off of someone's ignorance, like with someone who was able to sell shares of nintendo during the PGO phase for $36 dollars a share. Speculation and trading commodities is literally a zero sum game. It's a zero sum game, with short term gains predicated primarily on the collapse of markets. I was entirely on the disinterest and doubt boat because of how impossible it was to justify some of the "I sold all my assets through arbitrage and bought bitcoin at 1300" posts, even if they were trolling. It just seemed too volatile to even bother considering from a use standpoint or research standpoint and I was fine being cynical about it because cynicism was better, for people in general and not just me, than buying into something one is informed about.
Anyway, at the core of it I'd fully expect bitcoin to become a globally recognized thing because the value of bitcoin is foremost predicated on the security of global internet systems and then the encryption. After the first pillars, it's based on human assignation and that's directly comparable to gold. Since gold and the mechanisms of trading with it are well-understood, bitcoin can be pretty simple to understand when it comes to market implications.
It's a pretty shitty thing, the whole discourse. I'd imagine people like you were really earnest with explanations about it to people who were stuck in the "it can't work, internet funny money, etc." phase. Then you became incrementally more cynical and you started associating most disbelievers (for lack of a better term, non-adherers?) with sets of rhetoric and ignorant beliefs that were pretty popularly thrown around. So, my bad if I sounded like that. I fully understand how ignorant it sounded and the degree of pedantry in my assignation of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-18 07:15:32


I thought of that, but then you'd be punishing people who find economic reasons to hold on a currency exchange and then the amount you want to infringe on someone's ability to hold is tied to the economic impacts of having unused bitcoins accounted for (assuming it was how it worked). There's high cash flow with fiat currency because you have to compete against inflation. Gold has stability in its value and bitcoin holds a similar principle. You're not required to constantly use gold. There's arguments for the case of invalidating unused bitcoins, like there would be for forcing those who sit on gold (assuming there was no fiat currency) to spend more liberally.
None of that matters anyway because I'm wrong apparently, haha mb. It's just food for thought then.
Anyway, I'll go research the mechanism behind mining and accounting more and then come back.
@_date: 2017-01-19 22:28:46
Like I said, I was just trying to reconcile my ignorance of it. I even qualified everything to say that it was justifiable. It was just determining where inequality and "abuse" could theoretically exist if any, the mechanisms of it that is, even if it's not tied to the actual code itself.


Like with uniform distributions? It's not a complex concept. You don't even need to know the statistics, that was just formally specifying it. Bitcoin basically just has the artificial threshold to make the players have an equal playing field, but it doesn't make everyone completely equal; again, not to admonish that, but that's what occurs.
@_date: 2017-01-18 07:27:35
The only reason I figured it wasn't viable was because of the long run security. I knew there was a tapering effect to bitcoins mined which continuously narrowed, regardless of the bitcoins accessible. I understand how transaction fees are paid, but I figured the fees were proportionally distributed among all miners in the world. The fact it could be lost and still had to be accounted for was a big deal to me. I see now that people are responsible for their own blocks and the people who mined each block can assign their own transaction fees on a case basis.
@_date: 2016-11-08 03:29:16
@_date: 2016-11-08 03:27:53
Because that's the policy they are offering. Do you really not get how they aren't the same?
@_date: 2016-11-08 03:41:41
Sure, that is bad. On principal, this shares similar facets to what you just mentioned. Prevention of vote buying at this level is much more easily enforceable than the case you mentioned. In which case, since it is enforceable and easily punishable we should still try to stop it/not do it as much as we try to prevent crony capitalism.
@_date: 2019-06-28 02:20:15
R u ok?
@_date: 2017-04-21 17:46:28
Competing currencies do well when the strength of other currencies do poorly. Currency is just a reflection of total wealth, so it follows a proportionality. It follows that currencies compete proportionally and become better insofar that others do worse in comparison. Bitcoin did well during the 2008, housing crisis, so it should do well as current oversight provisions are undermined; the oversight provisions which were created in response to the 2008 housing crisis.
I'm just busting your balls. It doesn't have anything to do with bitcoin anymore than one major sector collapsing has anything to do with the stability of other sectors. I woke up and when I saw this article, the first thing I thought was the title. I was memeing, but it's still true. It's kinda vague in that most things anyone can cite would have a positive effect on bitcoin, but I remember this was a huge swing for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-22 01:07:50
Yeah, tbh I just wanted to type. It's as simple as that. 
@_date: 2017-04-19 23:11:31
You're referring to revenue generating assets for your example and not currency. Currency's purpose is to provide liquidity. The purpose of currency is to be used by people. It gains value from use. Strictly speaking, currency does not add wealth because it is a reflection of available wealth. Assets generate wealth. You don't need the currency insofar that you have wealth and that the wealth is necessary for the functioning of society.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:58:41
Wow so insightful
@_date: 2018-04-11 22:33:52
Therein lies the problem with a deflationary currency.
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:49:53
I hope to go this is a troll, please be a troll, please.
@_date: 2013-11-28 01:20:40
@_date: 2018-12-27 18:23:49


Cool, thanks, great work.