@_author: flame-broiled
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:55:24
Deleting all your comments now?
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:13:19
Right.... Look at this whole thread as an example of this whole ridiculousness. Literally NOT ONE mention of the actual question I asked. It's unbelievable, I thought at least on Reddit, all bullshit and trolls aside, I would at least get a few dignified response. 
Instead, this shitshow and one good man- one man for the cause acknowledging EVEN this post if a fucking farse. 
Not one person on reddit, besides main_element and myself give a shit about justice and what went on here?
UNBELIEVABLE. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:39:41
Amen to that. Doesn't matter if you are Charles Manson or OJ, when evidence is obtained illegally or tainted it's tossed and the case is over. No double jeopardy included.
To clarify to all the naysayers-- that was made specifically clear in the Declaration of Independence by our FOREFATHERS.
BTW, after doing some further research I found out the IRS guy who prompted the main investigation was based on new-ish IRS investigating laws which are outright, f*ing nuts. All of Ulbricht's assets were frozen long before we knew it.... Basically the IRS can seize anyone's money at any time if they feel in their "gut" that you are trying to evade IRS bank practices at any point. No warrant, no cause, nothing needed? God damn. We all need to be careful now. I shit you not. Read the NY Times article below. In essense, this WHOLE investigation had no probable cause.
--Quote on DPR IRS Money Seizure....
"His money was seized under an increasingly controversial area of law known as civil asset forfeiture, which allows law enforcement agents to take PROPERTY they suspect of being tied to crime even if no criminal charges are filed. Law enforcement agencies get to keep a share of whatever is forfeited."
--Innocent women under same law
For almost 40 years, Carole Hinders has dished out Mexican specialties at her modest cash-only restaurant. For just as long, she deposited the earnings at a small bank branch a block away — until last year, when two TAX agents knocked on her door and informed her that they had seized her CHECKING ACCOUNT, almost $33,000.
The Internal Revenue Service agents did not accuse Ms. Hinders of money laundering or cheating on her TAXES — in fact, she has not been charged with any crime. Instead, the money was seized solely because she had deposited less than $10,000 at a time, which they viewed as an attempt to avoid triggering a required government report.
@_date: 2015-02-09 10:08:26
Let me guess, this is ozoneco on another account since you got blocked.
And if you knew what charges were actually presented you would know that they CONSIDERED the murder-for-hire-charges but could not substantiate them nor find any real people who were killed as stated in the chats after searching the U.S., working in conjunction with the Canadian Police, and other LE. In fact, one of the people who was paid to hit somebody was an actual LEO. Because no hit took place and based on venue issues, NO charges regarding Attempted Murder for Ross Ulbricht have occured. He is has not been put before a jury or convicted of those crimes.... they were merely mentioned in the prosection's case to poison the mind's of the jury. And poison the jury it did....
@_date: 2015-02-09 08:37:07
No-- I'm implying that mostly likely VJ or any of the other co-owners/mods that we'll never know used the DPR name just as much as him. It's obvious if you read any transcript or interviews that there were at least 2 very different people operating the SR. 
Sorry to say, Ross just doesn't make the cut nor add up. The guy barely knew basic programming and somehow builds the worlds biggest online drug emporium? No fucking way.I call bullshit.
Now with that said, I'm not a conspiracy nut, but who knows what the hell happened here. There are so many variables and so many different potential outputs. What I do know is whether Ross commissioned the fake hits or not there is no way he created or managed that op and especially opsec for a minute. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 08:31:52
All the stupid shit he may or may not have done "allegedly" aside....
he single-handedly helped Bitcoin become a household name and increase the value astronomically. If you have any skin in the game, and have had some for a bit of time, I wouldn't be complaining about him.
@_date: 2015-02-09 10:03:29
He should have owned up to the servers. Unless.... he didn't actually own them? Did you ever think that one through. The only reason to not use that card is because you can't...... brings up some interesting points. 
And regardless of that, it does read like a shitty movie. I read through some of the transcripts and saw the evidence, I definitely think the judge was biased towards the prosecution, as to be expected given her background, but the jury is who truly stunned me.
I guess you shouldn't expect much from middle-aged middle-upper class Manhattan's who know jack shit about technology and think that taking valium/percocet is horrible unless it's their prescription.
@_date: 2015-02-09 10:20:56
He's definitely DPR. I just wonder if his server was under someone like Cymon's name instead....? Being his mentor. Then in turn screwing him over. But then again, Ulbricht seems to have been a huge control freak with everyone... except VJ/Cymon, part of the time. Just a theory.
The judge definitely did what she could. Given that Dratel was up there like a monkey with his tongue out and flinging shit in her face she handled it pretty well. His 12' hour tactics and his constant objections and mistrial screams would be enough to piss any judge off.
@_date: 2015-02-09 08:15:12
Look--The guy did some really stupid shit-- but hindsight is 20/20. The diary is absolutely ridiculous, I don't even know if I can believe that it's so absurd, so touche. But, the dude doesn't deserve life in jail for being an absolute imbecile at times. If anything, aren't you concerned about the impact this has on cases in the future and the BitCoin Market at large?
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:15:13
Haha, the only conspiracies I've ever believed in is the fact that we landed on the moon and Jew's died in concentration camps during WW2. Call me crazy. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:47:58
Haha, nope definitely not a miscarriage... Well it could be considered so by some ;)
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:50:40
God damn, this guys either a leo or a troll because he won't shut up about the murder-for-hire....which btw is IRRELEVANT. It hasn't even been brought forward as a set of charges yet. Next time you start talking about a killer ozoneco, make sure the person you're talking about got a fair trial before you start throwing around the "m" bomb. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 17:00:45
It does all revolve around bitcoin regardless of the other points. There are definitely some serious repercussions with bitcoin and any/all drug sites on the dark web and will continue to be. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:17:56
It just baffles me. I thought it was possible that Dratel had some master plan so far beyond all of our comprehension, after all, he is the one getting paid to be the lawyer....but as time keeps passing I keep thinking Ulbricht, his family, and his donators got took....
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:54:12
It actually doesn't exist. No charges have been filed....
Being the one who is advocating for our legal system, why don't you let due process take it's course before you come to judgement and bash anyone who speaks out or will listen. We can all sit here and say shit in chat that has no bearing or impact in the real world.
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:42:06
BTW, after doing some further research I found out the IRS guy who prompted the main investigation was based on new-ish IRS investigating laws which are outright, f*ing nuts. All of Ulbricht's assets were frozen long before we knew it and the unjust case was built on quicksand.... Basically the IRS can seize anyone's money at any time if they feel in their "gut" that you are trying to evade IRS bank practices at any point. No warrant, no cause, nothing needed. In essense, this WHOLE investigation had no probable cause.
--Quote on IRS Money SEIZURE from WSJ article
"His money was seized under an increasingly controversial area of law known as civil asset forfeiture, which allows law enforcement agents to take PROPERTY they suspect of being tied to crime even if no criminal charges are filed. Law enforcement agencies get to keep a share of whatever is forfeited." --Innocent women under same law For almost 40 years, Carole Hinders has dished out Mexican specialties at her modest cash-only restaurant. For just as long, she deposited the earnings at a small bank branch a block away — until last year, when two TAX agents knocked on her door and informed her that they had seized her CHECKING ACCOUNT, almost $33,000.
The Internal Revenue Service agents did not accuse Ms. Hinders of money laundering or cheating on her TAXES — in fact, she has not been charged with any crime. Instead, the money was seized solely because she had deposited less than $10,000 at a time, which they viewed as an attempt to avoid triggering a required government report.
