@_author: flashwingmoto
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:00:20
Apologies for my reddit noobness. I've edited the post and added the article in question. 
@_date: 2018-12-24 17:24:22
The accusations of Bitcoin being used for criminal purposes have certainly been made, but they are based on the premise that fiat currency isn't used for the same purpose. The same goes for money laundering or tax evasion, both of which we see on a massive scale with the US dollar. It comes down to the basic belief that if you seek out privacy with your actions, you are hiding something criminal. How many people, for example, assume someone is guilty of a crime if they invoke their 5th Amendment Rights against Self Incrimination in the United States?  
One of the difficult tasks Bitcoin has, is to understand its value or function, you also have to understand many truths about fiat. One truth about fiat is the centralization of control via banks provides a very enticing opportunity for governments to tap into purchasing history. Of course, national security or safety are always invoked as reasoning, but sooner or later the corrupt nature of these institutions results in the violation of basic liberties. One major goal of Bitcoin must be overcoming the tendency for individuals to assume criminal behavior anytime someone seeks privacy in their financial affairs.   
While beyond this discussion, this is also a trap should the US Government issue its own crypto currency. A US dollar coin issued by the government would no doubt be heavily centralized and every purchase would be fully exposed without the need for court orders or permissions of banks. We have to be vigilant and be ready to educate the public that a US Government backed crypto is NOT complaint with the vision of Bitcoin or crypto in general. 
Liberty always bring some element of risk that an individual will use that freedom to harm their fellow person. Bitcoin won't be for everyone, but we have to ensure that the uninformed masses understand that the risk involved is much more desirable in the long run.
&amp;