@_author: flashman_h
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:56:00
You're right, the other guys are in the cult. If the U.S. government decided to crack the whip, (take down sites, deny retailers ability to accept bitcoin, basically force it back underground) bitcoin would devalue so fast people would be jumping out of buildings.  One of the key features of cryptocurrency, that it can be anonymous, also makes it a huge target because it's  a perfect way to launder money
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:56:10
I have a degree in finance and I understand perfectly how our government and banking systems work. If you want to invest in bitcoin, help yourself. But when clients ask me about it I point out how volatile it is, that it's  unbacked currency, unregulated, and only not illegal in the U.S. by the whims of a legislature that may or may not see it as a competitor at some point. Sure there's corruption. But that's exactly why its a bad investment. How far do you think those guys will go to keep their money and power? The U.S. government controls (ish) monetary policy for U.S. dollars right now. Do you think they're gonna give that up without a fight? 
Like I said idc what you do with your money. There's fools everywhere
@_date: 2017-11-04 22:34:58
You point out yourself why its a terrible investment: volatility. People with consequential amounts of money are most interested in protecting it. This isn't the $500 your dad gave you for your birthday. These are assets that can guarantee wealth and security. Some people make money in pyramid schemes too. 
I just looked up the price of bitcoin. Wow that's insane and unsubstainable. I would never advise anybody to enter that environment except with the barest of principal. Somebody's manipulating that market. Wait for the crash boyo
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:48:46
No I would have sold a long time ago. Who the hell said I wouldn't?
@_date: 2017-11-04 15:37:40
Dude this is a highly risk investment and anyone that thinks otherwise is a fool. Bitcoin isn't secured by any nation, firm, or precious metal. There's no Fed directing monetary policy. It's as fiat as money can be. I can remember when bitcoins were like 10 bucks, but the whole thing was shady as hell and looked like it could be made illegal at any second. One bill passing in Congress and they skyrocket. Do I wish I had bought some? Fuck yes I do. But I didn't forget how grim it looked for the whole venture and how unstable it continues to be.