@_author: flawofhumanity
@_date: 2013-08-24 16:24:20
I'm a fan of Cop Block (have even had an article of mine published there), but I think we need more than just them and Wikileaks to truly fill the gap that you're speaking of. 
They're great at holding the police accountable and exposing corruption, but I wish there was a complimentary website that focused on the perversion of justice and really dug into the "macro" (the entire institution as a whole) corruption in government as opposed to the "micro."  (individual focus)
A while back, I tried something similar but didn't have the resources or time to invest, so it stalled out, unfortunately; the concept consisted of using crowdsourcing through websites like reddit for "feet on the ground" to collect information, monitor several mediums at once (think the Christopher Dorner thread that was constantly updated) while relying on a small team of talented/hard-hitting writers to vet facts, conduct in-depth investigations, work with sources and put it all into easily-digestible articles. 
The idea was to have a news outlet that the community was involved in while keeping it credible and legitimate, including labeling every story based on whether the article was entirely fact-based, injected opinion or if the author has a particular bias; full transparency, basically. In practice, the entirely fact-based articles are incredibly dry, but they're nice to have available along with articles written with a community bias (ie. hypothesizing possible solutions to limit further incident, using incidents/facts to make an argument that government corruption is widespread/rampant, etc.) 
Ultimately, the concept of investigative journalism (ala Dateline or 60 Minutes minus the sensationalism found in segments about Anonymous, etc.) designed to hold the government accountable and expose corruption/injustice without being at the behest of Rupert Murdoch is incredibly alluring. Only the community to answer to and a slew of writers who aren't scared to do whatever it takes to expose the truth, reporting for a news outlet that isn't scared of being taken off air and won't back down to government pressure/threats. 
If something like that could gain traction, it'd be a force to be reckoned with. Of course, that's just my opinion -- without a community around it, it could never exist. 
I probably have the means to get it started now (Marketing director for  global B2B software company -- and yes, we accept bitcoin! Won't mention our name to keep from entering spam territory, but I'm kind of proud that we're the ONLY company in our industry that can say that.), but I'm petrified and the thought of blowing 5-figures on such a website/idea and having it fall flat on its face (especially since I would be doing it out of principal/because it's the right thing to do, not generate revenue.) 
Apologies for rambling about my idea on your submission but your post reminded me of it and I thought perhaps you would have some intelligent criticisms on whether it's worth delving into a bit deeper or not. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 02:02:05
I don't mind at all! In fact, I encourage it; the way I see it, if the media isn't going to advocate for us then we have to do it ourselves -- MSNBC and Fox might seem like polar opposites on their faces, but at the end of the day, neither of 'em are looking out for the little guy. 
Exposing them doesn't matter when it's inside the confines of our own tight-knit communities (subreddits, CopBlock, etc.); we're preaching to the choir. We're not telling anyone anything they didn't already know. 
If we really want to make a stand against this shit, it's time to beat them at their own game -- they don't have to listen to us talking in a post, but their sphincter would start clenching if our soap box was a media outlet that was more credible, more reliable and, thusly, more powerful than theirs. 
Anyways, I'm tired of talking about it; if anyone wants to help **do** it, shoot me a message -- I'll have my project manager develop a game plan and put in up to $5,000 to get things started. If it costs more, we'll see if the community really wants it (crowdfunding?). 
Note: I'm serious, and all but certain that the majority of my Marketing/PR agency would put invest their time and skills as well. We'd need some high-caliber professionals that we don't have, such as a developer and graphic designer, to get the ball rolling though. 