@_author: flawlicious
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:51:18
As CryptoTrashman said it's a feature or rather a side effect from another feature that's decentralization. One of the Bitcoin's strongest points is that there's no central authority that could break the rules of the system. That also means you can't recover the coins without the private keys, otherwise someone would have arbitrary access to people's Bitcoins.
As the coins become more valuable, people will start to be more careful with their wallets and less and less coins are lost. I'm sure there will be plenty of services that will take care of storing your coins securely for you once Bitcoin becomes mainstream. But yes, Bitcoin is a deflationary currency, the price will go up as coins are lost. That's also why it's a great investment.
@_date: 2019-07-10 01:37:41
Yeah, intermediate nodes can't but I'm assuming most users aren't running their own nodes so that would be a significant issue. Anyway, I'm long due for a refresh on my Lightning network knowledge so I'll have to take a closer look at this. Routing payments through multiple nodes helps somewhat with privacy, similar to onion routing, but I have to check if there are plans to use cryptography to further improve upon that.
Here is a recent MoneroKon talk with regards to payment channels in Monero, it seems to suggest that Lightning is possible if DLSAG is implemented, no need for a breakthrough of any sorts: [
I don't think it compromises privacy characteristics because Monero already has view keys which enable audits and both parties know the amount when establishing a channel (or doing any transaction).
@_date: 2019-07-08 17:06:15
If I'm not mistaken, the Lightning nodes can? But anyway, this is comparing apples to oranges because Lightning isn't currently widely used and it would be possible to use Lightning with Monero too.
@_date: 2019-06-05 03:50:43
If you look at it long-term, yes, it's actually a good store of value. Volatility alone doesn't make it bad store of value because it has other desirable properties (very scarce, fixed supply, uncorrelated, decentralized, permissionless). It's inevitably more volatile than some other assets because there isn't a central entity manipulating the price all the time but that's a strength rather than a weakness.
@_date: 2018-03-23 01:00:58
There are already ways to upload stuff to the internet without anyone being able to take it down. Bitcoin isn't the most convenient of them. But sure, it can be done.
@_date: 2018-03-23 04:59:17
It's acceptance with the fact that every censorship resistant distributed storage system is going to have this problem. What are you going to do about it? Tell me. If it's impossible to prevent, it is impossible to prevent.
You can try to fork the blockchain. If majority of the users agree, I'm all for it. Perhaps my bitcoins are worth more after that! We can restrict the kind of data that can be embedded in Bitcoin transactions. But it's only going to prevent them from using the encoding they are using right now. 15 minutes of programming and you can once again embed the child abuse pictures in the blockchain. You can store the data in the amount of coins spent, for example. No ledger can prevent that.
Even if Bitcoin manages to block it, do you think other blockchains will? Even if blockchain technology is made illegal, do you think it will cease to exist? No. People will just use Tor and other proxies to get around the legality issue, just like they do right now.
Who are you exactly helping here? Certainly not the children. Perhaps your own political agenda? This kind of FUD does nothing to prevent child abuse but does hinder the mass adoption of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-03-22 22:16:40
"being used to distribute child porn".
Yeah, Bitcoin is for sure a great way to distribute child porn because someone embedded a few images in there which 99.99999% of people can't even decode. Let's spread more of this FUD, ban Bitcoin and ignore all the other places where it's actually distributed. 
@_date: 2018-03-22 22:20:59
You say "succeeded" like everyone didn't already know this was possible. It's obvious if you read the technical details. Nothing you can do about it. Even if you make changes to the software, they can just change the encoding.
@_date: 2018-02-07 03:49:58
True but considering how much it has already dropped, you can't really go wrong at this moment if you believe in Bitcoin long term.
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:40:49
Well, if you didn't invest too much and you think Bitcoin is much more valuable than it currently is, it is / it was a good decision to buy regardless of the outcome. Of course there will always be a risk of you losing everything - you need to price that risk in. When you've priced it in, that's as good as you can get, you can't expect to be able to predict the markets.
@_date: 2018-02-07 04:14:08
What's stupid about that? There is no way to know where the bottom will be. Half of the people trying to time the market are going to lose money. If you don't know how to daytrade, you shouldn't be doing it. Just make a plan and stick to it.
Now, if you absolutely know where the market is headed to, you don't need my advice. But since you claimed you were already wrong multiple times I thought you weren't that experienced in trading.
@_date: 2018-03-23 01:26:26
At least IPFS, Freenet and ZeroNet. You can also achieve the same thing with I2P or Tor hidden services.
@_date: 2018-03-23 21:08:51
I have no problem with the truth. I just don't agree with the alarmist way some people present things.
It's not like this changes anything. The same material was available before and the same material is going to be available in the future. As it stands, blockchains aren't really widely used for this kind of stuff. Even if they were, you can't prevent it. Educating general public about this does absolutely nothing to help the situation. Everyone who needs to know this (for example, law enforcement and blockchain developers) already know this. 
You might have no concern over what results from the information but your actions still have consequences. If I tell you the consequences and you choose to go ahead regardless, I will question your motives. It is your right of course. You do yours, I do mine.
If you want to educate the public about distributed and immutable storage systems, Bitcoin isn't a very good example. Low throughput and expensive. Bad privacy by default as well. Not to mention inconvenient.
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:06:41
The problem here is you can't stop people from distributing CP. It's a futile effort. The best you can do is track down the perpetrators and punish them.
You're calling me mentally warped but you don't understand the technical fundamentals here. No shit they're going to use another blockchain that's more friendly for distributing arbitrary data. Now what you're gonna do about it? Ban the blockchain? Even if you do, the criminals are going to use it just like now but legitimate people will stop using it. 
Based on what I have said, how I am greedy? Because I oppose an idea that helps nobody and is going to do a lot of harm? 
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:32:33
Nah, sorry, I don't daytrade myself because I feel it would be just gambling for someone with my skill level. I would need to dedicate time for learning it. Bitfinex, GDAX, Kraken, Bitstamp, OKEx, Binance - I think all of those have USD, EUR or USDT (if you're into that) pairs. Depends on your location which ones are accessible.
@_date: 2018-03-23 01:06:19
Why do you think that CP found anywhere else can be erased? There are lots of projects that provide distributed, censorship resistant, immutable storage. And if there wasn't, anyone could build one in a weekend given the tools available on the internet. So what makes Bitcoin special?
@_date: 2018-02-02 10:01:17
@_date: 2018-02-02 04:55:35
Well, it does have the basis that he/she is likely to recoup the losses within a few years. Someone who bought at 20k isn't going to find a better investment than bitcoin @ 8k. Of course it's a high risk one but it should be tolerable as long as you didn't invest too much.