@_author: flazdfakfadsf
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:09:11
I think Ethereum is a super cool project, and what you said makes perfect sense to me. *Tragically* I'm yet to hear sound logic for why you guys need 30,000 BTC, or ANY BTC for that matter, up front. I think this kills your project and it makes me really really sad.
The fact is, you're developing a coin that will command a market price. If your work is well-received, that market price will rise. As insiders to Ethereum, your team will have the perfect opportunity to mine Ether and acquire said Ether on the open market at very low prices.
Why isn't that good enough for you? Why isn't it good enough for your team to release the coin, acquire it at a fair price, and then profit from the price appreciation?
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:22:12
There will only be one predominant global cryptocurrency in the coming years. Ethereum is jockeying for that position. It's what altcoins do. They can say Ethereum is "oil to Bitcoin's gold" just like Litecoin can claim they're "silver". In the end, all altcoins are jockeying for Bitcoin's  position. It's a game of king of the hill. Everything else is marketing speak.
@_date: 2014-02-22 20:03:13
Well then, it's really too bad banks wouldn't care about fair issuance models. They certainly couldn't propose any worse garbage than what your team has dreamed up.
And I do bet you'll show us the proof of Neil's very real contributions to the Ethereum codebase before raising one Satoshi.
For all their flaws, bankers at least know how to get down to business. What your team is doing here, spreading buzzwords and propaganda for self-enrichment, is just tragic.
@_date: 2014-02-22 19:20:19
It most definitely is not the norm in 2014 for altcoin makers to be demanding thousands of Bitcoin up front. Especially when the altcoin is premined and uncapped.
Your team may succeed in raising 30,000 BTC; but if this happens, it will be through raping investors who don't know any better.
Your team is abusing fame for large scale dissementation of propaganda with the goal of self-enrichment. It works very well in other industries.
@_date: 2014-02-22 16:57:04
Bitcoin went through a similar integer overflow bug in 2010, but luckily for Satoshi, no one cared about Bitcoin back then and so nobody lost any money. The fake BTC transactions were quickly nullified by a code push, just like the fake Counterparty transactions were nullified by a code push. In both cases, the code push happened hours after identifying the bug. In Counterparty's case, a [shoddy Bitcoin exchange]( lost money. So did some of the people using that exchange. Big fucking deal. It's fixed now.
@_date: 2014-02-22 16:32:28
Yeah, and we've been hearing the exact same illiquidity and unobtainability concerns from Professor Bitcorn.


Well tough luck, Bitcorn.
Satoshi was able to amass a disproportionate sum of BTC, much more disproportionate than anyone involved in the Counterparty burn. Everyone had the opportunity to sacrifice real BTC for nonexistent XCP. Why wouldn't you want to burn for XCP? Oh you did? Then why wouldn't you want to mine BTC in 2010? Oh you did?
Do you catch the drift of this story? It's a story of tough luck. Your ear wasn't planted to the ground, and you missed the 4AM train as it left the station without you. You can keep blaming others for your circumstances, or you could act like any other trader in the cryptocurrency markets and trade on your knowledge.
And no, I didn't burn. I'm just commenting because I see ridiculous double standards plastered all over this thread. So many people are accusing Counterparty of being unfair. Really? Let's survey the competition.
Look at Mastercoin. What is fair about sending 5000 BTC directly to the developers based on a whitepaper. What is fair about paying the developers a small fee for every Mastercoin transaction? What is fair about rewarding people who discovered cryptocurrency prior to the summer of 2013 with cheap Mastercoins? IIRC, the exodus event gave investors 100-1000 MSC per BTC sent to the exodus address. The price is now almost 0.1 BTC per MSC. Oh but it trades on almost no volume. That's an unfair price, right?!?!?
Look at Ethereum. What is fair about paying the developers 30,000 BTC for early access to a premined coin without any proven use cases?
Look at NXT. What is fair about paying a premium for NXT when the developers fundraised less than 50 BTC between the half dozen of them, and then proceeded to jack up the price of NXT to where it is today.
It's obvious that proof of burn is the fairest distribution mechanism out there, and it's obvious that you feel bad for missing it. Ultimately no one can help you but I'm free to compare your words to those of Professor Bitcorn! Bitcoin is fantasy! Wall Street will live on forever, kids these days in their mom's basements!
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:11:51
Ugh. R vs D. It is a dog and pony show. Kindly, fuck off with it, will you? Californians and Texans are both statists almost universally. It's the same anywhere you go.
@_date: 2014-02-22 16:44:44
I happen to think the Ethereum team would be far better off in the long-term by not doing a round of fundraising. Because why would they fundraise if they could instead launch the best damn cryptocurrency and mine it and acquire it for cheap like everyone else? That alone should be enough for them. It apparently isn't enough for them and they want to remove the risk of working on the project entirely by raising millions of dollars up front. In my mind, the fundraising round is where Ethereum flies off the rails.
There's no reason for them to do the round of fundraising, especially when they're building in a premine anyway! Seriously, you're going to give yourself free units of your own currency and you STILL need 30,000 BTC? What is wrong with this picture?
To me, fundraising crosses the line and puts the devs squarely on the greedy side. I can see fundraising with no premine, like Mastercoin did, but that still doesn't sit perfectly well with me because the coin being developed will still have market value if it is successful, and that alone should be enough. It was enough for Satoshi, and it's enough for the Ethereum team, unless of course the Ethereum team is only out to get rich.