@_author: flenst
@_date: 2019-11-14 06:21:22
Forgot to add the little extra info to your list of links :) Maybe I should a write a bot that responds to Monero related links you post. Would save time. Maybe in the holidays :D
1. did you know this attack is named after an active [XMR contributor?](
2. fixed, and got broadcasted by "the former developer" you mention after it appeared on a security mailing list probably in a try to cause damage to services before the fix was broadly available
3. fixed.
4. edge case for minority of users that probably never happened. Who registers Monero addresses as URLs to hope someone adds a dot at the right point? Malicious remote nodes are way easier to maintain
5. relation? Where is the flaw/issue? Monero successfully forked off ASICs again and with [RandomX]( bi annual PoW changes should be a thing of the past
6. [Discussed here]( As you say "external metadata". Almost all cryptocurrencies are vulnerable to external metadata. Can you list one, that is not?
7. can be applied to coin mixing too. [Discussion.]( [One author excusing inaccuracies and inconsistencies.]( Extremely civil discussion and evaluation in this topic.
@_date: 2019-11-14 00:22:11
And you still don't get the difference between the chance of guessing the right input and actually traceable transactions.
Ever heard of plausible deniability?
You can't proof you traced a transaction without knowing the right input before.
Stopping to point out your nonsense? Nah :)
Edit: regarding fireice he traced a tx from a time where many privacy layers weren't even developed yet. So basically common knowledge for people knowing how blockchains work. Also your quotes are cut. The user is aware of moneros history, you just leave this one sentence out that would show the user wanted a trace after the 2017 research paper and fixes. Bad wording, nothing more.
There are tons of people trying to do traces for Monero, as seen by these research papers. So not only fireice is unable to do it, but many many others too. But so far we have just seen edge case theories.
@_date: 2019-11-14 19:20:22
Privacy ending bugs, bwahaha... I repeat: no trace on the live chain after ringct implementation and proper decoy selection.
None of your "bugs" actually lead to a proven trace. Feel free to point one out. You know, traces like I do on the dash chain up to today (but it got less after my first report. Down to 5% really traceable privatesends when I checked a few weeks ago).
Said enough in this post, see you in the next one.
@_date: 2019-11-14 06:12:08


Nope, I point out you don't understand what you talk about. So lets see what a reader thinks of it, when I explain it like you are five :)


Your claim of "10% traceable transactions" actually would be a perfect working RingCT implementation. And traceable is of course nonsense. The ELI5 example:
Roll a dice with 10 sides, without seeing the result. Guess which number it shows. Repeat this 100 times. 10% of the time you probably were right. Now the thing you do not understand: **you don't know when.**
This is how RingCT actually works, yet you try to call this traceability.
Everything else you post or quote is outdated. We are aproaching 2020. Soon Monero will have no proven link/trace for three years, despite all "privacy breaking bugs" or issues you bring up.
Oh, and my new favorite [quote]( of you to give the reader the right opinion of you:


@_date: 2019-11-13 19:20:41
So much problems at Monero, yet no one was able to make an actual trace after the 2017 research paper and introduction of ringct :)
Seems although Monero isn't perfect it is very reliable.
@_date: 2019-11-14 19:05:12
I didn't expect you to understand it is this time ;)