@_author: fleshrott
@_date: 2013-05-25 23:14:28
If you'd like to do further reading, I had some links embedded in my original post and here's a couple articles from 2006, slightly dated, but well written.  For the most part today's numbers are just scale ups of these.
[The Trillion-Dollar Defense Budget Is Already Here](
[America Spending More on Security Than Most Know](
Both of those include a few domestic expenses you may or may not want to preclude.
@_date: 2013-05-25 14:27:26


Those do not show all taxes, they exclude state and local taxes for instance.  Further you don't address the portion of defense spending that are hidden in other sections.
Edit: also, debt aren't really taxes are they?  Percent of spending isn't the same as percent of taxes is it?


Nah, protection is generally law enforcement and other safety related spending.


Well, it's cool.  No need to debate.  You'll look at the government's obfuscated numbers meant primarily to deceive people.  Other's will look at the anti-war people's numbers that show a much higher percentage.  I'll just assume the truth is somewhere in the middle, but that's pretty darn close to half of FIT.  SSI is supposed to be an insurance system (bah, it's not) and so shouldn't count.  The feds can't even spend that, instead the SS administration actually buys bonds from the feds.
@_date: 2013-05-25 14:20:06


I'm not sure you read, but you should direct this comment to the government, not to myself.
@_date: 2013-03-19 12:09:50
Given the way bitcoins work, is there any reason what-so-ever I should make any attempt to follow this law?
@_date: 2013-05-16 13:48:38
The people of Somalia didn't decide, you know, gee, I think I'd like to try transitioning to a system of association based on freedom and liberty.  Nope, their government failed.  Somalia is the result of governance.
@_date: 2013-05-25 22:32:28
If a prisoner eats food from the warden does he approve of being a prisoner?
@_date: 2013-05-25 13:17:40


Federal income tax collected in 2012: [$1,132 Billion](
Federal spending on defense in 2012 [$865.5 Billion](
Let me also note that if you browse through historic data, defense spending is actually up during the Obama administration compared to Bush.  And that the percentage stayed more or less the same because spending went up everywhere.
So why does the pie chart in the first link say 14%?  Three big reasons.
1. It's looking at all spending regardless of the where the funds come from.  That includes Social Security which receives more money than is used in the program.  But should social security, which has it's own revenue stream be included?  For the same reasons we don't look at state taxes, I think not.
2. It's looking at all spending, even when it's unfunded or funded by debt alone.  A great deal of spending in general comes from debt and not current taxes.  At a minimum that means that the 5% interest includes a segment that is really past military spending.
3. A lot of stuff in the other sections is really military.  Pensions for example includes military pensions.  Health care for example includes the VA hospital system.  Education for example includes the GI Bill program.
So [here is another pie chart]( from 2009 this time.  Some folks who are anti-war have taken all the above into account and you can see the numbers are radically different.
Lastly, and somewhat tangentially, I'd like to give a mention to discretionary spending.  This is the money that doesn't have to be spent by law.  When the Congress creates, let's just say the FCC, it set aside a minimum fixed budget for employment, infrastructure, etc.  That number adjusts by inflation.  That money must be spent by law on that program.  There's a lot of other money though, that just gets handed over to the administration.  This is where a peace loving president can make a real difference.  And [looking at the data again in pie chart form]( nope, more military than anything else.
Wow, wall of text.
tl;dr; Numbers are used well for lying.
@_date: 2013-05-25 21:07:43
FIT = Federal Income Tax, my bad.  That does include Corporate income I believe.  All other taxes (tariffs, estate, etc) are very small in comparison, excluding SS/Medicare payroll taxes*.
And on debt, when I said " also, debt aren't really taxes are they? Percent of spending isn't the same as percent of taxes is it?", I should have said "deficit spending" there, not debt.  Debt is indeed much, much higher.
To make my point much much more succinctly though, every one of those categories in your post (except maybe transport) includes spending that's actually to support the military.  Add all that portion of spending together and exclude social security* and you get awfully close to half the budget, even before getting into deficit versus taxes (which is really semantics, though semantic related to the initial statement).
*Social security/medicare has it's own payroll tax and that money cannot be spent on any other program (though it is used to buy US bonds when there is extra, though that is an asset and will be returned in time).  Historically they were not reported together until the Vietnam war, and then it was to intentionally obscure the war spending.
@_date: 2013-05-25 15:11:49


We can agreed on this as well.  If it were truly defense the spending would be much lower.  What we actually have is constant war and intervention of the domestic affairs of others.