@_author: flibbertarian
@_date: 2014-06-03 04:51:32
When, exactly, do you think people will be experiencing triple digit inflation? It's been between 1-3% since 2010. The deficit hawks have been crowing about runaway inflation due to monetary policy since we abandoned the gold standard, yet it never seems to happen. Weird.
@_date: 2014-03-29 20:47:40
Reading things like this makes me so sad.
It's the same when I see people caught up in other ponzi schemes. They're so deep into it that there's no way to show them they're the instruments of their own demise.
While I do hope the inevitable demise of bitcoin comes as soon as possible, I am pained knowing that people like this will suffer due to their own inability to comprehend the situation.
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:01:09
As opposed to the bitcoin world, where the truly free market reigns unregulated, and has no problems, proving all those regulationists wrong once and for all!
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:22:37


They can diverge that way, that's not problematic. We can say the intrinsic value of rock salt is $51. If there's no more snow ever, there's no more need for rock salt, and perhaps people want to get rid of it at any cost and the price drops to 0 while there is still supply. The intrinsic value of the rock salt is still going to be $51, that won't change unless it becomes easier to produce -- that is, if there is no rock salt to buy, and all of the sudden you want to buy some, it's going to cost you about $51 because no one is going to actively produce it at a loss.


Man at this point you're getting all the words wrong. The market forces  -- supply and demand -- *are* the extrinsic factors. The intrinsic value of an item stems from its usefulness. This is what the words mean in economics. My goal here isn't to debate you about your personal definitions for these words; neither I nor anyone else care about those.


It is quite relevant, in fact - and it helps us understand why it isn't a miracle that both dollars and bitcoin have value. Fiat has no intrinsic value, but it is backed by governments, so it is guaranteed to have value as long as those governments are around. Bitcoin has no intrinsic value, so it's only speculation that's keeping the price above 0. The value of bitcoin *could* drop to $0 today forever for any reason at all, but the dollar could only disappear if the US government disappears along with it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:58:03
Awful lot of bury-your-head-in-the-sand posts these days.
@_date: 2014-04-05 20:11:42
Aside from the use of a bitcoin has as a medium of exchange, you can't actually use it for anything. So it has no intrinsic value.
@_date: 2014-03-03 23:24:24


It is *completely* different. Let's say I create a currency called Bytecoin, which will be the same as Bitcoin except the total supply will be 10 bytecoins and I have unilateral power to "print" new bytecoins.
I start by handing out one coin to each of 10 people in an economy. They each own 1/10 of the total value of bytecoin in the world. Let's say they decide to start trading with millibytecoin, or mbytc - well in this case they each have 1000 mbytc. Are they 1000 times richer? No, nothing has changed, they're just using smaller units. They each still control 1/10 of the total bytc in existence. Changing the denomination you're using doesn't actually change the amount you have.
Now, if I were to print another bytecoin into existence, the total number of bytecoins goes to 11. Everyone holding 1 bytecoin now owns 1/11 of the total bytecoin - by printing one bytecoin I have devalued every other bytecoin by about 9%. This is *very* different from simply playing around with decimal places.
Incidentally, we don't actually run into many problems in the physical world where $0.01 isn't small enough to perform transactions, and financial institutions are capable of handling digital transactions with fractions of cents where necessary:
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:34:18
Holy dulce de leche, you and everyone upvoting you think it's a bad thing that the Mt.Gox operators weren't anonymous. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:52:26
The fourth amendment doesn't stop the government from requiring you to say where you got your money from. That's not a search or a seizure. If they find out you lied about where you got your money from, or that you laundered it, that's probable cause to do a search. 
All successful, developed nations do this, and it's important to a functioning society to keep everyone honest in this way.
Knock it off with the drama and hyperbole, "the government asking us where we got our money will be the undoing of America!!" Jesus, you guys wonder why nobody takes you seriously?
@_date: 2014-02-22 00:28:21
Reality isn't subjective though. One's perception of it may be subjective - but that doesn't change reality. 
The reality is no civilization has progressed to a developed stage without this "servitude" you're speaking of. All successful nations collect taxes and they have guns to back it up. All developed, successful nations have a social safety net of some form that they force their citizens to pay into.
The reality is you can point to some governments that _don't_ work and some that _do_, but you can't point to _any_ libertarian or anarcho-capitalist nation that is successful by any measure, and that's not an accident. 
The reality is these governments could _never_ work, and it's due to the Non-Aggression Principle they're built out of. The idea that you can't use the threat of violence to take something from someone. The reality is this agreed-upon threat of force is the only way to get humans to cooperate on a grand scale. If taxes were voluntary, nobody would pay them. If justice were not monopolized by the government, everyone would just subscribe to their own brand of justice where everything they themselves do is legal by definition.
It's actually insufficient to say that a libertarian or anarcho-capitalist / voluntaryist government could never work: none of these would even get off the ground. They could never get past the planning stage. This is why we don't even see libertarian or anarcho-capitalist experiments on any scale of significance. If you find any, I would love to take a look.
I haven't read Caroll Quigley, but his wiki page does look interesting.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:39:04
No one knows who they are. People give them their money but _no one knows who they are_.
You can be certain that anyone who can walk away with your money with no fear of reprisal, eventually, will.
@_date: 2014-02-26 09:36:38
Yup, a whole lotta nothin
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:48:19
It works great til they disappear with all your cash without a trace, and you'll be the first to cry about it after denying the possibility so vehemently.
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:48:29
I think you meant "equate": 
1. use ambiguous language so as to conceal the truth or avoid committing oneself.
"“Not that we are aware of,” she equivocated"
@_date: 2014-06-09 01:58:31


I'd have a hard time coming up with a more kool-aid quip than this on the spot.
Do you know what depressions are? They happen when GDP shrinks either by a large amount or continuously over a protracted period. This can happen in any economy for any number of reasons. You don't "need" a central bank for them to happen. It may be the case that for decentralized markets like the ones created by bitcoin nobody of note actually cares at all if they do occur, but they still happen.
If, in your imaginary world, bitcoin did in fact replace all forms of money, the world would be screwed in pretty much any situation. If the economy grows without commensurate growth in the money supply you can get deflation (  ), and in the event of a market downturn people will hold onto liquid capital rather than invest it, throwing the economy into a deflationary spiral and causing recessions to become full-blown long-lasting depressions (as we saw with the Great Depression).
Fixed-supply monetary bases worked enough for the first few stages of growth of economies across the world, but once we started on the path to globalization governments quickly realized the massive shortcomings of fixed-supply currencies. Now nobody uses them. Bitcoin won't replace real currencies not because it's too "cutting edge", but because as a monetary instrument it's a fossil from a bygone era.
@_date: 2014-05-15 06:15:21
Yes, I should have specified - US roads.
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:08:20
You don't understand what you're talking about. Terms like "intrinsic value" are definitions we use to describe observed aspects of the world. Saying there's no such thing as intrinsic value is like saying there's no such thing as supply or demand.
I never said it had value because it has value; you pulled that out of your ass. Things with a use for a purpose have intrinsic value because of that use, and the price associated is usually determined by the difficulty of producing that item.
So if you want to find real-world examples of things that are priced close to their intrinsic value, you can look at items that are traditionally non-speculative commodities.
For example, the five year average of one ton of rock salt that is used for salting roads is $51, which is around the cost in labor, taxes, transportation, licensing, fees, etc, that it costs to produce that item. $51/ton is approximately the intrinsic value of rock salt in New York.
@_date: 2014-05-18 08:25:40
That is not at all what determines when the money supply needs to expand or contract. The size of the smallest denominator (1 cent) is _not_ why we inflate the dollar. We inflate the dollar to stay just slightly ahead of the growth of the economy for the purposes of encouraging spending, avoiding the "sticky wage" trap, allowing headroom to reduce interest rates if need be, and reduce the burden of debtors. The "problem" of divisibility isn't actually a problem; infinite divisibility is a feature that tries to solve a problem that doesn't actually exist.
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:25:52


I said *intrinsic* value is often computed from cost to produce, and that market value is a combination of intrinsic value and extrinsic factors. I've been saying this all along. You're either deliberately misunderstanding what I wrote or incapable of understanding it.


Speculation and supply/demand are not disjoint things. People generally buy gold because they think its value will hold or go up. That's what speculation is, and that's where most of its market value comes from. If a lot of people are speculating on gold going up, the demand will increase, and that will push the price up. I'm not even sure what it is that you don't understand about this.


Now you're just saying random words, man. The price of bitcoin comes almost purely from speculation; that's why it's so volatile (even moreso than gold).
@_date: 2014-04-01 23:24:28
Bitcoins are treated like gold. If someone was in the business of facilitating drug-for-gold trades they'd get hit the same. His argument is worthless.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:51:01
It *is* because of legal tender laws. Compelling people to accept debt payments in a currency is a de facto compulsion to also use that currency as payment, and the reasoning is intuitive: 
The majority of money in circulation is created as debt - nearly everyone owes a debt to someone else, and the only thing that is guaranteed to be accepted for these debts is U.S. dollars. So that's what they'll demand as payment. And since everyone's debt is payable in dollars, they can be reasonably sure that any potential customers will also have dollars to pay them with.
This is why people *don't* typically demand things like gold or m&amp;m's as payment for goods and services - they cannot pay their debts in these forms.
This aspect of JP Morgan's assessment is spot on. It is very unlikely that Bitcoin will achieve the level of usefulness of a fiat currency unless a government somewhere declares it legal tender -- by fiat.
@_date: 2014-11-30 20:08:30
I like how it's trustless, i.e. I don't trust at all that I'll get anything after sending bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-04-09 03:57:45
Now you're getting it! If something with no intrinsic value has extrinsic value less than the cost it takes to produce, it is not worth making.
Since bitcoin has no intrinsic value, miners need the extrinsic (i.e. speculative) value to be higher than the cost of electricity and mining assets to be able to keep mining.
However, because bitcoin has no intrinsic value, the floor for its value is 0.
Bitcoin is literally backed by nothing more than hopes and dreams.
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:01:33
Fiat has value because it's backed by men with guns. Dollars have value because the government says they do. That is, in fact, how it works.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:24:00
Fiat currency has no intrinsic value, but it is backed by government decree.
Gold has intrinsic value, but is not backed by government decree.
Bitcoin has neither intrinsic value, nor is it backed by government decree.
This necessarily means bitcoin is useless as a currency for economies of scale. (Lacking a government decree is actually sufficient to make it useless  - gold is also terrible for economies of scale, see the Great Depression, the lack of intrinsic value just makes bitcoin worse than gold).
@_date: 2014-04-08 23:28:10
I'm not talking about LTV, (though again, you seem to think bloviating sans data constitutes proof, looking at that article you posted, so your claim is pretty absurd on its face).
The point here is fiat is intrinsically valueless (not worth anything without government decree); gold has marginally more intrinsic value (if everyone dumped all their gold, its price would still be non-zero because of its industrial utility); bitcoin has neither fiat value nor intrinsic value (if everyone dumps bitcoin its reasonably possible that its price goes to zero forever).
The conclusion you can draw from that bitcoing is strictly *worse than gold* as a currency (which is already pretty terrible).
That's all there is to this.
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:14:00
So you've never heard of cash? I _never_ pay in cash when I have the choice, because cash doesn't afford me the protection that credit cards do. 
A fraud-protection-free system payment option like bitcoin will simply never be the preferred choice for the informed consumer.
Businesses on the other hand... there is a _lot_ to gain by using something like bitpay. No chargebacks! Your customers can't get their money back. Doesn't that sound fantastic?
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:18:28
Bitcoin is not a more efficient way to send money around the world. Money transmission was already a solved problem; we have things like Venmo, Paypal, Google Wallet, and others recently entering the market. (But since bitcoin has no chargebacks it's wide open to fraud. Basically every part of the bitcoin design is terrible.)
The response to this is usually "but they charge transaction fees!", and they do, but bitcoin _also_ has transaction fees, and you can be sure that when the last bitcoin has been mined they will go up, since they will no longer be awarded bitcoin for processing blocks. There's no free ride.
Merchants, for the most part, don't actually keep the bitcoin they accept. They immediately trade it for fiat - they just start "accepting" bitcoin to attract more customers, not because bitcoin actually holds any value to them. Why would they? The price of their holdings could halve overnight.


No, it won't stabilize. Gold has been traded since ancient times and the price still hasn't stabilized. Speculative commodities are volatile, that's the nature of the beast.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:17:10
Sounds like this guy needs to get a new lawyer. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:50:47


This is exactly the reason we _don't_ use cash for the majority of transactions - because it's not protected by chargebacks. 


I'm talking about bitcoin's prospect to be used as a national currency, which is what bitcoin would need in order to move past being a speculative commodity.


I agree! But many here argue otherwise.


Gold is no longer used as a national currency, because gold is stuck in the past, like bitcoin is stuck in the past. As instruments of currency, bitcoin and gold are horses and fiat is an automobile. Just because cars have been invented doesn't mean we get rid of all the horses. It just means we no longer use them to get around.
@_date: 2014-04-09 21:38:50
The "intrinsic theory of value" says exactly those things though:


-- 
Under no definition of intrinsic value is the intrinsic value of an item explicitly equated to the market value of that item. I'm not sure where you're getting that idea from.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:23:25
Fiat's in no such trouble, and our debt simply isn't the biggest problem on our plates right now. The deficit has been falling in recent years if you haven't noticed (this is, in fact, a problem; now is when we need to be cranking up spending).
We moved off the gold standard because of how incompatible it was with a growing and global economy. Moving to bitcoin would be worse than moving back to gold, which is just as wide a consensus as is the scientific community on anthopogenic global warming.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:49:02
They are both deflationary and are unstable stores of value.
@_date: 2014-04-09 21:21:06
No, what I'm saying is one person who is incompetent in a certain area isn't able to accurately differentiate incompetence and genuine skill in others, and will tend to mistake incompetence for skill. 
In this case here, I was implying that your limited expertise is the reason you're mistaking riccardb's nonsense for accuracy.
The memetic phrase "Paul Ryan is the stupid man's smart man" is another example of what I'm talking about.
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:33:13
Ironic how much truth there is in this parody of yours. Browsing this subreddit is like taking a stroll through bizarro world.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:33:51
This is definitely not the last time.
BTC-e is next.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:04:37


Lol what? Waiting 20 minutes to see if it goes through is faster? Credit card payments are _far_ faster than paying in bitcoin. Bitcoin can only process 7 transactions per second! It's laughable. Mastercard, Visa, Paypal, Google... none of them are worried in the least about bitcoin.


Are ya just sayin random words that come to mind now? Do you know what APIs are? It's okay to have different ones. If I were to describe bitcoin in a few words, "data breaches" and "fraud" would be up at the top.


Right, so you can never get your money back. Accidentally punch in an extra zero? Whooops. Accidentally put in the wrong address? That money's gone. Credit cards provide me that protection. Bitcoin never will.


Lol, I may be up, but it seems you're already dreamin. Gold was a currency for economies way bigger than bitcoin will ever be, and it _never_ stabilized. Gold will never stabilize and neither will bitcoin. They are speculative commodities. People rapidly bet on the commodity rising and falling in value, which causes the commodity to rapidly rise and fall in value.
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:12:36
Are you stupid?
"Gold isn't unstable because this _other_ thing is unstable!"
The euro isn't relevant to the discussion of gold's stability.
That being said, your comparison is off-the-charts idiotic. The Euro is downright stable compared to gold: 
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:45:10
Like lead is guaranteed to destroy your brain so you shouldn't eat it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:00:35
It's going to thieves, governments or both.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:07:14
Current economic thinking isn't beyond reproach - but successful reproach requires demonstration. The current evidence is that deflationary currency causes huge problems in economies of scale, and fiat fixes that problem. The dollar has been massively more stable after moving off the gold standard because we can devalue it at will.
The comparison of economists to 18th-century weathermen is nonsense. Economists today have a very strong understanding of the effects of inflation and deflation and debt - specifically, Paul Krugman has been shown to be right time and again on his predictions of the performance of Keynesian and Austrian policies, and Austrian economists are very quickly losing credibility (their entire body of evidence for their ideology was recently shown to have egregious spreadsheet errors).
The growth rate of bitcoin is a very good example of why bitcoin would be a terrible currency - like gold, it is susceptible to deflation and speculation, resulting in price instability that would be massively catastrophic if the dollar were to follow the same path.
But since you asked, the growth rate of bitcoin is following that of a ponzi scheme. As long as there are new investors that join bitcoin, which there are, we can expect the price to increase, on average, until these new investors run out. 
There will be smaller cycles of boom and bust, as the early adopters cash out on big price increases and buy back in once the price bottoms out, and the non-elite, in aggregate, will buy high and sell low until they've lost all their money or lose interest in bitcoin. These small cycles will continue until the end.
Once no new investors are left to join the scheme, and all the new money has run out, the elite will bail out for the final time. Those who are slightly slower will realize that they're holding a worthless commodity and panic-sell, precipitating a crash to zero. From this, bitcoin will not recover, and will be relegated to novelty. 
There are many more new investors yet to come, and the elite realize this. They stand to gain an awful lot of cash for it, and are relying on bitcoiners who think they are smarter than everyone else to keep drawing people in.
The ride isn't over yet.
@_date: 2014-04-06 03:20:55
You don't understand what you're talking about - the technology behind bitcoin can possibly be shoehorned into other uses, but units of the currency bitcoin itself - i.e. the ones and zeroes that you hold in a wallet - do not have such value.
That is to say, if you have 1000 bitcoin in ones and zeroes or 1 bitcoin or 1 satoshi in your wallet it's just information, which has zero intrinsic value. Compare this to one silver coin or a thousand silver coins - you can perform more of an industrial task, or create silverware, or whatever you want, the more silver you own.
The logical conclusion is, if bitcoin were superceded by some other technology, or the value went to zero, nobody would have any reason to use bitcoin. No intrinsic value.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:38:33
And yet with it I can still spend my money! Magic! I wonder why nobody carries around all their savings in cash hm?
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:16:24
There's literally no controversy among academics that deflation is bad  - everyone understands that deflation causes hoarding and impedes lending, because those are direct, measurable, and obvious effects of money gaining value over time.
Even Austrian economists understand that deflation is a Bad Thing:






You can, in fact, look at a person's view on deflation as a kind of litmus test. If they think deflation is ever a good thing, they have no understanding of economics - just like you would dismiss the scientific understanding of someone who thinks the earth is flat.
@_date: 2014-06-09 01:13:14
Getting rich on speculation doesn't really imply you have any sort of understanding of economic dynamics. You appeal to austrian economics here, which is similar to citing voodoo.
When your economic ideology has the same solution for every problem (when the economy is doing well, cut spending and lower taxes; when in a depression, cut spending and lower taxes), it's probably just a shit ideology.
So what if you got rewarded for making a greedy move? It could just as easily have blown up in your face.
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:51:01
Read the goddamn page, the description you quoted is the summary, the quote I provided expands upon that further down the page, and is the first discussion of market value on the page period.
@_date: 2014-03-05 09:55:55
Nixon ended the gold standard in the early 1970s - so not quite 50 years ago, but close. The purely fiat currency with an expandable/contractable monetary base is a relatively new economic innovation, whereas bitcoin is the same class of obsolete economic instruments as gold.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:05:24
Probably not. It sounds like a made-up reason to leave; there's no reason to believe it unless we hear some corroboration from the authorities, which is not going to happen.
Cyprus bitcoiners have been thoroughly goxxed. This is just further proof that regulation is not the answer, because people have no reason to scam otherwise they get a scammer tag. That's why there's no scams in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:09:00
I never said it wasn't, don't be stupid. The fact that bitcoin has no intrinsic value makes it *worse than gold* as a currency, which is already a terrible currency to begin with. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:42:10
And yet, you don't hear about swaths of people cashing out rich. Weird.
@_date: 2014-05-13 02:58:08


Unequivocally false. You have options like venmo and Google wallet, me and my friends / roommates... actually everyone at my office uses these services to pay each other for things like meals and splitting bills. Hell, I pay my roommate my portion of the rent via google wallet every month. Type in the amount, the name of the person, the transaction confirms _instantly_.
This is all _for free_. And it's in dollars, which I can use to buy anything and don't have to worry about it losing 10% of its value overnight.
And the best thing? It's all protected! If I lose my phone or my hard drives crash or my accounts get hacked I get all my money back!
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:13:08
Fourth amendment? Asking you to explain where you got your income from isn't even search and seizure. If you lie about it, then investigating you for it is reasonable search and seizure. All seems great to me!
And what do you even mean, "social contract"? You're just saying words that pop into your head without thinking about them.
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:03:52
..and most people would rather pay it than not be able to get their money back if something goes wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:27:39


Wow it's almost like you've understood my point, you just have no idea why I said it.
Yes, if they tried to introduce their money to the system WITHOUT laundering it, they would get caught. This is why they launder it; to cover up and successfully profit from their criminal activity. This is why it is a problem. We don't want criminals covering up and profiting from their crimes. We need to punish that.


You have no reasonable expectation of privacy from the government when it comes to your income, and you shouldn't. You can have all sorts of reasons to want privacy for your private life, but the only reason to hide income from the government is to get away with crime.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:34:46
This is some top quality self-delusion here. 
"What are you talking about? I can still buy bitcoins, there's no problems! Everything is great for bitcoin and bitcoin is only doing great!"
@_date: 2014-04-06 07:04:48
It does make sense to say an item has value in and of itself, because things in this universe can be used to do stuff apart from acting as media of exchange. That is their intrinsic value. It's clear no reasonable explanation is going to be sufficient for you, so hopefully other readers can discern this rubbish you're selling for what it is.
@_date: 2014-03-29 20:35:58
Gold isn't sound money, that's why we abandoned it. Bitcoin has many of the same problems. Technologically it may be advanced, but as a monetary instrument it's nearly a century out of date.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:05:19
Money laundering covers up the crime. If I rob a bank and launder the money through some business I own, I can say look, all this money I gained is legitimate! I committed no crime here.
Through going after money laundering we disincentivize criminal activity, which is something we definitely want to do. 
If money laundering really weren't a problem, people would just say look I have this money from robbing these banks, let me pay my taxes on it and buy some houses. Money laundering is a tool only criminals use to cover up criminal activity. There's no reason not to punish it.
This is why we prosecute money laundering, and EVERY western nation does so as well
Going after money laundering only hurts criminals. Trying to defend money laundering is pretty transparent, which is why people will take you as seriously as trying to defend theft, rape, etc, when you argue this.
@_date: 2014-03-30 00:44:59
"B b but they'd get a scammer tag! They're not _incentivized_ to do that!"
Gimme a goddamn break. If this were true you'd _never_ see scamming. Yet it's rampant. Especially with bitcoin. Weird.
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:27:07
The response to the last "myth" is misinformation repeated way too often.
Infinite divisibility has _nothing_ to do with changing the total money supply, which is what the "21 million isn't enough" argument is about. Splitting up bitcoins isn't the same as adding bitcoins to the total supply.
It doesn't matter if you start with 21 bitcoins, 21 million, or 21^100 bitcoin - if you cannot _increase_ the total money supply, and new actors continuously enter the market, you get deflation. Infinite divisibility is _irrelevant_ to the topic of inflation/deflation, because no amount of dividing bitcoins will change the value of 1 bitcoin relative to the total supply; that is to say, 1 bitcoin will always be worth 1/21,000,000th of the bitcoin supply once the coins are mined out.
@_date: 2014-02-11 21:21:54


currency by declaring it legal tender, meaning it must be 
accepted as payment for all debts and it will be used in any 
transactions between the government and other agents.
This is correct; JP Morgan understands what legal tender is; all US debts are payable in US dollars (hence "compelled").
This subreddit is a bizarre place. I love it.
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:58:21
The US has authority from the Constitution to take money from you by force and it is not a crime. That's the law of the land. If you don't like it, you can vote to get it changed, or you can go somewhere else, but it isn't a crime.
You don't have to reveal your every purchase to the government, I'm not sure why you're bringing that up.
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:32:48
Man, what a braindead response.
Nobody is going to rob you for saying on reddit that you made a load of fiat with bitcoin. You constantly see people talking about how much bitcoin they have, but very rarely do you see people saying "woo I just got a wire for $20,000 I made on bitcoin!" 
People don't say it not because they're afraid of getting robbed, but because it's so goddamn rare.
Money goes in, nothing comes out. Magic!
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:48:08
Ah of course! Money from murder and theft and terrorism and child porn should be protected under the law! Why doesn't the government know of this revelation??
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:50:42
This place is a circus of delusions. I love you guys.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:32:39
They all operate assuming this policy. The people running the exchanges can do whatever they want. Insider trading / arbitrage / outright theft, _anything_. And they won't be held accountable. They'll just laugh and laugh.
@_date: 2014-03-03 23:07:34
Ah, I see. In that case, I would be glad to relieve you of the valueless dollars that burden you. At no bitcoin charge even.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:03:48
The non-aggression principal means you can't force your implementation of justice on me, because that is violent! No government should have a monopoly on justice, so I don't follow your laws, I follow ones I subscribe to. And mine state there is nothing wrong with fraud, and if I defraud you, there is nothing you can do to me. You can just take your money elsewhere if you don't trust me.
This way, everyone is incentivized to self-police and no one will ever commit fraud. Oh wait, fraud is the lifeblood of the bitcoin libertarian utopia. Weird.
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:06:38
Bitcoin isn't instant. It takes a long time compared to 99.9% of the transactions I make. 
And why would I want to send a non-reversible transaction? I like being able to get my money back if something goes wrong.
@_date: 2014-05-15 06:18:42
The problem with a fixed money supply is that it cannot expand and contract with the economy, which is necessary for maintaining a currency as a stable store of value.
For this reason gold has _never_ been a stable store of value, nor will bitcoin ever be. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:02:15
Ah, so you've proven that dollars have no value?
@_date: 2014-06-10 05:59:13
The title seems to be overstating things a bit.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:43:56
You're deluding yourself if you think the fractional reserve system is going anywhere. There's simply not a shred of evidence to support that idea, and saying crazy stuff like that is part of why people don't take bitcoiners seriously.


The vast majority of the very best thinkers on the subject hold a particular view. Unless I see some evidence that contradicts their opinion on this I'm simply going to defer to them. Sure, it's possible that everything is wrong, but throwing away the best current thinking just because you don't like it is foolish, especially if you have no evidence to point to the contrary. Just sitting there shouting "You're wrong!" in the face of all this effort and research is counterproductive.
And yes, deflationary pressure and price instability from gold was a very measurable force in our economy that caused a great deal of damage up until we phased it out. In this day and age, saying gold or bitcoin would be better currencies than fiat would be like saying the world is flat. This is how everyone sees you.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:20:09
No one thinks its not a problem elsewhere, but its orders of magnitude worse in an unregulated environment like this one. Way better to have safeguards that work some of the time than none at all.
@_date: 2014-02-23 00:08:43
You're not entitled to your own facts about how the law works. You can be upset about how it does work, and appeal to change it, but the reality is that everything you're saying is wrong. (Skip to link at the end for tl;dr)
 
You can pontificate your vague thoughts all you want about the third, fourth, fifth amendments - but the fact is NONE of these protect you from the administrative authority given to the IRS to compel you to keep records and their authority to inspect them. And appealing to abstract and vague ideas like this "common thread" you're talking about? It's not concrete, it's not even specific and it doesn't even mean anything. And it's definitely not any kind of evidence.


Moving money gained in illicit activities is a crime and obviously should be illegal. If you rob a bank it shouldn't be legal for you to funnel that money around. The idea that it shouldn't be is one of the (many) terrible ones that seems to be floating around this subreddit.


Don't be so dramatic, we're talking about reporting your income for tax purposes here, not bombing children in the middle east. There's no circular reasoning (please point it out if you feel otherwise), and the only authority I'm appealing to here, if any, is the constitution, and how it doesn't protect you from this search. 
And as for the last "appeal", you're blind to the nuance, so let me point it out to you: you conflate an appeal to popularity with an appeal to success - the important detail is not that "everyone else does this" it's that "all the successful countries do this." - and the strength here is the point that anyone who does _not_ do this is _not_ successful. That's where you can provide your evidence - a single counterexample will do - but you don't, because there simply is none to provide.


This is hyperbole again. Nobody is saying this. Saying you have to keep records and the IRS gets to inspect them does not have anything to do with the presumption of innocence; saying it does is what you call "making shit up." Feel free to point to any legal precedence that agrees with you.
And finally, to try to put this garbage you're making up about how you think the law works to an end, please read this analysis by the Cato Institute, where they show:


not even by that afforded by the constitutional guarantee against
unreasonable searches and seizures, and that, in the area of federal
tax law, individual rights, in practice, do not take precedence over
administrative authority.
@_date: 2014-05-16 06:17:30
The word would be "correct"
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:05:46
What the hell are you talking about? They're taking off with the money, they're not gonna come to r/bitcoin for suggestions on how to not run away with the money.
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:29:52
Your first big mistake with bitcoin was buying some.
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:00:08
Gold *does* have intrinsic value. You need it to make electronics, various medical uses, jewelry, protect astronauts from cosmic radiation. These uses are not commensurate with its current value, to be sure, but these uses won't disappear if the dollar value of gold were to drop to 0. Bitcoin has no such use.
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:12:34
No, you just jumped to conclusions without thinking about what you read, or maybe you didn't read the whole page.




It's this same effect that would predict that the economically illiterate would ascribe economic literacy to other economic illiterates.
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:23:45
Angry and stupid is a goddamn hilarious combination.
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:49:43
Don't be stupid; intrinsic value and market value aren't always the same things. The difficulty in producing a useful item is often approximately how much an item is intrinsically worth; the market value of an item is its intrinsic value (i.e. cost in making the item) plus extrinsic factors, i.e. market forces/supply and demand.
I brought up non-speculative commodities as a good approximation of intrinsic value because they are generally not subject to wild speculation like bitcoin and gold are.
Furthermore, intrinsic value is simply a defined term. You can't "disprove" it as you could a hypothesis (i.e. "The market price of an item will never fall below its intrinsic value" is a statement you could disprove). 
Just read about it and stop spreading weird garbage.
I'm constantly seeing people either argue that 1) there is no such thing as intrinsic value (lol) or 2) bitcoin has intrinsic value; anyone arguing either of these two things lack the most basic rudiments of economic understanding.
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:36:32
I do always have a choice, and I do always swipe my card. I pretty much never use cash for anything. 
The cost of agonizing over paying an extra 2% for my 2% is way higher than the pennies I might save. I _always_ use the card, and I'm _always_ covered.
That "extra" cost you can consider a form of insurance. It has literally never caused me problems, and most people have the same experience.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:05:12
That's like saying the most that can be said about the subject of the earth being flat - that there's different views on it.
We know these facts about deflation empirically. These effects of deflation are not open questions in economics.
@_date: 2014-03-05 08:41:13
You probably don't read much outside your echo chamber. 
The reasons why a move to a currency like bitcoin would be catastrophic, aside from lack of technological features like chargebacks and more than 7 transactions per second, are largely identical to why it would be a terrible idea to return to the gold standard.
Krugman, who understands the topic rather well, explains why deflationary currencies are so problematic:
Basically, we shouldn't move to bitcoin not because it's too advanced, but because it's stuck in the past. As an economic instrument, bitcoin is half a century out of date.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:56:44
Bitcoin will technically "function" pretty much no matter what. The fact that it "functions" isn't relevant if people en mass decide it's a bad idea and just bail. Which is what will happen this week. It's going to be _bloody_.
The web isn't a commodity, that's a ridiculous comparison.
@_date: 2014-05-15 05:40:48
Everyone seems to be most scared of double-spending, but that's really not the worst of it. At least in the case of double-spending, people can instantly find out about it and bail from bitcoin altogether.
With such a large number of blocks coming from indeterminate origin I'd say selfish mining is already taking place; that is, a certain subset of miners is probably taking in more block rewards than is proportionate to their mining power, which has a similar end-result as double-spending except that it remains hidden.
There is no incentive to _not_ mine selfishly; since we already have pools above the 33% level, it would actually be more surprising if no selfish mining attack has taken place yet than if it has.
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:48:23
Last I checked internet dollar transactions were about 1 billion times faster than bitcoin. One click on amazon, and I'm done. One swipe in a grocery store and I can just walk out. Who wants to wait around for 10 minutes for day-to-day transactions?
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:42:02
Probably because it's a ponzi scheme.
Bitcoin neither has intrinsic value (like gold does), nor is it backed by any central authority. 
What this means is it's backed purely by hopes and dreams. Once the early investors cash out, anyone with bitcoin left ends up holding the bag.
With bitcoin this is not an immediate process, rather an ongoing one. As long as people continue to believe in it, they'll keep injecting their money, making the scammers and few others rich.
With the rampant scamming and arbitrage by bad actors like Mt.Gox, what people don't realize is the majority of people lose money on bitcoin despite an overall price growth - their cash goes in but they end up getting nothing out. The reasoning for this is intuitive - total value (in dollars) is zero-sum. If the thieves are gaining (and they are, by a huge margin) the rest inevitably lose.
Bitcoin is a black hole for money.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:44:57
A reasonable assessment of regulation in r/bitcoin? Bring on the downvotes!
@_date: 2014-04-02 04:49:05
Just the jumble of vague thoughts I was expecting!
No, if you did what he did anywhere in America anytime over the past however many months you would still get arrested and charged if caught. What he has done is not legal under any jurisdiction. If he had opened up a licensed marijuana dispensary in Colorodo and got sacked by the Feds, that would open up a states rights discussion.
The US government doesn't care if a crime committed here is legal in the perpetrator's own country. To do so would be an incredibly stupid and unsustainable way to run a country.




Meaningless metaphors, my favorite. What terrible consequences, exactly, do you think convicting the drug baron of Silk Road is going to lead to? 
@_date: 2014-05-15 05:48:07
People who like driving on roads.
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:01:29
Man, this analogy is as apt as comparing households to entire economies.
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:17:23
In this market where "acceptable ethics" are determined by market participants they have no power to sue, just to take their money elsewhere. Who's going to enforce the lawsuit? Mt.Gox can just say yeah I don't like those rules and leave with all the cash. Without a government with a monopoly on justice you can't actually get justice enforced.
@_date: 2014-04-03 06:01:33
So if we're already "headed that way" the solution is to throw us there faster?
Bitcoin already has far greater resource inequality than fiat dollars.
The bitcoin-rich are simply those who got there first and got in big. That's a terrible way to distribute resources. 
Inflation is highly relevant to the problem - it devalues large stores of wealth that are just sitting in the hands of the rich. Most americans have debt, and inflation devalues this debt, so it works very much in their favor. Without inflation, lending would disappear overnight. No one would have a reason to do anything with their money but sit on it, and it would become impossible for most in the middle class to ever buy a home.
This is a problem we came to terms with in the [1930s](


The Great Depression was a deflationary spiral - one we would dive right back into if the US switched to something like bitcoin or gold. We already know from experience that these monetary instruments are terrible, so it's completely unthinkable that we would go back to something we know to be economically suicidal.
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:32:46
No one is saying thats why it happened with gox. This anonymity provides btc-e with a foolproof way of just leaving with all the cash, and you can be _certain_ they will do it at some point.
@_date: 2014-03-04 04:40:04
No one said bitcoin aren't worth anything.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:28:24
Except for, you know, the people who don't hold bitcoin at all anymore cause it just got stolen.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:53:45
A government would have to require its acceptance for payment of debt.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:26:00
Being anonymous is a huge reason to be wary. Why would they just cut and run?? Why would anyone cut and run? Because they can just make a shitload of cash right at the moment instead of waiting around. People scam others all the time when they "could have stuck around" to make a killing. If what you're implying were even a little bit true we wouldn't see such rampant scamming with bitcoin. 
Putting a face to a name won't stop this behavior, but if they won't even do that you can be sure they don't have long term honorable intentions.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:29:23
If you want to get away from governments you could go live in the woods. Or an island somewhere. No one will come to tax you there.
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:56:40
This is the r/bitcoin logic I know and love! Lookit those upvotes!
@_date: 2014-07-21 05:23:39
Has it replaced the dollar too?
@_date: 2014-03-04 04:37:16


These are garbage words, man. 


They won't want to, and this effect of deflation on hoarding is one of the most well-documented effects in economics. 
If you are guaranteed to make money by sitting on it, you have no incentive to turn your money into something non-liquid. I hope you understand we're not talking about the $100 you have in your pocket that you might spend on taxi fare, I'm talking about the thousands of dollars in the bank that you either sit on or invest. No one's gonna have an aneurysm and dump all their investment capital into goods and services just because the value of their money has gone up.


There is, you just have to think about it. Interest rates cannot go lower than 0. In fact, they can't reach 0 in retail because the banks would rather sit on money than make 0 interest. The interest rate has been so low that the fed is at the limits of how far down it can be pushed. Using inflation gives the fed a little leeway. If we had deflation instead of inflation right now, lending would effectively cease, and we would find ourselves in a deflationary spiral much like the great depression.
I'm trying to explain this for the edification of people reading this rather than to convince you; arguing against someone who thinks this effect isn't real, and is unwilling to understand vast consensus, is like trying to argue with someone who believes the earth is flat. I don't know what else to tell you.
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:13:16
The Dunning-Kruger effect in action, ladies and gentlemen.
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:29:44
Most things.
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:02:32
Oh goodie! You think everyone who thinks government is necessary for a functioning society must be a victim of stockholm syndrome!
This is exactly why this subreddit is so fun. It's full of people completely dissociated from reality that nevertheless can compartmentalize their delusions enough to get by in their day-to-day lives. I'm literally never disappointed.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:05:03
The majority of bitcoin use comes from investment and illicit activity. Most transactions that happen are not people buying milk and eggs. They're either putting money into it to get rich (which is why so much discussion here revolves around the current price of bitcoin) or to buy drugs and/or child porn.
But the majority use case of bitcoin is as a get-rich-quick scheme. That's what the culture of bitcoin focuses on. Bitcoiners don't care about using a decentralized currency to make purchases for legitimate purposes nearly as much as they care about getting rich quick, and that's how people are drawn in.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:04:11
Yeah, NO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT! The articles of confederation were SO GOOD!
@_date: 2014-06-03 04:55:03
Why were you angered? Just a few comments down are a bunch of dudes celebrating this "feature." Seems spot on.
@_date: 2014-03-04 00:54:19
That isn't the reason we need inflation. If we had infinite subdivisibility in the physical world we would still need inflation. It is also the case that while bitcoin has infinite divisibility, it will still suffer from deflationary problems.
Deflation is _very bad_ for three big reasons, none of which are alleviated by divisibility:
1. Deflation incentivizes hoarding. If a currency is deflationary it gains value over time, so instead of investing it, it's best for me to just stick the money under my mattress instead of investing it elsewhere. I don't care if everyone else is trading infinitely small pieces of the currency, it doesn't change the value of what I have.
2. Deflation disincentivizes taking loans (and increases the burden of debtors). People are less likely to take out loans if the money they have to pay back later is worth more. Again, subdivisibility has no application here - someone in a room who sits there subdividing his bitcoins infinitely will have _zero_ effect on the value of my loans.
3. With deflation, wages have to fall to keep up with prices. It's difficult to cut everyone's wages unless there's also a lot of unemployment: 
Krugman does a better job of outlining these here: 
All these things involve problems with relative supply. This is not a problem caused by not having units smaller than cents. You can even see this with bitcoin. Over the long haul (until there are no new investors, at which point bitcoin will likely collapse), the value of each bitcoin increases. It has not been held constant despite the infinite divisibility it has (and bitcoin will pretty much always be volatile).
I've laid it out as clearly as I can; this is the best I can do to help you understand this issue.
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:31:05
Then why don't you live somewhere where there's no taxes? No one will come looking for you.
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:40:40


Don't you read this sub? Goldbugs/bitbugs are rampant. Check out btcfun, who also replied to me here. A *lot* of people here want us to switch to one of the two


If someone disagrees with you, they're a troll? Check out this article by Krugman, it's one of my favorites, it so succinctly explains why deflation, and deflationary currencies by extension, is terrible:
@_date: 2014-04-08 23:07:55
Pontificating for a few paragraphs about what he thinks "value" is isn't proof or debunking. He provides nothing of value in this article:
He makes no hypothesis, no experiment to prove or disprove any hypothesis, no data or way to get data to analyze. These are the things you need to formally disprove a claim.
All that is is a bunch of hot air. There's absolutely nothing here. It seems some emotional attachment is preventing you from processing the facts right in front of your eyes.
Hopefully other people reading this thread will walk away with a reasonable understanding of intrinsic value.
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:10:37
I laid it out earlier:


Gold has some base value for its use in jewelry, electronics, industrial uses etc, plus an enormous increase on top of that due to speculators and hoarders. If people felt the same way about rock salt we'd see similar fluctuations in prices, but they don't, so we don't.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:57:10
Ah, yes. Gox is out of goxen.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:54:25
The Dunning-Kruger effect prevents the community from seeing this for the nonsense it is. Nothing you said has a basis in reality.
Hoarding and spending money are mutually exclusive. You cannot have a dollar if you spend it, and you cannot spend a dollar if you want to save it.


There is a _tremendous_ difference. The money you loan to the government gets spent and added to the GDP (n.b. the increase to the GDP does not come from the purchase of the treasuries themselves, but from spending the money the government has acquired). Money you stuff under your mattress is _cannot_ be added to the gdp.
The US dollar _isn't_ good money to hoard because of inflation (this is actually a big reason we have inflation - to disincentivize hoarding), and this is why people buy treasuries instead of just sitting on the cash. 
People buy treasuries because they're a _safe_ way to gain some rate of return. In fact they're so safe that people are willing to buy them even when the interest rate is lower than the rate of inflation - meaning they'll loan the money to the government _at a loss_ just to keep them in a safe form like treasuries.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:33:19


This goes against everything this community is built on.
The idea that it's commendable for me to only care about myself is the very root of libertarianism. Other people's problems should not affect me. If everyone else loses all their hard-earned money but I get my payout in the end, then the system is working as designed.
THIS is the world bitcoin has built! Anyone who worries about another is no true libertarian - let us scream to them our battle cry - "Caveat emptor!" - til they know nothing else!
Mt.Gox may die, but its spirit will live on in the heart of every bitcoiner - that if I run away with your money it's your fault!
@_date: 2014-04-06 03:22:46
No it's not. The intrinsic value of bread is that I can eat it to survive. The intrinsic value of a light bulb is that I can illuminate a room at night. These are real uses; intrinsic value is a real thing.
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:57:20
That's my point exactly. One is not a swath.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:35:03


-- 
This is what's going on with bitcoin. Early investors amass a huge pile of bitcoin. New investors come in, driving the price up. Early investors dump, causing a crash. The cycle then repeats - those early investors buy in when the crash bottoms out. Bitcoin enthusiasts start to forget the pain of the crash, and buy back in along with new investors, driving the price up. The "early investors" dump again, causing a crash.
This is how the bitcoin elite siphon money from everyone else. You are either ripping off or being ripped off in this economy; there are only two types of bitcoin investors - the stupid, and the malicious.
Mt.Gox won't be be the death of bitcoin. This cycle will repeat until the supply of new investors has been exhausted and everyone wises up to what's happening to them. That is, once there are no new investors left in the world to add to the scam market, use of bitcoin will come to a halt. This is how all ponzi schemes work.


Absolutely not. It must be backed by a central authority in this case that guarantees its value. This is fiat. Less good is a "currency" with intrinsic value but no guaranteed backing, i.e. gold, which is subject to immense volatility.
Useless is a currency that is intrinsically worthless and has no guns to back it up.
Also, infinite divisibility is irrelevant to the topic of inflation/deflation, and actually is just irrelevant altogether. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:40:37
The properties bitcoin has in common with gold are sufficient to disqualify it as a useful currency. That's my point.
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:41:23
That trend has been remarkably stable after coming off the gold standard. Pretty much the antithesis of volatility. 
When you say things like that, you're spreading stupidity to the other users here. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:14:25
Welcome to bitcoin, where it is a feature that you can't get your stolen money back.
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:28:03
You can't possibly this stupid. It's safe to carry all my savings with me at all times. Debit card. I'm fully reimbursed for fraudulent transactions.
@_date: 2014-05-16 06:18:14
Divisibility has no bearing on the total supply. None.
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:55:26


Ah right, like that whole transaction malleability thing which got fixed in three really fast years.. or 7 transactions per second.. or deflation.. or volatility.. or rampant scamming. Those were all fixed in an incredibly short time frame.
Scamming, by the way, is a feature of free markets like this! Where else could you just disappear with all of someone's money without fear of retribution? It's a con artists wet dream! ANARCHY!!
The threat to crypto's long term growth is itself. 
Mt. Gox takes everyone's money first. Then Silk Road 2. BTC-e is next.
And then they'll reincarnate, to take everyone's money again. There will be no regulation, just like you've always wanted. 
The world of "caveat emptor" is a single rich scammer and a million poor fools who are just so excited to lose everything as often as possible. Wheee!!
@_date: 2016-07-21 22:05:41
There is no profit motive to making a car self-owning. It would be effectively the same as giving a car away, as far as profits are concerned, and nobody does that if the car is worth something. Furthermore if the car could make a profit you'd just send it off to go make money on its own and send the money back to you.
It strikes me very odd that people who hold rational self-interest in such high regard think that voluntarily relinquishing assets of any value is in someone's self-interest.