@_author: flinj
@_date: 2016-08-10 22:37:45
Say that I want to send you a secret file, but I think that someone might intercept the file before you get it, change its contents, and then send this modified file on to you. This is known as a man-in-the-middle attack. How do we make sure that the file you get is the same as the one I send without me telling you what was in it (defeating the point of it being secret)?
This is where a "hash" comes in. We agree on a "hash function", which is an algorithm which takes the contents of the file and turns it into a number, or sequence of letters, or anything really, so long as the same input always produces the same output. 
Then, before I send the file to you, I run our agreed hash function on it, then tell you the hash it produces. When you receive the file, you run the hash function on it, and if the resulting hash is the same, then you know that you got the same thing I sent.
A simple example of a hash function would be to give each letter a number so that a=1, b=2, etc. Take each letter in a text file and add each number together. 
If I want to send a file containing the word "cat", the function goes
C+A+T = hash
So I post a tweet that says "24", then send you the file.
When you get the file, you run the same function, and if you get 24, the the file is the same. However, if someone intercepted the file and changed it to say "dog", then when you run the hash function: 
You know something is amiss. 
The main thing is that you can't go backwards from the hash and figure out what the content of the file was. Just knowing the hash is 24, you can't figure out if the file said "cat", just the letter "X", or 24 "A"s, so it is save to share publicly.
A proper, real-world hash function is much more complicated, and makes it basically impossible to create 2 files which would ever produce the same hash, and they look exactly like what you see in snowdon's tweet. 
@_date: 2016-11-06 21:47:07
My understanding is that it's supposed to be the issuing of loans in e-coin which is unconstitutional, which would basically mean that e-corp (the company in the show) owns the American economy
@_date: 2016-11-06 21:43:33
Indeed; my [non-american - ymmv] understanding is that it *is* the federal government's duty to issue currency: indeed constitutionally they are the only body able to, as the Jack character (who basically represents "the government" in the show) implies. The current arrangement is that your federal govournment issues bonds to the Federal Reserve, who in turn issue dollars, which are backed by said bonds. So its a kind of constitutional back-door which puts the control of the dollar in the hands of a private entity while still technically being issued by the government. 
In this scene, e-corp (who the guy with the beard is the CEO of) is a caricature of "big corporations": this one company basically owns everything in the world of Mr Robot. E-coin is already accepted everywhere, basically, but the problem they are discussing is that issuing e-coin loans where 1 e-coin == 1 dollar makes e-coin de-facto legal tender, completely under the control of a private corporation with absolutely no backing by the federal government.
This is actually a major plot point of season 2 of the show; it's like nothing else on television.
@_date: 2017-07-22 03:17:42
Wtf