@_author: flippant
@_date: 2016-04-10 12:39:44
In cases like this, it's typically done to obfuscate strings.  If the URL were legit, the coder wouldn't have tried to hide it.
@_date: 2014-01-26 16:53:21
bRuTaLSC posted the perfect description of how hashes are used.  I would just add that the point of using salt is so that pre-hashed tables of common passwords (rainbow table) can't be used to determine the passwords if the hashed data is leaked.  If every entry is hashed with unique salt, even though that salt is stored right there in the database, it requires an attacker to brute force each entry individually.  
Salt is not used to add entropy.  The OP is isn't adding salt; he's just using a rules-based password generator and challenging us to determine the rule.
@_date: 2014-03-16 14:08:49
Neither does changing your own oil or fixing your toaster.  But most people won't make the effort.
@_date: 2014-02-06 02:31:44
Goodbye Apple.  Hello Nexus.  Freedom means more than words in an ad.
@_date: 2014-03-16 14:19:52
There are many ways to handle this.  The tips could be held in escrow until the course ended.  The tips could be anonymized so the they weren't linked to a specific student.  Yes, the student could communicate directly with the professor to bribe them, but they could do that now without this system.
@_date: 2014-04-06 14:07:09
It looks like this wouldn't affect soda vending machines because it's not targeting vending.  It targets so-called "automatic purchasing machines" where the user puts in a product and gets paid for it, and it exempts recycling machines that accept material and pay the user for them.  You might make the argument that this might unintentionally ban coinstar machines that "purchase" the user's coins because they accept the user's goods and dispense payment, but they would probably argue (successfully) that coins were not "personal property".  I can't think of another APM that's out there, so this seems to successfully target a machine that accepted bitcoin and dispensed USD, but it would not target a machine that accepted USD and dispensed bitcoin (a vending machine).
Most of the bill is dedicated to outlining making the seizures non-repleviable (they don't have to give them back), so it looks like a means to seize a bunch of bitcoins for the commonwealth.
@_date: 2014-04-06 14:33:23
That makes sense.  I haven't seen those machines, but that sounds like exactly the kind of thing they'd be targeting with this bill.
@_date: 2014-05-23 13:24:01
I'm all for bitcoin commerce, but I hope this does not become prominent.  This is exactly the kind of thing the Feds will use to invoke an interstate commerce hazard that trumps state's rights.  The Feds have basically said that they will stand back and let CO and WA proceed unless the MJ starts spreading illegally to other states.  I don't blame the people in this thread, but I wish this dispensary would toe the line and not ruin things for the rest of us.
If you want MJ, please fix your own states' laws instead of putting ours at risk.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:49:19
There is nothing here being done to evade federal laws.  The dispensaries are complying with state law.  The banks are complying with federal laws by not doing business with dispensaries.  The medical dispensaries have had big problems for years dealing with their money because they can't use banks like every other legal business.  Using bitcoin is a rational response to that.  It has everything to do with complying with the current regulatory environment and nothing to do with the malicious intent implied by the word "evade".
The dispensaries are going to be under a microscope, so I will be surprised if any of them risk "evasion".  The medical dispensaries who have crossed the lines in CA have been promptly raided by the DEA, but all the ones that comply, like these dispensaries are doing, have been left alone by the feds.  Everyone will be watching to make sure these dispensaries don't cook the books because (1) a lot of non-smokers in CO approved of this because they want the tax revenue and (2) the feds are just waiting for any reason to crack down. 
@_date: 2014-04-06 16:13:52
You're right of course.  I think CP70s speculation that this is targeting electronic device buybacks rather than bitcoin makes more sense.
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:22:28
The raids in California have been mostly (entirely?) against dispensaries that were not state legal.  They were not complying with state law so the feds stepped in.
As far as the Feds are concerned, these vending machines should be a good thing.  It's not like they're going to be out on the street where anyone can access them.  It's more like having a beer vending machine inside a bar where your ID has already been checked, and the point is to provide automated inventory control so everything is accounted for (something the feds have said will keep them in the background).
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:13:03
There's a lot of misconceptions about bitcoin that make the general population that *has* heard about it discount it.  A week or so ago somewhere else on reddit, I corrected someone who posted clearly wrong info about bitcoin as if they were authoritative.  Their only response was to delete their comment, but I consider that one person who learned a bit about how the system works and may no longer ignore it because of misinformation.  Just yesterday I was listening to a podcaster who was holding forth authoritatively but clearly didn't understand the finer points of bitcoin, and by the time I got to the comments section on his podcast, someone else had already politely corrected him and he graciously accepted the correction.  That's evangelizing for bitcoin one mind at a time.
We all need to get out of and be diplomats. 
@_date: 2014-01-22 02:28:28
You make a great point about fiat, but I think it's much easier to convince people of the benefits of bitcoin than the problems with fiat.  If you try to explain the problems of fiat/credit/banking/etc., you're attacking the worldview they've built up for their entire life.  If you're explaining the benefits of bitcoin, you're starting from scratch and you're not facing the cognitive dissonance that explaining fiat would cause.  Once you've convinced them that bitcoin is viable, then you have a more stable platform for doing a compare and contrast that will get them to see the problems of fiat on their own.
@_date: 2014-01-25 23:52:08
Actually they do.  They frequently pay companies to install interconnects, etc.  For example, they offered to pay Lavabits initially, and they paid $10M to RSA to make a broken PRNG the default in their commercial encryption suites.  I guess in most cases they're paying for services (install a backdoor) rather than paying directly for data, but I think they pay some of the big telcos for data transfers.
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:09:43
The government uses gravity to their benefit by taxing/regulating/threatening with imprisonment everyone affected by US gravity.   Same can happen with bitcoin.  They may not be able to block bitcoin the protocol, but they can harass bitcoin users and make bitcoin very hard to use.
@_date: 2014-01-14 00:50:30
I don't have any real info on either CA or CO growers, but I've been told by people in CA that the operations that got raided were not following the CA laws, so the feds stepped in.  I get the impression the feds are willing to stay out of it and avoid the states-rights fight (which they don't want to lose and set a broad precedent) as long as the state laws are followed closely and the MJ that's legal in CO doesn't start showing up in other states (hence the seed to sale system).
@_date: 2016-03-01 02:05:11
Credit card payments aren't free.  They're paid for by the merchant.
@_date: 2014-01-13 00:31:19


As long as they follow the rules.  They said the same in CA, and the crackdowns that have occurred there have been exclusively against medical dispensaries that did not follow the CA state rules.
Sorry if I posted misinformation about the banks.  I've read several articles in Colorado Springs about the difficulties of medical dispensaries handling money because they could not get bank accounts at any bank that had federal ties (e.g. FDIC).  
@_date: 2015-02-25 14:25:03
Bitcoin has a usability problem.  For people just getting in now, you have to give someone money in exchange for bitcoins (or sell goods for bitcoin, which presents same/similar issues).  You can trade money for bitcoin with an in-person meetup and hope you've set up your wallet software correctly and the person you're meeting is honest, or you can use a service like Coinbase that will interface with your bank and accept ACH transfers.  Coinbase is dead-simple easy for newbies compared to other options, but it means you have to comply with Coinbase's rules that are forced on them by US banking regulations.  
There are lots of other options.  The easy ones like Coinbase have regulatory issues.  The private/secure ones have a very steep learning curve in many cases because you're managing the security yourself and if you do it wrong, you may lose everything.  Every potential option has downsides.  Pick your poison.  
Note:  I'm not ripping on bitcoin here.  This is a natural and common phase of transitioning technology from early adopters to general users, but since it involves money, it's a lot more touchy than something like getting grandma used to facebook.
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:46:45
With a tablet, you turn it on and it works.  The vast majority of the people using tablets didn't even read the one-page "Get Started" foldout that came in the box.  
The bitcoin community either needs to make tools easier to use or accept that their size will be limited by the learning curve required to be part of it.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:30:35
Nothing if it meets your needs, but your question was about the bitcoin industry.  Bitcoin does have some advantages over that system if you can get past the barrier to entry, and in the very near future I expect it to have a lot more benefits.  But if those benefits are irrelevant to you, your solution is great.
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:04:53
And the OP should make that argument for himself, but he's not in a position to make that argument for every user.  He makes good points and the bitcoin community should take them to heart, but just because bitcoin isn't useful for one particular user or one small set of use cases doesn't indict the whole system.
@_date: 2013-11-25 14:46:43
Awesome.  Thanks.
@_date: 2013-12-26 14:31:51
Mining provides a reward for spending the computational effort to verify the blockchain.  When all bitcoins have been mined, the system will have to add transaction fees to make it worthwhile for people to continue to spend the CPU cycles the system needs, but the mining concept was a very clever way to bootstrap the system, generate coins over time, and provide the computation that a decentralized system needs.
@_date: 2013-11-19 14:42:39


Great analysis.  I just wanted to point out that while I don't think it's possible for government regulation to stop bitcoin, it is still possible for it to simply fizzle out.  Much of the new interest is driven by the run up in price, and many of the new buyers are likely buy-and-hold speculators, not people who will use it as currency.  The bitcoin community still faces the challenge of building tools that will make transactions easy for non-techie non-early-adopters.  Many current bitcoin users enjoy the process of understanding the details, evaluating tools, and fine-tuning a good secure setup, but all that is a huge hurdle to most people.  The friction needs to go away or bitcoin will remain a niche player and likely be supplanted by some other scheme that figures out how to be easy.
@_date: 2013-12-11 14:21:39
Yes, there are two reasons the filing date would matter.  The first is determining prior art, and this patent predates the introduction of Bitcoin.  The second would be the expiration date (which depends on the grant date of the various patents involved); the fact that it's old would mean it would expire sooner.  However, it doesn't appear to actually cover Bitcoin technology, so relating it to bitcoin is more FUD than anything (IMO, IANAL...).
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:50:10
Lots of businesses cheat on taxes by taking some cash under the table.  Bitcoin is really irrelevant to this issue.  Some businesses cheat now, and they'll cheat on bitcoin too.  Other businesses are honest about their tax liability and will be honest about bitcoin too.  Bitcoin does not make this problem better or worse.
@_date: 2013-11-10 22:45:46
I understand.  I just thought it was a funny juxtaposition.
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:58:05
I really appreciate the sentiment, but I don't think Apple really cares much about individual users.  Obviously they care about users in terms of market share, but more than any other company, they have a sense of hubris regarding features.  At least at this point, not enough users care about bitcoin, so it won't even hit their radar.
I use an iPhone, but I also use a windows laptop and an Android tablet.  Having a good mobile wallet is getting higher and higher on my requirements list.  I'm not going to dump my phone now over this, but when it's time to upgrade it will be one of a short list of deciding factors.  I hope Apple comes around because I like the phone, but it's not so far ahead of it's competitors now that it can survive without this feature.  To me, it would be like buying a phone that wouldn't play podcasts; that's just too big of a functional gap to make it worthwhile.  As bitcoin gets more pervasive, they will either come around or wither.
What we need is for a few well-placed tech writers to make this an issue.  There is a constant stream of articles about new phones and tablets and they all do feature comparisons to other devices.  If lots of articles about the new Android phone or the new Windows tablet includes a bullet point in the benefits list that it was better than the iOS competitor because it supported bitcoin clients, that would start to get attention.  It doesn't have to be a featured point of each article, just one of those boilerplate pro/con items, but if it appears in every article it would start to raise awareness.  I'm convinced that Apple is producing phones in goofy colors now not because users demanded them but because tech reviewers commented positively on the color options of competitors.
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:03:23
I didn't leave them out because I'm ignoring them.  I left them out because they're irrelevant to the point I'm making.  Of course there are failures.  The failures vastly outnumber the successes in technology.  Where in my comment did I imply that bitcoin was obviously and inevitably destined for success?  I didn't.  I said if it doesn't meet your needs now, ignore it.  If it meets your needs later you can get in then.  My entire point was that you should not concern yourself with the viability of bitcoin as a whole; it either helps you now, or it doesn't.  Next year the answer to that question may be  different.
I don't think anyone is in a position to say whether bitcoin will ultimately succeed.  But just like email and laserdiscs, we're in a period now where it's useful for some people and gives every indication of being useful for a lot more if it improves a few rough spots.  Time will tell whether it goes the way of email or laserdiscs, but no one is forcing you to be involved.  If you foresee imminent failure, sitting smugly on the sidelines is the place for you.  There's a place in tech for that too.
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:54:02
You're correct on the first point.  Most merchant agreements prohibit giving a cash discount or charging more to offset the fees.  You do see this sometimes from smaller merchants and they just get by until someone reports them.
However, there is still a distinction that could give merchants leverage to incentivize BTC.  Credit cards and cash both deal in USD (in the US) but with BTC you have a conversion rate.  Merchants could offer a favorable conversion rate when they calculate BTC prices and still be within the restrictions of their merchant accounts.
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:56:30
Which makes it foreign from the perspective of any government.
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:00:09
 - just sketchy enough that the credit card companies won't do business.
I don't deal with brick and mortar stores much, but I've helped a lot of people set up e-commerce sites, and I've had several very legit people who simply lacked a business track record have problems getting merchant accounts.  Some of them had to give up much higher fees to run credit cards through an intermediate service simply because the credit card companies didn't want their business.  For me, this is one huge advantage of bitcoin; no one controls who gets to participate in the economy.
@_date: 2013-12-26 16:23:58
The point is that mining is integral to maintaining the blockchain.  
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:06:01


You don't have to hold your breath.  Go on your merry way and ignore bitcoin until it becomes useful for you.  All of these "for now" arguments could have been made about email in the 80's.  I only knew a handful of people with email addresses and half of them were in walled gardens like compuserve.  Email wasn't useful for most people, so they ignored it.  Ten years later, most of my cohort had email.  Now, almost everyone I know.  You could say the same about cars (those new-fangled mechanical horses), phones, mobile phones, etc.  Every technology has early adopters, evangelists and then, once network effects start to take effect, they become more useful for the masses.
No one is forcing you to use or support bitcoin.  If it doesn't scratch some itch you have, either practically or philosophically, ignore it.  Maybe in a few years it will.  If not, no harm done.
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:18:16
I don't have any insider knowledge of any of the exchanges, but a lot of these problems seem like the kind of glitches you get from first-gen web apps that haven't been thoroughly designed and tested for all the weird edge cases that arise when real people use them.  Programmers are notoriously bad at anticipating how real people will break things, and it takes a lot of work to design systems to handle that.  If this were a new twitter or facebook clone, no one would make too big a deal, but these sites are dealing with our money, so they are under intense scrutiny and every glitch is very real to someone.
According to [Hanlon's razor]( you should never attribute to malice what could be explained by incompetence.  With that in mind, I'd keep hammering support and provide them with as much detailed information about sequences of events so they can reproduce and fix any bugs.  Of course, if it is malice, then you're screwed.
@_date: 2013-11-23 14:32:23
I don't know what their percent is, but dealing with web apps, it can vary a lot.  Some of the problems are bugs, some of them are design errors and some of them are pebkac (problem exists between keyboard and chair).  For a company like Coinbase, I'd assume that most of their issues are scaling and dealing with unanticipated edge cases in financial trades.
Add to that that they're dealing with your money.  If I see an error on reddit, it would have to be annoying and persistent for me to bother to report it.  If there's a problem with my banking site, anything remotely hinky or even a slight delay, I report it immediately because it's my f-ing money.  
Coinbase is in a position similar to the ACA website (obamacare): scaling up fast, dealing with issues that are very important to people, and having to interface behind the scenes with lots of different legacy systems.  Of course, the ACA site knew exactly what their load would be and blew it.  Coinbase probably planned to scale up more slowly.  In any case, I don't see customer complaints as a indication of impending failure.  Every site has them and coinbase seems to be handling them better than most.  It would be interesting to see some blog posts from them on what the problems have been, but that's mostly the geek in me wanting to learn from their mistakes rather than a desperate call for transparency.
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:13:25
We won't have any of that SI nonsense here in the good ol' USA.  We'll use increments of 3, 8, and 12 just to be consistent with what we know. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:00:53
I think this is a natural response and a basic part of our psychology.  It's the same bug that bites Wall Street traders and extreme couponers when they find they can essentially get something from nothing.  It doesn't matter if, intellectually, you're satisfied with your life.  The reward centers in your brain see excess resources, and it doesn't matter if those resources are bitcoins or money or a fresh kill of meat by the campfire.  It's easy street for your survival instincts and that creates a chemical reaction in the pleasure centers of your brain.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:12:41
Write your next essay on the fear of change and the psychological barriers that arise from new situations.  Your conclusion can relate this to 8th grade kids facing parental divorce and adults facing new economic paradigms.
@_date: 2013-12-12 13:55:14
The price represents social proof.  At $1000 it's a currency, not because it's at $1000, but that price represents wider adoption.  At $10 it was an investment, not a currency, because there was almost nowhere to spend it.
@_date: 2013-11-25 23:10:03
That applies to their use of the mark on their product, not the use of the word in general.  You can't apply for a trademark on a hypothetical use; you actually have to be using the word in commerce, and those are the "first" dates you put on the app.  "First use anywhere" is the date you started talking about your product publicly (e.g. first ad campaign or press release) and the "first use in commerce" is the first sale (maybe first inter-state sale?).  For example, when Apple trademarked "Apple" as it applies to computer hardware, they listed a first use in commerce date of their first sale of hardware, not the origin of the word in old English.  
I'm not agreeing with this trademark, just trying to clarify what those entries on the application mean.
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:09:44
You haven't pissed me off.  Just thought you needed correcting.  Us old folks are uppity like that.
Seriously though, I don't think I'm an exception.  I've been building the web since it was invented and writing software before that, so I guess I follow things like bitcoin more closely than some of my peers, but I know a lot of soccer moms (and lacrosse dads) in non-tech jobs who are both interested and adept at pretty much everything that comes down the pike.  They don't read the "fringe" press, so most of them were probably unaware of bitcoin before this week, but as soon as it benefits them, they'll pick it up easily.  They don't WANT to seek out every new dev that comes along because that's not how they spend their free time, but they adapt to them quickly when they become useful.  They won't shun anything useful.
@_date: 2013-11-10 20:17:40


Pick one.
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:21:38
There's a lot of us out here with grey hair who are not what you think we are.  You're a fool if you think "old" people can't grasp your tech.  We built most of it.