@_author: fllthdcrb
@_date: 2016-08-20 12:08:59
That's the reason for the advice to practice with it before you use it seriously, so you at least have some experience.
The cryptographic issue is with some ECDSA implementations that use a predictable PRNG (as was the case for a time with Android-based wallets) or do stupid things like using the same nonce (like Sony did with the PS3). Such mistakes can allow recovery of the nonce or private key, due to the algebra of ECC. There were other algebraic attacks that I forget the details of.
@_date: 2016-08-20 10:03:29
You mean spend only part of what's in the paper wallet? That is not a good use case, for a few reasons:
* It's not necessarily a large risk, but spending from any address reveals the public key associated with that address. Cryptographic attacks have been demonstrated against the reuse of a private key by bad implementations. Thus, it's best to spend everything sent to an address at once, and then never use that address again.
* Also realize that you can't simply spend part of it and assume the rest is still in the wallet. A transaction spends the total value of its inputs, no more and no less; any amount left unspecified goes to the lucky miner (or mining pool, as the case may be) that includes it in a block. If you want the rest to still be in the wallet, you will have to explicitly send the portion you want to keep back to the same address. When working with a paper wallet, this carries a risk that you will screw it up and lose money.
* Not only that, but there is another issue: Spending from a paper wallet requires loading its private key into a computer somewhere. If you're not careful, you can reduce its security just by doing so. With an online computer, there could be some sort of spyware ready to capture that key. Once the key is exposed, nothing still at that address or sent to it in the future is safe.
* You may also have a privacy concern. This is not specific to paper wallets, but.. If someone sends money to your address, they will be able to use the Bitcoin network to see all past and future transactions associated with that address. If this is something you don't want, then you'll need to give people addresses unique to the transactions they send you.
Bitcoinpaperwallet has the right idea, I think: treat a paper wallet the same as a piggy bank. You can put money in over time, but once you spend that money, you're done with the wallet forever.
@_date: 2016-08-06 05:41:34
Well, "desktop", especially with "pc", makes many of use think you're talking about an application that runs *locally* on a desktop or laptop computer (like, say, what linked to). You should just say, "web site". Anyway, thanks for clearing that up.
@_date: 2016-08-21 06:20:45
Well, the point of the piggy bank analogy is that you *must* destroy it to get the money out, thus precluding reuse. (I realize not all piggy banks are like this, but this is the implied type.) Even though that isn't really true with a paper wallet, it's best to pretend it is.
If you happen to have an extra computer that isn't connected online and that you could boot a live CD or similar with an appropriate wallet application included, you could use that to test the paper wallet with little risk. Just import the private key, and check that the derived address is what you think it should be. For instance, if it has the private key 5HuLkxNRsGoeYY5QBGpPgdsdMf1jr8DcfnFooPZyH3pijLEYKBH, then the wallet application should get 134DU44Md6rRxXSn2aC6ZE2dCC7jFE41Gn as the address; you would check that the paper wallet shows that as well, and that any online wallet you want to use to deposit to the paper wallet also has that address. As long as this holds true, you know the paper wallet is good.
If you don't have an extra computer, you could load the live CD on one of your online computers, after disabling network connectivity (disconnect Ethernet cable, turn off WiFi in BIOS if possible, turn off your modem, etc.); some live CDs also have options to control network availability at boot, so that's a possibility.
@_date: 2016-08-06 06:47:20
(Are you replying to someone?)
I would say, rather than "shouldn't have trusted blockchain.info" or whatever other service, it should be, "shouldn't have trusted someone else", period. Sorry if this sounds harsh, but I agree with those who say that bitcoins aren't really "yours" unless you control the private keys.
To be fair, it's a tradeoff: you control the keys and take the risk that you'll lose them or have them stolen, or you trust someone else with them and take the risk *they* will lose them, have them stolen (or seized by some government action), or even (as the case with the many scams out there) steal them themselves. If you know what you're doing, I'd say the former is a better option. Well, there is the third option, with multisig addresses and 2-factor authentication, which has security advantages. If done right, you have the ability to unilaterally take control.
All of this is to say, run your own wallet if you can, or use a multisig service ... *and* run your own wallet.
@_date: 2016-08-20 10:23:18
That would work, with the caveat that you have to start using the new address every time you withdraw, which could make it a little less convenient.
@_date: 2016-08-27 12:17:58
Could there be a problem with your wallet file or config files? What happens if you make a backup of the files and then delete them from the normal place? Will Electrum start up then? If this is the case, then it's a case of config file or wallet file corruption. You'll need to try to repair it somehow.
If not, it might be Electrum itself. Try reinstalling.
@_date: 2016-08-05 11:00:16
I guess that makes sense. May have been referring to the desktop version of the web site, as opposed to the mobile version and/or the mobile app. However, the "pc" part doesn't fit, since web sites shouldn't care about your OS.
@_date: 2016-08-01 21:32:04
Agreed. Electrum is great. It has a version for Android specifically; none (officially) for other mobile platforms. That version is not as full-featured.
But it does HD with a mnemonic seed phrase, *n*-of-*m* multisig (for any valid *n* and *m*, *m* up to 15), and Trezor (but not multisig Trezor, apparently). Not really Electrum-specific, but you can have a split wallet, i.e. one wallet with the private keys, possibly not connected to the Internet, and one wallet with only public keys ("watching-only"); that's a possibility to consider for use with your phone, or if you have an extra desktop machine that you're willing to keep offline for the sake of extra security.
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:26:45
How does that make sense? Being a "desktop version" *implies* you have to download it in order to use it. Can you elaborate?
@_date: 2016-04-17 07:09:16
Yeah, maybe it's referring to the use of `OP_RETURN`. Nothing after that opcode has to be validated. It's still an incorrect statement, though, AFAICT.
@_date: 2016-08-31 00:15:41
Just a thought: what about [WalletExplorer]( Admittedly, I can't vouch for it, other than saying it can give insight into what services some addresses correspond to. Worth a try, at least? (It also seems to be a few hours out of date, but I assume it will catch up soon.)
@_date: 2016-04-16 04:02:14
Almost certainly. The format should be portable. If you really want to be sure before you switch, you could try it with a live CD (or USB) that lets you install Bitcoin Core. Backup the wallet from the Windows version, and restore it in the live CD. You'd probably also want to symlink to the blockchain files in your Windows install (otherwise, it will try to download the whole blockchain and store it in RAM, since live CDs normally use RAM storage).
@_date: 2016-08-30 12:15:46
Well, it might be multiple addresses, considering the mention of "lots of tiny inputs". Then again, that might not be the issue. Just, what are the addresses associated with the inputs in the transaction that won't propagate?
@_date: 2018-09-26 19:27:43
You don't have to run an IPFS daemon to use DTube (though it's not necessarily a bad idea either). What you *do* need is a Steem account, which you can sign up for on Steemit or on other services (including one that can provide some measure of anonymity if you want to pay in bitcoin, litecoin or Steem tokens, if that's what you're after). See Steemit's FAQ.
@_date: 2017-02-06 15:00:17
Don't forget a really good cooling system, whether or not you're going to put the waste heat to use.
@_date: 2017-02-06 15:05:26
Well, barely. I saw it, and the mention is really brief and easily missed. Still, it's something, I guess.
@_date: 2017-02-23 21:06:57
Not necessarily. The first one *does* have a large advantage, but it's theoretically possible for one that wasn't seen first (or at all) on the network to get mined (say, if a miner or mining pool is giving special priority or keeping it to themselves before mining). No matter the state of the mempool, whatever the miners mine becomes the truth for the network, so long as (1) it's a valid block (follows all the rules, including not containing any conflicting transactions) and (2) it doesn't get replaced through a blockchain fork.
And just to be clear, of course those other transactions have no confirmations. They can't, because that would mean (by definition) they had been mined. Miners won't touch them, because any resulting block would be invalid; even if they did try, the network would reject it.
@_date: 2017-02-23 20:35:58
It doesn't matter how much the fees are. With dozens of confirmations on a conflicting transaction, there's no way those double spends can ever get confirmed. They should disappear eventually.
@_date: 2017-02-23 20:40:55
Not the kind of bug you're probably thinking of. It's just naïve enough to include all relevant transactions it knows about, even if they're unconfirmed, or even if they're double spends.
@_date: 2017-02-06 15:21:40
Don't forget to move everything out of it as soon as possible. Whoever has access to the phone might still be able to spend the funds. Whoever acts first wins.
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:24:15
This is a nonsensical argument, for one simple reason: in contrast to "bitcoin", the word "gold" does not refer to a specific quantity but to a substance (except in some role-playing games, but even that's really shorthand for "piece of gold" or some such). It is what we call a "mass" or "uncountable" noun. To talk about measuring it requires specifying a unit of measurement, such as an ounce. You wouldn't talk about drinking "1 water", would you? It would have to be "a cup of water" or "0.25 liter of water" or whatever.
And this is the real issue with the "bitcoin now worth more than gold" headlines. They're implicitly comparing an ounce of a material substance to glorified numbers that have virtually no weight at all. (The energy embodying the information has a real mass, but it's extremely small, and certainly not proportional to the monetary amounts specified in unspent tx outputs.) If 1 bitcoin actually weighed an ounce, it would make sense.
Or to put it a different way, a correct form of the headline would be, "1 bitcoin now worth more than an ounce of gold". But so what? Someone could take a check (or cheque, for everyone outside the U.S.) and fill it out for $12,400, and then correctly claim that their check is worth ~10 times what an ounce of gold is worth, provided they have at least that much in their account.
I think the market cap is a more sensible way to compare the relative worth. So basically, at present, (using OP's figure for gold on this) ~US$7.3 trillion / ~US$21 billion means all the gold is worth roughly 350 times all the bitcoin right now. Which actually doesn't look all that bad, now that I see it. Still has quite some way to go yet, though.
@_date: 2016-06-18 16:18:40
Plus, it's 2-of-3 multisig, and you get 2 of the keys. (One is encrypted, but it's with a password of your choosing.) They cannot block your use of funds should you elect to use the third key. Not sure they can't steal them, though. Third key is generated (and used??) on the page; I'm not sure if it's client-side or server-side. Does anyone know?
@_date: 2016-06-19 14:54:17
Aw, so close. But, quote fail. ;-)
@_date: 2016-06-18 11:35:14
Right. OP is smart enough to know how to use a hex editor. So, why not search for the private keys? A bit more work, though, if it's encrypted. I also second atroxes' suggestion to try chkdsk, but only after backing up the currently accessible form of the file, messed up as it is, just in case it gets even more messed up.
@_date: 2016-06-18 15:52:22
It's a good use of 2-of-3. It's not a problem if Coinbase disappears, as long as you have the third key and its password. In theory, you can use both of the keys you have in case that happens, and they cannot do anything to your money without your authorization, since they only have one key they can use.
However, there may be one flaw in their implementation. I tried setting up a vault, and I couldn't help noticing: the third key is generated *on the Coinbase site*. I would have thought I would be generating it myself, and then giving them the pubkey, as with the user key. Now, I'm not saying it's generated server-side; it *should* be in a client-side script, as insecure as that may be. But, can we trust them? If it *is* server-side, then there's no way to know they don't keep a copy usable by them, in which case they could seize any funds at the vault's addresses at any time.
@_date: 2016-06-19 14:21:09
Sorry, I don't know Core's wallet format very well. I think you've got more or less the right idea, but it's a binary database, so it takes some effort to figure it out. If I had an example of wallet.dat to look at, I might be able to, but it's not something I deal with. I like software that uses plain text formats where practical; easier to examine.
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:49:53
Judging by the video title, I'd say... Hotpoint.
@_date: 2016-06-15 05:15:49
Hmm. I looked it up. blockchain.info says:


Broken ECDSA implementation, maybe? Or is bc.i just spouting nonsense? If not, it would explain why the TX hasn't propagated.
@_date: 2016-06-15 06:14:56
You don't have to use a wallet in order to use the funds it controls. All you need are the private keys. If you're going to be using Electrum, it's best to **sweep** them: export all the private keys from your MultiBit wallet, then use Electrum's Wallet &gt; Private keys &gt; Sweep command, and enter the private keys there. That will create a transaction to transfer the funds to one of your Electrum wallet's own addresses. Just make sure you pay enough in fees to get confirmed in the time you want.
(It's not recommended to import private keys, for various reasons. In the case of Electrum or any other HD wallet, imported keys are not generated from the seed and thus cannot be recovered by its use. You would have to back them up separately, and then reimport them in case of a recovery situation. Also, handling private keys outside the wallet's control is a security risk. Best to avoid such problems.)
@_date: 2017-08-17 22:32:10
Then why did she ask, "What is this?"? Not something more specific like, "Is this...", or, "Could this be...", or whatever. Doesn't "What is this?" suggest the person asking has no idea? It's possible she doesn't even know what a hard drive is, but at least she doesn't know the significance of the handwriting, or she wouldn't consider throwing it out.
@_date: 2016-06-01 01:19:27
They're *based* on a seed, rather than a mathematically unrelated collection of random keys. But they still have to deal with regular ECDSA private keys (derived from the seed) in order to sign things, right? Out of curiosity, what are examples of wallets that don't allow imported keys? I know Electrum, for one, does.
@_date: 2017-08-05 03:46:00
Mobile deposit is for recipients, not senders. It just means you take responsibility to hold the check securely and then destroy it after a certain amount of time, instead of them doing it. And you have to show them the actual check if they decide to audit. Using it with one of your own checks from another bank would just be a special case.
Still a lot less efficient than just doing an electronic transfer. At least in theory. To say nothing of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2016-11-09 02:33:02
There is nothing preventing you from trying to mine on a regular PC, if you just want to toy with it (the original Bitcoin client did it by default). Don't expect to make any money, though. You'll lose a lot instead, due to electricity costs and the extremely competitive market that is almost exclusively composed of ASIC-based miners (as those are by far the most efficient). In fact, you'll be lucky to solve even one block after a long time.
@_date: 2016-12-13 15:43:14
I'll take a crack at this. I'm no expert, but I think I can reason in a basic way about it.
Minor correction to what you're saying. It's not *transactions* per se that would take longer, it's *confirmations* (having transactions be included in blocks). The network itself would carry on functioning. Only, it would take longer to find blocks (1/10 hashpower left, so 10 times as long: ~1 hour, 40 minutes), and hence longer for the transactions to be confirmed. Of course, this would be a serious problem for anyone needing to wait for confirmations. Also, the blockchain might not be able to keep up with demand under such a condition, since transactions would continue to be submitted until nodes run out of mempool space (mempool is temporary holding space for unconfirmed transactions; something I'm not sure about: do they start dropping transactions, or do they just crash from running out of memory?), or until users start giving up on Bitcoin.
The mining difficulty is adjusted once every 2,016 blocks, based on the average time between blocks since the last adjustment, to try to keep that time at 10 minutes. Under normal conditions, that means there's an adjustment every 2 weeks. But if there is a sudden massive drop in hash power, that time will increase.
Let's say, for example, we are exactly halfway between adjustments (1,008 blocks). Normally, there would be 1 week left. But now, with a sudden drop to 10%, it will take 10 times as long, i.e. 10 weeks! That's assuming no further change in hashpower.
There would be other consequences, too, but I'll leave it at this.
@_date: 2018-03-21 04:24:06
I dunno. But according to what I read, they used the services of Chainalysis, which apparently can do a lot just with the blockchain and knowledge gathered about various addresses. Pair that with, say, information subpoenaed from Coinbase or some other exchange, and it's not hard to see how users of such exchanges could be pinned down.
Without the information from outside the blockchain, the chance of success is a lot higher if there's already a specific target.
@_date: 2018-03-20 23:54:13
Ironically, it *did* help them catch the corrupt agents in that case. Of course, it was certainly nice that they weren't very competent in their crimes. Apparently tried to mix the coins, but not in the right way. And then there were all their other errors besides. But still, the blockchain was an important part of that investigation.
@_date: 2017-09-03 11:03:42
I agree the proof of no premining must have been the primary reason, but perhaps making a political statement was another reason for putting that particular headline in. He may have seen it and decided that it was the right time to start mining. Of course, we'll probably never know for sure.
@_date: 2016-05-21 21:21:56


Sorry, but that part is definitely not true. You don't spend from addresses; you spend from previous outputs. Even if you are reusing an address, everything sent to that address is as separate outputs. In order to spend everything sent to the address, you have to use as many inputs as there are outputs to the address, just as you need as many inputs as there are outputs to separate addresses. Because each input [references one and only one output](


Why is using an HD client (or even a conventional client that generates multiple addresses, like, say, Core) such a hassle? Any half-way decent client will keep track of all of your addresses for you and spend from their outputs automatically, so you don't need to manually check them all the time. Even if you're paranoid and decide to carefully choose which outputs to use, some clients make that easy.


Looks interesting, but (1) what problem does someone receiving donations have that stealth addresses would solve? (2) do all clients support it? (I think you basically said no to (2).)
@_date: 2016-05-20 08:14:05
As said, you should only ever use an address for one transaction. So, every time you want to receive something, you should provide a new address; to do otherwise can compromise your and others' privacy (and *possibly* security). Any decent Bitcoin application needs to support this, hence providing a unique address every time you want to receive a transaction.
A wallet does not have "an address"; it has "a number of addresses". Technically, Bitcoin has no concept of "wallets", only transactions with outputs to various addresses (to put it simply) and inputs that spend other outputs. A wallet exists to handle the complexities for you, but to use Bitcoin properly, you still need to know about (or at least have records of) many addresses.
@_date: 2016-05-23 01:05:59
Yeah, that is a good point. If there were some way to know for sure that one of those addresses was not kept and thus would never be used, you could recycle it. But there's no way to know; if you really don't want to reuse addresses, you have to reserve it forever, on the off chance whoever requested it will use it after all, or risk receiving more than one transaction to it. This is a problem with HD wallets. You have to weigh it against the benefit of being able to recover using just a seed.
It's a little different with conventional wallets. You could probably delete unused addresses, if you don't care about them being kept for long periods.
I don't know what other wallets call it, but Electrum has a "gap limit" you can adjust to control how many unused addresses it sees before assuming it's reached the end.
@_date: 2016-05-24 23:30:04
Yeah, like I said, it's hard to read. I still think there's one more, though. The one at row 2 column 7 and at row 4 column 5 *might* be distinct from "7". The latter is wide with a sharp angle, but this other one is narrow and noticeably curved.
@_date: 2016-05-21 19:54:18
You don't "receive" to change addresses (well, it can be done, but it would be incorrect use of the software). Those are created to hold the portions of your own transactions' inputs you aren't sending to others. Any given address you control can be used as a receive address (you provide it to someone else so they can send you something) or a change address (so you can send yourself change, obviously) but should never be both; that's just a consequence of not reusing addresses, though.
@_date: 2016-05-02 06:57:19
Simply put, a hot wallet is one with access to the Internet. A cold wallet is strictly isolated from the Internet. Assuming there is no hot copy, the latter is more secure, as it is nearly impossible for an attacker to steal the funds, except by something like social engineering or physical access.
A cold wallet can still be used to sign transactions. One scheme would be having a cold wallet and a watch-only wallet (one with only public keys or addresses) connected online. One can create an unsigned transaction on the watch-only wallet, transfer it to the cold wallet (via USB or similar, or even by hand), sign it, transfer the signed version back, and broadcast it. The drawbacks, of course, are that it requires two separate computers, and takes a lot longer than the same operation on one hot wallet.
@_date: 2016-05-25 07:04:32
Please read about [why address reuse is a bad practice]( One address per transaction is best. There are some situations in which it *might* be okay to reuse. But you have to give up a considerable amount of privacy in exchange: anyone who knows the address can go look it up in the blockchain and see *all* your financial activity involving that address. It'd be even worse if someone only needs your email address to find the information. Does PayPal allow anyone to enter your email and know all your transactions?
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:18:55
Well, I don't know the law. But I'll say this: In a technical sense, it's true that it's a bit like that. Bitcoins don't really exist in any "wallets" (the protocol has no concept of wallets, anyway; that's just a convenience for users). Possessing private keys allows access to spend the outputs they secure. On the other hand, bitcoin has no concept of accounts, either. A holder of private keys is not generally accountable to anyone for their use, unlike with a bank account. So, I think it's more like cash in that sense. If you legally acquire some property, and find cash in it, do you own that cash too? I suppose it depends on the jurisdiction and circumstances.
Of course, there's also a question of whether someone else has a copy of the wallet, as you mention (doesn't seem too likely, but who knows?). That could definitely complicate matters legally. In any case, I think that, if in doubt, OP should ask a lawyer for advice.
OP also never said whether they can *unlock* the wallet (the private keys are usually encrypted with a password or some such). If not, this is all moot.
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:05:46
Yes, please show us. It's not very interesting for someone to claim they solved it, with no proof. We don't even know the address, so there's zero credibility.
@_date: 2016-05-02 07:15:08
A bank account is under the control of an entity that holds those funds on the customer's behalf. They have legal standing regarding the use of those funds. They can stop someone other than the account holder (and actually, the account holder as well) from moving them, and there are specific laws about it too. With Bitcoin there is no such entity. Certainly not any of the nodes on the network, nor the miners. (Miners can refuse to include transactions, but they would all have to refuse in order to block a transaction, which is not too likely as long as it's valid, and especially if the fee is sufficient.) There are no accounts as such in the Bitcoin network.
That said, your last statement may still be true.
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:11:15
Technically speaking, yes. I'm thinking about it from a legal perspective, though. Do bearer instruments typically exist as multiple usable copies? In the case of a check (cheque), for instance, one can copy it for record keeping, but a copy would not be an acceptable substitute when depositing, would it? With bitcoin, there's no distinction, since it's all just data, and the network doesn't care (nor need to care) where a valid signed transaction comes from.
@_date: 2016-05-02 05:05:06
Legality of such a move aside, where would such a note be sent or posted? The blockchain has no such facility. It's possible to attach small amounts of arbitrary data in `OP_RETURN` outputs, but most software isn't designed to handle it. Some web services will store public notes, but you can't be sure the intended recipient will ever see them.
@_date: 2017-07-18 18:45:40
Yes, that's one of the fundamental design features. They go to miners, *by definition*.
And no, fees will not go away. Every 210,000 blocks (~4 years, if blocks are mined at a mean interval of 10 minutes), the block reward is cut in half. As the block reward is how new bitcoin is created, this means only ~₿21 million are ever supposed to be created. As the block reward gradually disappears over the next century or so, fees will become the only source of mining revenue.
Of course, this all assumes the protocol is never changed to alter the way block rewards are adjusted.
@_date: 2016-05-13 06:36:46
There doesn't seem to be a web tool for doing that. It's definitely possible to do it with your own node, though a tiny bit of programming may be required, as well as about 70 GB of space (at current time) and the time to download it all.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:48:04
Well, maybe not. You still have no idea what the possibilities for the key are, so you have to generate all of the permutations and check the corresponding addresses. But at least with a list of possible addresses, you can avoid scanning the blockchain for up to 21 trillion candidates.
@_date: 2016-05-21 22:41:24
You can only really influence how quickly you can get *1* confirmation. That's the point where your transaction gets included in a block, and depends on the priority the miners place on it. Blocks that come after that in the blockchain are defined as additional confirmations of your transaction; the only way you can influence how quickly those happen is by mining yourself (or making someone mine for you, of course), and even then, your contribution will be tiny unless you have a massive operation. Also, that influence will only last until the next difficulty adjustment (once every 2016 blocks, approximately 2 weeks). Even the first confirmation is at the mercy of chance, since it's still about finding blocks.
The good news is that, once it *does* get confirmed, additional confirmations are guaranteed (except in the unlikely event you're on the wrong side of a chain fork), since they *are* just subsequent blocks.
@_date: 2016-05-13 05:58:47
What are you using to search? For instance, blockchain.info will show you individual transactions, if you can find them, of course. But it looks like it doesn't recognize either dates or amounts in searches.
(BTW, how do you know that much, but not the address(es) involved? Lost wallet or something?)
@_date: 2016-07-06 09:05:32
Well, I think the main point was, something like an online Electrum wallet is better than a web-based wallet where the provider manages the keys for you, since such a provider is capable of taking away your control with no notice and possibly no recourse. At least with the former, you're in control. Maybe you could get hacked, but that risk is something you get to decide on.
If you're going to be spending on a day-to-day basis, obviously you'll need some online. But for long-term savings, yeah, something offline is a good idea.
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:44:08
Hmm. This may be true. What about multiple copies, though? I mean, it's possible someone else could have a copy of the wallet (though, based on the circumstances, I doubt it). Any idea whether that would affect OP's right to it? (Not assuming you're a lawyer or anything. I'm just curious.)
@_date: 2016-07-06 08:38:02
Definitely agreed, for 1-sig. But, uh... What do you say about 2-of-3 multisig, and one has exclusive possession of 2 of them?
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:37:46
Are you *sure* only you have the password? How do you know someone at bc.i can't access it? Actually, they don't need the password, since they have admin access. In reality, *they* control the keys. The site normally does what you ask it to, but technically there is nothing stopping them from seizing control, either illegally or under some sort of court order. (Not saying anything about bc.i in particular; it's just the nature of an online service.) Or they could get hacked.
If you want to be sure that is not possible, then you must possess the keys yourself, by running your own wallet. Of course, in that case, you have to be sure not to lose the keys, or you cannot recover the money. And also, make sure you yourself don't get hacked. So, you must weigh the risks.
@_date: 2016-07-08 02:32:38
Yeah, definitely. No regular user is even going to think about reading that message, as they assume they know it already. It should be something very hard to miss. Perhaps something outside the text box.
@_date: 2016-07-03 04:59:00


I don't know what you are talking about. My copy has *exactly that command* for a seed-based wallet, and it works; I just tested it. Version 2.6.4, which is the latest release. Could you please explain what gave you such an idea?
(EDIT: (confused stuff about documentation being out of date; see my comment further below about why I can import keys when others can't).)
That said, I would definitely consider sweeping, rather than just importing. One of the big reasons for using Electrum (and some others) over Core is to have an HD wallet, with the possibility to recover everything using just a seed phrase, but you don't get that benefit if you just import keys.
If the fees are a problem, it's possible to compromise, by using a seed-based and importing your old keys that have unspent transaction outputs (UTXOs) to them. As you spend, over time the UTXOs at the non-seed addresses should be used up. (EDIT: See my below comment about why this doesn't actually work.)
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:47:13
It might be different if you can scan *once* for addresses that have recently had around 2.3 BTC sent to them, and then just do simple address comparisons during the search, no longer needing the blockchain. (EDIT: actually, something like a hash table could work even better.)
Well, I'm assuming they were sent recently in preparation for this challenge. That might not be the case. But I still think that's the lesser issue.
@_date: 2016-07-02 00:33:21
Are you suggesting he (or whoever moved the funds) did not spend them in a meaningful way? That's irrelevant; merely moving them without any authorization or allowing someone else to do so is surely a crime already.
Or are you suggesting someone else moved them without Bridges' knowledge or help? One of the other agents in the Baltimore office, perhaps? I guess that's a possibility. Mr. Gambaryan doesn't think so, but we can't really know for sure. Personally, I'm going with his assessment, though, since he knows a lot more about how the Secret Service operates than we do.
@_date: 2016-07-22 20:10:51
Well, that's not good. It doesn't look like watching-only, though. I mean, it has everything a normal wallet needs. Maybe it's corrupted somehow. For instance, what you posted has some syntax problems on lines 27 and 28. It might be that you just messed it up while obscuring all the sensitive info, and the real wallet file is fine.
In any case, if Electrum refuses to recognize the file, it should be possible to fix it. Try this (procedure tested just now):
1. Look inside the bad wallet file. Copy the seed, master private key, and master public key, to somewhere secure. Close the file to make sure you don't accidentally change something in it.
2. Start Electrum, and create a new wallet. Don't worry about the details, except what you call it. (You'll have to retype the mnemonic it gives you to proceed, but you can enter any password you like as long as you don't leave it blank.)
3. Quit Electrum completely.
4. Open the new wallet file in a text editor.
5. Delete all address lines inside the "change", "receiving", and "addr_history" sections (but not the sections themselves).
6. Replace the seed, master private key, and master public key with what you copied earlier. Also, change the "xpub" in the "accounts" section to the master public key (it's a redundant copy).
7. Save the file.
With this, you should be able to open the new wallet and, assuming you have the right password (same as the old wallet), and the seed and master keys are intact, you should be good to go. If this doesn't work, then you may have to resort to one of those recovery tools.
@_date: 2016-07-06 10:57:00
I won't address  and  those are a problem independent of which application you're using. As for  (and  Electrum is open-source software, so if you are capable of reading and understanding the source, then consider doing so; otherwise, find someone else capable of doing so that you can trust, and have *them* examine it. At least, that is how it's supposed to work. Whether you can accomplish that is another issue. Alternatively, ask as many security experts as you can find who have examined or would be willing to examine the code??
I'm not sure what you think  might entail. Perhaps a way to predict the keys it generates? I don't know if I can give a full answer. What I do know is that it follows BIP32 for HD wallets. This involves a published function for generating sequences of keys based on a seed. Normally, that seed would be generated in Electrum using a source of random numbers. If you don't trust that it generates them randomly, it's possible to generate the seed yourself (you can look up the word list, and then choose a random sequence of 13; just be sure you use a proper (P)RNG). Then, you can use the "restore" feature to put it into use. Since you didn't allow Electrum to choose, and the key generation function is known and deterministic for a given seed (you must be able to transfer the master key to other BIP32 wallets, or to import a master key from other wallets, and get the same sequence of keys), there is no room to manipulate it.
@_date: 2016-07-10 06:01:14
Surely the confusion caused by trying to change a name no one should expect to be changed would be *far* worse. Just come up with a new name if necessary, and use that, but *never* try to change the meaning of such a well-known name. It will not go down well, to say the least.
@_date: 2016-07-26 16:18:01
That's how *Jeopardy!* works, though. The vast majority of clue/response pairs are worded in a similar way.
@_date: 2016-05-02 04:53:09
Yeah, that's enough of a confirmation. That means there's no password. Not too smart on the part of the original owner. It means whoever has possession (by ownership, theft, or otherwise) can spend it. Be careful about not letting it be stolen yourself. Or perhaps add a password. But be sure you'll be able to unlock it after that. And if it turns out you want or need to give the wallet to whomever, make sure they can access it.
As for your own bitcoin, it goes without saying you need to secure it. If you ever will it to someone, put the password somewhere secure, so the inheritor can access it.
@_date: 2016-07-26 16:08:30
Makes you wonder how many other errors they make.
@_date: 2016-07-06 23:22:20
Electrum is written in Python, so it's a little different situation. Depending on your exact OS (distro, in the case of Linux), you might get packages with precompiled modules, or they might get compiled on installation or at run time (I suspect the latter is more common). I'm not sure if the compiled modules can be considered deterministic; different interpreter versions may produce different bytecode.
Anyway, the paranoid could remove bytecode files (.pyc and .pyo). As long as all of the source files are present, this wouldn't break anything; it would just slow down loading of modules a bit. There are also modules written in C, which one would have to compile from source. Electrum doesn't seem to have any of those, though.
@_date: 2016-07-22 17:47:03
BTW, a master private key in BIP32 format always starts with "xprv", so it's easy to identify. If what you have is really a master *public* key, it should start with "xpub". That is, unless they're from an old pre-BIP32 wallet, when Electrum used its own seed and key format.
@_date: 2016-07-03 04:01:33
The block reward (the amount the protocol specifies someone producing a valid block may receive for that block in addition to the transaction fees, and thus the amount of bitcoin created therein) was initially 50 BTC, then it went to 25. Now, it's going to 12.5. The protocol also says that the reward is halved exactly once every 210,000 blocks. Basically, every 4 years, assuming 6 blocks per hour. (In reality, it can be a bit sooner.)
@_date: 2016-05-23 18:35:52
I don't think so. There appear to be 16 symbols in the alphabet (EDIT: actually, I may be mistaken about that; some of the symbols are a little hard to read). So, it's equivalent to a hex representation. Since the text contains 60 symbols, that's 240 bits.
Aren't private keys 256 bits? Is it necessary to guess the remaining 16, then? The hard part seems to be determining the order of the alphabet. Theoretically there are about 21 trillion possibilities.
Well, OP did tell us the (approximate) amount, so it might be possible to find a list of addresses that match that, and then use that somehow to speed up the search. Maybe?
It's also possible some of the symbols correspond to digits they resemble.
@_date: 2016-07-31 00:51:57
I think it's just people learning the contraction by ear and not learning any deeper than that. I mean, sure, "would have" is hard to mistake, but "would've" (from a native speaker, at least) *does* sound like "would of". So, if you were never taught "properly", and you don't pay attention to how good writers write things or how good speakers speak, then you have to take your best guess, and that's most likely going to be "would of".
At least, that's *my* guess about this.
@_date: 2016-07-08 03:25:35
I guess you could think of it a bit like a writeoff. 1 satoshi is literally not worth the time to think about it (for now). It'd be an issue if a miner threw away several BTC, but they'd just be shooting themselves in the foot.
@_date: 2016-07-27 19:05:42
Seconded. Electrum is a good multiplatform HD wallet, with multisig capability. It also has support for Trezor (and other hardware? I don't know, since I haven't used such a thing). It's mainly desktop, but there is an Android app too, though it's not as full-featured.
@_date: 2016-07-22 18:23:18
It should be BIP32, as seed_version is 11. Hmm...
Ah, I know. It's encrypted (I forgot the encrypted version is stored in base 64 instead of base 58, which is why there are a few +s and /s). Do you have the password? If so, you should be able to unlock it. No need to import or sweep, I think. If you don't have the password or the unencrypted master private key or the seed (raw or mnemonic), then you have a problem.
@_date: 2016-07-06 22:47:30
I can't answer for them, but I don't think inquiring about security issues should be offensive to the developers. They surely know security is of paramount importance and value any problems brought to their attention. Even just challenging that security is a good thing, because sometimes bugs can be brought to light in such a way.
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:28:39
You sure? I don't know how experienced you are. I ask just because IME, private wallet software typically lets you open the wallet and examine the public part of the data (addresses, transactions, etc.) without a password or anything. You only have to enter the password when attempting something requiring use of a private key, such as signing a transaction or a message, or to view private keys or [seeds]( Of course, there may be some software that secures the entire wallet.
@_date: 2016-07-04 04:14:28
It processes the *entire* blockchain. All 70 GB of it (and growing all the time). Are you willing to spare that much storage? Do you mind spending bandwidth to download it, and every transaction all the time (whenever you go offline, you have to catch up again upon returning)? Will you wait the long time for it to initially download? It's all necessary to have a functioning network, but it's not suitable for everyone to use. And for most phone users, I do believe it's out of the question.
@_date: 2016-07-09 08:41:52
Never blindly return to the origin address. Besides being address reuse, there is no way to know it will even work. For instance, the sender might not even have the private key any more, and if they're using some service, like a web wallet, exchange, mixer, gambling site, or anything else that automatically decouples customer transfers from Bitcoin transactions, it might not handle unexpectedly receiving at such an address, so you might just be causing the money to be lost forever.
@_date: 2016-07-30 14:48:36
Yes, so I read. I was replying to FargoBTC, not you. Please pay attention to the thread structure. You also don't need to repeat yourself.
But as has been stated, it's because you only imported an address. You have to import, or sweep, the private keys. (Actually, it looks like Armory might be an HD wallet, like Electrum. If it is, and you can get the master private key from your Armory wallet, you should be able to import/sweep that instead (EDIT: if it uses BIP 32, that is). Then you should be able to use all of your Armory addresses.) I recommend sweeping, for two reasons:
1. Handling private keys is risky, because someone else could get a hold of it and steal the funds for that address, and having one in addition to the master public key allows all of the private keys to be derived. Sweeping spends the funds before anyone else gets a chance to.
2. It means you get a new wallet in Electrum, complete with a mnemonic seed phrase you can use to recover the wallet, without needing a backup of the wallet file. Well, with just the master private key, it's not too bad, but you'd need to securely store or remember something less easy to work with.
@_date: 2016-07-03 06:15:52
Well, Core for one actually reads the entire blockchain, so it can just scan through that. Still takes quite a while given the amount of data. Others use SPV. Some use special servers that process the blockchain for them, which is pretty much instantaneous. Electrum supposedly uses a combination of its own servers to find transactions and SPV to verify.


These are not web browsers. They wouldn't typically do it that way, although they might use an API.
@_date: 2016-07-11 17:06:14
Well, that sucks.
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:07:52
There is no reason the *address* for a cold storage wallet cannot be used online. In that case, funds can be sent *into* it. It is quite secure that way. It is infeasible to discover the private key, short of someone physically accessing the computer or medium it's stored on; if this were not the case, Bitcoin would be totally insecure, since addresses are sent in order to receive funds and published in the network when they appear in transaction outputs.
@_date: 2016-07-22 17:37:32
Try [this from the Electrum docs]( Tells you what you need to do. Except, instead of entering private keys for individual addresses, just enter your master private key. You won't be able to get the seed back. If that's an issue for you, then it's best to create a new wallet and [sweep the old one](
@_date: 2016-07-08 02:23:52
Hmm. Seems there's no notification this has happened. I can see some people going in and entering their usual passphrase, suddenly finding nothing, and assuming it just got deleted. Maybe you should put a notice about that *on the site itself*, instead of hiding it somewhere not all of your users read.
@_date: 2016-07-01 22:53:45
Looks like they really screwed up. Though, I suppose if Bridges was the only one around that office who could deal with Bitcoin (really?!), it's not too surprising. But couldn't they have found anyone else to do something that probably most of us here could do in a few minutes? Or were they missing a password or something? Now, there's no guarantee the funds can ever be recovered, if Bridges handled it smartly (notwithstanding he shouldn't have tried to steal money as a federal agent in the first place if he were *really* smart).
If I were one of the Bitstamp victims, I'd be considering suing for negligence about now.
@_date: 2016-07-24 15:01:52
Electrum does multisig and also supports hardware devices. Not sure what *range* of devices it supports, but it might be worth checking out. (Disclaimer: I don't have any devices to test with. Just sharing what I know.)
@_date: 2016-07-08 03:37:10
As others have said, it just makes the currency as a whole rarer and therefore worth more. If we get to the point that 1 satoshi is a significant amount, just make a new transaction version (and maybe other stuff??) with sub-satoshi units, and carry on.
As for "eater addresses", those aren't the only way to throw away money. There are also `OP_RETURN` outputs and P2SH scripts with impossible-to-satisfy conditions (EDIT: unless, perhaps, one manages to find a hash collision with a satisfiable script); no amount of cracking works to recover money sent to those either.
@_date: 2016-07-07 05:41:38


You can read the *current* code. It can be changed at any time. I don't think there are many of us who would go as far as to read it every single time.




I don't mean just stealing bitcoin. What about denying access? I'm not familiar with bc.i's service in particular (I was actually addressing web services in general; sorry for not saying so). Can you get a copy of the key data? If so, it should be fine.


Fair enough. That may be a better solution for someone who won't trust a live web site, and is able to read code. I say I'm not familiar with bc.i, but they're pretty well known for having APIs too, right? That might be a good alternative.
@_date: 2016-07-28 18:21:48
Yeah, I'm afraid you have not made a new discovery. Many of us have already noticed it for a while. According to the pattern, it certainly does look like the price could have an even bigger spike soon, although looking at those graphs, it looks like "soon" could be another year or two.
Who knows? They say the past predicts the future, but no one really knows for sure. I think most of us believe the price will at least generally increase, due to the deflationary design. But again, who really knows?
@_date: 2018-12-09 21:11:47
Have you seriously never heard of Amazon Web Services? Cloud computing?
@_date: 2016-07-22 18:44:10
Unless there's something else wrong with that wallet, then it should work as it is. You have to enter the password in order to do anything requiring a private key, like signing a transaction or message, viewing a (master) private key or the seed, etc. As long as it's working fine, there's no need to decrypt it outside of Electrum. (EDIT: And yes, you should be able to see the seed from within Electrum, with the password, of course.) If you're concerned, you *could* send or sweep all the amounts to another wallet, but you'll have to pay transaction fees.
If there's some sort of problem that prevents the wallet functioning properly, it should be possible to decrypt the key or seed, but I don't have any links handy.
@_date: 2016-07-03 06:37:35
No. Each private key has exactly one corresponding public key that can be derived from it (the reverse is computationally infeasible according to current understanding of ECC). The public key is in turn hashed to produce the address, which is the only one that can come from that public key.
On the other hand, there are *far* fewer addresses (2^160) than private keys (2^256), so most, if not all, addresses have many keys mapping to them. Finding an actual collision is extremely unlikely, though.
@_date: 2016-07-08 02:44:06
Simple: the protocol does not force miners to collect the full reward for the block; it only ensures they cannot collect *more* than that amount. In that case, the miner deliberately ignored all of the transaction fees *and* collected 1 satoshi fewer than the subsidy.
@_date: 2016-07-04 02:11:30
Not to worry. *Every single one* of the 17 comments posted on there so far agrees that it's utter dreck. It's gotta mean something that *no one* is so stupid as to praise it.
@_date: 2016-07-01 23:22:17
Still, he had a duty to keep the information secret. It was locked away in the evidence vault. If he didn't commit the act himself, then he must have leaked the information to someone else, which would make him an accessory to the theft, wouldn't it? Either way, he's in more trouble. The real problem may be getting the bitcoin back, depending on what happened to it. (And it looks like a lot happened.)
@_date: 2016-07-10 05:18:59
It *is* used in some places. There are options to display amounts in mBTC, for instance—to give a just a few examples I know of—in some wallets (including Electrum, which I use, and some web wallets), and also on [the "markets" page of Bitcoinity]( which even has it as the default.
@_date: 2016-07-10 06:06:57
Which I did say in my comment, and why I specifically recommended sweeping.
EDIT: BTW, if your objection to using an HD wallet is about mixing in imported keys, note that Electrum doesn't even allow that for BIP32 wallets. You have the choice to either sweep it or use a conventional wallet.
@_date: 2016-07-02 05:07:44
Yeah, their "expertise" is frankly quite pathetic.
@_date: 2016-07-31 15:59:12
That is the transaction fee, a fundamental part of Bitcoin, and nothing to do with Electrum itself. You're supposed to set aside part of the funds of each transaction as payment to the miner that eventually includes it in a block. The proper fee is generally based on the size of the transaction data (rather than a percentage of the amount being sent). Technically, the fee is voluntary, but pretty much no one mines free transactions these days, so setting the fee too low can result in it being ignored.
@_date: 2016-07-20 04:39:47
Not really an agenda with this comment. But, a few things to respond to in the article.
* Bringing up Satoshi's stash. No one really knows, but it's possible the keys for those don't even exist any more. AFAIK, no one has publicly proved ownership, much less moved the vast majority of it.
* Equating addresses to people. In fact, a person can have any number of addresses. And OTOH many of them aren't even addresses for single individuals. Similarly... "Almost 99% of all the bitcoin addresses have less than one-tenth of a bitcoin, which is less than $24 USD worth at present." But it's at best difficult to determine who owns any of them. How many of those, for instance, are change addresses in the wallets of people who own much larger sums, or unique payment addresses generated by merchants and payment processors? "Are Satoshi Nakamoto and The Winklevoss Twins the three addresses at the top of the Bitcoin wealth mountain?" The probability is extremely close to zero (see below about Satoshi). And if you ignore Satoshi, I'd say the probability that those two rich people happen to own exactly two of the wealthiest addresses is still very low, for the reasons given.
* "Or just tens of millions of test addresses that are empty and never were destined to hold bitcoin, just to exist." Where did they find such addresses? It wouldn't be in the Bitcoin network, right (with maybe a very few exceptions)? They could be found on various web sites and other sources. But those do not exist as far as the Bitcoin network is concerned, and therefore would not affect the statistics.
* "Funny thing is this table also may help debunk the rumor of Nakamoto holding 1 million Bitcoins. The three addresses at the top of the Bitcoin address mountain have less than half of a million BTC held. Therefore, he would have to spread that large cache across several addresses, which may or may not be the case. This at least makes the rumor slightly less likely, but we may never know." Author clearly doesn't know what they're talking about. Bitcoin 101: each block originally paid out 50 BTC each as a subsidy. Therefore, each coinbase transaction can create no more than 50 BTC (plus any txn fees, but there virtually no transactions for a long time). Spend a little time looking at the earliest coinbase txns, and you can see they output to different addresses. I don't know if they're all unique, but why shouldn't they have been? And who else but Satoshi was mining in the early days? A few people, yes. There are various analyses of the early blocks, some of which claim to be able to distinguish Satoshi's due to certain characteristics. I don't know how valid they are, but I'd say that makes it more than just a rumor, at the very least. It's also well known that almost none of those early rewards have been spent, leaving no possibility they were consolidated. So **of course** that 1 million BTC is spread out.
Um, that's all. No conclusion or anything.
@_date: 2016-07-09 08:24:03
The normal way to prove would be signing a message with the private key for 17kVyWrB7Z3j12eAFaVQJYv3Kq9ZpLzRGr. Of course, you can only do that if you actually _possess_ that key, or if you're using a web wallet that lets you do so. I don't know if there are many of those, but many private wallets have the signing and verification function.
If you _can_ do it, include in the signed message an address where you'd like to have the money returned (it should not be sent back to the same address).
@_date: 2016-07-29 16:34:15
That shouldn't happen. I've been using Electrum for a long time and never had such an issue. Maybe your OS is doing weird things?? I don't know, but there's something wrong on your computer.
@_date: 2016-07-31 16:21:50
But that's TrustedCoin charging a fee, not Electrum, right? Unless the Electrum devs get a cut.
@_date: 2016-07-07 06:00:05
That's true. It's a tradeoff of some privacy for... can we say, usability? If you want good privacy, a real node (i.e. one that processes every transaction) does a good job of that (about as much as is possible with Bitcoin); it can access the transactions that are important to you without revealing that information to anyone, but the downside is that... well, it processes *every transaction*, as long as it's online. And it takes *quite a while* to become usable when you start it the first time.
If you're willing to live with some nodes possibly being able to correlate certain addresses as related, in exchange for the wallet being almost instantly usable, then use something like Electrum.
@_date: 2016-07-28 17:03:40
Oh, I should also point out, Electrum can be used in what you might call split wallet schemes, like where you have two computers, one with an Internet connection, and one that is never connected. On the unconnected one, you make a wallet, and you export the *master public key* and load it in the online computer (through a USB key or other offline medium; or you could just write down the information and type it in on the other computer), creating a watch-only wallet. Then, whenever you want to spend from the offline wallet, you make a transaction in the watch-only wallet, transfer it to the offline computer, sign it there, then transfer the signed transaction back and broadcast it.
There are probably other wallets that can do that, but I don't know about any of them. Electrum is what I use.
@_date: 2016-07-04 00:45:22


Yes, I am. For instance, I can get the seed phrase if I want to. I've also been able to do recovery with said phrase.
Hmm. But looking into it more, I think it's because I have a pre-BIP32 wallet. For whatever reason, it still allows importing keys for these, but not for BIP32 wallets. Okay then.
In any case...


Which is why I encourage sweeping, rather than using Electrum as just another regular non-HD wallet. Well, if the fees are an issue, then you'd have to do it that way. But definitely spend it before anything in HD-based addresses. You could even create a separate HD wallet, and every time you spend anything from the non-HD wallet, get it to send the remainder to one of the HD addresses instead of an automatic change address; a bit of extra work, though.
Personally, for 0.5 BTC, I probably wouldn't mind an extra fee, though it does depend on how many UTXOs are involved.
@_date: 2016-07-10 05:50:13
Sorry to hear you were blindsided by this problem. Real nodes aren't something everyone wants to run for this reason. Fortunately, it's possible to get your money into something lighter-weight. I recommend Electrum; it does HD wallets, which allow you to recover access with a single seed, represented as a phrase of 13 English words you can memorize or write down and store securely.
You can read [this article on how to transfer your money to Electrum]( Note the warning near the top, and proceed with caution. The last part says to sweep the key. I generally do recommend this, but note that you will have to pay the usual transaction fee. If that's a problem, you could create a new wallet in which you import the key, but be aware that it won't be an HD wallet, and therefore you will not get the benefit of being able to recover with a seed. In that case, I recommend you create an HD wallet alongside the imported one, and when you need to spend anything, make it send the leftover amount not to one of the HD addresses, until there is nothing left in that wallet.