@_author: float_into_bliss
@_date: 2015-06-12 04:51:50
No, they've agreed to create a company on top of the open protocol that will demonstrate the effectiveness of the open protocol, create a demand for the open protocol, and take the first-mover advantage.  Red Hat didn't kill linux just because they had a profit motive.
@_date: 2014-05-11 03:20:42
Full-text of the advisory opinion: 
(well, a draft from the day before the official release)
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:29:55


Trying to paint "the government" as a single entity is the wrong point of view.  The republicans, democrats, tea party, libertarians, and whichever political appointees they managed to squeeze in during their 5 minutes of fame are all "the government".
@_date: 2014-12-18 17:05:08
[coinb.in]( can create any m-of-n wallet and the underlying public/private keys without locking you into any of the services.  Like coinkite, it's opensource and runs offline in your browser (as with all inbrowser/offline things, run them in incognito mode so browser extensions can't get access to them).
The limitation of coinb.in is it doesn't make HD wallets -- just straight WIF's and public keys. I still don't quite understand how HD multisig works though... like how do the different signatories coordinate and stay in sync on which pub key they toss in to generate new multisig addresses without a central party acting as a referee.
The advantage of coinb.in is it's as service-agnostic as I've found without knowing what bitcoind and a command line are -- you make/get your WIF's, toss in your public keys, and it produces a 3xxxx multisig hash.  The flip side is if you want to use one of the multisig services, it doesn't appear to me like everyone's quite standardized on wallet import/exports, probably because they want to keep their single key on their servers so you keep using their service (coinkite is trying to be pretty good on importing/exporting everything, not obvious to me how to export local stores on bitpay's copay, and haven't tried coinbase).
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:06:17
[  Thread has a link to the original story in bosnian and a translation.
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:29:41
If there's nothing left for the shorts, how is there enough to engage in any meaningful commerce, which is the only way to really maintain value?  Or are we doomed to having all btc value derived from cycles of speculation? 
@_date: 2015-01-24 19:32:08
Neat headline, but there is no substance in this article.
Why will it thwart terrorists?


So because it hasn't been used for terrorism and because terrorist organizations have found ways to fund themselves before BTC came on the scene means it won't be used? ehh.
Why will it thwart child pornography?


Wait, how?  One-time addresses are one-time addresses, and possesing coins that have been linked to a crime 10 transactions ago doesn't make you a criminal.
Why will it thwart drug dealers?


Again, how?  Ulbrich was arrested because a "server misconfiguration" let the FBI back to him.  When the FBI found him, they seized all his assets, including computers and the BTC keys on them.  Why does that show bitcoin is a poor choice for dealing with drugs?
The only piece of substance in this argument is how bitcoin will thwart money launderers:




Translation: AML/KYC regulations on the fiat entrance and exit ramps do actually stop money laundering.
@_date: 2015-02-22 22:43:05
It's like how anytime you shuffle a deck of cards, the universe has probably never seen that ordering before.  Basic probability:
Randomly select one of the 52 cards to be in position 1. Next, randomly select one of the remaining 51 cards for position 2, then one of the remaining 50 for position 3, [and so on](  This is called a [factorial]( -- there are about 8*10^67 to shuffle a deck of cards (an absurdly large number).  Therefore, the universe has probably never seen your particular deck ordering before.
Math!