@_author: floatrock
@_date: 2015-06-07 01:29:02
The cost of the "cancel anytime" being the bitcoin network transaction fee, of course.  The main idea of a payment channel is to group as many microtransactions as possible under one broadcast transaction.  Ending the channel early gives you fewer microtransactions per transaction fee.
In other words, the transaction fee at the end stays constant (that's determined by the bitcoin network).  If you were anticipating 30 days worth of microtransactions but you end it after only 15 days, then with the constant transaction fee you're getting a smaller bang for your buck.
@_date: 2015-06-07 01:44:34
The key to LN is that the person on the other end of your payment channel has payment channels open with others.  LN defines a protocol where transactions can jump through multiple payment channels offline, hence it's being called a "hub and spoke model" (the neat part is it stays trustless while staying off network).
You can have your payment channel with Starbucks Gift Card Processor, and if SGCP has a payment channel with PG&amp;E, LN defines a bunch of automatically executing contracts that can trustlessly transfer some amount of your Starbucks Gift Card balance to PG&amp;E. Because your gift card is actually (time-locked) bitcoin under the hood, PG&amp;E doesn't really care that it's "Starbucks dollars".
No one gets hit with the bitcoin transaction fee until they close out their payment channel.  Thus, PG&amp;E could actually receive thousands of SGCP transactions via their Starbucks Gift Card partner channel while it's open, then pay just a single bitcoin transaction fee when it's time to close it out and broadcast it to the network.
The beauty of LN is they make this happen in a trustless manner -- you don't need to trust Starbucks Gift Card Processor because the core idea behind a payment channel is the worst thing that can happen is your funds are locked (but not spendable) for 30 days (or whatever time period you negotiate).  Thus, in addition to the big red SEND button, your wallet will also have a "if you got cheated, you'll get your money back in 28 days" notification.
For full technical details of HOW this all work, check out the SF bitcoin devs LN presentation: 
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:25:26
Excellent question!
A payment channel between you and Coinbase locks your 10 BTC by putting it into a 2-of-2 multisig address controlled by you and Coinbase.  There are two things that make this work, both relying on the pattern that parties cryptographically sign transactions but just don't broadcast them:
- No risk because before signing your end of the multisig, you get a timelocked release-everything-back-to-me transaction signed by Coinbase.... if everything goes to shit, after 30 days you can sign it, broadcast it, and release everything back to yourself.
- Micropayments are done by you signing and sending cumulative-sent-in-this-channel transactions to Coinbase.  eg lets say you're sending 1 BTC every 3 days, the first day you send coinbase a signed "Sending 1 BTC from our multisig, here's my sig".  Then 3 days later you send coinbase a signed "Sending 2 BTC from our multisig, here's my sig". Then a "Sending 3 BTC from our multisig."   Coinbase throws away the earlier ones, because the later ones are unambiguously better for them. 
Basically they can end the channel at any time by signing their half of the latest microtransaction multisig transfer and broadcasting it, and you can end the channel at the end of the 30 days if they don't cooperate or go under or whatever by signing your timelocked release and broadcasting it.
There are variations to do two-way channels... watch at least the first 10 minutes of the above youtube, they explain it
@_date: 2014-11-10 06:48:00
Coinbase user here.  Should there be a tradeoff between friction and freedom when it comes to API capabilities?  I trust coinbase enough to use it to buy the occasional btc, but it's troubling that a malicious (or improperly secured) oauth token can empty out my account like this.
It's like the old one about outrunning a bear in the woods -- you don't have to be the fastest runner, just faster than the slowest person in the group.  Coinbase's database is probably more secure than average, but if any developer can get full coinbase API access with any off-the-shelf oauth library, well, thats a bit troubling.
This will probably be an unpopular opinion, but is there a place for artificial limits on oauth access?  For example, in my fiat bank account, they limit me to $1k for 30 days the first time I do a transfer to a person.  Something like that for oauth-initiated requests does not strike me as unreasonable.  Or something like delay oauth requests by 30 minutes for first-time API's.  Or limit first-time oauth initiated requests to 5% of your balance.
Is there any monitoring in place for what kinds of API requests are done?  This app should have been automatically suspended (or at least flagged for review) once you saw the first three people that connected it had their accounts emptied.
Are there different tiers of oauth access?  For example, it might be free and frictionless to get check-balance access, but perhaps require some more verification to get transfer-funds API access.  You need good paperwork to get a [top-tier SSL certificate]( -- there's precedence for these kinds of hoops (speaking of which, still waiting for you guys to get an EV certificate).
It's troubling that coinbase gave full transfer API access to an app with a unicode character trick.  At the very least there should be some manual review by coinbase for getting such privileges.
We're trying to invent something new with crypto, unburdened by many of the limitations of what came before.  I get that.  On the other hand, though, it doesn't matter if coinbase is the best-secured fortress in the world if it can all be subverted with a clever unicode name.  In this case, completely frictionless API access is not always in users' best interests.
@_date: 2014-06-23 07:35:13
If the goal of a marketplace is commerce, what about some scheme to incentivize transactions?
No idea if something like this is possible, but could a mechanism be created that autonomously locks the coin for a certain number of transactions then just donates them to whatever address is associated with some future transaction?  Use transaction hashes to add an element of random consensus as to which future transaction's address gets the coins.
An autonomous and sufficiently unpredictable recipient-selection scheme would create a lottery where you can get more of other people's "burns" by participating in more of the marketplace's commerce.  People prove they've given up something of value, but the value gets recycled back into the community via delightfully random bonus prizes. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 15:46:54
I've been toying with the idea of how to use decentralized currencies (or probably contracts) to fund research.  Can't quite figure out the right system of incentives, but here's some pieces and an official solicitation for feedback  ;)
The end goal is to provide a system that helps raise research funds and offer the scientists an alternative form of income.  What if the researchers or scientists created a "personal IPO" of sorts, using colored coins or micro-currencies as tokens analogous to stock in future research or publications.
Subscriptions to a research journal would go towards funding a collective pool that pays out to the stock-tokens every publication cycle.  Thus, the incentive is to own (trade) the stock-tokens of the scientists or researchers you think are most likely to be published.  The researcher could thus sell his stock-tokens based on his reputation to publish and use the profits to fund more research.
Neat thing here is it also creates a new incentive to do peer review.  Rather than a mystery cabal hired by the journal, peer review is now a market operation.  If you think it's a strong paper, you can bet it on.   If you suspect a few inaccuracies that smell like another Reinhart and Rogoff incident, sell sell sell.  If you're on the fence, there's a market pressure for the scientist to release more data (eg to avoid another Reinhart and Rogoff).
Another neat (but probably weak) incentive: imagine owning a piece of Einstein's "stock".  It's just bits, but it's the bits that enabled E=mc2.  Collector's value for when the guy who cures cancer comes along?  Maybe.
Still many problems -- who do you trust to provide the data feed, how do you avoid collusion with the journal (who's the gatekeeper for getting 'published'? could we distribute that in some way?), does the market even have enough participants (some articles are comprehendible by maybe 3 people), do we even want to monetize research in this way (eg any unintended consequences of greater fraud? an Enron of cancer research?), etc. etc.  If anyone has any critiques or wants to shoot down this half-baked idea, I'd love to hear your thoughts.
@_date: 2015-02-12 08:00:33
You guys published this with a rather permissive license -- [
Whats your philosophy regarding forking?  I'm not a lawyer, but there doesn't appear to be anything in the license preventing, say, my fly-by-night consulting shop from using the name on my third-party certification service.  Reputation comes into play of course, but I'm curious what your approach to balancing openness with consistency and credibility is.  
We've all heard the PCI horror stories, but going through the steps signals you at least have the dedication to do some serious in-depth audits and pockets deep enough to be interesting.  Do you want to be like a PCI for bitcoin, or do you have a different take on it?