@_author: flonky2
@_date: 2015-10-03 23:23:43
Well if you want to utilize the bitcoin to get goods,  then anything you pay interest on like a credit card purchase, pay with bitcoin if possible. Find merchants who accept it and patronize therm.   That is if you want to spend it.
There are good things to spend it on though:
The single most reliable investment thing you can obtain, IMO, and that one can purchase using Bitcoin, or any currency, is gold. Pure 99.9%; pure 1 Oz ingots, coins, or collectors items. Gold value fluxuates sometimes, but it will never drop down to zero. Nor will it close its doors, like some banks do. No one can steal it electronically, and if you get a safety deposit box, then you can keep it safe. If you want to add to it every holdiday or ur birthday every once in a while.
  That will add up. Buying gold is more like buying a luxury   item.  I would imagine  most  people don't have extra money sitting around to buy gold.  
Usually we gather cash if we need it, and collect it in a bank... or online... but the temptation is there.. It's real easy to use an ATM or go online and spend bitcoin.
Precious metal will always be able to find a buyer should times get tough and you must liquidate, well you will get max value for what you have. Adding to it slowly,  In no time its a down payment for a house, or  college money, or maybe a car.  
But get it out of bitcoin,! Obviously leave some in  your wallet to play with a little  or to try the investment turnaround things. (that is of they are legit) I would rsk a small amount to try it for fun.., In betting  its natural to see if you can repeat the success... however, its likely it wont repeat, and then you might get sucked in to trying to recover.  abd recovering from the attempt to recover.... 
So again by buying gold, it forces a nice "think about it" break,  and that might mean everything.   
 The  owning of gold is pretty cool, but find a reputable exchange do a little homework There are gold exchanges that take bitcoin as payment. 
 Stay away from jewelry, gemstones are pennies and the quality of the mixed gold varies so you would never get back your money. Buy jewelry because you like it.  
I hope I am not coming off like I think I am a know it all. I certainly am not. In my life I never had much, and what things I did get I put a lot of thought in to the few things I did obtain.  For me Gold worked.  As well as my used car choices. Well only one choice for me...Corvette! Any year.
Gold I was taught would be abe to be sold anywhere. Its true!  So that is easy, you stick it in the bank drawer and forget about it.  Safe , easy, and smart.  
Cars..well most people need one.  New cars depreciate so fast a used car is a better way to get a cool car much cheaper.  Unless you are a gear head kind of person and loves to rebuild , hot rod, or restore, which it might be a  different ball of wax.
  The point is, I always approached cars as a temp investment, , as money in the bank I guess I enjoyed the corvette and I kept it nice. I drove covettes for the last 28 years. There are always corvette enthusiasts in any economy
Corvettes are unique, they have really good handling, they are cool, they are fast, they are cool! They also get great gas mileage too!  Seriously my 8cyl got 28MPG There is something about driving a race car versus a normal sports car. A Nascar driver friend of mine taught me that the Corvette was a Race Car.  But with cars come more expense and so it would require insurance, gas, basic maint. Money goes fast.
So I hope this idea helped. Good luck oh and great job on the win.  A chunck of money like that doesnt come around often or ever for some!