@_author: floofcikins
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:02:51
I know this will come across as bcash fud and please for what it's worth believe me that I'm not shilling for Ver even though I'm on a throwaway.  I just found some old (pre-August 2017) paper wallets that were swiped into exchanges and digital wallets.  Since I wanted to learn how to deal with forks, I installed ElectronCash wallet after reading Electrum txt note and carefully swiped my forked bcash balances into blockchain.info and coinbase.
The transactions took less than a couple of minutes and cost a penny.
Yes, I get that the intentions behind bcash are less than scrupulous.  I read all the posts and know all the fud.  I know upsides/downsides of each fork.  I watch Andreas videos.  I get that bcash doesn't solve scaling, just pushes the can down the road while abusing patents via mining through ASIC Boost.
But this is not the first time a cabal of rich dudes succeeded in promoting an inferior product for their own enrichment.  Definitely something to think about.  I was very impressed with how fast and cheap bcash transactions were.
On a larger note, please look at things for what they are.  I remember when silver spiked to $35 from $15 a few years back, and all the stackers where saying LITERALLY THE SAME THING that goes on in this sub at this very moment.  In the end, silver and gold stayed flat for years and still haven't moved.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:34:03


I don't want to beat this dead horse, but ... friendster/myspace/facebook.  When people got tired of their social site looking like a graffitied overpass in south chicago, they went to a more collegiate-feeling, clean-looking site because it was just better.  People who blindly follow either 1) the next best thing or 2) dogma for the most part end up losing.  Bitcoin right now is all dogma, same as bullion stackers were after the 08 crisis.  BCH is basically asshole jock pirates with money.  In the end, though, those who held onto those pre-fork private keys will end up enjoying whatever will become of bitcoin ... so ... HODL.
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:12:16
When two people get married, they can live in a tiny apartment.  When they have their first kid, they get a bigger place - their first house.  When the second kid comes and the mother-in-law shows up, they get an even bigger house.
The solution is to increase square footage, not make people smaller.  More people means more square footage is needed.  The problem is the balance.  If our couple decides to have 10 kids, it doesn't automatically mean they need to start remodeling an airplane hangar or an abandoned textile mill.  They just need to find some balance and get a 3,100 square foot house in an affordable part of town.
The right scaling solution probably combines both the block increase and the off-chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-23 06:56:15
It's the August bitcoin fork with a bigger block size, meaning their transactions are currently significantly faster and the  fees are negligible.  If I woke up from a coma today and looked at both coins objectively, I would say it's a better coin, but time will tell. 