@_author: flowerbridge
@_date: 2018-06-21 02:53:53
Electricity is free? Would you mind sharing with others how much it costs in USD?
With all the talk of the hyperinflation in Venezuela and the comparisons to World of Warcraft gold, you (by you, I mean a Venezuelan who has a capable computer and internet access) could run bots for gold and sell it.
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:33:19
Glad that you are ok, best of luck to you and your family.
If you any friends who have turned to Runescape gold farming are interested in the WoW economy, feel free to ask.
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:01:51
Since you have internet and crypto capable mining video cards, I assume you can play video games like WoW.
Background info:
Gold farming is something that has occurred in every MMO, and WOW is no exception.  To fight RMT (real money trade), Blizzard created an economic system where WoW gold has a real money / USD equivalent, which fluctuates and has, over time, inflated.   (Feel free to google "wow gold more valuable than venezuela")
People pay Blizzard real money ($20 USD) to acquire a "game token" that let's them get an amount of in-game gold, which gets listed on the in-game auction house.  A different player buying this token with gold can redeem the token for 30 days of game time, which is normally priced at $15 USD a month (less if you subscribe to WoW for longer periods at a time).
The token prices vary server to server, and region to region.  Historically, NA has always had the best exchange rates, and you can see these at websites like 
In terms of bots, they've always existed since WoW has existed.  Unfortunately, the first, last, and only time I've used a bot (that I didn't write myself) was in 2010.   Finding a working bot is going to have to be on your end.  From when I last used it, the subscription service costed like $10 month or something, don't remember.
Bots can do things from collect trade skill materials to killing mobs for loot.
A lot of the bots are undetectable because (I suspect) that they are written in Auto-It.  If you do decide to go this route, make sure you're not botting 24/7 as inhuman behavior makes it more likely to get caught.
In terms of selling gold for actual currency, as I understand, there are currency exchange sites (gold farmer sites) that will buy gold in bulk from private sellers.  This is not something I'm an expert on, and I would make sure that before you attempt to sell some, make sure you don't get scammed.  You would definitely need to research more here.
I have also heard, through in-game voice chat, of guild mates selling gold on the regular to a regular purchaser  This was a very skilled player who has been in top 100 guilds, so I have no reason to not believe him.
There are also ways to make gold outside of botting.  People play the in-game auction house.  There are in-game addons that can help with this, but this is another topic to delve into.
For skilled, high end players, you can "carry" other players traid and dungeon carries.  About a year ago when a token was worth 100-150k, on my server, we charged anywhere from 400k (rich suckers near the start of the expansion) to as low as 150k gold for a dungeon carry.  Divided by a team of 4, that was sometimes as much as 100k gold or even as low as 30k gold for 30 or 60 minutes to complete a dungeon.  
Right now, *carries probably don't earn much gold* if any at all, but at the start of new expansions (one is being released in august), there will be a lot of demand again.  Because there's a new expansion in August, it's very possible to make good amounts of gold due to overwhelming demand for trade skill materials at the start of expansions.  
Bad/casual players also pay skilled, high end guilds to have them carried through raid dungeons.  I'm not an expert on the pricing, as this varies server to server based on supply/demand as well as how late into the expansion it is.
As a last note, botting and cheating is extremely unfair to legit players, and while I don't want to encourage it, I also think your situation in your country is completely fucked and if this is a method of livelihood for you, I wish you the best of luck.
If there any more information I can possibly provide, feel free to ask.
@_date: 2016-05-21 02:56:49
Thanks, appreciate the info. I'll use 6 as a guideline.
These are person to person trades in an extremely sketchy market where people are known to reverse paypal transactions months later, another reason why I am going into BTC.
@_date: 2016-05-21 01:12:40
Seems like it is definitely important for me to have them to pay a decent fee to have it go through several transactions within a short span before I trade over the items.