@_author: flubberfucker
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:48:58
Finally! Somebody who has actually done their research, has presented a very well good argument, somebody who isn't trying to get rich quick, somebody who probably didn't throw their life savings at bitcoin (or take out student loans just to buy), somebody who can accept the truth and can see a downtrend when it's clearly evident. Honestly if you would rather ignore what's happening in china now at least learn how to read charts and patterns, also indicators. I remember a guy made a post in this subreddit indicating that the sell off from the YTD high of bitcoin was chillingly identical to the dot come bubble sell off (if that wasn't enough of a warning sign). Never invest or trade more than you can comfortably afford to lose so you reduce your amount of panic when the price continues to fall.  people got screwed over by one "bull trap". Don't let yourselves be screwed over by this one. The trend is clearly down still and I would hate to see somebody take their own life all because they chose to ignore warning signs like this guy is writing about and just say to themselves: "OH THE MOON! Early Xmas present 60% off derp!!" Also keep in mind you're going up against pros who have been doing this kind of thing for 20+ yrs and people who trade for a living. Who do you think has the upper hand? Exactly. You're not going to get rich quick. Those days are Long gone. Now it's a battle of the wits. "Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing" -WB
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:09:16
Yeahhh.....So sad. The amount of people "investing" in bitcoin on a well defined downtrend is absolutely mind boggling. Have any of you even seen a "chart" before (prior to learning of bitcoin)? Do you know how to spot trends and read indicators? Do you realize that when the media begins to heavily cover a market it's a sign of a last desperate attempt to pump up the market even further before the smart money sells off boatloads of coin (which leads to more media coverage so the same people can sell short the market)? Probably not. You are going up against people who have traded markets for years upon years with much more experience than you'll ever have and people who trade for a living. You need to learn to throw away your emotions and think logically. But it's kind of hard to do that when you don't even know what you're doing and buying all because you saw the market TICK upward briefly, ONCE. As for me I have been shorting the market since $970 and have racked up a major profit. Honestly the people running this show have faster access to information to you, have better tools than you, and have loads more experience than you. You have to be able to outwit these market makers and take the news with a grain of salt. I can tell you most of this subreddit is blind leading the blind. Ill say it again most of this subreddit is blind leading the blind....say all you want but there's a reason the top post of this subreddit right now is suicide prevention. Maybe if we stopped kidding ourselves and better educated ourselves about how markets work and fluctuate then just maybe we could all be making money and living healthier lives instead of being in a state of panic standing over the edge of a bridge. Ps: never invest more than you can comfortably lose.