@_author: fluse84
@_date: 2018-10-21 20:22:32
Agree with the energy consumption but has ever someone made a realistic proof of how many energy it needs to keep the fiat currency system alive? Including all the energy needed to produce and to print that worthless paper besides the electricity spent in banks?
Or the energy consumption of the internet? 
What about that? Even without BTC and PoW we are already violating this world with our increasing demand on energy. 
So better to find solutions of producing this - for all of us - „precious“ energy to put it into things like BTC without crying about that it’s worthless to do so because PoW is one of the safest ways to protect the value of it without trusting some suspicious institutions like banks are...
Think about that before complaining about things that will be integrated in our society sooner or later as the internet and banks are now
@_date: 2018-10-23 12:32:06
Good point with this Zelle System. There are many systems like this in different nations already that have 0 costs for the user but it stays still in the hands of the banks to run or to cut these systems. To much decentralization is not good, as too much centralization is neither. 
We will see what the future brings and what the lazy people are interested in.
But with the energy costs of the fiat system which you researched I would appreciate some links for sources ;)
And further I have some points which I cannot believe are in your calculations included. If they are included in your calculation then heads up:
All the GWh of all banking buildings and institutions worldwide. I barely think that there are real numbers of their consumption available cause it’s hard to track them all. 
2) Further all the energy consumption and fiat printing machines from all nations all over the world from which some are working day and night together with the VISA/MC system and their servers as same as all the devices in the magazines to use these cards day by day? Not to speak of all the service stations and telephones which only consume energy for the customers needs?
3) What energy is needed to run the internet?
4) Are your figures of consumption for one year, or for a day? 
5) The most important point:
No point to complaining about the „useless wasted“ energy when we produce this energy on a renewable way. 
Only a point of complaining when this energy is produced by fossil resources.
Would appreciate to hear about those points, as I found nice to get an answer on my post.
And also cause you see I am a defender of the PoW system as longboats renewable energy is the source of power.
Cause it’s still unhackable because the physics are made like this. 
And I love speculation too but I do believe that crypto is the same speculation today as the invention of the stock exchange was in the beginning of the 20th century.
And so far we know it was a revolution. 
As we know now the could be better revolutions being made in the financial world. A big part of it will be the Blockchain technology and crypto currencies and assets.
 
Cheers 
;)