@_author: fluxdrip
@_date: 2014-01-08 16:06:41
I think we're basically on the same side of this issue. I think it's totally reasonable for bars and restaurants to accept bitcoin. I think bitcoin has some advantages over credit cards - mainly, advantages because bitcoin looks more like cash. I think credit cards have some advantages over bitcoin - among which (and this was the only reason I interjected here to begin with), that credit card transactions reach what many feel to be an acceptable level of risk 10 minutes faster. After 10 minutes, bitcoin is (as you've pointed out) less risky. 
I think that 10 minutes is a much bigger issue for retail establishments - which aren't already providing services in advance - than for service establishments. That said, it is a nice feature of credit cards that apart from literal dine-and-dash scenarios in which no means of payment is exchanged, the risk is reduced to chargeback-and-bank levels while the customer remains at the establishment; I don't know that customers paying with bitcoin would always be willing to hang around until the first confirmation came in. Again, I don't think this is a crippling problem for bitcoin use at bars and restaurants; I think it's a bigger issue at a clothing store.
Finally, and this is not the right place for this, I do have one issue with this kind of discussion, which is that if bitcoin is reduced to purely a payment processing system, it's obviously better than the stupid one we have now involving ACH, IBAN, SWIFT, and credit cards - but it carries a lot of dumb complexity around supply that shouldn't really be needed for simple money transfer if everyone could just agree on new protocols.  That complexity is absolutely necessary for bitcoin as a store of value, however.
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:25:55
As we've already seen, payment systems that enter widespread adoption are incredibly sticky. ACH and SWIFT have been around since the 70s, and credit cards will be extremely hard to unseat globally. There are many payment systems out there right now that on the surface look "good" but they're all confined to within a closed walled entity - Dwolla, Square Cash, and the intrabank systems at most commercial banks all check most of the right boxes are far as cost and simplicity are concerned. They are built as payment transfer systems from the ground up, they have limited complexity, and I trust that they're largely cryptographically sound. I would like to see something like one of these, but created as a consortium of many financial institutions with agreed upon protocols. The transaction fees should be negligible.
I'm open to an independent open project as well, such as something like bitcoin's transaction ledger, but if the system is purely for payment processing and funds transfer I would like for it not to have any "scarcity" or an "exchange rate" or "value" - I would like it to be a dumb messaging protocol between financial institutions, merchants, and individuals. Scarcity and exchange rates are not "bad" but they're complicated and they create weird issues and misunderstandings, and if we're not going to get use out of those parts of the bitcoin network I'd rather not have them lying around as vestiges 30 years from now every time I buy a pack of chewing gum. 
edit: Just to be totally clear: my point is, bitcoin is one of many systems that seem much better than the present widespread transaction processing mechanisms. If we had to pick which one would enter wide adoption, and if bitcoin were not going to become substantially useful for other purposes such as a store of value, I would not choose bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 13:42:44
Payment isn't processed instantly but confirmation is generally made on the spot - the merchant finds out immediately whether you have enough credit for the transaction and informs the processor that the transaction has been made. The issuing bank takes the risk that you won't be able to pay your bill, and you've signed an agreement with them allowing the to chase you for the funds later - so effectively, when you swipe your credit card, you are exposing the merchant to the credit risk of a large bank instead of an unknown individual.
@_date: 2014-01-08 15:38:19
Sure, after 10 minutes bitcoin is less risky for the merchant than a credit card. But credit cards are less risky (and quite low risk) for that first 10 minutes. And a credit card transaction isn't "merely a promise to pay" between the cardholder and the issuer - it's a promise to pay on behalf of the bank, and a complicated agreement between the bank and the cardholder that the merchant is mostly (excepting the risk of fraudulent chargebacks, which is not insubstantial but is small and well understood) indifferent to. This isn't to say there aren't reasons bitcoin is nicer to accept than credit cards - of course there are - but very quick risk reduction isn't one of them.
At restaurants or bars you can imagine systems for dealing with this - for example, the establishment could take an agreed security deposit from you when you sit down, and then settle the difference when you leave. They could also take photo ID. At most restaurants and bars you're physically present in the establishment for more than 10 minutes so they'd know you were approximately money-good earlier than they would have otherwise (though, of course, they could also put a hold on your credit card, and they don't do that now...)
@_date: 2014-01-08 16:17:32
Heh - well, to your first point but in the style of your second, we should all remember that credit cards began as a way to allow for near-instantaneous extension of verified credit, which previously wasn't possible. Many systems that now exist, including debit cards, intra-bank funds transfers systems, etc, solve the payment processing problem more elegantly than credit cards do, but credit cards have hung on for a combination of convenience reasons and pernicious oligopoly. 
And, absolutely, bitcoin's cryptographic achievements are amazing and worth keeping in mind. And should bitcoin evolve to a meaningful store of value akin to precious metals, or should it evolve to an actual transactional currency in which prices or wages are denominated, that scarcity will be essential. When those possibilities are called into question, though, many people fall back on "well it's a great payment processing system also," and I don't like that defense because while it may be better than the status quo, we should want something even better for that comparatively simple purpose.
@_date: 2014-01-08 18:33:03
Through prior contractual agreement among parties? I'm talking about a conventional transaction processing network. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 16:33:32
I am not an expert in the computational requirements here, but it seems likely to me that if many merchants decided to accept "0-conf payments," many people would figure out how to set up double-spending, and further many people would figure out how to make it easy for less knowledgeable people to double-spend. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:49:49
So in this case you are a bank that takes 1 billion in deposits, has also raised 1 billion in equity capital, and makes 1 billion or less in loans? In this case you are a bank and are not practicing fractional reserve banking. However, in this case there is no particular reason for you to have these two things combined in one company, and no reason for you to pay any interest to your depositors. You could have one company that takes 1 billion in deposits and provides banking services and otherwise just sits on the money (in fact, perhaps you would charge your depositors for the convenience of access to ATMs or whatever), and then separately you could raise 1 billion dollars in capital and lend that out to small businesses. You would call the first company a bank, and the second company an investment fund or something. And you would make an agreement with whoever provided you that 1 billion in capital about how much of the returns on the loans you would pocket for managing the money and how much would get returned to them.
The magic of fractional reserve banking, such as it is, is that my grandmother goes and deposits money in the bank, and, in a normal interest rate environment, the bank turns around and loans those very same dollars to small businesses. The bank uses the proceeds on the loans to pay my grandmother interest on her deposits, and everyone walks away happy. Of course the problem with this is that if the small businesses all go bankrupt, the very same deposits that my grandmother made to the bank are now lost, and my grandmother cannot get her money out - hence, first, the need for a certain amount of capital cushion, and second, ultimately, the reason for FDIC deposit insurance.
I am not a tremendous fan of FDIC deposit insurance, but to me the "right" answer is to have an uninsured bank where the depositors know that the bank is lending out their money and that they might lose it, and where they get paid some fixed amount to compensate them for that risk. You could even have several banks with different risk strategies and you could pick among them - but you might lose your money if the bank made risky investments and they defaulted. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:39:31
It's true, everything I said is as true for accepting wages in gold or silver or barrels of oil or any good that has volatile prices in dollars. Bitcoin is only one example of many commodities that are not presently used as currencies. 
I think I understand very well how bitcoin works, though perhaps my language was sloppy. I understand that there is currently no mechanism built into bitcoin that permits it to be pegged to any other price. I think someone smarter than me could design a bitcoin-like system for payment processing that is not a currency with a free floating exchange rate; certainly there are people out there doing this in a centralized way but I suspect it's also feasible to do so in a decentralized way. Bitcoin is not that system. That said, if someone managed to create a dollar-pegged payment processing system that were totally decentralized and had all of the other nice features that bitcoin has, I think it would be enormously valuable and, perhaps you're right, would be even better than Dwolla or PayPal or whoever else.
But, look, my issue with bitcoin is not substantially different than my issue with gold. I think bitcoin is a better medium of exchange than gold. It has an actually mathematically fixed supply, it does not need to be stored in an enormous facility, you do not need guns to keep it secure (though bitcoin is demonstrably not without meaningful security issues as well). But I'm not into a gold standard, and I think using gold as a currency or a medium of exchange is sort of silly. Gold is a rock that has value because it used to be hard to come by shiny things. 
I understand that some people have an absolute mistrust of large institutions, and that for those people trusting that the forces at work manipulating the dollar or any other currency are a source of constant suspicion, and I understand that finding a stable medium of exchange in which to store value that does not involve trusting any centralized institution is appealing to those people. I am not one of those people. 
But bitcoin still involves placing an enormous amount of trust in other people. It is not unregulatable. The US government could not "put a stop to bitcoin trading" in theory, but they could largely impede it in practice. They could stop financial institutions from permitting transfers to the exchanges. They could potentially stop US merchants from accepting it, or they could prevent employment contracts from being denominated in it. I think they're unlikely to do so, but if they did it would be very bad news for bitcoin. And bitcoin involves trusting many other technical parties - the exchanges which centralize trading, the anonymous hacker groups that control mountains of computers and can launch denial of service attacks wherever they feel it's warranted. Bitcoin even involves, right now, trusting every rich person in the world, because any of them purely for pleasure and in some cases for really a not very large sum of money relative to their overall wealth, could cause wildly implausible gyrations in its price. Though you call this "noise", it would nonetheless be very deleterious to your objective of gaining popularity and support. You are trusting all of these people when you invest in the bitcoin universe. You may be fine with trusting these people; you may feel that in some mythical endgame you're trusting fewer of these people. I for one don't particularly think placing my trust with them is much better than placing my trust with the Treasury or the Fed, but that, I think, is what separates me from most bitcoin enthusiasts.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:40:09
who said anything about a centrally mandated leverage ratio? and why couldn't a bank loan out bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:52:23
How is this different from dollars? User transfers bitcoins to bank, bank sends statement back to user showing amount of bitcoins deposited. Bank sends bitcoins to borrower, along with legal document ensuring return of bitcoins except in default. Bank maintains stash of bitcoins less than original deposit amount but sufficient to cover withdraw needs of depositors. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:27:12
What are you talking about? What is "full adoption" and how is the "exchange rate already known" once it becomes "used" as a world currency? Is the yen at "full adoption"? What about the Ukranian Hryvnia?  Does "full adoption" mean everyone in the world is getting paid their primary wage in Bitcoins? Everyone in the US? Everyone in New York City? 
Bitcoin isn't behaving like a currency right now, and it isn't used like a currency. It looks like gold, which is a commodity that some people like to think holds value under certain circumstances. As a convenient way to transfer money, Bitcoin is great - it's cheap to transact. As a standard denomination for setting prices, Bitcoin is TERRIBLE - even places that accept Bitcoin in exchange for goods and services can't denominate those goods and services in Bitcoins, they have to denominate the price in dollars or euros and calculate the 'exchange rate' on the fly. If you actually set the price of anything in Bitcoin, it fluctuates wildly from day to day in any meaningful sense that relates to peoples actual wealth and spending power, and this is a huge problem for actual adoption.
I have no idea what the future looks like for Bitcoin, and Bitcoin has all kinds of very nice properties, but it isn't remotely like a stable currency today, and it isn't just a technology either - it's a scarce commodity with value set purely based on the expectation of future value, and until there's some actual widespread agreement on who will use it and for what purposes there's no reason to think its value will stabilize, and therefore no reason to think it will be adopted in a meaningful way other than, maybe, as a payment mechanism - which is very, very different from a currency. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:02:48
The literal term "bank run" refers to a problem specific to depositary institutions. A "bank run" occurs because a bank has collected, say, $500 million in deposits but only has $100 million of cash on hand. This is almost always true (banks never have, on hand in their vaults, enough money to pay back all their depositors), but normally customers don't care because they believe that the bank has enough cash to satisfy regular demand over time. However, if there's a fear that a bank is going to go bankrupt, many many people may show up at once to withdraw their capital - literally, they run to the bank to take out their money. This is because only the first $100 million will be returned, in theory - after that the bank will go bust and everyone else stands a chance of losing a lot of money depending on the value of the assets left when the bank is liquidated.
However, the term "bank run" is also often used by analogy to refer to a 'rush to exit' when people fear an institution is collapsing and they may not be able to recover their money. The term 'panicked selling' may be more literally appropriate than the term 'bank run' but in practice they're describing, by analogy at least, the same set of circumstances. 
However, for reasons that I don't totally understand the phrase 'fractional reserve banking' has become a popular enemy among bitcoin fans, perhaps because the Federal Reserve Bank is itself structured according to a fractional reserve system. It seems totally plausible - likely in fact! - that if bitcoin ever actual takes off as a currency or medium of exchange (as opposed to a wildly speculative commodity and a useful payment processing system, the latter of which very interesting, the former totally dull and deeply precedented) that banks will pop up to hold bitcoin, and that those banks will follow the fractional reserve banking system. That, it seems to me, would be a HUGE positive for bitcoin as it would allow for people to put unused bitcoins to work for interest and to pool the risk associated with making loans, although it does open bitcoin holders up to the possibility of a more literal bank run. Which might or might not worse than the current panicked selling or overeager buying. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:31:35
Yes! You would be a bank. In fact, you would be "fractional reserve banking." Because you would only have 100mm on hand at any given time, while you have a billion dollars in deposits. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:11:25
We should all continue to be totally clear, though, that even when people are "buying things with Bitcoin," Bitcoin is acting as a payment mechanism, not as a currency. You want to really drive adoption? Denominate your rent in Bitcoin. Accept your income in Bitcoin - not in USD converted to Bitcoin. Would you really be comfortable if you were earning 150 bitcoin over the next year regardless of how the price of Bitcoin moved around, and nothing else? Of course not! As soon as you got Bitcoin you would be converting them to dollars to pay all kinds of fixed contracts like rent and car insurance and to buy things that you need to live like groceries. 
Bitcoin adoption isn't about more and more people accepting it for payment processing. If that were the case, we could do away with this whole 'exchange rate' mess and peg the value of Bitcoin to the dollar or at least some trade-weighted basket. That would still leave a phenomenal payment mechanism - cheap transaction costs, anonymity, the works - but it wouldn't be obviously more revolutionary than Dwolla or PayPal or Square.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:17:56
First of all, the semantic distinction around which system is the source of the current complexity is, well, semantic. The complexity comes from the switch from one system to the other, and it comes not from either system being inherently complex but rather from the fact that the nature of the banking system is pretty deeply entrenched and intertwined with the way our economy works - and to make this change is going to have massive ripple effects. I don't even you disagree with this.
Full reserve banking is obviously not the banking norm anywhere right now and hasn't been the norm in any modern economy. That's more or less a fact. It's not a fact that bothers you, but I think you and other proponents of a change in the banking system will have to do a better job of articulating why. People are generally resistant to this kind of change and full reserve banking represents a switch from a system that is locally friendly to depositors and lenders but that you think causes macroeconomic instability to a system that is locally less appealing to individual actors but, you feel, is likely to be more stable. I think this puts you in a very difficult political position, pragmatically speaking.
You might want to start by taking your battle to the [wikipedia page]( which calls full reserve banking "a hypothetical system," and reiterates over and over again that it is not practiced anywhere and has rarely been practiced in the modern world. The page also asserts that "economists generally believe that the costs of full-reserve banking would outweigh any benefits," a claim that I think is true but you probably disagree with. The page does paint a version of your case based on arguments by Murray Rothbard, a protege of your namesake... Anyway, the wikipedia page will convince far many more people that full reserve banking is an irrelevant fringe concept than will I or anyone else here on reddit.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:23:51
I think it's very hard to say what's "best" in this context. It's true that fractional reserve banking opens up the possibility for bank runs. However, it also makes for a much more efficient allocation of capital: if you took all the money in the world out of "banks" and put it under mattresses instead, that would cause economic crisis as well - there would be no capital for business activities and the economy would badly stagnate.
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:23:27
Regulate the bitcoin exchange! Ban short selling of bitcoin! Mt Gox is too big to fail! We need a centralized authority to protect our vested bitcoin interests! 
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:40:28
Your post responds to a straw man version of mine. I did not call full-reserve banking itself complicated, I said that switching to a full reserve system would have complicated implications. You plainly agree with this, although you think you might ultimately like them. The fact that hundreds of years ago precursors to modern banks in tiny closed economies followed a certain system provides almost no information about how that system would fare today. Full reserve banking is untested in anything vaguely resembling today's global economy, and it does have the potential to cause complicated and difficult to predict side effects.
The other impact of attempting to tie "bitcoin" to "full reserve banking" will be to slow the adoption of bitcoin. They're both controversial and radical departures from the status quo; there are almost certainly many people who would be eagerly interested in a decentralized medium of exchange with trivially easy payment processing who would nonetheless rather not see the switch in the banking system that you're proposing.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:40:49
Let's put the challenge in simpler terms. To create a bank without a fractional reserve system, you have to solve the following problem: You have a box full of my money, that I put there and that I can take out at any time on very short notice. You have a neighbor who wants to borrow the money in the box, say to buy a house. You have to find a way to lend him the money in the box such that the amount of money in the box is never less than the amount I initially put there. You may take money from other people if you like and add it to the box, on whatever terms they're willing to agree to.
"Fractional reserve banking" violates the basic constraint on the box: banks do not have, in their boxes at any given time, anywhere near the amount of money that I and others have put in them, but they're confident they have enough money such that if we don't all show up at once they'll be OK. And we don't all show up at once because we know that even if we did, the FDIC would have our backs and would make sure we could get our money.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:03:11
I don't think you understand what "fractional reserve banking" means. "Fractional reserve banking" means, literally, a bank that accepts deposits and then lends out money, such that at any given time the literal number of dollars in the bank is less than the amount of money that has been deposited there. 
You can have lending without fractional reserve banking - I can have bitcoins and loan them to you - but that lending cannot look like the existing banking system, and for all meaningful purposes it would not be managed by a bank at all.
I think your actual issue is with the fact that The Federal Reserve Bank in particular practices "fractional reserve banking," and not with the concept of fractional reserve banking in general.
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:36:55
Full-reserve banking (which I've referred to affectionately as "mattresses") is a largely untested idea with potentially enormously complicated economic implications. It's hard to object to "trying it out" with something small like the bitcoin economy but I suspect most participants in bitcoin today would be discomfited when they realized they were signing up a for a system truly without interest on their deposits, and should bitcoin ever enter widespread use, a switch to full reserve banking and the corresponding scarcity of credit would represent, to put it mildly, a total paradigm shift in the organization of the economy - it could easily overshadow the actual switch to bitcoin as currency in terms of its economic ripples.
@_date: 2013-06-19 00:47:31
No more difficult to discover than cash businesses, many of which lawfully pay their taxes. Even credit card transactions are only "easy to discover" because they create a paper trail and the IRS audits paper financial statements - presumably, if your business publicly accepts BTC and you get audited by the IRS, they can ask you to report your BTC sales and to demonstrate that you've properly paid taxes on them. While they may not be able to, from looking at the blockhain alone, determine whether you're lying to them, lying is still tax evasion and is still punishable with fines or worse. 
So when the IRS says they're going to 'watch' BTC, I suspect what they mean is not 'we're going to automatically monitor bitcoin transactions;' rather I think what they mean is, 'we're going to start paying extra attention to businesses that appear to transact in bitcoin, to make sure they're properly reporting taxable income and paying taxes.' It wouldn't surprise me if they start to pressure some of the exchanges / brokerages to file proper reports for account holders as well.