@_author: flxstn
@_date: 2016-04-09 15:38:40


Yeah, that's the spirit! :) 


Actually, I also thought about offering consulting work and the disappointment after looking at the available solutions made me create CryptoWoo.  
However, it is real work to provide and maintain such a solution, and I'm not in the fortunate position to work on this project without getting paid. This is why I decided to charge for the (open source) code download and include a license that gives customers access to support and updates for one year. 
So even though customers use open source code for their business there is someone they can contact if something doesn't work. And this fact should outweigh the cost of the license since the plugin is not just some fancy widget but their means to accept payments from customers.  


There haven't been a lot of sales yet. The merchants that bought it are really happy, though. :) I am not absolutely sure what the exact reason is but here are my guesses:
1. People don't know that the plugin exists.  
I am a one-man show with a limited budget, so it's hard to advertise while also providing support, improving the code, answering pre-sales questions, and working in my day job.   
2. People don't understand or don't care about the benefits.  
This is also a communication issue. Even though this place is full of people that have a lot of experience when it comes to these questions, OP's post and some of the comments in this thread are an example that most people are unaware of the consequences of using a payment processor. They also don't read the terms or privacy statements, because if they did they would get an idea what is actually happening in the background.  
3. Benefits don't outweigh the costs for merchants.   
It depends on many factors if it makes sense for a business to handle the payments directly. So I understand that if you are either not aware of the full benefits or underestimate your current situation, the additional effort of accepting the payments directly doesn't seem to be worth it at this point.  
4. It's still too complicated.    
The whole tech still has a long way to go before the overall UX is more intuitive for non-technical people. With great power comes great responsibility. And not everyone wants to take responsibility when he doesn't have to.  
5. You have to pay money to get it.  
As I said, I have to earn money to make a living and I did not sell out to investors. If someone wants me to update the code and answer support tickets he has to pay that license fee. If even that is too much, I'm sorry, you have to go elsewhere.  


I think it makes absolute sense to establish a consultant business around digital currencies and commerce. But you have to flexible enough to adapt to changes in the industry and keep a close eye on your capital burn rate. So if this is the only thing your business has to offer I don't think it would keep you afloat in the short- to medium-term, but it can probably be worthwhile even right now if it's just part of a service portfolio.
Overall, I feel that digital currencies as a way to transfer value between individuals will work out in some form; and that evolution will only take place if we push things forward and try to make the most of the tools that are currently available.  
Let me know when you start your consulting business! I'm happy to give you a discount on the licenses if you're setting up clients with my plugin. 
 
@_date: 2016-04-09 15:40:41
Yes, I agree that most merchants rely on payment processors to avoid the additional effort of dealing with digital currencies themselves. So for a merchant to accept the coins directly there must be an incentive that makes it worthwhile.
On the other hand, doing commerce in currencies that can't be used to pay your taxes is not that difficult. I, for example, am based in Germany. So even though my expenses and revenue are denominated mostly in US Dollar and Bitcoin, I am required to declare my income and owe taxes denominated in Euro. In the end there is no real difference for me in which currency I am doing commerce in as long as I make sure to record the corresponding value in Euro. It is indeed another administrative thing to handle, but for me it's already part of my daily business, regardless if I am getting paid in US Dollar, seashells, land titles, or Bitcoin.
It depends on many internal and external factors if it makes sense for a business, but for me, the benefits of accepting coins myself and denominating my products in US Dollar outweigh the additional administrative cost. And while I absolutely agree that this is not the case for everyone, I am damn sure that there is a growing number of people for which it is.
@_date: 2016-08-08 10:25:41
Cool project. It is easy to install and seems pretty simple to use.
I had a quick look at the code and there are some issues you should fix before you recommend it to your viewers:  
* You should not store private keys on the webserver. Apart from the fact that every order requires another transaction fee before the coins are secured, in my opinion putting the burden on the user to sweep the coins to cold storage multiple times a day is not a good solution. As another commenter already said, look into BIP32 and BIP44. There's a reason why "[unsecure money receiver]( is an explicit use case of the concept. 
* You should not send private keys and payment addresses to Google's API. Consider me paranoid, but I think it's bad for privacy if you use it with addresses and I would say it is gross negligence in terms of security if you use it to encode private keys. There are several open source libraries that let you create QR codes without 3rd party APIs. Look into how paper wallet generators are doing it.
* There is no fallback for blockchain.info's API. This means not only the shop will be unable to process payments if blockchain.info is down, but also that blockchain.info can shut down the shop by denying any requests from the shop's server.  
Disclosure: I am the creator of [CryptoWoo]( which allows you to accept bitcoin and altcoins in WooCommerce webshops. Payments can be set up to go straight into your cold storage HD wallet, it supports multiple authenticated and unauthenticated API providers in addition to the possibility of connecting to the merchant's own private blockexplorer that only the merchant has control over.
Edit: a wrod
@_date: 2016-04-08 10:50:12
While paying with breadwallet instead of an online wallet or credit cards is potentially improving your privacy you're still losing it if the merchant uses a payment processor. These providers are a central point where a lot of activity is recorded. 
 
Not only do they connect bitcoin addresses to the merchant and at minimum the email address of the customer, but they also collect data when a customer visits the processor's website during the checkout process.  
If you want to use bitcoin in a more private way you should make sure you only buy in stores that handle the payments themselves and do not involve other parties that (are legally required to) analyze and store your data for a long period of time.  
At least for me, this whole thing is about removing uneeded parties from the process, not switching out one middleman against another. Don't get me wrong, I think these services are a really nice gateway to get merchants used to the concept but it should ultimately come to the point where it's time for merchants to evolve and lose these crutches.  
This is why I created [CryptoWoo]( a payment plugin for WooCommerce that lets merchants accept payments on their own website, directly to their own HD wallet. To find out if an address has received a payment, merchants can select between different public API services or connect to a private block explorer. This way we have a much more direct connection between the customer and the merchant with better privacy, security, and flexibility.
@_date: 2016-04-08 11:21:41


Sadly, I have to agree. I feel like the question is if they should care more. It should become increasingly obvious to people that these small pieces of information are pieces of a large puzzle that gives a much more complete picture. And I think even "legitimate users hat have nothing to hide" would be uncomfortable with someone else having access to this much information about them. But they don't yet care enough to look at it.
 


Absolutely, it's a matter of priorities and business ethics.


Indeed. It's only for WooCommerce merchants that put their own and their customers' privacy and security over streamlining their business.
@_date: 2019-03-30 17:15:17


Correct, segwit is fully supported. Regardless if xpub, ypub or zpub - CryptoWoo is compatible with all major hardware and software HD wallets in each of their legacy and segwit modes. After adding your extended public key the plugin will display a bunch of addresses that you can compare with your wallet client to make sure it uses the correct derivation path.


~~I agree, and it's great to see this feature become more popular. For a long time this was different but merchants are finally realizing the disadvantages of third party dependencies and are more willing to run their own infrastructure.~~
EDIT: Sorry, I misread your comment. I actually think it's important and I really hope it becomes more popular for merchants to run their own infrastructure. The Electrum daemon support would be a step in that direction as it could run on a small VPS next to the webserver and in my opinion the merchant would already be better off with a random Electrum server than trusting a blockexplorer API.
@_date: 2019-03-31 01:30:48
Sorry I can't give you a date yet but it's definitely planned. 
Electrum will be one option after their implementation is ready:  
@_date: 2016-06-01 07:40:56
If you really want to accept bitcoin you should look for a better solution than relying on centralized providers.  
These providers are basically the same as PayPal but with bitcoin. They take your and your customers' data, may hold your money hostage until you send some documents and answer intrusive questions and to top it off, if something goes wrong during checkout they are the ones that have to resolve it because you as the merchant have no idea if the customer paid until the providers tells you. Search for some of the horror stories where customers are bounced back and forth between the payment processor and the merchant just because their transaction got confirmed after the invoice expired. All in all it's a bad experience for you and your customers most of the time.
If you want a better solution, check out CryptoWoo. It's a plugin for the shopping platform WooCommerce that lets you accept the coins on your own site to your own wallet and nobody is able to interfere with it. Check it out and let me know if you have any questions (I am the creator).
@_date: 2016-06-02 10:49:38
Maybe you're interested to contribute to [CryptoWoo]( It's a WordPress plugin that acts as a payment gateway for WooCommerce. It offers several ways to process payments for digital currencies and enables merchants to make an individual choice between risk and effort.  
The main plugin uses Block.io's wallet service, but there's also an add-on that lets the merchant receive payments to his own HD wallet. The merchant can choose between several block explorer APIs or connect to a private Insight API instance to process the payments. I also am working on support for Electrum's daemon but didn't plan to support plain bitcoind. However, it would fit in quite well and it would be cool if you'd like to work on it. 
The code is open source but I am selling licenses that give access to the download as well as updates and support, so it lives in a private repository. Have a look at [the demo]( and feel free to ask any questions!
@_date: 2019-03-30 15:44:14
Hi, creator of CryptoWoo here. We do not have the ability to monitor your transactions.
It's basically the same concept as the unmaintained bitcoinway plugin but with a lot more features and flexibility. 
The plugin only connects to our servers to check for updates. The payment addresses are derived from your own extended public key that you save in the plugin settings on your server. The transaction lookup is done via blockexplorer APIs. At the moment you can choose between [blockcypher.com]( [smartbit.com.au]( [chain.so]( and [block.io]( 
As correctly pointed out, you need the HD Wallet Add-on in order to receive payments directly to your own HD wallet. If you don't use the add-on, you need an account at [Block.io]( and receive payments to their web wallet service. [Block.io]( is a nice way to get started quickly but it's highly recommended to use the HD Wallet Add-on.
So CryptoWoo fulfills almost all your conditions except that currently there is no support for connecting directly to your own BTC node. However, we are working on an integration with the daemon of the Electrum client, basically implementing the merchant functionality described in the Electrum docs: [ Together with Electrumx or Electrum Personal Server you will then be able to use your own BTC node. 
@_date: 2016-06-01 11:55:09
[WooCommerce]( is an e-commerce plugin for [WordPress]( Both are free, open source, and have large communities where you can find answers to basically every question. 
WordPress and WooCommerce aren't compatible with Wix. Depending on the number of products and sales volume you would need a shared hosting plan or a VPS for a WooCommerce store. On the upside WooCommerce offers a lot more options to create a unique looking site with a better user experience in comparison to Wix. 
@_date: 2016-06-08 08:22:24
I was there and I clearly remember reading about it on the internet
@_date: 2016-06-01 11:18:20
Nope, I don't know of any other plugins for popular e-commerce platforms that offer the same level of control and configuration options as CryptoWoo.  
I find it a bit weird that most of the currently available solutions are merely about switching to a different middleman but I guess people have to make compromises if they want that sweet sweet VC funding...
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:14:55
Yes, if you want to accept Litecoin or Dogecoin directly you need a wallet for it. There are multi-currency wallets like Coinomi that make this a little easier.  
However, if you want to let your customers pay with over 30 other cryptocurrencies but rather receive the payment in bitcoin you can also use the shapeshift integration. CryptoWoo allows you to accept all coins supported by shapeshift.io and have them automatically exchanged to bitcoin.  
Accepting USD is not supported.
@_date: 2017-01-19 10:15:55
Which plugin are you using to handle the membership subscriptions? There are extensions for WooCommerce that let you create monthly invoices for manual renewal of memberships. Basically, the user receives an email with a link to the WooCommerce checkout page where he can choose a payment method and place the order to renew his subscription.
I am the creator of [CryptoWoo]( which acts as a payment method for WooCommerce and lets you accept the payments without a payment processor. It's a paid plugin but I am responding to support tickets within around 4 hours and am actively maintaining the code. 
CryptoWoo generates a new address for each WooCommerce order and completes the order when the payment has been received. With the CryptoWoo HD wallet add-on, the payments will go directly to your own HD wallet (think: Electrum, Mycelium, Trezor, etc.). If you use CryptoWoo without the HD wallet add-on, you will need a Block.io account to receive the payments.
Feel free to play with the [demo store]( and ask me anything. Note that this demo only showcases the CryptoWoo checkout experience but not the WooCommerce subscriptions part.
@_date: 2016-06-11 20:14:20
[CryptoWoo]( a cryptocurrency payment plugin for WooCommerce
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:44:57
No, I'm sorry, at this point there is no free version. You can see the frontend process in the public [demo store]( The store also accepts testnet bitcoin so you can even pay for the order. Find a link to a testnet faucet on the payment page.
I can also give you access to a test installation where you can freely play around with everything. Let me know and I'll PM you the login details.
@_date: 2017-01-26 00:22:37
Yes, there's a 10% discount on all purchases with the coupon code REDDIT.
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:08:09
Yes, there is. Use the code "reddit" during checkout to claim it.
@_date: 2017-01-25 18:46:12
If you want a plugin that is actively maintained and has a lot more features you should check out [CryptoWoo](  
The main plugin uses Block.io's wallet service, but there's also an add-on that lets you receive payments to your own HD wallet. With the next update, the HD wallet add-on will also support 2-of-3 multisignature wallets. 
You can choose between several block explorer APIs or connect to a private Insight API instance to process the payments. I'm also working on support for Electrum's daemon, but that feature is not ready for release yet.  
The main differences to the bitcoinway plugin - apart from way more features - are that I am actively maintaining the code and have an average support ticket response time of about 4 hours.  
With bitcoinway you are basically on your own if you find a bug or have any other issue.  
Check out the demo at  and feel free to ask if you have any questions!  
Disclosure: I am the creator of CryptoWoo
Edit: fixed link
@_date: 2016-06-02 16:24:44
Great! Following up via PM.
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:17:05
You can use 
@_date: 2017-08-20 10:46:26
Check out [CryptoWoo]( It has a lot more features than the plugin you've been using and with the HD wallet add-on you can keep using Electrum just as before.  
Disclosure: I am the creator of CryptoWoo
@_date: 2016-09-21 19:45:47
If you are okay with using WooCommerce you should check out my project [CryptoWoo]( It is around for almost two years, publicly available since december 2015. In combination with the CryptoWoo HD wallet add-on it can do exactly what you want, maybe even a bit more. I am actively maintaining it and the licenses I'm selling also include support. 
Have a look at the [demo store]( and feel free to ask if you have any questions!
@_date: 2018-03-18 09:08:17


No, that is not true. Merchants don't have to give us their xpub, they add it to their plugin settings on their own site. 
Everything happens on the merchant's server and we don't receive information about payment addresses, customers, or orders.  
The only connection between our server and the merchant's server is to check if a new version of the plugin exists and to download the updates. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 00:40:06
Thanks and keep up the good work! 
@_date: 2018-03-18 01:18:03
Thanks for including CryptoWoo in your list. However, it seems you misunderstood some elements and misrepresent a core feature: 


Where did you get that? CryptoWoo does NOT use a central server for transaction lookup. We are NOT able to monitor your transactions or payment addresses.  
The merchant can choose between several public block explorers or run his own Insight API instance.  
Thanks in advance for correcting your list. Feel free to get back to me with any questions or concerns. 
Disclosure: I am the creator of CryptoWoo.
@_date: 2015-09-30 08:04:44
On average every 10 minutes.
@_date: 2015-09-26 14:18:29
It's a plugin for WooCommerce:    
The repo is still private but I'm happy to give you access if you want to take a look.
@_date: 2015-09-26 08:55:39
Actually, I am working on an open source merchant app without AML, KYC, blacklisting, data collection, and only a bare minimum of third party influence (access to blockchain data via API).  
The biggest problem is indeed funding, or, even better, finding people that volunteer to review, test, and give feedback. In my opinion it's not that much to ask in contrast to writing the code in the first place, and anybody lamenting about any issues better shut up if he didn't try to contribute to any of the promising but underfunded projects.   
To me it seems most people can only be bothered if they receive fully functional code with a ton of features at no cost (not even time) but aren't really interested in participating in the process of creating it.
@_date: 2015-11-09 14:22:19
thanks! i'm running an OP_RETURN script from 195.154.173.26. when will you start mining larger blocks and catch up with the backlog?
@_date: 2015-11-09 11:50:39
can I have some, too? mjDNiEvCizsqSwTUD3psSRXt2Fkttmktyy
@_date: 2015-11-09 15:30:52
yup, it looks like I'm on the &gt;1MB fork. congrats! :) I also just restarted the node. I still have ~7 BTC left - should I continue to send transactions or do you want to start clearing the backlog?
@_date: 2016-05-15 22:38:00
You can remove the fields from the WooCommerce checkout page by adding a code snippet to your theme's functions.php file:   
Not sure if this is what you mean, though. Which payment plugin are you using? 
@_date: 2016-05-15 23:16:23
I think you should be fine with WooCommerce. I'm the author of the CryptoWoo plugin. It's for WooCommerce, too, and works similar to the plugin you're using - with the difference that it has a lot more features and is more reliable.  
I'm on mobile right now and it's late here but if you can't figure out what to do with the tutorial let me know and I'll send you the snippet tomorrow.  
@_date: 2016-07-28 09:18:34
The message has to be crafted before the attacker knows which addresses will sign it, correct? So an attacker would have to target specific outputs and publish lots of messages for users to sign hoping that a user signs with a private key that matches the targeted output? 
@_date: 2016-07-27 21:07:49
So shouldn't the actual criticism be that they are re-using that address at all? I guess it may be for verification purposes, but couldn't they just mine each block to a new address in a hd wallet and publish the extended public key?
@_date: 2016-07-27 20:06:15
But they are obviously reusing that address over and over anyways - how does signing a message instead of a transaction make a difference?
@_date: 2016-07-24 18:31:13
If you are okay with using WordPress and WooCommerce you should check out my project [CryptoWoo]( The main plugin uses Block.io's wallet service, but there's also an add-on that lets you receive payments to your own HD wallet.  
You can choose between several block explorer APIs or connect to a private Insight API instance to process the payments. I'm also working on support for Electrum's daemon, but that feature is not ready for release yet.  
The main differences to the bitcoinway plugin - apart from way more options and altcoin support - are that I am actively maintaining the code and have an average support ticket response time below 12 hours (depending on your timezone), whereas with bitcoinway you are basically on your own if you find a bug or have any other issue.  
Check out the demo at  and feel free to ask if you have any questions! 
Edit: more info 
@_date: 2016-07-25 08:29:59
Unfortunately I don't have the manpower to maintain the code for multiple e-commerce platforms, so for now I'm focussing to provide a superior experience on WooCommerce.
@_date: 2016-07-27 21:32:46


I read this again and now I'm not sure if I understood it correct: Wouldn't bitcoinocracy need to know the outputs to craft a transaction that collides with the message the user is about to sign? And since the message is the actual statement the user wants to sign - how could bitcoinocracy change it arbitrarily?