@_author: fmman3
@_date: 2014-01-16 22:27:53
Telling people you have an idea and having nothing at all to show for it, is a ridiculous idea.
What do you have to show to anybody that you know what you're doing. Where have you demonstrated that you have what it takes to run this sort of project, and overcome the problems you'll inevitably face without just having a tantrum and giving up?
What you're doing is akin to me walking out of my house now, going down to the local News networks and saying, "Listen up, I have an idea, and it's going to be *big*! I'm going to go into space. I'm going to build a rocket, I'm going to build a platform in which to launch from, I'm going to build all the life support systems needed, provide all the training, and then launch... You definitely should start telling people about me, I'm destined for big... What? What's that? Oh, no... I have nothing to show that I can actually pull this off, I have no way of proving that I have what it takes?... But surely I don't need to... all I need is news coverage so I can get people to do it all for me!"
Yeah, that would be stupid wouldn't it? 
Sorry to put it so bluntly, but you're going to fail.
That being said, don't even think of *announcing* it, until you have *it* at least partially done, and then maybe people will see that you're not blowing air out your ass and expecting us to all inhale it. You've got to follow through, dump the entire steaming pile of product in front of people. Not do this whole, "I have a dream" bullshit that seems so prominent lately. Bitvid, Bitcloud, Bittwat, Bitdick... We have far too many **ideas** and not much to show for it.
@_date: 2016-05-02 16:55:12
I'm trying to drum up controversy, by agreeing with the overall sentiment, but also pointing out that calling somebody a fraud is by itself denying what that person is stating, thus bollockizing your "no one is denying it" claim? Okay buddy.
basically convinced me this guy is a total skunk, but if you want to just throw ad-homs about, with some "us vs them" level conspiritard shit thrown in, be my guest.
@_date: 2016-05-02 14:31:25
To be fair, calling this Craig bloke a liar and a fraud is pretty much denying it. "He's a fraud," "He's a liar," is a pretty loud and vocal tune of many I see in this subreddit at the moment.
I'm skeptical of this guy, because in [this video]( he's talking along the lines of... "I don't want money, I don't want fame, I just want to be left alone!" ... Then why the fuck come out and say you're Satoshi if that's all you want? I think that alone puts a big red flag on his claims, but I wouldn't go so far as to call him a fraud or a liar just yet.