@_author: fnxtx
@_date: 2014-11-20 05:45:33
Anyone from here? So far it's just been from my tweeps, you guys are slacking ;) 
(or all tipped out)
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:34:15
Exactly this. Is why, if you'll notice, even among those of us who used to appreciate some of the meaningful discussions emanating from r/buttcoin, we are now just using Buttcoiner as a slur for nonsense-naysayers who just troll BCT etc as if it were a chan-vs-chan thing. This is what my downvoters seem to have missed, which you picked up on (presumably by actually being literate). Even OP seems to have missed everything else I wrote and interpreted the use of "buttcoiner" as an anti-bitcoin post. No, my post was making fun of buttcoinfags.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:52:56
Maybe. I'm having a crappy day and work solo so I have no one to take it out on but reddit. Buttcoinfags seem a worthy (worthless) target.
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:17:23
25% of the taxes are spent as interest payment to the Federal Reserve. The rest of it "goes to things" like the military, another 25%, but because we are in debt and have been for many years, that money is also the Fed's. It's floating around because it loaned it to us. Any year the debt doesn't contract, the new money comes from an addition to the existing loan from the Fed. And, also, even if we are paying down the debt, we have ultimately no control over whether the Fed chooses to dilute M0 or even MB, which we have zero clue officially what that figure is.
@_date: 2014-06-26 06:30:41
The real ones are. Note that anarchy and anarchism are sometimes slightly different connotations. English is troublesome in this way. More words than any other, but nearly all amorphous. 
A proper anarchist just wants voluntary interaction. We recently have been calling ourselves voluntaryists to differentiate. I also use "zen anarchist" to force the question. 
If you're wondering how voluntary itemized taxation might be incentivized, think Sims-like overlays on everyone's google contact lens and a Japanese-like sense of public shame for being a shitty person. This works for everything from murder to contributing to the infrastructural upkeep. 
Be a shitty enough person, and you'll find yourself starving because no one will feed you or sell you anything. The survival outcome there is to band together with other outcasts and make Australia 2.0. In time you rebuild your reputation. 
This is of course a broad overview so I'm sure it will attract a great many trolls to try and pick about corner cases but that's the gist. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 04:37:41
It's a genuine film school 101 tactic for de-emphasizing the speaker's importance or credibility. It was clearly done in the booth because he was following the same cues the newscasters were (there's an indicator for which camera is intended to be looked at) and when he'd transition correctly, the cam switches. Lol bloomberg. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:07:06
1. Anytime anyone has the opportunity to buy dollars at the higher rate, *do it*. Then if possible put them into BTC.
2. Do *not* save anything as VEF. I know the rate sucks, but anything you don't need for bills and shit -- i.e. anything you're *saving* -- exchange for BTC. When you need it, exchange it back. Unless you're pushing it too hard (exchanging after payday and then back a few days later to pay rent or whatever) you will only come out ahead or neutral, by the direction and speed the VEF  / BTC pair is moving. Every day you hold onto a Bolivar you don't need, you're pissing money away.
3. Everyone should be looking for things they can do for work online, if you can code or web design or whatever. If you can get paid *directly* in $ and convert that to BTC (better yet, contract work paid straight up in BTC) you will have the most effective end-run around the government's currency control. This is the closest mechanism for "cheating" the system. In country, a job that pays X in VEF, you will notice is worth ~16X elsewhere. So coders, get hot, and work from remote.
There's shit-tons of free online classes at MIT OCW, Coursera, etc. Teach yourself something that you can do remotely and bust your ass, and pull in "a fair wage" in USD-equivalent, getting paid 10x, 12x, etc vs the official government rate. Then keep that shit in BTC!
I say "you" and I don't mean YOU specifically, of course. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 16:04:15
Hoping to get response; have chatted w/ Mr. Wales a few times. Wouldn't hurt to reply with other thoughts &amp; get it noticed:
This is counter to wikipedia's mission. If there's a ru.wikipedia etc, and there is, it's really wacky to disallow them to donate. The financial censorship over this Putin/Obama dick-measuring contest is bad enough, but Wikipedia's nonprofit and just information. If they can't donate, that sends the message that Wikipedia isn't neutral*. 
(Inb4 argument on that point. I speak only for myself and how I would see this, which I believe to be reasonable enough that I would be far from alone in my interpretation. This is not to say that plenty of you will not feel I'm totally wrong, and as this is reddit, I'm sure you'll loudly tell me so. Anyway, **I** would interpret this as an indication that Wikipedia was not neutral after all, despite claims, if Wikipedia were Russian-based and I was blocked from donating. I'd then begin questioning what else is blocked. Are edits fucked with? Is the information biased? Especially in the case of Bitcoin, because it literally is just 1s and 0s, information. If information is being fucked with, I'm immediately going to trust Wikipedia less.
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:24:16
Very seasoned, thx for staying around and being cool. For those who don't know, lifeboatz is one of the older hats around. I remember him from BCT back in 2011 at least. 
I've got mixed feelings about different devs, but anyway even Peter was on here yesterday saying his consulting isn't an endorsement and that he can't know that much until he works on a problem anyway (naturally). 
@_date: 2014-08-31 23:57:11
I don't think I've ever heard terminal sounds in names devoiced. Maybe unvoiced a *little* in the construct that includes an honorific, like in a "Satoshi-sannnn" if you're calling out to him, but not likely when speaking *of* him.
@_date: 2014-08-06 09:39:49
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:03:29
Now *that's* funny. This is getting framed. I like Reddit today.
What do you think linguistics is, exactly?
@_date: 2014-07-25 06:49:05
Idk. The whole thing had awkward angles, intercut with correct angles of the two anchors who were there via video call. The awkward angles weren't limited to Tony speaking. They also applied to the sorta-anti-BTC guy next to him. Bloomberg's history makes it a harder call, but overall Hanlon's Razor makes me lean toward "incompetence" as the answer. And probably a peppering of bias, because if it were a guest who it was important politically (for Bloomberg I mean) to portray well, the incompetence wouldn't have gone unnoticed, but yeah, probably that's the extent of it. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 05:13:37


Clearly. And you're free to debate and discuss, but stop trying to *enforce* your views on others. One wonders how much of a voluntaryist you truly are.
@_date: 2014-08-25 21:39:29
True. And it was crony capitalism in the first place that prevented competition from disincentivizing such monopolistic practices. So, yes, the irony is not lost on me, using big gov to "solve" a problem *originally enabled* in part by big gov. 
That's why, to me, playing outside the system entirely seems the logical answer. 
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:14:35
Congratulations, you're incorrect about both Japanese *and* English. Nicely done.
Japanese is characterized by its lack of stressed and unstressed syllables. It is a mora-timed language. Often one of the first things an English-speaker is told, when learning Japanese, is something like: To sound less American, fight the inclination to add a pattern to the words, and deliberately de-stress all syllables.
American says: 
TOE-kee-oh. Suh-TOE-shee. KEH-ree-OH-kee.
Japanese says:
 
to / u / kyo / u
sa / to / shi
ka / ra / o / ke
Which to an American might be transcribed as toe-kyoe, sah-toe-shee, kah-rah-oh-kay. That'd still be wrong on all counts, but it's closer. In particular, an English speaker will add an e-i vowel glide to the "kay" inevitably, but transcribing "keh" would also be a bit off. Meh.
A good summary of the "general rules" for English syllable accents can be found here: 
edit: fighting with reddit, which wanted to do this: to@_date: 2014-07-20 10:44:00
Using Bitpay is somewhat better for the community (not a lot of ppl give a shit or even understand why, in the mainstream of Bitcoin, though), because of how Coinbase handles external transactions. Also, Bitpay is more cost-competitive for merchants.
BTW, the "first $1M is free" bit at Coinbase is a lie. Or a gross misrepresentation. If you go to cash out your BTC, they will still hit you with the 1% + $0.15 fee. There's "0%" on inbound $-denominated transactions (meaning they auto-convert out into your bank) on the first $1M, which might sound attractive to a food truck, but if you look at the Coinbase spot rate for their $/BTC inbound vs. Bitpay's, you see they're still making that money. 
Coinbase ACHs (how they deposit USD to you) take "up to a week" which is odd, since the longest ACH type is a 48 - 72 business hour window. This is troublesome for a cashflow-constrained business where things are sold and supplies must be pre-bought to replenish sold goods. Bitpay rolls out their ACHs nightly, with no unpredictable mysteries.
Yes, I dislike Coinbase. They are dishonest in literally all aspects of their business model. I'm sure we're now going to be deafened by tales of people who've never had problems, and many people don't have problems, etc, which is true, and reminiscent of the response of Statists to videos of police abuse (it's untrue or so uncommon as to be disregarded as anomalous; the victim probably fucked up somehow; etc).
@_date: 2014-08-22 15:09:40
Really glad to hear this, Charlie. Feel like I've been screaming into the wind for months. This is/was my primary criticism for Coinbase. I have others but they're less severe for the ecosystem and are basically "on the tin". This issue always struck me as being deliberately exploitative, to Balkanize the space and disincentive merchants from using, say, Bitpay. Which is quite clever, though not so nice.
Tbh, I'd have more praise if this had been done before Bitpay moved to their 100% freemium model, as I know you're bleeding to them some now, but anyway I'm just glad it's happening either way. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 05:43:27
Both explanations for why they still don't like Bitcoin, are not great. 
Being unaware of the state of its success and legitimacy as a small tech company is mockable, but tolerable. You wouldn't expect every small tech-ish company to know about it beyond whatever Bloomberg et al report.
But if you're a security- and cryptography-oriented organization, you don't really care if it's going to replace the dollar or something -- that's not required for its utility. It's plenty big enough already to achieve the original privacy / decentralization goals. Frankly, *being capable in cryptography and security* is a mutually-exclusive state of existence with *being dismissive of blockchain-based currency*. As of summer 2014, I'd be slightly suspicious of anyone in infosec that isn't fully aware of bitcoin, and also keeping up with developments in privacy-focused alts like Dark and Zero, and to know about unSystem and their exploits, at least broadly. 
Seriously, if you're in infosec and you don't follow Matt Green and plenty of other folks, all of which are way beyond the Satoshi paper in their research and thinking, you are a fraud. Perhaps unintentionally, but still a fraud. This is roughly analogous to a physicist being unaware that we found the Higgs. WTF are you doing if you haven't read about this yet?
It sounds overly simplistic, but truly, being five years behind in crypto -- because the implications of the blockchain of Satoshi's whitepaper aren't really debated, in crypto circles; all that's debated is how niche blockchain currency will be long-term -- does not give me warm fuzzies. Either they're incompetent, thus calling into question the authenticity of the advertised utility of pfSense, or they're cooperating with the surveillance state, thus invalidating the advertised utility of pfSense.
Seriously. This single incident is enough to keep me from using pfSense. There is no Occam's-compatible explanation that I am comfortable with. I understand this may sound like an extreme reaction, depending on the circles you run with, but infosec guys will be with me on this.
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:37:08
Coinbase-to-Coinbase is streamlined and handled internally as "bitcoin IOUs". Just a big pool of money and Coinbase tracks who owns what amount of it. None of it happens on the Bitcoin blockchain itself. There's a lot of problems with this, but if you're just into Bitcoin as a cool Paypal alternative, you won't care much about all the reasons Coinbase is "evil". 
I'd give you the Gox argument or other reasons why you should never give control of your coins away, but in the end if you aren't ever holding BTC on Coinbase and just using the payment processor functions, it is comparable with Bitpay for you. (Really, Bitpay still works out such that you keep more money, but it isn't by a shit-ton.)
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:59:18
Your money is fine as long as you have the key, and in fact if you have the address (which you do) you can paste and search for it at somewhere like blocktrail or blockchaininfo. You'll see the coin.
Last time I used Armory it wasn't cool with alt directories, but seems perhaps that's fixed now:
Presumably its the same flag on OS X.
@_date: 2014-11-20 04:35:05
Below that tweet I said it's from me to the Charity c/o him. I also sent some to the charity. I wanted both to have a shot at seeing the functionality of ChangeTip.
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:22:04
Anything I could tell you will be a paraphrase of what I've read over the years, literally *all* of which is documented thoroughly on the Bitcoin wiki. So it will be most useful only to un-confuse you on something you read. Like above.
The EC is what causes that FFFF FFFF .... 4141 number to be the highest-value valid private key. Under it (or inclusive of it, I think, actually) there is a corresponding point (Y) on the curve (these are just X and Y values, btw) for all private keys (X). After that number, it's out of bounds of the curve selected. 
Also, btw, all zeroes is actually invalid, but not because of the curve exactly, but because of the way Bitcoin uses it. Little trivia for you. It's a special sort of invalid: You can get a public address out of it but it's unspendable. Yep, crazy. All the ones above that big number are srsly invalid, as in there is no Y for those Xes. 
Generating the Y from any given X is "instant". It's a known operation. If you know X (and you know the curve, which we do) you can calculate Y. But, knowing Y and the curve gives us nothing: It's brute force. To find an X for an arbitrary Y, there is no known trick. You just have to start guessing random Xes and hope you find the right one. NOTHING that can narrow your search just by knowing the Y. Given what you understand about how vast the valid space of Xes is, you now understand where the security comes from. You could guess keys on a supercomputer for millennia (at current tech levels) and you're still more likely to spontaneously combust or something.
@_date: 2014-07-29 07:28:03
Also, go nuts and be an entrepreneur, unfettered by normal border issues. In the US we engineer stuff but outsource all over the place. Little reason you can't design a nifty widget from VZ, contract some manufacturing from wherever it makes sense, and sell it in real-world prices.
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:51:29
It is exactly what they need. Just remember, it cannot restore the value that has already been stolen; it can only protect it from being stolen further. Spring 2013, the black market rate was right around 8 or 9x. At the time that was higher than ever; and it is higher still now, though it's "illegal" to talk about the parallel rate in VZ. You're saying 16x. That is probably about right. So exchanging for $ (or better yet, BTC, since dollars inflate at ~4 - 7% in purchasing power) just one year ago would have netted you twice the $, and you'd have retained *all* that value even though the new rate is 16x. 
During that time, the government rate hasn't moved -- they just make it progressively more and more difficult to get $ at their "special price". This is because quite literally they don't have many $, and couldn't acquire them, because to the rest of the world, and vs. gold and so on, VEF are worth what they are worth on the black market, minus a couple % maybe.
The VEF -&gt; BTC -&gt; USD thing, I'm profoundly sorry to be the one telling you, will not escape the fact that the VEF are worth far less than you're told. You'll get what they're worth. :(
Won't help you with the university thing, but yeah, the advice is, squirrel as much value away into BTC as possible, because it will stay or rise while the world declines (or tanks)
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:21:06
It is hard for some of us to gauge the difficulty. For one, because it can't really be written simpler -- all that could be added is links to the simpler math and computer stuff that are building blocks for understanding the topic. All we ask is that you *really try please* before resorting to asking to be spoonfed (not saying *you* are, I'm speaking generally) because there are so few who can do so, that occasionally we can't help but feel abused and taken for granted a bit. :) Anyway, glad my other comment was able to help you!
@_date: 2014-08-23 08:01:58
I am genuinely pleased to hear all of those things. I've known only two merchants in Austin that quit Bitcoin. Both cited excessive expired tickets with BitPay from customers who "sent coins right in front of me!" and felt deceived by Bitcoin's claims of instant transmission.
I too believe that in the long run this would hurt Coinbase because of the effect on the ecosystem. Coinbase is one of the first names thought of in the space. Thank you for your work and your openness.
@_date: 2014-09-01 14:38:01
Don't sweat it, it's not like English is easily condensed into any number of rules.
As for the Japanese thing, maybe the lack of stress when you expect it makes you feel like the second is emphasized, vs. your native language and accent?
@_date: 2014-07-20 12:41:52


That's exactly what I said. So if you take Bitcoin *as Bitcoin*, you will get hit at cashout time. So it's not a business account with $1M fee-free cashout, which is what their documentation implies. It's a normal user account. And, also as I said, their "fee" is still extracted because they manage their own liquidity opaquely, and the buy/sell spread isn't zero; it's significant.


No, lrn2read, I'm saying it takes significantly longer at random times. I've not even mentioned the time they "lost" $36,000 of mine for three weeks, which again, gives me concerns about the state of their liquidity claims. They appear to be limited somehow by the speed it takes to get funds in and out of Bitstamp (primarily). But every merchant transaction I took inbound took 4 business days at a minimum to fully clear, instead of 3. My bank credits me with pending ACHs too, like many banks, so I also "get" the funds uncleared in a couple days. Which is *still 24 hours longer, at minimum, than it should be.* 


No, as explained, Coinbase sits on the funds for a day or more greater than Bitpay does.
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:04:25
Maybe not, but we can work out the proper nomenclature later on. Or maybe "tax" as a word evolves to mean your contribution to society in the form of *money*, which really is a way of indirectly paying someone else to contribute an equivalent quantity of work, who specializes in the upkeep of whatever it is. It'd be inefficient if we all took turns maintaining the roads, because we'd all have to learn how. And all the other infrastructure... etc. Money of course is just representative of a quantity of work. But I digress.
Anyway, he's discovering the extent of his alignment with voluntaryism, which is a journey to enlightenment as you follow the logic. 
I'm reminded of this:  ...hey, everyone loves xkcd. Mostly. 
Now, FFS, take a breath. This dude is far from our enemy around here, even if he uses "swear words" like tax and liberal and whatever. You're doing the inverse of what happens to us all the time. I can be dressed in a bloody tuxedo and helping a grandmother cross the street, but if I identify as an anarchist, that term somehow erases all powers of observation, and muggles figure I mean to burn society to the ground one molotov cocktail at a time. 
Don't be that guy.
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:41:28
Wooowwwww, all that and then you delete all your comments. u/IEatTehUranium you have made my shit list. I hate nothing like I hate people who are time thieves.
@_date: 2014-12-05 11:05:02
Ah, but 'economists' are exactly like Alchemists.
@_date: 2014-07-25 04:32:39
One of these days Tony or someone is just gonna retort with: 
"1% is *us* taking profits while we have first-mover advantage in a sector that's ultimately open source with negligible barriers to entry. Other guys will pop up and eventually two or three primary companies will emerge, and we'll have fee wars down to whatever cost-plus is, which I can tell you, is significantly less than 1%. 1% was dictated by just being a compelling deal vs. the incumbents 2.2% or the 3+% that many small guys pay. Oh and by the way, we aren't 1% now. That's our a la carte plan, where you just go, so that if you have no BTC sales you aren't bleeding anything for trying it out. A monthly $30 plan very quickly becomes what you choose if you have, basically, $3000 or more in monthly sales. Every $ of sales you make over that starts to make it less than 1%, and that's today, 2014. Yeah, we can compete."
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:47:39
Presumably we agree the US is not a democracy then, either. Our presidents never do what they promised. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 05:33:42
No. Unless things have changed since I last reviewed the mechanics of Coinbase, like most of these places, old addresses remain technically yours. Coinbase doesn't have a pool of addresses; they're generated randomly. They therefore have the same probability of a hash collision that we all do (read: quite low). Unless they discarded the old keys, they will remain yours. You might want to see if there is fine print though, lol. This is Coinbase. They're in it to make a profitable business in an emergent sector. Brian Armstrong is not an ideologue. This isn't Elon Musk we're taking about. Armstrong is loyal to the investors first.
@_date: 2014-08-15 20:10:30
Way to miss 99% of my post, lol. With a transparent currency like Bitcoin -- a key effect of which is, normal folk are lost in the noise, but large amounts go noticed -- every new use of it helps, regardless of who is using it. 
It's a slow road, where the ultimate outcome is peace. I really don't care if you agree or whether you insist you cannot see this path; either I'm right, and it happens regardless of your opinion, or I'm wrong, and it doesn't. Either way, your opinion is irrelevant. We might discuss the premises, but you seem mostly into making blanket claims, so I doubt we will.
@_date: 2014-06-26 06:20:16
You resemble very much what I'd call an AnCap, from reading through your replies. Definitely a voluntaryist, with strong minarchist leanings, a combination which in my experience leads to an eventual conclusion of what I'd call an AnCap. But these are all just words, anyway. 
You'd have greatly enjoyed the Politics section on Bitcointalk.org back in the day. If you're feeling brave, find a few old threads there with usernames Myrkul and Rassah and MikeChrist.
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:46:33
Meanwhile, 6 months ago, nobody cared about Bitcoin in Japan; today, anchors explain multisig and proof of existence usages of the blockchain on the news. I guess that's what happens when the U.S. is dead last educationally for any country that's not 3rd-world, while Japan is  or higher in everything. They're healthier than us too. Master race, basically. 
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:22:07
I'm an IRL linguist, can't help myself
@_date: 2014-08-24 22:57:30
Luckily, in Texas at least, they were challenged and lost -- credit card co's cannot terminate your service for offering cash discount.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:35:11
You're illiterate too. I'm on OP's side you fucking idiot.
@_date: 2014-11-20 04:10:17
He's got 2M followers so he gets a lot of replies. If we don't want the donations to just sit *pending delivery* in our ChangeTip accounts, more is better. Otherwise they'll see the ChangeTip thing and assume spam. But, if we all do it—
* It'll be spam *with money in it!* and
* Somebody might actually notice the spam *has money in it*.
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:22:52
Is that using the official Government-stated value for USD / VEF or the street (black market) value of USD / VEF?
Venezuela is one the locales that has my primary attention for ways to facilitate Bitcoin adoption. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 18:34:09
Aaaand this is why Reddit sucks. 
1. Yep, this is probably an excessive thread. On a decent forum there'd be a single "places I've mentioned Bitcoin to" thread; here they're all new threads. This is a reddit thing. The appropriate use of reddit is to just ignore or downvote. But instead, we get invaded by rabid Buttcoiners. Because:
2. If you're logged in, you can go anywhere. Like all the supertroll faggot Buttcoiners who can't seem to contain their FOMO-reactionary bullshit in their own goddamned sub. At least in a forum they'd have to go to the trouble of signing up for an account, but here on reddit we let these faggots everywhere. Fucking cancer. 
Thanks for making this sub just as shitty as 4chan in summer, Buttcoinfags.
@_date: 2014-06-28 14:40:46
Impose, then. 
I'd ask why you've reacted so aggressively, but looking at your post history, I see that's just your "personality".  You're what I call a troll.  I expect you may disagree -- you are quite disagreeable -- but much like you feel about OP's tax perspective: A troll by any other name... you know.
@_date: 2014-06-26 11:07:22
No, it's optional. I presume there would develop an equilibrium point of tolerable anonymity. Kinda like how getting few results but nothing bad, on a vanity google of a prospective date, is not particularly any more useful than a vanity google with tons of mundane shit but also not bad. Getting bad results is bad, and at some point *few* results approach *none*, and where that line becomes uncomfortable for you to the point you decide to decline the date, is up to you, if it does at all.
Likewise, Shamir's secret sharing and zero-knowledge proofs will enable a very customizable degree of anonymity, etc. Perhaps it will be such that most everything is private, and that's normal, and only violations of the consensual interactions principle are revealed. 
Not a corner case, valid question. But you knew that. :) 
If I am being snarkier I might ask, if it's all consensual, and you don't want information regarding consensual interactions leaked, leaking the information would be a violation of this one basic rule, so why would you think that would be necessary ("required")?
But anyway, the point is, yes, I mean the rule quite strictly. You can only be voluntarily censured, and the only way to earn censure is by doing something voluntarily on your part: either revealing information, which isn't inherently a violation but gives some others reason to wish to not associate with you; or by performing an action which deprived someone else of such a choice, which naturally will produce information, if the person you violated chooses to reveal it. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 05:52:43
If latency is the metric of redundancy and redundancy is rewarded, and as latency can be added on top of the physics constraints, there will need to be a way to discern real latency from fake latency in this solution. I do not see one immediately, but I'm replying offhand. There may be a clever way to do this. (Or latency isn't the answer, but I'm not willing to write it off so simply, so I'll think it over and hope others will also.)
@_date: 2014-09-01 00:11:32
Yes that is a good way to put it -- it's highly familiar, which is disrespectful for anyone who isn't *actually* familiar!
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:05:24
What part of statistically-significant do you not get? It was anomalous, in the scientific sense of the word. No need for a conspiracy, it's just the way the incentives work out. There's plenty of evidence that they're not ultra-pure ethical dudes, they're just normal people, so it'd be weird for them *not* to do this, given their characters.
Whatever dude, do what you want. What's my angle here? (I'd ask yours, but I know brand loyalty is powerful.) I've said my piece. Bitpay, and why I think it. You've countered it by saying "nuh, uh!" Food truck guy can do as he likes.
edit: I guess I'll downvote all yours too, since that's what we're doing here.
@_date: 2014-06-26 06:09:48
I align with Cody Wilson about 98%, if you're familiar with his stances on things. If not, don't sweat it. I think you may be rather misguided in how to achieve societal improvement, but the neatest thing about my belief system is that, it doesn't require me to argue about it. In fact, my believe is that socialism and capitalism converge into the same thing as information asymmetry and propagation delay trend to zero. Which probably sounds like nonsense unless you've somehow found a copy of my notes that lead to such conclusions.
All I require is that one not be coerced or forced to join any sort of interactive relationship, and likewise not prevented from parting company; and, that these same liberties are granted to all sapients with whom one interacts. If we keep interactions to ones that are consensual, we'll get along just fine. I'll live next door to a Marxist collective and an AnCap outpost all the same, under those stipulations.
@_date: 2014-08-31 23:59:36
if that Y was meant to be an H, yes. Japanese vowel sounds are practically identical to Spanish or Italian ones. 
/a/  AH
/i/   EE
/u/  OO
/e/  EH
/o/  OH
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:54:46
VirtualIZED currencies implies something like USDcoin or whatever it is, that thing Brock Pierce wants to do. Or just perhaps a Paypal-like thing of tokens pegged to a currency. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 10:04:13
This is the conclusion I came to also. Like Darkcoin's trusted nodes, it's not trustless (more accurately, we should describe it as "less trustless" than, say Bitcoin) so we should keep thinking about it. This also dovetails with an actual trustless timestamping mechanism. Bitcoin achieves it probabilistically and in a quantized fashion. Mathematically, my hunch is there'd be a way to trade surety of one dimension for surety of another.
@_date: 2014-08-05 21:06:35
Apparently no one on reddit gives a fuck because they don't hurt Karpeles. The internet talks a big game about just wanting what's right either way, but it's still tribal as fuck.
For all we know Karpeles has been at least partially set up. Either way having more info is never bad. But then, this tribal shitty internet is the some one that loooovvveed Ross Ulbricht when he was DPR, and then bought the FBI's parallel construction + murder-for-hire accusation without so much as a raised eyebrow. Even now, when the conspiracy to murder charges have been *dropped entirely because no evidence* no one bats an eye except for a couple of the guys over at unSystem. 
You get the government you deserve, and the heroes too. You'll never know who's who because you all are a bunch of tribal amoral douchebags.
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:31:13
It's the NYDFS stuff. 
My counterpoint would be--since this was my thought--why isn't it tanking harder? Last fall China sneezed or an article declared hearing China might be sneezing soon with zero evidence from anonymous authors tanked the market. And that's not new: I was impressed by that, at the time, because the year before that, simultaneous DDOS on Bitcointalk and MTGOX alone was enough to flash crash the market by 50% or more.
Its indicative of the sheer market "weight". Price movement has an inertia, and the more liquid and heavy the market is, the more dampening the movements get. For those who wish to use it to store value, this should be a welcome experience, as an indicator of volatility vs. a year ago. The only losers are day traders -- they need light, jittery markets to really make off with money. The market is rewarded in return with liquidity which becomes stability, and eventually, you get here. And it'll only get more "stiff", reflecting more and more the market value, and less of the multiplier from speculation.
@_date: 2014-08-06 09:36:17
Not about excusing MK's wrongs; just about not permitting incorrect accusations against someone just because we don't like them.
Also, no, wrong about Ross. There's one in the MD docket that hasn't been dropped, but the others weren't moved anywhere. They *were* dropped. They just aren't fucking with the MD case right now. He also hasn't been arraigned on it.
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:54:29
That'd be a hilarious move actually. Pull an Elon Musk and personally back the purchase price as a bottom backstop. At least for a period of time. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 14:18:08
They "found" it. Ironically I was at the Miami conference but no one from CB was there so it was all handled via email. Took two escalations. First time they "found" it, I still didn't get the funds. That's why I suspect it was a liquidity issue and they were stalling. I'm sure as time has progressed their liquidity improves. I just don't like shady shit and false (or *really* deceptive) advertising. FWIW, CB is much better than they used to be, but it's going to take a lot more than that for me to forgive them. 
They also pulled their little fraudulent cancel-large-orders-if-the-price-spikes scam on me to the tune of 15 BTC back in the day, during one of the big China freakouts last fall. (That happened to a lot of people.) Bought in a dip, etc etc. They're ethically equivalent to the stereotypical used-car salesman. The execs aren't in it for Bitcoin, they're in it for the money. Which is fine, but it means they'll exploit anything they can pull off that is vaguely legal to maximize profit, even if it's damaging to Bitcoin as a whole. And the relationship of lawyers / corp law / government / etc makes it legal to do a lot of shit that isn't remotely defensible, ethically; and makes illegal things often financially incentivized. Like, if something is illegal, but when you get fined for it eventually, you still walk with more money than not doing that illegal thing (Wolf of Wall Street, and things less extreme, as an example), why wouldn't you? Many otherwise-decent people will be tempted because of the poor incentive structure.
Re: the $36k, if the foodtruck guy cares, I'll dig up the emails. I'm here to advise *him* in response to Bitpay vs Coinbase decision.
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:32:34
Also, if this isn't common knowledge, FFS, explain to everyone who will listen that it's the black market rate that's the right one! I had no idea people thought the black market rate was the ripoff. I thought everyone pretty much knew what was up, economically, but life wasn't shitty enough to force a rebellion. They're not free anywhere else because their money is worthless but within Venezuela you can still get clothes and food mostly, and drink and relax. It's important they know if this isn't common knowledge. 
Also be thinking of any other places to "leak" value at or closer to the government rate. Ultimately however that happens will mean the government is bleeding unintended dollars, so they probably plug it up pretty tight, but how to banks and credit cards and shit work, for like Amazon and the Latin Am equivalent (can't remember the name of it now; huge in Brasil iirc?)
@_date: 2014-11-20 04:53:35
I *don't* want his attention. That's why I gave 100 bits to him, and good bit more to  That and illustrating microtransactions, impossible with anything else, is part of the point. And large or small, ChangeTip looks like Nigerian email spam. 
The only hope at this point of BTC awareness (though I'd think PJ has heard "Bitcoin" before, given his political proclivities and circles.) assuming you actually *like* his charity, is to have many people give—enough that he looks.
Reddit's a pretty negative place it looks like; I'm glad Bitcoin people IRL and on Twitter etc aren't like this. You guys need some SSRIs or something. I guess I'll upvote you since it's the least negative comment thus far.
@_date: 2014-09-01 11:10:07
Yeah, that makes sense -- he announced himself that way. It'd be weird to introduce yourself as something and then get offended lol
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:35:38
You aren't going to like my answer. I don't know how uncommon this knowledge is in Venezuela, but while the black market rate *is* marked up some, it's not nearly 16x. What I'm trying to say is, aside from some profit margin, a few percent perhaps, maybe 10% tops, the black market rate is the "correct" rate. This is exactly why it is so important to get you guys into Bitcoin.
Unimpeded, valuations like that even out through the market forces via arbitrage. It's like water: two pools of it placed together will flow until they are level. The Venezuelan government effectively has a separate pool held higher, with a small pipe that they occasionally open to give the illusion of a certain value. When the government sells you those dollars at the official rate, it is at a considerable loss vs. its true value, but that is the purpose of the exercise. So naturally, you want to buy as many from them as you can, but then so does everyone else.
Also, that rate is higher than I remembered. Just a year ago, the black market multiplier was more like 8 or 9x wasn't it?
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:27:25
University, I thought, was one of the things the government tells you they will let you exchange at their rate for.
If you can't, yeah, it's shitty as hell, but the best "free market" rate you can get is the best you can hope for. Shop around but it's gonna hurt.
@_date: 2014-07-25 04:43:22
LocalBitcoins etc etc etc
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:13:02
Bitpay is better for Bitcoin, and lets you actually control your own Bitcoin (any that you don't process to dollars). Also, they don't pay shills to downvote honest criticism (afaict), unlike Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:01:46
Skimming, this may also help:
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:24:34
Step 1: 
Step 2: Understand why English-written "haikus" sound like shit
Step 3: ?
Step 4: Profit
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:38:32
FWIW, I like what you guys are doing, but with all the constant screeching about the relative fairness of IPOs I'm surprised I haven't seen anyone do it via Dutch auction-type, which is as game-theoretically "pure" for an IPO as we know how to do. 
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:21:21
@_date: 2014-07-20 14:54:27
They did whitelist me (supposedly, never used them again for buys. Never heard anything bad about selling, then my $36k thing happened, lol). Never mind that whitelisting is an undocumented thing, and I was already verified, and in whitelisting I gave them ZERO new information about me, so it makes no sense as a process unless the goal is to hope I'll shut up and stop being vocal on social media, which is *also* required for the whitelist to happen -- you have to have complained on social media, because that's the only way to find out about the whitelist thing. 
I'd had tons of orders go thru fine before. Look, the scam only works because it's a small enough amount of people that it stays plausible and people like you say what you're saying. That's what I said before it happened to me. 
AAAND, just because it happened to me proves nothing either! All that matters is statistics. If it happens more often during times when Coinbase would profit from it, I don't need to see the algorithm to say that *in addition to looking for normal fraud, which I do believe it does* it is biased to fuck the users at times that are beneficial.
Luckily, machine learning, the same machine learning Coinbase is so proud of using in their fraudbot (which just means you let a weak AI pore over data and find connections humans would overlook or take years to spot), revealed a statistically-significant pattern of behavior when some of us old farts from BCT examined the Oct - Dec time period. 
Do they still do it? Idk. Maybe. They got away with it before. They don't push it far enough that anyone bothers to take the data analysis and waste their time in court, especially back then when it seemed likely Bitcoins would be "valueless" in court. And for all the other reasons Bitcoiners are court-averse. So it's a long con, and very smart, but I'm not going to be rewarding them with my business, and I *will* tell the story when it comes up. (Which it does, any time I answer the Bitpay/CB question.)
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:30:28
What the fuck are you talking about
@_date: 2014-11-26 19:28:46
I did it by sending a changetip of 1 satoshi of shame and telling the author he now controls bitcoin, ergo jail rape is imminent.
To each his own method. I was feeling chaotic today, due to other activities, and this is the funniest, least concerning thing involving US politicians to ever occur.
@_date: 2014-08-05 21:11:21
How about you make some brand new wallets in a way that makes you feel safe, put funds there, and then show us the old wallets that are suspect? Gonna be a blind dart game until then, including plenty of "sometimes true random doesn't look random" answers. Which is factual. It's impossible to prove true randomness: you can only *disprove* it, either by showing determinism or a statistical bias. Can't do that with your description I'm afraid. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:05:12
25% of US income tax goes to the *interest* on the debt, straight into the Federal Reserve. Where it does after that, idk.
Another 25% of our tax goes to the military. Certainly quite a bit of that is not *defense* spending regardless of name. 
~4% of the whole dollar economy is bled away. The banks receive the new "free" dollars, which are loaned out. Where this profit goes, idk. 
Our GDP in static terms grows by 5+% yearly. A fixed supply of dollars would mean that the purchasing power of the dollar would *increase* yearly — this would be *deflation* at over 5%. BTW, this worked out fine in Japan, until Abe-san's administration had to enact taxes and inflation to pay for welfare programs that had been over-promised and ran out of funding (sound familiar?). Deflation itself worked just fine for the people of Japan beforehand. So, anyway, another 5% is bled away. 
Pay attention to the last two. Real dollar inflation is nearly 10%. You just don't usually bother to consider the non-static GDP. 
This "stop war, buy Ƀ" thing is predicated on the idea that all those trillions go to feed the machine, and that without the ability to coercively tax for shit we don't want, and bleed (steal!) all that extra as well, they'd never finance these conflicts at such scale. To say nothing of the effect of the hollowing out of the middle class, which foments socioeconomic class warfare with each other. 
I agree completely. Stop conflict; buy Ƀ. Hold Ƀ. Don't pay taxes. Starve the cancer. Let them bill me for the roads. 
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:02:47
Specifically, if the wording is accurate maybe they plan to use Bitcoin or a priorietary blockchain to move USD-representative tokens for "free" (vs. eventually jacking into the old credit card networks for their fees). If *I* were Apple I'd be designing a proprietary hybrid, checkpoint it into Bitcoin periodically for security, and use probably Ripple gateways for clearing externally. 
(A Bitcoiner, I'd also accept bitcoin, but I'm not betting necessarily on that just yet, though they might allow it at least to "top up" your Applebux account or whatever.)
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:26:46
:) Depending on the depth of your curiosity and paper, you might google around a few things about elliptic curves as a trapdoor function; this is one of the first things that helped me back in the day:
Mainly because it's short and not as complexly-written as the hundred-page tomes that really explore the stuff.
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:12:10
The healthcare thing might be sort of debatable, but that's one of the only things he's done. There's more war than when he took office. Just because we're doing it with drones now doesn't change that. And even the healthcare thing has been one lie after another. So in order to sorta keep the promise to work on healthcare — it's still worse, BTW, it just looks better because it's been socialized, instead of fixing the corruption we just moved it — he lied out his ass about other stuff. It's well documented, everyone in not-US mocks it, so idk why the US remains so deceived over what promises have been kept…
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:25:48
Wallet Import Format. It's Base58check. There are like 4 extra bits as a checksum to protect you from mistyping errors. So only 1 out of like 2000 or so mistypes will "let" you import it. 
Also, this stuff is hella basic. I have this feeling that you're being intellectually lazy in your writing process -- you could easily know this with 10 minutes on the bitcoin wiki.
@_date: 2014-06-26 10:56:46
This is interesting. This response, I expect from companies that began or are still brick-and-mortar. And for many large and established companies. They have shareholder and board obligations and roadblocks, and no one important may even care (yet). 
In the case of something like pfSense, this makes me specifically not trust them. This is odd. 
@_date: 2014-08-01 21:05:14
Odd timing, I just commented elsewhere that the Japanese went from not knowing about Bitcoin to talking about proof of existence and multisig on the news inside of 6 months. Can't speak for places like the more "country" prefectures, but pretty much all kanagawa seems pretty down with it conceptually. They don't engage in almost any pre-crime / thoughtcrime policing in Japan, so an anti-Bitcoin stance would surprise me. Even official policy, after being coerced into looking bc of Gox, is now "we looked; stop being dramatic, USA. No new laws needed."
@_date: 2014-08-04 18:43:36
You'd be better served reading Keynes and understanding that Keynes would have loved Bitcoin and that Keynes hated inflation and the siphoning of the net GDP by governments, and that Keynes is probably rolling in his grave over all these warmongering bankster fascists using his name to describe themselves. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 02:41:43
Would it be excessively meta for users to share a maidsafe instance? (image? virtual drive?) One copy per user is unneeded. The redundancy need for blockchain storage is not about doublespends or anything, but about survivability in the event of an Event. We need diverse recovery options and resilience against organized attacks and natural disasters etc causing catastrophic widespread data loss. Diminishing returns, far before 1 copy per. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:39:17
Unless you're a small day-trader, yeah, probably. Or if you're hoping to see it go from 600 to 6000 in two weeks, the inertia should make you reconsider your retirement plans. I mean, there is some basis to that meme around here -- antifragile is more than just a buzzword, although it is also that. 
Antifragile is kinda the textbook case of a thing where good news is good, and bad news is converted to good news. An example of something antifragile we all know is the human immune system. Being not sick is great. Getting sick for a couple days just means you come out of it with increased immunity.
@_date: 2014-09-01 00:01:20
There are no accented syllables in Japanese. Also I do not believe I have ever heard vowels devoiced in names. It would be disrespectful.
@_date: 2014-07-25 04:13:15
Bitcoin+Bengal household master race, checking in. Left my SV job 2 years back. Sold my stock for more BTC. Been living 100% BTC for asset storage ever since (and as often as possible for payments and daily living as well; far more often now than then). Wife &amp; I got a rosetted one shortly after. (He's one of the glitterers.) He just turned 2. Effectively bought, housed, and fed by Bitcoin his whole life. Highly recommended. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 11:08:03
If it's opt-in, it sounds pretty voluntaryist to me. 
@_date: 2014-08-31 00:16:27
This, btw, is far from abusing — this is a glimmer of the effect on economic trade where a deflationary currency is pitted against an inflationary one. This is fundamentals. And why would Newegg care what you do with your discounted merchandise after purchase? Use it, sell it, light it on fire. It's all the same to Newegg. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 08:38:22
**Update:** Have spoken with the charity, [some of which is here](
Should be a smooth experience; there's some [tech-savvy folks on the team]( Also there's their crazy [live feed on the main page]( You should go check them out; their charity is really special. 
Make sure you're donating to the charity **( via ChangeTip, not PJ. As it's been said, he doesn't need our money, and I already sent him 100 bits at the start anyway, so if he wants to check out ChangeTip he can. But as a big fan of Penn &amp; Teller—as well as Jillette's outspoken political leanings!—this was too good to pass up! 
edit: cc'ing  on the donations is totally up to you lovely individuals. I cc'd mine. He'll just see a bunch of tweets in a group; it won't pollute his mentions *too* badly, but I can understand not wanting to look crazy.
@_date: 2015-03-17 23:04:25
Degrees of triviality I suppose :)  You're not wrong -- this will eventually be an event on the order of difficulty as the Y2K "bug" was, which is the most analogous thing I can immediately think of. Changing it for on-main-blockchain would indeed require consensus and a hardfork, which is kind of a big deal, and will surely become bigger in the future.
So I guess I mean it's trivial in the sense that it requires one simple change, vs. there being something fundamentally invalidating the use of blockchain-tokens-as-currency. 
The lack of foresight to automatically increase the precision based on a rolling metric is a potential stumbling block for the future of Bitcoin itself, though not cryptocurrency as a technology. A good change would be to perhaps take a many-block rolling average of the TXfee sizes, and then maintain a minimum of flexibility in granularity. Sync it with the difficulty change (which *also* has a weakness, potentially, that is unnecessary and is merely an oversight, but that's a separate topic…) probably. I.e. if the last period's average txfee fell to within maybe 3 orders of magnitude of the atomic unit, increase the precision by another decimal place. Or something like that. 
These things must be pre-planned and automated logically, or eventually Bitcoin will die and be replaced with a chain that is not characterized by so much procrastination and forseen-yet-unmitigated tragedies-of-the-commons. The block limit silliness is hopefully not something we will see every time a change is rationally necessary. It is my hope that eventually these things will be anticipated far in advance and the code be already in place. That may be optimistic for pre-singularity days. ;)
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:34:11
He'll change his tune. Until recently he wasn't even wrong. He doesn't know (and really, most people here also don't *really* know) what decentralized crypto has recently been proven to do. And we still aren't doing it right, but it *is* now provably possible. See [comment here](
@_date: 2015-02-11 10:25:47
Having studied Yanis' work for a while, I find him to be the sanest, smartest economist (jk, that's an insult; really he's a math / game theory guy) on the planet. I'm also a game theory math guy, and what a few of us are calling a statistical economist.
And, I've also been into Bitcoin since around when Finney joined the party. I maintain a large amount of my wealth in bitcoin, and have done so for quite a while.
I contend Yanis will indeed have to relook at Bitcoin, and moreover, I know exactly where he is mistaken. 
1. He has a very specific definition of capitalism, wherein it necessarily implies fractional-reserve banking, either directly by banks, or by people making private "money" and trading that as if it were the real deal, thereby producing ponzi bubbles. In the "real world", these are the CDOs and all the shit the bankers trade, along with the fractional-reserve banking. In Bitcoin, we have seen this already, many times. This is exactly what Gox was doing. Any off-blockchain anything, unless it is conducted in a cryptographically provable way, is this.
2. The other necessary feature is the one to disprove the concept of a deflationary spiral, and one which is not properly understood by bitcoiners either, not that it matters. This is the fact that, when it becomes useful, it is trivial to extend the decimal precision to have sub-satoshis; and, that subdividing bitcoins into arbitrary pieces is 100% frictionless. Less frictional than any existing fiat, in fact. This friction is what exacerbates the cycle. Naturally, before digital money, this friction was significant -- this is the reason that economists (if they really understood it) say a gold standard IS, in fact, inherently going to be unstable eventually. 
(1) *can* eventually be mediated, by people not being retarded. Yanis will not know that it is even possible, because although he knows many things, he does not understand the maths of cryptography and what they imply. There is a mathematical proof that would convince him, actually (because he is the sort who trusts the math implicitly). No one has shown him this proof, however, and part of it includes the use of Byzantine-fault tolerant protocols like blockchains, and those are pretty new. BFTs, 2001, MIT; Satoshi chains, 2008 (you guys know, lol).
The other thing about (1) is, according to Yanis' personal definition, anarcho-capitalists (as found in Bitcoinland) generally aren't really capitalists. He'd probably describe it as a sort of digital, frictionless feudalism or something? The fact that no "capital" is magicked into the present by snatching it from the future, makes it not capitalism, to Yanis' school of thought. Just as an FYI. He's not alone either; there are a lot of AnComs and AnSocs that subscribe to this view, and this is a significant vocab sticking point preventing our two camps agreeing more often.
Despite Yanis' current thinking on Bitcoin -- and it is also possible that he grasps it a bit, but recognizes that for most people, due to (1), they are far more likely to lose their shirts than escape the fascist economy as we'd like, and is fibbing a bit -- he will come around, because he's rather a genius himself, and allows new data to change his beliefs.
And, most of all, his policies are far more friendly to our anarcho-libertarian causes than any walking public figure, save perhaps Ron Paul, though he's more a figure, as unfortunately he was not ever in a position to do more than vote against bills.
Very much enjoying watching Yanis do his thing so far.