@_author: foobar48
@_date: 2015-12-15 23:26:41
One small correction: if one party is dishonest (meaning: she publishes a revoked transaction that is more in her favor), the other party can actually "steal" all the funds in the channel.
@_date: 2016-01-21 17:02:24
There is no trusted third parties in LN, actually the whole point is to route payments through nodes you don't trust.
Neither is it a sidechain. Think of it as a clever way of exchanging regular bitcoin transactions, if you will.
@_date: 2016-01-22 09:52:10
You could start [here]( (particularly the Summary).
Here is an attempt at ELI5 :
Picture a peer-to-peer network of payment channels.
A payment channel (between 2 persons) is initialized by publishing a "funding" transaction on the blockchain, and once it is done, you can move funds in both directions just by exchanging smart contracts off-chain (which are regular bitcoin tx), and when you are done the last tx is published on the blockchain.
Now of course you can't open a channel with everybody else, because it takes time (remember the funding tx needs to be published on the blockchain). That's where conditional payments kick in: you can pay Bob if Bob pays Charlie if Charlie pays Dave. This allows you to send a payment to anybody you can find a route to!
It is trustless because, in the above example, there is no way for Bob to keep your money without paying Charlie.
It is also censorship resistant because the routing is encoded in a tor-like manner, so in the above example Bob does not know the initial payer nor the final payee.
Does that make sense ?
@_date: 2016-09-05 09:17:09
Hi, eclair dev here. It is just a basic example, to illustrate how the payment flow works, it is not at all standard and will definitely evolve.
@_date: 2015-11-16 17:29:54
Thanks for your answer.
Your idea of expiring keys is interesting, and I cannot see any reason why it wouldn't work. At first I was wondering how new keys could be recognized as valid by other participants (without using a deterministic seed which would make the whole thing pointless), but there is a simple way around it : new keys could be chosen at random, and each new key could be signed by the previous soon-to-expire key, so that only the first key of each participant needs to be known when the system is bootstrapped.
Regarding the realistic cost of attacking PoW, I agree that we shouldn't be too optimistic, and shouldn't take the security of the system as granted. This is all still a work in progress IMHO.
@_date: 2015-10-17 21:32:45
The closest thing we have right now is the dev mailing list, which is public...
The question of documentation is open (see the aforementioned ml), but I think it is a little too soon for a blog because things are moving so fast; that would be a lot of work to keep up.
I am in no way a representative of LN btw.
@_date: 2015-10-29 21:57:27
I think you are missing a key advantage of pow vs a voting system, which is the amount of work needed to reverse a past transaction when the system is compromised.
Following is an excerpt from bitfury's excellent paper (*):


(*) 
@_date: 2015-10-17 17:06:15


LN will actually be censorship resistant, and as someone trying to implement it I wish we could drop this insane requirement, that would be so much easier (just kidding). The way it is currently being designed is that messages are built in an onion-like, tor-like way. Hubs won't be able to know the origin, destination or even the number of hops. This is still very much a work in progress though.
@_date: 2015-10-19 21:26:42
Say A wants to send a payment to E.
First we assume that A knows enough of the network topology to know that it can reach E through some random hubs B, C, D. So A chooses the route A-&gt;B-&gt;C-&gt;D-&gt;E and is the only one to know it.
Let's say that hubs B, C, D are identified by their public key pubB, pubC, pubD.
A generates three key pairs: pairB, pairC, pairD, one for each node. It then does three Diffie Hellman key exchanges:
* pairB.priv + pubB = sB
* pairC.priv + pubC = sC
* pairD.priv + pubD = sD
Basically sB, sC and sD are secret keys shared between A and each one of the hubs. Each hub will be able to recompute this key by doing the same operation using their private key and pairX.pub. 
A then build the following three messages:
* "please forward this to C" = msgB
* "please forward this to D" = msgC
* "please forward this to E" = msgD
Now is the tricky part:
1) A ciphers msgD with sD resulting in ciphD
2) A ciphers pairD.pub+ciphD+msgC with sC resulting in ciphC
3) A ciphers pairC.pub+ciphC+msgB with sB resulting in ciphB
Then A send pairB.pub+ciphB to B.
Using pairB.pub and its private key, B will find sB, which it will use to uncipher ciphB resulting in pairC.pub+ciphC+msgB. After reading msgB, it will know that it needs to forward pairC.pub+ciphC (which is unreadable to B) to C. C and D do the same: each hub "peels the onion".
What's important is that:
- with appropriate padding (omitted here for brevity), messages between each participant will always be of exactly the same size.
- the buffer is built in a circular fashion (padding prepended, actual message at the end), so that each node has no idea where it sits in the route
- since everybody is a hub, B has no way to know that A was the initiator, and D does not know either that E is the final payee
Basically that's how it works for now. For more details you may want to read this excellent post: 
