@_author: foodeater184
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:43:31
Yes, I agree. I tend to look more at cryptocurrencies as a whole right now than any individual coin. As we speak I'm trying to find the best platform for a blockchain-based product idea I have, and it is obviously not bitcoin...
@_date: 2017-12-17 11:28:54
My short term strategy is to buy around paydays, walls, and market milestones, and sell when I arbitrarily feel terrified that the whole thing will crash.
Payday was Friday and the holidays are coming up, so kids getting gifts and adults getting EOY bonuses will have fresh money to gamble on highly speculative assets. $20k is a wall and a milestone. Futures are trading on a second market today (the 17th) and I believe a third on Monday, both of which will bring additional capital. Monday opens the market to larger movement on futures, as well as GBTC and other financial instruments related to bitcoin, and the price has increased by two thousand since close on Friday so those will jump up quickly, inciting additional FOMO. Also, coinbase doesn't always immediately deliver tokens so there's a built-in delay mechanism that could help prevent an immediate crash(coinbase is not the only arbiter but is most famous among those who would panic sell in America right now).
 
In terms of the next week or two of short term growth, odds look good to me. After the holidays or around $25k I'll be getting nervous. The bitfinex/tether issue looms in my mind as the probable trigger for the inevitable crash, but there's no way to tell when that will happen. Probably whenever governments (especially the US) start setting heavy handed regulations, which might begin at $30k. The asset is overpriced. $10k is reasonable and $15k is likely stable. However, a true crash could cause damage to the brand which might take years to recover from.
FWIW, I'm looking for a 20% return on what I bought today, so $22k-ish.
I've been wrong on many speculative investments before, including bitcoin (I wrote it off completely a few yeas ago because it was not designed to be a good currency, but didn't understand it well enough to recognize it's value as an asset class), so don't trust me without doing your own research.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:36:04
Manage greed by regularly taking profits - no one ever went broke taking a profit. If you can take 10-20% of your profit out and invest in standard equity then you'll be building ownership in real companies while also owning crypto. If you can recoup your investment then you can choose whether or not to continue the practice or let it ride.
Depending on how much you want to invest I'd also recommend pacing yourself and investing a routine portion over time. That way you'll see if it continues to rise and if it does you'll still be getting in at a decent price. Like I said crypto is overvalued right now but speculation will keep driving the price up until some major event causes a pullback. Set goals, take profits, and keep your eyes open for news, especially about tether and bitfinex, and you should be fine. 
If you don't feel comfortable there is no shame in sitting out. Personally, I'm a nervous investor and view this all as a gamble so I keep jumping in and out, but I'm still making more money than I would in the stock market.
@_date: 2017-12-30 17:04:34
You're losing it by not playing the alt market right now.
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:20:08
That's how all new technology works. No one gets it right from the beginning, and people who find it before it's ready to address their needs are put off. There's nothing wrong with it. If the tech eventually improves to the point of solving some problem they have then they'll come back to it, and probably be even more devoted since they knew of it early on and lost out on significant opportunity to take advantage of it, hence feel compelled to make up for lost time.
I gave up on bitcoin in 2011-2012 because I couldn't get the damn software to run on my machine. Gave up on mining litecoin three or four years ago for the same reason, and never bothered to buy any because I thought the entire idea of a deflationary currency was absurd and infeasible. I never bothered learning more about the technology or ideas behind it, seemed like it was just a toy.
But of course this most recent bubble caught my attention and now I'm investing a lot of energy into learning more about it. I am at a point in my life where I am capable of understanding the technology and the utility as an economic vehicle. I don't think putting money in it the way most people do is right for me, but I'm brainstorming products and governmental systems centered around these new decentralized technologies and am incredibly inspired by the success the cryptocurrency world has seen so far, warts notwithstanding.
TL;DR I went from losing out on millions of dollars in early bitcoin because of poor user experience to being totally engrossed in this emerging technology after witnessing the fluctuations of a bubble most traditional investors consider absurd.
We're going to have to do something about Goldman Sachs, though. If any entity can destroy bitcoin, it's them.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:55:22
Lock it up in cold storage and don't think about the price for a few months to a year
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:31:58
Price hasn't changed in a week, the market has cooled off. It will either stay at this price for months or crash. Not very likely another wave will come through in the short term given the current overvaluation. There are less risky ways to grow the value of a few thousand dollars while waiting for Mr. Market to make up his mind.
@_date: 2017-12-17 09:35:45
You can hold GBTC in an IRA.
@_date: 2019-03-05 23:36:16
Twitter is public and the SEC would be all over him if he did that.
@_date: 2018-07-29 04:38:42
Sucks that you went through that. It's not clear why you want to catch this person so badly. Wouldn't you be better off hiring a personal security team and letting go of the whole thing?