@_author: foolio59
@_date: 2015-12-25 11:15:11
I guess you trust your paranoia a little bit more than you trust your patience and diligence. upstanding firms like vanguard for example suffered no severe impact other than collateral and temporary loss of share value during either of the last two major crashes in the last 20 years.
if you had put your money in a Vanguard index ETF (or mutual fund as they were more commonly two decades ago) you would indeed have reaped the average 7% or more return on the S&amp;P 500 over that period. Funds whose annual costs average between five and 13 basis points, total, by the way.
@_date: 2015-12-25 10:14:43
I am a long-term holder of multiple 10's of BTC.
This post is 90% nonsense hopium, a series of empty assertions, speculation of the flimsiest kind.
Past performance, and present price, is no guarantee of future value. The current price MAY be heavily manipulated by sneaky Chinese who can pull the rug out at a moment's notice -- NO ONE KNOWS. (Or those who know aren't telling, obviously.)
Only invest what you can afford to lose. It's like the closing scene of "Heat," you need to be ready to just *walk away* at any moment. If you aren't ready to do that -- you may get wounded or killed. Financially speaking.
@_date: 2015-12-25 14:19:14
no need to apologize for being skeptical, especially when any number of people have a vested and bad interest in misleading hyper enthusiastic bit coin fools.
forklog.net is not a well known news source, therefore it cannot be well trusted. It is more than reasonable to have a few doubts until further proof is forthcoming.
@_date: 2015-12-29 02:46:24
From  - Dec 28th 2015
The newest venture from Blythe Masters, until recently a star banker at JPMorgan Chase, appeared to be an overnight success story in the making.
Her start-up, Digital Asset Holdings, is working in one of the hottest areas of growth on Wall Street today: the blockchain technology that underlies the virtual currency Bitcoin. And Ms. Masters has already received a promise from JPMorgan, her former employer, to be the lead investor on the new project, pitching in around $7.5 million.
But Ms. Masters’s company has been struggling for months to close the deal with other investors. Most recently, large banks including Goldman Sachs and Citigroup have balked at putting money into Digital Asset Holdings after learning that JPMorgan was being given better terms than other investors, according to several people briefed on the deal.
The banks and financial firms looking into investing, the people said, have also expressed doubts about the actual software solutions Ms. Masters’s start-up is working on, much of which has been put together through purchases of smaller start-ups.
“The deal would need to improve materially for us to get involved,” said one executive at a financial firm, who has been looking at putting money into Ms. Masters’s company, speaking on the condition of anonymity because negotiations were continuing. “It’s not supercompelling.”
Digital Asset Holdings’ chief marketing officer, Beth Shah, said assertions that the company was facing challenges in raising funds were inaccurate but she declined to provide further details. All of the potential investors declined to comment.
The challenges that Ms. Masters is facing reflect in part the increasingly difficult environment facing start-ups of all sorts as investors have begun to worry that the tech industry has been overhyped and overvalued, pushing down values for companies both public and private.
She is also contending with the difficulty of building a viable business around the virtual currency Bitcoin and the various technological concepts it has introduced to the financial industry, most of all the blockchain.
The blockchain is the database on which all transactions on the Bitcoin network are recorded. Unlike normal databases, the blockchain is maintained by everyone using the database in a decentralized fashion. That has led many in the financial industry to hail it as a faster — and more reliable — alternative to existing transaction systems.
Digital Asset Holdings is proposing to build something similar to the blockchain database, in order to provide a cheaper and faster way to trade other sorts of financial assets, such as loans and foreign currencies.
The problem for Ms. Masters is that several other start-ups are trying to do something similar, and there is no guarantee that any of the start-ups will ultimately succeed. Many industry experts think that it could take years to get to the point where the blockchain technology can be used effectively by banks — if it works at all.
The New York-based start-up ItBit, which is building its own blockchain-like technology, had been out trying to raise $100 million based on the assumption that the company was worth $250 million. More recently, it has scaled that back and is now hoping to get $50 million from investors, with a valuation of $135 million.
Ms. Masters hopes to raise from $35 million to $45 million, valuing the company at $100 million.
Digital Asset Holdings is a relative newcomer to the area. It grew out of a Bitcoin trading operation created by the Chicago trading firm DRW, which operated through a little-known subsidiary of DRW known as Cumberland Mining &amp; Materials.
The founder of DRW, Don Wilson, helped recruit Ms. Masters, 46, to Digital Asset Holdings this year. Ms. Masters, Oxford-born and Cambridge-educated, had worked at JPMorgan for nearly three decades.
She became one of the bank’s better-known employees after helping to develop the credit default swap in the 1990s. But Ms. Masters left JPMorgan in 2014 after a unit in the commodities business she headed was accused of manipulating electricity prices. Ms. Masters was not accused of wrongdoing, and the bank has said that her departure was not tied to the regulatory problems.
Soon after Ms. Masters joined Digital Asset Holdings, known as D.A., this past spring, the company began working with the investment bank Sandler O’Neill to raise money. Within the company, there was an expectation that the fund-raising would be finished by the fall, according to people briefed on the situation.
At the same time, though, D.A. was trying to figure out its product. Initially, it was looking at creating financial services tied to Bitcoin itself, including a sliver of a Bitcoin that would maintain the value of a dollar. On the wall of the offices there was a screen showing the price of the virtual currency, according to people who were at the offices.
But not long after Ms. Masters arrived, the Bitcoin chart came down and Digital Asset Holdings began to talk about developing databases similar to the one that Bitcoin had introduced, but not connected to Bitcoin itself.
Ms. Masters secured most of the company’s top programming talent by buying smaller start-ups already working in that area, firms with names like Hyperledger, Blockstack and Bits of Proof.
In recent months, the software that Ms. Masters has shown to potential investors allows for the issuance and trading of so-called syndicated loans — large loans broken into pieces and sold to different investors. It can take weeks for trades in this market to go through, a time span that D.A. is trying to shorten.
Investors who have looked at the software, though, say they are not convinced that Ms. Masters’s technology will fix the problems in the loan market, which are attributed as much to human cooperation as to bad software.
There are also indications that Digital Asset Holdings has not had an easy time integrating all the outside technology start-ups it bought. For example, two of the three employees who worked at Blockstack, which the company acquired in October, have already negotiated to leave D.A., people briefed on the situation said.
“All employees who were offered permanent positions at the time of the acquisitions of Bits of Proof, Hyperledger and Blockstack are still with the company,” said Ms. Shah, D.A.’s chief marketing officer.
One of Ms. Masters’s competitors, known as R3, has approached the problem from a different angle and is trying to determine how the banks want to use the blockchain before building specific software. With that strategy, R3 has signed on over 40 banks as partners in recent months, including all of the big banks that Ms. Masters is trying to persuade to invest in her company.
None of this has scared off JPMorgan, which has agreed to lead the Series A investment round in Digital Asset Holdings, people briefed on the negotiations said. To reward JPMorgan, the people said, D.A. plans to grant it warrants to buy a bigger share of the start-up in the future at the same price it is getting now. JPMorgan is said to have committed to helping Ms. Masters’s company improve and secure adoption of its technology.
Some of the other banks looking into investing in D.A. raised concerns about the JPMorgan deal in a meeting this month at the Sandler O’Neill offices that included Citi, Goldman and Bank of America representatives. Smaller financial companies, like Nasdaq and Markit, have also remained on the fence, the people briefed on the negotiations said.