@_author: foolish_austrian
@_date: 2016-08-08 18:58:06
I wrote this in response to the Bitlicense. I hope u/evoorhees has had the opportunity to read it.
I've been wanting to rewrite it for quite a while. If I could find the time, I would rewrite it from the perspective as "Bitcoin as a new way of doing law" and flesh out all of the implications on the division of labor.
@_date: 2016-08-31 06:56:21
Repeating a point doesn't make it true.
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:47:56
It's nice to see comments from more seasoned bitcoiners... years of waiting for all of the Utopia to come makes you re-evaluate some of the ideas we had.
When we were young and stupid we had lots of bad ideas... Thankfully there were no alt coins to invest in those ideas. Now those same bad ideas exist, but there is a new alt coin every week that's main value proposition is that it implements the bad idea.
@_date: 2018-01-15 06:00:33
That isn't accusation. We have to wait for the records to be released in court, but it seems like it will be a very interesting  show.
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:20:29
Also, if you believe that Visa is making a killing with their fees, you can always be an owner and buy their stock. Take your share of the profits if you believe they have high fees...
And if you believe that their CEO or Board of directors is hogging all the money, just look at their SEC filling and find out that if they cut all their pay, you wouldn't change a thing...
Visa's actual fees are something like 0.2% and they simply don't make much money.
@_date: 2018-01-25 01:06:15
I agree that utxo creation isn't a pure metric either... Just pointing out that comparing the number of tx in a block can be misleading...
@_date: 2018-01-02 22:55:03
Because the number scale goes ones, thousands, millions, trillions in bitcoin-land. ;-)
This shows the level of editorial review at BTC-com
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:36:55
They are working on scaling as their top priority.
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:15:12
To be honest, cheap payments were one of the early promises that I believed in. It's in the whitepaper after all. The fact that the blockchain is a broadcast network pretty much ensures that it will never be cheaper than Visa. But that isn't what convinced me that cheap payments are never going to be a feature of blockchains.
Think for a moment of a world in which blockchain payments are cheaper than Visa and people start to switch. Visa will tell legislators that they have the following option.
* Let Visa fail and lose the ability to track everyone's purchases.
* Reduce regulatory costs for Visa to allow them to be competitive.
* Subsidize regulatory compliance costs (bail out Visa)
* Increase regulatory costs for business accepting crypto. They won't go after the protocol, they'll Target the businesses accepting the protocol.
Visa doesn't have high costs because databases are inefficient. On the contrary, Visa's database is probably as optimized as can be. It is far more efficient than a blochchain could ever be because it was engineered for efficiency and not redundancy. Visa could have 3 second settlement if the laws would allow them to.
Visa's costs are in regulatory compliance and dispute mediation. Admittedly, the credit reporting system is horribly broken, but that will get reformed and rebuilt long before governments allow blockchains to replace Visa. Visa is too valuable an asset for intelligence gathering.
Visa will always be the cheapest form of payment, so any blockchain that focuses in cheap payments will be a losing battle over the long term.
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:47:28
Do you have any information to back this up? In Bitcoin the number of transaction outputs is a better figure to compare to ethereum. Bitcoin can contain several real world transactions per tx.
I don't know how to measure the number of text in Bitcoin, but it's lower bound is the tx count in the blocks...
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:57:36
How did they get that data? They're just comparing tx perblock, not utxo creation...
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:35:59
Please get appraisals for these donations. You cannot deduct them for taxes if you don't get appraisals and you are a US citizen. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:14:28
It was just words that sounded like they had meaning that would make feel like what you said. Technicals do y matter as much as feelings in the blockchain space...
That's why I'm waiting for my favorite wallet to implement "faster and cheaper than our competator" as a fee option...
@_date: 2015-12-27 21:22:53
ITRS roadmaps usually go to about 5.5nm.
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:06:52
Can you explain? What compelling reason do I have today to run a full node and where was my misunderstanding?
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:42:10


I get how easy this is. I've run a full node. I cannot connect to QT with mycelium.


I'm not talking about Android... I'm talking about things like embedded devices or they Synology App Store. I don't want to spend a whole weekend hacking a mycelium/electrum server to run on my Synology NAS (which could be done). I want it in the App Store. Then I can point my wallet on Android to my own server.


What is the marginal benefit of the 6001st node? How much more decentralized is 6001 nodes over 6000. What is the practical benefit to the network? How many nodes is enough (give me the magic number!)


I don't need 6001 nodes to enforce this - I need just one node. If I open Armory, I can validate that this rule has been followed. It only takes one person, me, to enforce this rule and since I will never consent to a change, I'm not worried about it changing.


How in particular is the 6001st node supporting the network? Are the other nodes bandwidth limited? Are they struggling. Without appealing to vagaries, can you explain the particular marginal benefit the 6001st node provides?
I'm more familiar than most with the ideals and technology that underpins bitcoin, and I think the appeal to losing full nodes is not well thought out by the community. It's the block size boogeyman right now. All you have to do is say there are not enough nodes and if we do X, the number of nodes will drop even further, therefore Q.E.D.! It's not helpful to the discussion.
@_date: 2015-06-24 01:35:06
Who is going to do the POW on an invalid block? Suicide miners?
On the other hand, this is a real attack: 
@_date: 2015-06-29 04:56:41
How likely is it that bitcoin can grow 2,000,000% without a significant increase in price? If the price goes up even 1,000%, we would see many HODL'rs pushed over the edge where it no loner makes sense for them to pursue their day jobs, but work full time with bitcoin. A 10x increase in price almost certainly ensures that I run a full node forever. I think that quite often bitcoin is analyzed under the usage and stresses of success (billions of people using it) while confining it to the resources it would receive as a failure ($600 million in new capital per year, give of take). Doesn't it seem more reasonable that if billions of people are using for t, the cost of running a node might rise to $25,000/year, but the number of full nodes might actually increase!?
@_date: 2015-06-03 21:21:32
The bitcoin blockchain in particular is the only data structure in existence that is self validating. If aliens came to earth and scanned our computers, they would notice bitcoin's POW and would understand immediately upon seeimg our computation ability that bitcoin meant consensus.
With POS it does not have this feature. It may work, but the data isn't self validating the same way that Bitcoin is. POS must appeal to some outside authority to determine the longest chain.
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:48:34
I'm with you... like I said I'm in an intermediate stage because I've been busy and found it annoying that I couldn't easily move my full node from my media center (which ran a full node for about a year), to my NAS box.
My point in this post was that if developers focus on strengthening these three points by making it easier to install a full node that connects with SPV or mobile wallets, and makes it easier to configure policy options, more people will start running full nodes for these reasons.
@_date: 2015-06-30 21:53:17
I think you got my point... And what you just outlined is why I think destroying zero confirmation transactions will lead to identity being tired to transactions, otherwise it's impossible to track down fraud. But even worse, I think that any attempt to require a trusted cosigner will eventually entice politicians making trusted cosigner mandatory (for our protection of course).
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:35:56
Reread my comment as **satire** of the shit I read on Tim Swanson come to mind?
 I'm probably on the same page as you.
@_date: 2015-06-18 16:54:41
No... A coin is a coin and holding has the same effect regardless of source.
@_date: 2015-06-15 12:42:40
I still don't know which one... Dana could go either way?
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:45:08
If he had said "We will use the threat of violence against people to force them to pay," would you have been happy.
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:32:39
No... Because they can only mine an empty block until they've validated the previous block. This is because they don't know which transactions are valid until see the previous block. Using some form of set reconciliation like Gavin has proposed can greatly reduce the time to validate the previous block by allowing everyone to reconstruct the block themselves from a smaller amount of data.
There is an attack vector for block withholding, were a miner broadcasts the block header and hold back the full block. If everyone starts mining on this chain, they can indefinitely hold back the full block and force peers to mind only empty blocks. It's likely that miners will developed their own risk strategies that lean heavily against building on any chain they cannot fully validate themselves.
This is one of those issues we don't need central planners dictating. Miners are free to choose and optimize their own strategy.
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:51:39
Cameras don't register identity. If a store reports fraud, and the police come out, they don't look at the video tape and say "hey, I know that guy!"
What do they do?
@_date: 2015-06-15 18:57:18
What is your definition of a financial product or service? I would think that includes backing and a counterparty. If not, can you give your definition?
Is corn a financial product? What about TCP/IP packets? Why or why not?
This was one of my closing requests of the NYDFS... that they define a financial product, but there was no reply. This isn't a trivial question, since it determines jurisdiction, and just their simple assertion isn't enough to make it so. If their definition is so broad that it covers commodities, such as water and electricity, then I would argue that they're definition is unfounded and likely not within the bounds of the law.
@_date: 2015-06-19 02:08:10
Yes. After more reward halvings, bitcoin will also begin to conform to the efficient market hypothesis. Today it is anything but efficient. 2012 was a fluke to most people. 2016 will likely still be seen as a fluke once the economic impact of the block halving works it's way through the ecosystem. When it happens again in 2020, I think people will start to incorporate future reward halvings into their present evaluations.
@_date: 2015-06-17 19:54:18
Can you get a business line for $100/month? They don't have caps.
One of my points was that if bitcoin goes up 10,000% in price, there are a lot of people who would gladly pay $100/month for business class internet, and its highly unlikely that we would get something like 100x more users without a price increase.
@_date: 2015-06-15 12:28:40
As the author, did you read the whole document? That's why I spent several pages laying out my argument from several angles. What was your thought on the p2publisher section? Do you think it is possible to have secure publishing without a market price?
@_date: 2015-06-15 02:40:34
I saw this quote and thought to myself, "Finally, someone is taking about he underlying utility of bitcoin!" Then I realized I wrote this :-)
I posted this long ago and got downvoted to oblivion. I think it was because people didn't like that I was arguing that bitcoin wasn't money when everyone was trying so hard to make it money. My thinking at the time was that we should avoid calling bitcoin money for as long as possible. The natural tides of human action will eventually take us there, so we don't need to rush it. When we get there, it won't be that we've redefined bitcoin as money, but that money has been redefined as something like bitcoin.
Kudos to you for reading through the whole thing. There was lots of good content in these submissions to the NYDFS. I've enjoyed learning from several of them.
Here is the original (with my address redacted) 
Since writing this I have moved out of NY.
@_date: 2015-06-16 01:22:37
Correct. Only provable statements can be evaluated - but this isn't trivial. Anything that can be represented by a key pair or evaluated with a signature can be tested for truth. Even if the vast majority of statements cannot be evaluated, the value of the blockchain is in that subset of statements which can be evaluated, because these will largely be the statements with economic impact, such as contracts and titles.
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:18:07
And open port 8333 on your firewall. If you have more than 8 connections you are a full node! If you have 8 or less you are a leeching node.
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:28:33
Did you read the link?
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:57:04
Is there a danger that we will come to rely on a few trusted notaries, which then become a central point for coersion? What happens if retail purchases are not allowed except through a notary like  greenaddress, and law makes go to greenaddress and demand KYC? Now you've done away with cash and are left with only a system whereby you can do commerce with permission. Introducing trusted third parties into bitcoin had the potential to turn bitcoin into a weapon used againts the average Joe.
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:15:49
I repeat my question - what compelling reason do I have? Also, how many nodes are enough and how did you get this answer?
@_date: 2015-06-30 16:24:40
OK... So the solution that bitcoin needs is built in identity. We need a system where you can be traced down for any transaction you make just in case you double spend. I like the idea of giving full identity information for every purchase. I see nothing that could go wrong with this.
@_date: 2015-06-05 05:48:19
"To ~~the moon~~ Messier 83" volatility!
@_date: 2015-06-22 20:31:27
Please keep the conversation consistent. The only way to do this is to evaluate bitcoin under 100x growth assumptions, but constrained to today's resources, because we all know that bitcoin will be frozen both technologically and economically in 2015 if it grows 100x. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if we added 100x more users and the price (and therefore the mining reward) dropped significantly.
@_date: 2014-08-27 19:17:07




Does this mean that you cannot sell gold for bitcoin? When will we be able to send in our gold and get bitcoin back?
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:04:59
You always have to pay 1 bitcoin in resources to create 1 bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:01:59
Who is this CSBS, and why should I care? It looks like they took the Bitlicense and stripped out the specifics, and are presenting it as a general framework for other states.
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:25:25
I consider myself quite smart. My job is figuring out how to store data in the angular momentum of electrons so that we can replace semiconductor data storage.
I've read Mises' Human Action, Rothbard's Man, Economy, and State, and Keynes' General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money.
I took a class on machine learning which turned out to be an epistemology class, because if you are going to teach a machine to learn, you have to understand what knowledge is.
I wrote a trading bot for MTGox from scratch.
I do not trade... I will be the first to admit that there might be someone more clever than I am, all I know is that I'm not clever enough to predict bitcoin prices.
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:38:30
Agreed... they can't stop bitcoin, but they can make it more painful. I would rather they take the hands off approach for 5 years (perhaps ad infinitum) as has been suggested. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:47:25
This is so hilarious I literally just crapped my pants! 
@_date: 2014-11-17 04:46:16
Can't hear anything...
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:34:00
Bono might actually be more of a fan of bitcoin than you'd think. He recognizes that market capitalism is good for the world. He might not know specifics about bitcoin, but I think if he studied it he would be a big fan.
@_date: 2018-05-15 17:25:02
They are subject to prisoners dilemma, not tragety of the commons.
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:16:16
There is a pressure for the market to consolidate to only a single currency. Liquidity increases utility, which increases liquidity, which increases utility, etc. Therefore, whichever money has a marginal edge will push out all other moneys.
"Why have gold a sliver existed in tandem?" you ask? Because gold and silver each provided their own unique utility, completely outside of their liquidity! And specifically, these utilities are mutually exclusive, and could not ever be merged into one using physical metals. That utility is their mass/price ratio.
If I wanted to buy a car, I would have to carry maybe 20oz of gold down to the car dealer - which is feasible. If I wanted to make this same purchase with silver, I would need to carry 65 times more silver, probably in a wheel barrel because I don't have a car yet!
If I wanted to buy a coffee, I could purchase it using 1/10th of an ounce of silver, which is still a manageable, verifiable, and gives reasonable tactile feedback. If I wanted to do this with gold, I would need to pay with 1/650th of an ounce of gold, which starts to become hard to hold, see, and verify.
The existence of gold and silver in tandem is a product of this mutually exclusive utility. Of course, to overcome this we need something that has an arbitrary mass/price ratio, and paper money is a solution to this, but so is digital money.
Bitcoin can be infinitely divided, and it's mass is extremely small (it has relativistic mass because of the entropy of the blockchain, but it still has mass!). For all practical purposes, it has an infinite range of mass/price ratios. I can tip on satoshi, buy coffee, a house, an international shipment of corn, or a multinational company with bitcoin. Bitcoin is diamonds, platinum, gold, silver, copper, lead, dirt, sewage, all at once.
Don't buy into the "litecoin is silver to bitcoin's gold" rhetoric. It appears to be a deliberate pump and dump scheme of an alt that has no value. They tend to target inexperienced newcomers with the promise of getting rich quick, telling them it has more promise than bitcoin, but that just makes no sense. It is identical technology with less security and liquidity, therefore less utility and will be pushed out of the market.
What can you do with litecoin that you cannot do with bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-08-12 04:26:04
That looks nothing like mine! I would ask for a replacement.
@_date: 2014-12-05 05:25:28
I'm sure she is sincere in helping, but I think she did more harm than good. She's really not a good speaker for bitcoin. 
* She repeated the same talking points over and over
* The Senators tried to ask her very specific questions, and she repeated the same talking points over and over
* She continually changed the subject to the same talking points over and over
* She introduced extraneous information that wasn't really pertinent to the discussion
* She ends her testimony by offering an unsolicited final word; that bitcoin wan't collapse the world fiat currencies "like many are saying"
For most witnesses, when the bell run, they took their time to finish questions and make sure they had gotten everything. With Perianne, when the bell run they rushed her off.
She's not helping...
@_date: 2014-11-11 08:45:20
You should choose bitcoin because it will push all of the altcoins out of the market.
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:58:38
Max, what you're trying to solve in unsolvable with any consensus algorithm.
The price of anything will tend towards the marginal cost of production, no matter the consensus algorithm you use. Mining can never be overly profitable. This is not a technical argument; this is an economic argument.
Imagine the scenario where there are 101 delegated stakeholders auditing the blockchain. If they are rewarded with the coinbase, their position as a delegate is now highly profitable, because they have to expend little resources to produce the coinbase. In this case, being a delegate will become highly competitive. If the profit to delegates is $1million/day, then either through the intended system (the algorithm) or off-system (through bribes, gaming, rigging, etc.), people are going to pay very close to $1million/day to become a delegate, by any means possible. Since we have essentially tried to use price fixing to suppress the the marginal cost of production, the market will find a way to balance it with the actual price.
In the end, no matter the algorithm, the coinbase * price determines the amount of resources expended on mining. If this is not the case, then someone is getting bloody rich for doing nothing, and others will find a way.
@_date: 2014-12-30 06:23:19
In a bitcoin world, you could see the centralized role of insurance split into a market of curators and a fully decentralized underwriting market. Professional actuaries could curate bundles of insurees. Rather than a large bank underwriting the insurance, many people could micro-finance the insurance. The actuators could compete for highest rate of return, while still offering the best service to the insurees.
Why hasn't this happened already? In theory, it's possible today with traditional banking and USD. To be honest, I don't know that much about the insurance market or laws, but I'm guessing it's so regulated, and the current system is so opaque that it's simply impossible.
Assuming the current insurance market suffers from lack of transparency and over-regulation, Bitcoin does a few interesting things to shake the situation up. 
First, it allows unprecedented transparency on the source of funds, the total assets backing the total liabilities, and history of the curators performance and payouts. A blockchain based insurance market could be designed such that it is impossible cheat with respect to the backing assets and potential liabilities since the contracts, or redeem scripts, could be publicly audited. This might be enough to lessen the regulatory requirements.
Ironically, this level of transparency also introduces new competition from black market insurance. Even if distributed insurance becomes illegal, the blockchain is so powerful that it could allow for anonymous underwriters to write pullet-proof smart contracts such that neither side needs to know each other nor trust one another. For instance, since insurance is simply betting, what's to prevent someone from placing a bet that the temperature in Iowa will be above 100F for 1 week strait in 2015, or that there will be less than 10 inches of rainfall? On the other side of this bet, what's to prevent a farmer from anonymously betting against this - aka buying insurance?
As long as the market is providing something very close to a free market price, black market insurance is going to be a non-existent or a niche industry. However, anywhere where there is significant rent seeking, black market insurance may bring in new competition and either replace white market players, or force them to reduce prices to marginal costs.
Another inroad for disruption could be small community self-insurance. Lets say you attend a church with a few thousand attendees. The community could self-insure if it feels that its average risk is less than the general population. This happens today ( but the barrier to entry could be greatly reduced by the blockchain by significantly reducing the legal and administration costs. In the absence of regulation, community insurance contracts literally be packaged as a downloadable app that takes 10 minutes to set up for your organization (I'm thinking 5+ years from now we will have all the building blocks for this).
To be honest, I'm not sure how any of this speculation on the disruption of insurance markets will go, but it's one of the many interesting experiments that's about to happen in the next 10 years :-)
Note: I have no idea who  nor the quality of their service... I just googled christian insurance. I didn't find what I was looking for, but I remember seeing once a church that issued insurance to their congregation only.
@_date: 2014-05-20 21:12:50
@_date: 2014-11-17 05:03:10
Not bad... we're within a factor of 2, which for exponential is pretty good. 
It also accurately predicted that November 2013 run was over-bearish, and that it would be about another year before we should see those numbers... not bad again.
@_date: 2014-12-03 02:39:01
You're absolutly correct... but might I suggest that you've actually understated the intrinsic link? I believe the relationship is even stronger than you've stated.
The blockchain will inevitably CREATE a token as a natural security feature.
In my response to the NYDFS, I hypothesize what would happen if a blockchain were created without a token, and argue that it will be impossible to stop the token from forming.
You might be interested in the read: 
@_date: 2014-12-03 02:15:07
Good point... it was copy and past from some quick emails I jotted out. I see now that it doesn't quite flow with the others. In the full context of the original email, it made more sense :-)
What I was thinking was meshnets. Without a peer to peer bearer instrument it is impossible to incentivise meshnets. Bitcoin is an enabling technology that allows real property transfer in small amounts, which is exactly what meshnets need.
For background, the original email was discussing whether 'average' people such as farmers would be impacted by bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-04 05:17:41
go for it!
@_date: 2014-12-13 04:07:51
Hazlitt - economics in one lesson
Rothbard - man, economy, and state
Mises - human action
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:45:07
Yep, I've been arguing that we should say bitcoin isn't money... but it generates a very negative reaction from the bitcoin community. I think many perceive arguing against bitcoin as money is perceived as an attempt to undermine it.
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:11:00
This guy missed the point entirely...
@_date: 2014-12-02 21:28:46
so how does bitcoin change agriculture? Consider for a moment the nature of insurance. A farmer is placing a bet that his crop will fail (he receives payout if he's correct), and the insurance underwriter is placing a bet that the crops will yield (they keep the money if they're correct). Betting (or insurance) has always required a bookie (or underwriter). But with bitcoin, you can place peer to peer bets with no intermediaries.
@_date: 2014-09-29 03:53:40
This is my response to the BitLicense proposal [to be submitted in about a week after I get feedback]
TL;DR Bitcoin is a publishing platform that does not fall under the jurisdiction of the NYDFS. bitcoin are more analogous to ink, not money. Bitcoin is a technology, not a service. Mistaking bitcoin for a financial service is like confusing the stock and the computer upon which it's traded. The BitLicense is dragnet regulation on general purpose publishing.
@_date: 2014-12-02 21:10:12
If successful, bitcoin changes pretty much everything! To understand bitcoin, you have to imagine a world where you can buy without a merchant, bet without a bookie, get insurance without an underwriter, access finance and loans without a bank, trade without an exchange, purchase commodities without a broker, have law without lawyers, courts, and judges, create assets without an issuer, secure escrow without an agent, have internet without an ISP, verify records without a notary, establish reputation and credit without a credit agency, and create identity without a government.
@_date: 2014-12-31 07:05:30
The value of the blockchain is that it is a solution to the Byzantine generals problem. Generally speaking, it's impossible for distributed parties to come to consensus without invoking a central organizer. This can be proven using multiple proofs. Bitcoin gets around this with a very clever hack - it solves it probabilistically such that the probability of reaching agreement and that agreement not being forged approaches 100% very quickly.
The nature of Bitcoin's solution to this is a self-validating database, meaning it bears witness to its own authenticity. This distinction cannot be overstated. I am not aware of any way to preserve bitcoin's solution to the BGP if the consensus relies on any outside data. This precludes AmeriCoin from being a solution to the BGP.
Why does this matter? 
Blockchains as a solution to the BGP allow for writing bullet-proof contracts that cannot be broken. This allows for unprecedented levels of cooperation between parties who no longer need to trust one another. As an example, see 
Bitcoin is a truth machine such that the NSA could write a contract with an anonymous person in South Africa, or China could store sensitive data with the NSA, such that the behavior of these agreements could be dictated by a contract, and the contract would be automatically enforced by the blockchain.
AmeriCoin will have censorship ability given to the US government, and therefore have the ability to manipulate the records. Will China put anything critical on this?
ChinaCoin will have censorship ability given to the Chinese government, and therefore have the ability to manipulate the records. Will the US put anything critical on this?
Here is my response to NY's proposed regulation, which has a different take on why bitcoin is unique. 
@_date: 2014-09-30 12:28:53
haha... I was kind of bummed that things like "Why is the price so low?" made the front page, but I got one response here... I was hoping it would produce an interesting discussion about how we approach regulation.
I thought of re-posting, but it feels kind of spammy. I might consider it in a few more days.
@_date: 2014-12-03 02:45:20
Thanks! I do not know what this fedwiki is. Explain?
@_date: 2014-12-02 21:16:52
I'm just throwing out some stuff from emails I've written explaining bitcoin to friends.
Imagine a commodities are tagged using bitcoin. Think beef -&gt; ground beef -&gt; hamburger patties -&gt; Local market all tracked and bet upon by a decentralized insurance market (with the possible participation of 'insurance' curators)
We could imagine an entire restructuring of risk management and regulation. USDA could be replaced by a decentralized insurance market that weighs the risk/cost in a transparent way to the consumer.
@_date: 2014-09-27 11:43:09
Amagi was great. I've worked with Schiff and been very happy, but Jillian and Stephen were great. They offered me a better price than Schiff, and supported bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-17 04:56:01
Every problem is an opportunity for an entrepreneur. You could also imagine physical coins (plastic) with an NFC chip that signs queries, proving that the coin contains the private key to a certain amount. The plastic casing would be simply to allow for visual identification and handling... in other words, we could make coins just like today. Manufacturing these coins might actually be cheaper than minting metal coins, if the price of NFC were to get in the ~10 cent range.
Alternatively, you could imagine custodial accounts with debit cards.
@_date: 2014-12-04 05:11:49
Thanks for the feedback. I appreciate good criticism. You may be more articulate than I am at describing the economic incentives.
I carefully read everything you said and I fully agree. This is what I attempted to capture in "the profit from mining is going to be capped by the marginal cost of mining... ALWAYS." but I think you said it better.
What I was trying to capture overall is that mining produces a heat that really falls into the Goldilocks zone for residential use. This heat has no utility for industrial use, and actually has *disutility* for data centers. However, it has real utility in residential applications, therefore it is the only place that this heat can be used.
If you can more clearly articulate this, I would appreciate the help!
@_date: 2014-12-04 05:04:41
I like this exception. Closed loop can mean many things... I'm sure I could think of a way to fit the entire bitcoin ecosystem into a 'closed loop' :-)
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:53:53
Fair enough. Even on our best of days, not every response is going to be what we hoped it would be. My job includes group teleconferences and presentations every week, and I've had my fair share of wishing that I'd said something differently.
However, there is nothing more frustrating than someone speaking past you, and that's exactly what she was doing. I was sympathizing with the Senators as they patiently tried to ask her questions.
I was a little hesitant to post something negative about someone laboring for a better environment for bitcoin. I would give anyone a pass on a poor presentation. However, if this presentation is representative of her engagement with lawmakers, then that's not a good situation. By talking past people, she's going to frustrate more people than win them over. With this in mind, I  think the community should be aware.
@_date: 2014-12-03 19:57:02
I like to think that 122 is pretty informative... but ok I'm biased ;-)
@_date: 2014-12-02 20:39:38
MATLAB /s
@_date: 2014-11-16 05:50:23
Quirk, or feature? The genesis block bitcoin cannot be classified as money because they lack the ability to be transferred. Instead, the genesis block indelibly makes a political statement. If bitcoin is one day regulated as money, the genesis block really questions that. It cannot be money.
@_date: 2014-11-18 06:55:23
A single dominant miner cannot change the protocol. Change in the protocol requires the consensus of miners, full nodes, wallets, payment processors, and holders.
I mean, think about it... if a dominant miner increased the block reward, I'm not going to update my wallet to follow their new fork, I'm staying on the old fork. The total hashing power would drop until they figure out that none of the users followed them, then the rouge miner would come back to the main blockchain.
I think this guy underestimates the amount of consensus required to change the rules.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:58:36
Hi Bruce, looking at my title I can see how it could be interpreted as a little inflaming. It was certainly not meant to be so. I genuinely felt frustrated and disappointed as a listened to her. I've read quite a bit about her working in the space, but hadn't heard her before. This post was certainly not meant to be a flame war. Perhaps I should have more clearly articulated that my frustration was about her speaking past her audience and not used the words "worst job" in the title...
@_date: 2014-12-04 02:06:18
haha... I don't think you meant to tip me $377.88. Good thing changetip has an error catcher :-)
@_date: 2014-10-11 14:45:36
This! If the FBI submitted fabricated evidence, that's pretty serious.
@_date: 2014-10-11 14:43:55
How does one tell if it's a foreign server without first hacking it?
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:05:01
Thanks for the feedback! I will edit that sentence for clarity. I hope a different perspective was enlightening.
@_date: 2014-11-05 18:17:24
Erik, do you brew your own coffee at home? You are always drinking from your own thermos mug... Thrift is a sign of successful savers :-)
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:57:08
I don't think it is helpful to overlay the concept of ownership artificially onto bitcoin. bitcoin are controlled, not owned. Similar to electricity, we can control the means of production of electricity, and electricity can be controlled, but it gets into vague territory if we tried to assign ownership to electricity itself.
bitcoin are controlled. If you found someone else's secret number (private key) by force or fraud, it would be the force or fraud that would be immoral.
If your neighbor broadcasts their secret numbers (private keys) accidentally, you would be a good neighbor to help them out, but to say that their bitcoin was stolen is a bit like saying that if a power line falls on a stump that you happened to want removed, that you've stolen electricity from the power company.
Again, bitcoin has no concept of ownership, only control, but this doesn't negate the requirement for us all to be good neighbors.
@_date: 2014-08-26 23:02:07
I've been thinking about these reputation tokens. Have you considered making them transferable, but losing some value (say 50%) when transferred? This way parents could 'co-sign' for children, or if your neighbor screws up, you could help them get back on their feet. It would make sense that when transferring some of your reputation, it would cost you more to transfer it, which would ensure 'due diligence' when helping someone recover from poor decisions.
@_date: 2017-02-18 01:59:44
I was talking to myself. I am Junseth!
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:31:23
That's like saying that an auto engineer doesn't know what he's talking about if he uses the rest moment for a calculation. "Newtonian Mechanics aren't LAWS!!!!" I could cry just because I know physics.
Have you considered he's broadly speaking of the gambler's ruin which allows the calculation of the probability of someone attacking the consensus? Perhaps he's referencing general modeling principles like the Poisson distribution, and it's implications on the consensus.
Give the man a break. There are many "laws of mathematics" that  Bitcoin uses, as opposed to the whims of central planners. I think that's all he's saying. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 15:41:39
Seriously... Coinbase is probably your best option up to about 250k (the maximum you can buy in a week). If you want to buy more than 250k, then it's time to go to OTC.
Same with selling. You can liquidate 250k in a week, and the slippage at coinbase is only going to be a few dollars, or a fraction of a percent.
@_date: 2017-02-17 16:36:07
We need more fucking laws to prevent people like you from getting into bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-30 15:41:21
Lawsky logic... "sure they have every possible license today, and are following all current regulations, but we have plans for regulations in the future which they haven't complied with yet... UNREGULATED!!!!"
@_date: 2015-01-01 11:55:09
Good followup. *I will update when I have time to analyze a recent SharedSend transaction.*
On a side note, the purpose of this was to see how long it actually took to fully analyse a coinjoin transaction for potential leaks. If the coinjoin is properly done, the analysis should reveal no additional information. As quoted in Kristov Atlas's work, partial analysis took about 30 hours. Here the full analysis took less than half a second with a first draft of code (I will assume this is because Matlab is optimized for vector math). My initial thought were that someone with a large amount of computing power who really cared could be doing this analysis if they had the computer resources. Now I'm convinced that my laptop could analyze most of the coinjoin transactions that have ever occurred in a few hours, therefore the barrier to entry for spying is very low.
So to reiterate, the purpose of my experiment was not to expose the leakage of SharedSend (as has been pointed out by others), but to estimate the computation time needed to find any privacy leaks if they have occurred - and the take away is **no time at all**.
@_date: 2015-01-23 19:25:12
If anyone who wants to look can look, how is that privacy? I think people are vastly overestimating how easily transactions on an immutable public database can be traced.
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:20:52
The way I would respond to this information is as follows. If I believe that this entire project is worth $500 for me, and there are going to be 10 beta releases, then I'm going to donate $50 now, and with each beta give $50 more as a way of reducing my risk. But without knowing the entire roadmap, I cannot do this!
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:30:13
The best way to think about this is to ask the question "What would it take to get bitcoin to $1000 **and keep it there**." This is because eventually mining will find equilibrium when the profit from mining approaches close to zero, or put another way when the cost of mining 1 bitcoin is 1 bitcoin. Since mining fees, like electricity, are typically denominated in fiat, this will be the number of coins that need to be bought up on the exchange every day to keep the price stable.
* to keep the price *stable* at $1,000, new and existing users must purchase $3.6M USD worth of coins per day.
* to keep the price *stable* at $10,000, new and existing users must purchase $36M USD worth of coins per day.
When the halving day rolls around in about a year, the interesting part is that these numbers will halve. Over the past year, on average about $1.4M of bitcoin were bought up every day. The bitcoin userbase simply wasn't able to buy up all the new coins, and this is why the price has slid down slowly. If demand for bitcoin remains stagnant (the combined bitcoin economy can only afford about $1.4M/day to balance bitcoin inflation), then to zero'th order the price of bitcoin will eventually double after the effects of the halving-day propagate through the economy.
The really interesting thing happens when 6 or 8 halving days have happened. In 24 to 32 years, even if the bitcoin economy is only capable of investing $1.4M/day, the price goes from $200 to $12,800 and $51,200 respectively.
Each halving day, half of that $1.4M/day stops being diverted to mining, and can be allocated to buying us cars, houses, and food!
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:56:19
Yes, we just need to come up with household devices that require conversion of electricity to heat year round in every climate. Water heating is a $2T business worldwide, and is the perfect applications.
So I agree this is still speculation today, because we cannot start building water heaters while ASICs are depreciating so quickly, but the moment ASICs stop depreciating, there is a huge market in the residential water heaters.
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:46:22
I really don't understand why it's not prudent of the defense to cast doubt on the identity of an anonymous figure. When I first read the arrest warrent, my thought was that all they could prove was that Ross was at least a low level programmer, but there was a very weak link to being DRP.
Isn't it in the defense's best interest to cast doubt on identity? I mean, look at Sony, with all of their resources they couldn't prevent the identity of their security administrator from being spoofed.
Am I missing something?
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:37:28
..said the guy who don't know how to break bitcoin's privacy. Today, there is nothing private on bitcoin. I hope that changes, but I am not aware of any good technology today to make bitcoin private without trusting a 3rd party (which then isn't private).
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:24:19
Mike, we need (optional!) validated pledges. When I saw Olivier's 10BTC donation, my first suspicion was "Is someone trying to pump the numbers to make it look like there's more interest?" They could always have the option of revoking the pledge once the project is &gt;50% funded. I believe it is real, but making fake donations from high profile people is one way to game the system.
@_date: 2015-01-23 19:39:33
Here's the other challenge... your privacy is at the mercy of the other 4 participants not screwing up. You may manage your change correctly, but if the other people don't then by deduction you have been exposed also.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:31:52
From what I found, jus solis often conflicts with dual citizenship, meaning I would first have to get new citizenship. It's not impossible, but it's not as easy as flying down to the Caribbean for a month, or crossing into Canada. No matter where they're born, they are still going to be US citizens by virtue of their parents. (EDIT: *and this is the problem... they're still going to be US citizens and therefore will be bonded to US debt and taxes their whole life, even if they get foreign citizenship*)
Specifically, I had looked at Canada, Singapore, and the Caribbean, and found that simply having your baby there doesn't work.


This is correct, but I wouldn't want to cut cords with one broke country and tie myself to another broke country, which leaves only a few. I've investigated Singapore, and it's a possibility one day, but I will have to pay the Singapore government, plus serve 1 year (?) in their military, and pay the US exit tax, so even if I find a job it's going to cost me substantially.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:12:00
There is a pressure for the market to consolidate to only a single currency. Liquidity increases utility, which increases liquidity, which increases utility, etc. Therefore, whichever money has a marginal edge will push out all other moneys.
"Why have gold and sliver existed in tandem?" you ask? Because gold and silver each provided their own unique utility, completely outside of their liquidity! And specifically, these utilities are mutually exclusive, and could not ever be merged into one using physical metals. That utility is their mass/price ratio.
If I wanted to buy a car, I would have to carry maybe 20oz of gold down to the car dealer - which is feasible. If I wanted to make this same purchase with silver, I would need to carry 65 times more silver, probably in a wheel barrel because I don't have a car yet!
If I wanted to buy a coffee, I could purchase it using 1/10th of an ounce of silver, which is still a manageable, verifiable, and gives reasonable tactile feedback. If I wanted to do this with gold, I would need to pay with 1/650th of an ounce of gold, which starts to become hard to hold, see, and verify.
The existence of gold and silver in tandem is a product of this mutually exclusive utility. Of course, to overcome this we need something that has an arbitrary mass/price ratio, and paper money was the first solution to this, and then came digital money.
Bitcoin can be infinitely divided, and it's mass is extremely small (it has relativistic mass because of the entropy of the blockchain, but it still has mass!). For all practical purposes, it has an infinite range of mass/price ratios. I can tip one satoshi, buy coffee, a house, an international shipment of corn, or a multinational company with bitcoin. Bitcoin is diamonds, platinum, gold, silver, copper, lead, dirt, sewage, all at once.
The "litecoin is silver to bitcoin's gold" rhetoric is simply ignorant of why gold and silver have existed.
At this point, alt coins appear to be almost entirely deliberate pump and dump scheme of an alt that has no value. They tend to target inexperienced newcomers with the promise of getting rich quick, telling them it has more promise than bitcoin, but that just makes no sense. It is identical technology with less security and liquidity, therefore less utility and will be pushed out of the market.
**What can you do with litecoin that you cannot do with bitcoin?**
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:54:08
I don't believe you were trying to be dishonest. This is a good lesson in not *always* trusting that the majority of people know what they're talking about. With respect to bitcoin, most people simply do not understand what it is or how it works.
As others have pointed out, there is no mobile wallet that requires the full blockchain be downloaded. None. Zero. Nada. Most desktop apps also do not require this. I run a full node for my own reasons, but not everyone will want to.
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:38:59
Yes. Any non-matched change creates a privacy leak.
@_date: 2015-01-29 19:37:32
I work in the semiconductor industry, and I have several patents, although I despise patents and wish they didn't exist. My company is a multi-billion dollar technology company, and if we released a product without patents, we would be sued to oblivion. Therefore we get pattents so our lawyers can show up to the cock fight, slap down a stack of papers, and call a cease fire.
In my industry, trade secrets, infrastructure, and time to market are actually as valuable or even more valuable than patents.
Like all things, if there is no demand for a particular service, the market doesn't work on solutions. So too with patentless innovation. There is no need for it today, in our society, because you can file an application to outsource your physical coercion to prevent someone from doing something. As long as society finds the use of force against others acceptable in protecting your work, no one will innovate to find creative ways to protect profits from innovation without the use of force. 
In a world without patents, ideas are not an economic good, but the capital to implement the ideas are. In the case of Trezor, the hardware manufacturers stand to profit from the sale of their hardware. It would be in their interest to fund the development of applications which require their hardware.
Alternatively, a consortium of merchants, who stand to benefit from reduced transaction fees, might find it worthwhile to encourage adoption by making a hardware wallet that has special privileges at only consortium locations. Perhaps they could bundle a special signing chip with the open source software, that's sole function is to verify membership in the consortium. Membership in the consortium could be contractually enforced (i.e. voluntary). 
Even better, a solution might be found by someone more clever than I am to capture this entirely as a trade secret - auditable code with a secret that has the ability to control access to something, but can be verified to have no ability to do malicious attacks.
I don't know the answer, and it is possible that the market wouldn't find a satisfactory solution in every case. That's disappointing, but I would argue still not reason to appeal to force and coercion.
One of the thoughts that made a big impact on me was in this video, where he points out that economists would have failed to predict the emergence of broadcast television, because they might have failed to think of the bundling of a private good with the public good. 
Again, when you can cheaply use IP law, it actually discourages the invention of market based approaches to funding innovation. In a world without IP, the flows of money money might be radically different, but they would continue to flow, contrary to popular rhetoric that everyone would stop seeking profit (i.e. no one would innovate).
As for SatoshiLabs, I feel for them. I know Slush is an anarchist, so I'm sure he despises IP law; yet the consumers and businesses he's dealing with don't expect a market based solution. The infrastructure for market based solutions also doesn't exist. The history and cultural acceptance of market based solutions doesn't exist. Society needs to change for these sorts of solutions to work (i.e. they need the support of Walmart, Amazon, etc.). I also don't expect Slush to go out and sue people for copyright infringement. He's already stated that he doesn't expect the license to really do anything, but he's doing it to express his frustration with the copy-paste product.
@_date: 2015-01-11 16:22:45
If dispare point is the point at which I believe the bitcoin experiment is over, then my dispare point is 0. As long as bitcoin remains scarce and useful it will command a price. If you mean the price I hope we never hit again, that's always defined as less than today's price. I'm not sure I have a dispare price as you outline. It might be a little unhealthy to have one since it's a symptom of overextending yourself.
Every time I buy more, I sit down with my wife and I ask myself what is the likelihood the price will go below $100 - and ask how would I react? Then I ask what is the likelihood the price will go below $200 - and ask how I would react? I have assigned for myself a non-zero probability of every outcome, therefore I do not think I have a dispare point.
This means there is no price that I do not think bitcoin can go to.
Despite believing and accounting for the possibility that bitcoin could go to zero, I'm a super-bull, and my end target price is greater than $1million/BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:01:29
Many things! Bitcoin is still beta software. Off the top of my head some things people are working on:
1) Modularize consensus code - makes the network robust by isolating the code that keeps everyone on the same page. Today it's fragile.
2) Plurality of consensus code - once modularized, make several implementations so that if one fails, we have fallbacks and everything keeps ticking.
3) Solve the large block propagation problem - allow for more transactions without risking orphaned blocks. This is a critical step to lower transaction fees
4) Increase block size
5) Introduce blockchain pruning
6) Payment protocol - human readable transactions instead of addresses.
7) Reversible transactions - This might go under the payment protocol. How to make reversible a transaction an option (note: **optional**)?
8) Development of script... is this done? I'm not sure all of the functionality we would like is included (i.e. smart contract ability). This is why today we have things like counterparty, but it's not clear that this won't eventually be moved into core.
Short list, and I'm not an expert, but when I look at the ecosystem today it's bailing wire and duct tape. It's nowhere near ready for mainstream, and nowhere safe enough to hold $500 billion in value yet.
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:56:04
This would allow for a massive double spend. You could have a future blockchain, then go back in time and sell all your bitcoin, wait a few days, and then release the longer chain maybe 5 blocks early... 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:34:23
Yes, he had to pay a huge exit tax, even though he hadn't lived in the US for a decade.
@_date: 2015-01-23 07:13:30
Whatever mechanism causes enough friction to keep the transaction fees high enough should be fully contained within the consensus algorithm, which ensures it's transparent and auditable. This means the mechanism is pretty much limited to data contained within the blockchain. It should also encourage a market based price, which I think everyone is advocating from one perspective or another.
Since there is precedent for unspendable transactions with the coinbase, would it be workable to make the lowest 1% of transactions (when sorted by transaction fee as a %) unspendable for 500 blocks (or some appropriate number?)
This has the following potential benefits:
* At any block size, it still allows unlimited free transactions that are fully functional. It doesn't rely on us correctly guessing how quickly Bitcoin might grow.
* By freezing the lowest paying 1% of funds, it introduces some game theory where those who want to be able to respend funds quickly will have to outbid everyone else, which would hopefully cause a market to form.
* It's fully auditable and all of the data to make the determination is based in the blockchain, which means wallets could enforce fair play on miners and it balances the vote of consensus between wallets and miners.
Perhaps a balance could be found that such that payment processors could easily calculate a fee to pay that ensures 99% of their funds stay liquid, yet everyone has the ability to make free or low cost transactions.
Things like coinjoin transactions or special transactions would need to pay higher fees to ensure timely execution.
In the case of a block re-org, this might present a problem for recipients of funds, because it could potentially open them up to 500 block double-spend, but I guess that's the penalty of not paying a fee on a high priority transaction.
I was mulling this over for a while, and I suggested the criteria be transaction fees as a % of the funds because if it was simply based on tx fees, people could pad their spending by always doing a zero fee dust transaction, and a real transaction to ensure all important transactions stay above the bottom 1%. However, on the other hand my proposal has the problem that a miner could also pad a block with a really large transaction with an artificially high fee to force more transactions into the bottom 1%... so there are holes in this, but perhaps it's a starting point since I really don't like the idea of a block size limit!
@_date: 2015-01-22 15:17:37
How do you calculate the cost of mining that needs to be funded in say 15 years? Electricity, hardware, bandwidth? Answering *what* we need to fund seems to be an important step in determining *how much* funding we need.
EDIT: I think I found what I was looking for here - 
@_date: 2015-01-24 14:15:09
How is a trezor plus a bitcoin free? It might not be compensation everyone wants, but the it's certainly not free!
@_date: 2015-01-23 19:32:25
It needs to be **really** widespread. I'm now pretty convinced that full analysis of coinjoin can be done in T(n)=O(2^n). Look up hardware like **Micron's automata processor**, which could deconvolve coinjoin on the fly. Our only hope is nearly universal coinjoin by dafault in the majority of wallets, with correctly structured output pairing and with something like 30 participants. (I'm still working on the number of required participants)
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:27:36
The defense should call Sony as a witness... they can establish how easy it is to create fake credentials online (i.e. impersonate your security officer).
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:19:07
Can we get a road map of the entire project. It's hard for me to know if I should donate at this point without a view of how many beta releases there are, and estimated cost of each beta. Understandably, this roadmap is going to need updating as we go, but we need to know if this is 120BTC of a 1200BTC project, or 120BTC of a 50,000BTC project.
@_date: 2015-01-17 03:16:19


Actually, if mining stabilizes (completes the super-Moore's Law advances in ASICs) this is a really good approximation.
Eventually, the cost of mining 1 bitcoin will go towards 1 bitcoin. The reason is that *if* miners are able to mine 1 bitcoin for 0.5 bitcoin, then new players will see the profitability and come into the market, driving up the difficulty until the cost of mining goes to 1 bitcoin. Anything less than a bitcoin is economic rent, and the market always minimizes economic rent.
Now each participant in the economy has the choice of purchasing 1 bitcoin in exchange for 1 bitcoin's worth of goods and services, or they have the choice of producing 1 bitcoin by expending 1 bitcoin's worth of goods and services, therefore from a demand perspective, both purchasing a bitcoin and producing a bitcoin takes the exact same amount of resources, and could both be considered purchasing bitcoin. Purchasing on an exchange is from one individual, and purchasing by mining is from the economy as a whole.


Actually, yes - that's exactly what it means. The bitcoin network is a whole is 'selling' 3,600 coins per day in exchange for hashing power. If this transaction wasn't happening every day, the only way the miners could acquire coins is by purchasing them on the market. To put it another way: think from the perspective of a miner who has $500 to spend - they can either spend the $500 on electricity and get some bitcoin, or they can spend $500 on an exchange and get some bitcoin. If the miner is smart, he will do whichever is cheaper, but either way he is 'investing' $500 into bitcoin, and the effect on demand is perfectly identical!
@_date: 2015-01-10 16:54:02
Based on current development speed, OpenBazaar is not going to be ready for for prime time for about two years... Not because they aren't doing a great job, but because there is sooooo much work to do. Your optimism is well placed, but I think things may move a bit slower than you think.
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:50:29
Exactly... if you don't like it, why don't you just leave... oh wait, you cannot.
More people are trying to get US citizenship than give it up, so we hear very little about the process of giving up US citizenship. Too bad the 24 hour news cycles couldn't start rotating the 'horror' stories about how hard it is to give up your US citizenship, stories about how it follows you to anywhere in the world and taxes you and your children perpetually, and you cannot escape it without paying a huge ransom.
I looked into traveling for my son's birth in an attempt to get him non-US citizenship. I found out that after 9/11 this is almost impossible. It would have cost me more than my entire net worth, so for all practical purposes I cannot afford for my children to escape, even if I wanted to. It's a little sad and scary.
If people started to give up their citizenship on mass, they would quickly find that 90% of them couldn't afford it, and the remaining 10% would be left broke afterwards. It's the invisible prison.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:30:26
Agreed... no right answer.
@_date: 2015-01-17 03:03:40
3600 coins/day * $400 (~average price over the past year) = $1.4M... it's a rough estimate, and since mining equipment is changing so quickly and the profitability is hard to estimate, this estimate is most likely oversimplified, but it's probably not that far off from reality.
Edit: I forgot to answer the other half of your question... Today the value of bitcoin is about $210. I think the concept of intrinsic or 'true' value has been thoroughly debunked, but for the sake of argument we can say that no one knows for sure the true value, and that's why the price keeps on changing - the market is trying to figure it out.
My belief is that bitcoin has the *potential* to be valued much higher than today, which is why I buy them now, but I'm thinking long term; like 10 years. It could very well go down tomorrow and stay down for 6 months, or it could go up :-)
@_date: 2015-01-16 00:28:31
Thanks for the reply. I agree that this defense could backfire if they cannot account for all of the evidence.
@_date: 2015-01-15 20:57:39
How come?
@_date: 2015-01-14 13:49:13
Coinbase.com is the easiest place to start. As others have mentioned... Take it slow and just experiment first. I would suggest buying ~$50 and playing with it to get comfortable. Try different wallets on your phone and desktop. Set up a paper waller. Once you have the storage basics, start with a small purchase! Learn more about the protocol and educate yourself. Make sure you could recover if bitcoin fails. Be wise...
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:43:55
Yes... My first impression was "this thing is really small!" It's a pleasant surprise.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:15:19
I have lots of foreign friends who are in this same position. I work in a technical field with lots of Asians. To be honest, it's a toss up. I don't know. Just be aware that by getting citizenship, you and your children are taking on the responsibility for our national debt.
How that will play out, I don't know.
Don't get me wrong either, being a US citizen affords me perhaps the most privileged life available to anyone in the world, but it doesn't come without it's costs, and you cannot just walk away from it, or as people often say "if you don't like it, why don't you just leave"?
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:56:03
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:58:03
Coinjoin, mixers, and exchanges don't work. The blockchain is public and immutable.
Lets say you use a mixer that scatters the transactions out over a week. You can watch the blockchain for deposits and withdraws that have equal sums.
Lets say you use coinjoin. Your change is very likely to identify you. Even if you're meticulous, if any of the other parties makes a mistake, they reveal themselves, which by deduction reveals you.
Lets say you use the old btc-e trick... again looking for deposit and withdraw patterns can reveal you. Since the blockchain is permanent, how do you know that btc-e will not be subpoena in 3 years? Everything can be backtracked.
Lets say it's the year 2024, and were at the 5nm technology node, and I have about 60cm^2 of silicon to put a chip on. Lets say I make an automata processor that can do 3e12 comparisons per clock cycle. If there are 2^n comparisons to make in a coinjoin or btc-e mix, then if mixed with anything less than 34 other transactions it will be trivial to break... as in singe clock cycles. What is the minimum number of inputs and outputs required to hide your change in your opinion? Do you do coinjoin with 64 inputs? 96 inputs?
Since the blockchain is permanent, you have to think about what people can do in 5 years, because the record will still be there.
EDIT: and I'm referencing a consumer technology product of 2024. These things should be affordable for home PCs in 10 years, meaning your neighbor might own one. I'm not waving to some hypothetical super powerful adversary... what they will have is even greater.
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:57:57
For every seller there is a buyer! Fact!
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:36:07
I was traveling, which meant I couldn't do this immediately. Here is the analysis of bfb6e53ceb085113e197c943179f5b7897ee97629351b8c658d3a5fdd8855f03 which happened last night. Because this transaction has more inputs and outputs, it took longer. In this case, 3 hours.
    Number of possible input combinations: 8388607
    Number of possible output combinations: 4194303
    Number of possible unique inputs: 6544863
    Number of possible unique outputs: 1304233
    Number of possible valid transactions: 14030
    *******************
    Deterministic links
    *******************
    Input (3) 2.50776924 deterministically linked with output (16) 0.21502216
    Input (11) 2.53924738 deterministically linked with output (16) 0.21502216
    Elapsed time is 10987.636933 seconds.
Deterministically linked transactions mean that 100% of possible input combinations require can only be combined with a particular output. In this case, input 3 and 11 can be combined with different inputs and outputs, but are always combined with output 16, meaning the owner of output 16 was likely also the owner of inputs 3 and 11. I **believe** this has major negative impact to plausible deniability.
But the most important part of this study is the time to process this... This transaction took 3 hours to process fully. I profiled my code to figure out what took the majority of the time. This line consumed 99.6% of the computation time
    new_matches = sum(unique_possible_inputs_sums(i)==unique_possible_outputs_sums); 
which scales as 2^N inputs or outputs. If this line was ordered based on number of inputs vs outputs, there is a potential speedup. If this was put into a parallel loop, you could get about a 4x speedup by using all 4 cores.
So the practical takeaway here is that my implementation scales by 2^N and is limited by whichever N is smaller (N for inputs or N for outputs).
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:22:26
The Bitcoin protocol has measures built in to address this... it's not looking the other way - it's that bitcoin is simply going to retarget the difficulty and click on.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:05:30
Actually, bitcoin seignorage diverts resources from the general bitcoin economy to fund securing the money supply - a noble cause. Fiat seignorage  diverts resources from the general economy to fund standing armies - value judgment is left to you.
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:51:51
Thanks for the tip. I meant to give more information immediately, but I've just been busy.
So my background is in the physical sciences, and my story of coming to Austrianism is rooted in several events in my past.
The first major stepping stone was a machine learning and artificial intelligence course I took during my undergrad. If you want to teach a machine to learn, you have to understand what knowledge is in the first place - therefore this class wound up being a class on epistemology. I would say that a solid understanding of the limitations of both deductive knowledge and empirical knowledge is really important towards understanding why bitcoin's economic philosophy differs so much from main stream thinking. I had previously learned about Platonic logic, but this class actually put these concepts to test in a practical situation where I had to flesh out their implications.
A second major source of foundation for me was religious studies. I will admit that this is not the usual among anarcho-capitalists and Austrians. My background is in Reformation theology, and the 16th century reformers actually put a lot of time and energy into epistemological inquiries. This again forced me to think about how we know what we know and how we know when we actually know something.
Then came Ron Paul, and he introduced me to the Austrian School.
As it turns out, around the turn of the last century there was a debate among economic scholars as to the scope and nature of economic inquiry. The Austrian School viewed economics as a deductive science, while the Keynesians viewed economics as an empirical science (without a null hypothesis might I point out).
I could not summarize this difference better than Hans-Herman Hoppe:


then Mises says of the science of economics: 


mathematics, a priori. They are not subject to verification and falsification on the ground of experience and 
facts. They are both logically and temporally antecedent to any comprehension of historical facts. They are a 
necessary requirement of any intellectual grasp of historical events. [2] 


discipline like applied logic than, for instance, with the empirical natural sciences, Mises proposes the term "praxeology" 
(the logic of action) for the branch of knowledge exemplified by economics. [3] 


justification, which distinguishes Austrians, or more precisely Misesians, from all other current economic schools. All the 
others conceive of economics as an empirical science, as a science like physics, which develops hypotheses that require 
continual empirical testing. And they all regard as dogmatic and unscientific Mises's view that economic theoremslike 
the law of marginal utility, or the law of returns, or the time-preference theory of interest and the Austrian business 
cycle theorycan be given definite proof, such that it can be shown to be plainly contradictory to deny their validity. 
My primary employment is in the realm of empiricism. I'm work on a device that stores data in the angular moment of electrons. Empiricism is the reason my employer will spend $1 Billion to figure out something that at the end of it all, we can scribble on a blackboard in 5 minutes. Empiricism always produces messy and impartial understanding, and requires continual testing and retesting, often leading to dead ends. If we had a deductive path to achieve our ends, we could simply work it out on the blackboard and skip all of the experiments! In my case, we simply don't have this option available.
A century after this debate erupted, we can see that the Kaynesians won. Kaynesianism would draw some lines and charts that showed government spending increased wealth. Axiomatic deductive arguments could prove that government spending makes society poorer. Not so surprisingly, government funding would promote Kaynesianism for the next 100 years, and Austrianism would be marginalized to a minority position.
Interesting Books:-
* Economics in One Lesson - Henry Hazlitt (read this one!)
* Economic Science and the Austrian Method - Hans-Herman Hoppe 
* Human Action - Ludwig von Mises
* Man, Economy, and State - Murray Rothbard
* The Law - Frdric Bastiat
Hazlitt is perhaps one of the best expositions of how the conclusions differ in the Austrian School. **Pertaining to your original question**, this book is probably the best if you just want to understand the functional consequences of QE on the economy, but the philosophical underpinning of *why* Hazlitt looked at things differently isn't explicitly described (this book was originally published in newspapers, and the *whys* of it all would have been over the head of the average reader).
The second book, authored by Hans-Herman Hoppe, describes the difference in *whys* between the Austrian and Keynesian schools.
Mises' Human action is *the* why book! If I recall correctly, the first volume of the work deals with the epistemological justification for praxeology, or the study of human action as an axiomatic deductive science. I would consider this a very advanced book - **graduate level** for sure. You can find the audio book online and can listen to it while commuting.
I read Rothbard after Mises. In hindsight, Rothbard is much easier and may be worth reading first. He walks through a Robinson Crusoe type economy and then expands to a full fledged economy. I found every step of his logic extremely important, but if you simply skim the book you might find the arguments pedantic (which I would disagree with, but this was the feedback of my parents who don't have the attention span to actually read the book carefully). When using axiomatic deduction, every link in the chain must be rock-solid, which is why the concepts in this book move so slowly.
I would recommend that if you read Rothbard first, you could either read volume 1 of Human Action, or at least be aware that there exists a rigorous justification for the deductive approach that Rothbard takes.
Finally, I threw Frdric Bastiat's The Law because everyone should read it :-)
In the end, you might find that some answers are lacking. I believe that the proper scope of economics is not predicting which choices people will make, but rather understanding the consequences of the fact that people must make choices. While this cannot answer all questions economist pretend to answer, it still informs our understanding of *many* questions surprisingly well!
Good luck on your journey of education!
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:05:04
Do you have any argument for why Bitcoin will fail because of mining?
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:59:16
I didn't downvote you, and I agree with your logic. In a fair and just system, your objections would be heard. But are you confident that your argument is going to work in a court with a Judge who may or may not care about justice?
I'm just pointing out how it's likely to be interpreted by the government if they want.
Big picture we probably agree that privacy is good, and more of it is better. My whole motivation in pointing out the weaknesses is so that people are aware of them and can start to demand better tools. If people think bitcoin is already anonymous, then there is no incentive to fix it.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:55:37
@_date: 2015-01-17 01:17:40
@_date: 2014-11-11 08:54:53
Does increased block time create liquidity? Liquidity is what gives currency value.
Small purchases can be made in 2 seconds with bitcoin. If we're talking about zero confirmation purchases, bitcoin is more secure because it's more difficult to double spend.
SHA256 is not going to be broke for the proof of work. The different mining algorithm is irrelevant. 
Litecoin still uses proof of work. It's fundamentally the same as bitcoin.
Again. Liquidity is what gives currency value. Bitcoin has the most liquidity, and liquidity cannot be engineered into an alt coin.
@_date: 2017-03-14 04:57:30
No. Keep in mind that miners hash against the difficulty, not other miners, so their profitability in BTC is unchanged my other miners leaving. 
Also keep in mind that core could activate segwit as a soft fork immediately, so we could somewhat keep the current throughput even if block time became 4x longer.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:17:27
IRS Logic: so you're admitting to creating a taxable event without reporting it?
@_date: 2017-03-13 05:09:12
You're an idiot. You don't know how a soft fork works.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:48:10
You have a great summary. I've used an offline computer with downloaded passguardian.com but your step by step walkthrough is great! I will use it with my friends. $1 @_date: 2017-03-27 21:50:06
Do you know how old PoS is? It doesn't work. What keeps me from stake grinding? What prevents nothing at stake with a sybil attack from tricking new nodes? Yes, I read about slasher, dagger, pocket knife, or whatever new iteration they are on. None of them actually address the fundamental issue that "virtual mining" is not thermodynamically linked to the physical world. I'm not aware of actually my proposal to even mitigate stake grinding.
PoS is a stupid idea. There areally no implementations because it does not work.
PoS will always be obfuscated work, but the work involved in PoS may or may not actually contribute to security, so if PoS is always work, why not just do PoW?
@_date: 2017-03-31 18:56:53
Rare Pepe is way better than SoG
@_date: 2017-03-13 05:08:57
You're an idiot. You don't know how a soft fork works.
@_date: 2017-03-15 16:48:26
So obviously the anamolous tx is this one that pays a [$3000 tx fee]( which is exactly why saying "The average tx fee is x" is quite meaningless.
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:30:17
Luke, why isn't immediate activation of segwit via soft fork part of this list? With BU gone, it should not be contentious and would alleviate the impact of longer block times?
@_date: 2017-03-30 18:08:47
So you're saying the BU crowd is destroying bitcoin by absolutely rejecting a scalling option that increases the max block size to almost 4MB?
@_date: 2017-03-11 20:46:29
This opens the network to a less than 51% hash power doing a reorg. Let's say that there is a backlog and so most miners are mining at 50% increased difficulty. A miner could ignore the backlog and mine regular blocks faster than other miners and orphan the larger block chain.
I don't have a solution... but there are all these weird incentives that get introduced with variable block difficulty.
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:02:15
Yes! I've been trying to make this point. The purpose of miners  is to order transactions. Even the whitepaper assumes there exists some rule set that is enforced by the nodes that is external to the mining process. What determine valid and invalid transactions are the auditing nodes. Miners order transactions... Nothing more...
@_date: 2017-03-10 08:18:54
Proven to have no deterministic solution... The reason bitcoin can solve it without violating those proofs is that the solution is probabilistic but converges exponentially, therefore providing good assurance of concensus while simultaneously not violating the previous proofs that showed it could not be done. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 02:00:32
Yes, I have 300GB/month data cap. Most developed countries have caps between 50GB and 500GB/month. I cannot run a full node anymore without a commercial Internet connection. When the only people running nodes are on commercial connections, they are much easier to register and control.
@_date: 2017-03-10 01:26:11
Gavin is proposing an uncoordinated, ad-hawk UAHF.


His solution is simply to let users add a consensus rule, but instead of doing it in a coordinated fashion like a UAHF, he's proposing just doing it in the moment...
@_date: 2017-03-18 15:41:59
Luke, is ray tracing asic resistant? It's a problem that Hollywood has had a large financial incentives to find for a very long time, but as of yet no one has come up with a solution (besides gpu).
PoC? I work for a semiconductor company and have an analyzer with 128TB (yes, TB not GB) of DDR4. It's used to capture the data stream for an entire memory bus. That thing would completely destroy any PoC system.
@_date: 2017-03-29 16:32:10
Bruce, those people who didn't know segwit had a capacity increase probably shouldn't have say in technical specifications.
What people should care about is tx/sec, but what the BU crowd has focused on is that tx/sec must come from changing a very specific variable in the code, and can only be accomplished by changing that variable only.
Think of how absurd it would be for a technical manager of a project telling his engineers that a particular variable is the one that can be change. It would be bad enough for a technical manager, but even worse for lay people who didn't even know segwit increased block size.
And FWIW, segwit was announced from day 1 as having a capacity increase. If you did know that, why weren't you advocating for it? Were you playing to political games too? On the flip side, if you didn't know it, you're overestimating your ability in this space.
*Edit: Segwit existed before the scaling bitcoin conference, but I believe it was at the scaling conference that they figured out how it could be deployed as a soft fork with increased block size... so I should have said it was announced as a blocksize increase since it first became more widely known at the scaling conference.
@_date: 2016-06-16 16:25:18
So I can sympathize with you. I work in the physical science, and I would have balked at this comment just 5 years ago.
Do you consider mathematics to be a hard science even though it is not follow empirical methods of falsification? The Pythagorean Theorem is not susceptible to empirical falsification by observing many triangles because it has a deductive proof. If we observe a triangle who's hypotenuse appears to be different that predicted by Pythagoras we would immediately assume that either our measurement was wrong, or we've made some other fundamental error in our assumptions (perhaps about about the curvature of our coordinate system). But one thing we would never do is call Pythagorean Theorem into question because it is an a-priori deduction.
Prior to the last century, economic inquiry was viewed as a logical science like mathematics. It has a different scope and method than what is known in popular culture as "Economics." Perhaps due to glory envy from the sucsess of the physical sciences in the 19th and 20th century, many economists deviated from this traditional branch of economics to an empirical approach, wanting to more closely align with what physicists were doing.
The problem, of course, is that empirical science requires a control, and you cannot create a control group in human society. That's why I would classify most of the empirical economic activity as something slightly below homeopathic medicine... there might be one or two good observations within it, but due to it's lack of controllable experiments, the vast majority of data is going to garbage.
Men sitting in front of a camera on the evening news and speculating whether a market will go up or down is not economics.
There is always a synergy between deduction and induction, but my field relies most heavily on induction. This is why my company will spend Billions of dollars to get something that, at the end of the day, I can scribble out on a napkin in 5 minutes. Empirical induction sucks as a method of acquiring knowledge, but in some cases it's the only tool we have in the toolbox. If we can find a deduction path to some new knowledge, it's always preferable.
Here is a quote from the book I referenced:
**PRAXEOLOGY AND ECONOMIC SCIENCE**
Mises's answer is that economics is the science of human action. In itself, this may not sound very controversial. But then Mises says of the science of economics:


In order to emphasize the status of economics as a pure science, a science that has more in common with a discipline like applied logic than, for instance, with the empirical natural sciences, Mises proposes the term "praxeology" (the logic of action) for the branch of knowledge exemplified by economics.
It is this assessment of economics as an a priori science, a science whose propositions can be given a rigorous logical justification, which distinguishes Austrians, or more precisely Misesians, from all other current economic schools. All the others conceive of economics as an empirical science, as a science like physics, which develops hypotheses that require continual empirical testing. And they all regard as dogmatic and unscientific Mises's view that **economic theorems-like the law of marginal utility or the law of returns, or the time-preference theory of interest and the Austrian business cycle theory-can be given definite proof, such that it can be shown to be plainly contradictory to deny their validity**
@_date: 2016-06-17 20:43:33
I'm agreeing with u/onetrickwolf I think you're confusing the x86 instruction set with the width of the address space (32bit vs 64bit).
@_date: 2016-06-16 04:06:36
I work in semiconductor research. My job is in material science and physics. Economics is a harder a science than the physical sciences. Its closest related field is mathematics.
There's two differing camps as to what constitutes the scope and method of economic inquiry. One side is the empirical camp (Keynesian). I think it would be generous to call this educated guesswork. It's about as scientific as 
The other camp is the deductive camp, which I believe to be the proper method (Austrian). It's scope and method is praxeology and axiomatic deduction, which means that its nature is similar to geometric proofs and deductive mathematics.
Here's a great intro by Hoppe 
@_date: 2016-06-17 18:39:02
If by CPU opcodes you mean the machine code, then yes. It is literally the lowest possible level, usually represented in numeric format only. Assembly abstracts this to human readable pnumonics.
@_date: 2017-08-27 05:37:58
I just thought the situation was funny. If anything, the experience shows that people are willing to pay high fees if it's their only option. Bitcoin is censorship resistant money, and while I find the current fees annoying (mostly because they are the result of politics), I don't think that people are going to stop using the most censorship resistant money that exists...
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:56:33
I think the difficult part is the extreme edge cases... A timelocked transaction for 10,000 Bitcoin that I have givem to my children for when they turn 35.... The time out period might need to be 50 years to be safe.... On the other hand, raising the fees on them can probably eliminate %99.9999 of legacy transactions so that their impact on scaling is eventually negligable. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:05:18
Have a sense of humor :-)
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:34:32
Haha... At least you're being a good sport about it :-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:20:23
Correct. The gag was the DMV part. They explicitly charge the registree for using a card.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:14:16
Normally would bring cash, but I had to get it done by Friday and don't have time to get cash before work... Just one of those things. This post was supposed to be humorous :-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:55:30
I've lived in 3 states... All have done this.
@_date: 2017-08-31 21:33:57
That makes no sense?
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:00:58
Yes, I think most government agencies pass the payment processing fee on to you if you pay with credit card. The DMV in ID, MN, and NY all do this. Same with most court fees. - the government prefers cash paymemts.
@_date: 2017-01-26 06:12:21
That's not what would happen. After a soft fork happens, the only way to undo those rules is to hard fork. So what you're really asking is "What would happen if 51% of the network hard forked to steel funds?"
But we could ask that same question today. What would happen if 51% of the network hard forked to increase the block reward? 
It would simply result in two networks, one with the new rules, and one with the old rules.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:15:57
I'm glad you got the joke... Not so many people did :-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:29:15
I am convinced that they simply read the headline...
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:33:07
I'm glad you got the joke... Not so many did.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:10:05
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:37:45
Please provide liquidity in a highly connected node. That's one thing that will highly benefit lightning!
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:26:15
No, we understand that miners are gaming the EDA. BCH is where every difficult adjustment is an "emergency".
@_date: 2017-08-31 20:40:43
That would require a price of $470,000/bitcoin
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:36:06
Visa always charge the merchant. Most murchants hide this fee by including in prices. The DMV does not and explicitly charges you the Visa processing fee.
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:22:54
I'm honestly surprised that so many people missed the joke.
@_date: 2017-08-31 20:09:17
A McDonald's Double Quarter Pounder currently costs 1.01 millibitcoin! We are so close to price parity!!!
@_date: 2017-08-04 00:37:24
kroll ontrack - they specialize in this.
@_date: 2017-08-30 02:30:06
No, signing a 100 input transaction on a hardware wallet can take seconds or tens of seconds... If your transaction only has a few inputs then it's very fast.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:10:25
No worries bro. Just be happy that you weren't at the DMV this morning!
@_date: 2016-12-02 23:05:36
Purchasing bitcoin is not a taxable event. Making profits at the sale of bitcoin, if the price has gone up, is a taxable event.
@_date: 2016-12-02 22:34:50
Hey bitcointaxes, I actually used your software to help compile reports. I obviously know that I report my taxes to the IRS and not Coinbase.
The issue here is that Coinbase has stated that they are going to report non-sales as sales, which is almost certainly going to trigger an audit and force me to show that I didn't do the sales they claimed. I think I should be able to do this, but it's asking me to prove a negative - which is extremely burdensome.
My contention is that if Coinbase falsely reports sales, it only causes a paperwork headache for me.
On another note, your software is extremely helpful.
@_date: 2016-12-17 16:02:33
Probably someone creating accounts and generating some post karma so that the account can be sold a year from now for vote manipulation.
@_date: 2016-12-02 23:53:13
Thanks for the clarification Dave. I think the information you provide to the customer for tax purposes is helpful and it looks like this was all confusion about what would be avaliable to the customer vs what would be reported to the IRS. You and Charlie have cleared up the confusion.
@_date: 2017-08-27 05:07:57
I'm not a big blocker... Not understanding your point? I wasn't bitching either?
@_date: 2017-08-08 05:54:18
@_date: 2016-11-01 17:46:26
Law of excluded middle... 
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:14:52
BIP148 enforced segwit just fine. I had no interest in the NYA. Don't delude yourself. You know that BIP148 would have rejected any blocks not signaling segwit.
@_date: 2016-11-23 17:36:45
More is better... that makes sense. /s
When I was in college I would take Ritalin on test days (it was perscription). Why? Because amphetamines are an awesome central nervous system stimulant to allow you to recall information. I was Vice President of the engineering honors society and graduated with honors and went on to graduate school.
I deliberately only took it on test days. Why? Because more isn't always better.
Big blocks are like amphetamine. We have to approach them very measured because more can actually be worse. I had a perscription and I know that taking a dose on test days wouldn't be harmful, but we have no idea what the lethal dose of big blocks is. We **know** there is a lethal dose, but we have no idea what it is. It probably isn't 1MB or 2MB, but we actually don't know that yet because there has been no long term study on this.
@_date: 2016-12-09 12:49:23
Segwit gives a capacity increase.


What unknowns are you talking about? Keep in mind that there is a large group of developers that see less unknown with Segwit than increasing the max block size. Segwit is the most tested upgrade to bitcoin. We have never rolled out an update that has received more peer review.
In contrast, 2MB blocks have more unknowns. Scaling of validation times is one of them. Future pruning of signature data is another.
The technical community views Segwit as safer for bitcoin while accomplishing the same capacity increase. There are one or two developers that disagree, and because they are such a small minority they've resorted to politics.
You've been caught up in it. 


See, you've been convinced that a 2MB block is safer or that Segwit has some unknown collateral or would be implemented differently as a HF. Why do you think this? If Segwit was implemented as a HF it would be exactly the same except for the witness commit being included in the block header... that's it - the location of a hash. That's the technical debit that comes with segwit... moving one hash.
This is why a disconnect has grown between the community. There is a large group of dissenters with little technical knowledge who continues to make ridiculous claims like Segwit has technical debt.
@_date: 2016-11-08 14:59:32
I agree! Roger is wrong on scalling, and his approach is devicive and harmful, but ad hominem attacks do nothing to clarify the discussion. Please stop attaching the word "felon" to Roger's name unless we're having a conversation about firework regulations. 
@_date: 2016-12-17 21:34:20
My sincerest apologies if this is all legit. Stick around for a few years and you'll see why there is a lot of skepticism. Welcome to Reddit by the way.
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:19:38


It's difficult to tell who's genuinely here to learn, and who's hear to just to stir up controversy and misinformation. The way you came across was quite confident, but reading your post it's apparent that you don't understand LN and probably haven't read the whitepaper.


Please go back and read the white paper or watch the presentations from Poon.
Just to clarify one point, LN transactions **are** Bitcoin transactions. How would you use LN to do fractional reserve? Can you create a bitcoin transaction that has more outputs than inputs - thereby creating new bitcoin? No... it would be an invalid transaction. But since all LN transactions are bitcoin transactions, and all LN transactions must follow all of the rules of bitcoin, then it should be obvious that no one will use LN network to do fractional reserve.
Again, I would highly suggest that you watch the Poon videos and read the white paper.


Dude... what are you talking about? No one will be forced to use LN.


What do you mean by this? All LN transactions are Bitcoin transactions, and must follow all of the rules of Bitcoin. There is a sense in which all LN transactions are "on chain", it's just that all of the intermediate states are not published.
Why is "on the chain without an intermediary" so important to you? I suppose it's because you're concerned with preserving the censorship resistant and immutable nature and trustless nature of Bitcoin transactions. For most cases, LN will provide those same features using the Bitcoin blockchain (although without publishing the intermediate states).
If your insinuation is that LN uses a trusted counterparty, then you simply don't understand LN. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 20:20:39
Isn't it again to their teams of service to buy bitcoin and then sell them to third parties? They are assuming that every action their customers took was against their own TOS!
@_date: 2016-11-04 20:06:58
There are a lot of really smart people who have lost quite a bit trading bitcoin.
Keep in mind that when you read a book about the success of some trading strategy, that all your receiving is anecdotal empiricism.
Here's what I mean by this. Imagine 1000 people try a new trading strategy. This trading strategy has no net effect on the outcome of your trading. Because there will be a distribution of outcomes (lets assume Gaussian), you will have a few people who are more than 3 sigma above the average. Their outcomes look great!... but it has nothing to do with the effectuates of their methodology. Of course, there is also a person 3 sigma below average. But these people don't write a book and sell it on Amazon. It's the person who was 3 sigma above that writes the book.
But the problem is even worse. If the trading method actually hurts your overall chances, but it is employed by enough people (say 10's of thousands), then you're bound to have someone who was very successful while following it, even though for you it would only harm your outcome.
Trading is a very difficult thing. I have friends who work at large financial firms (all PhD's in mathematics, physics, computer science), who can get pulverized by the market. They have tools you will never have (the ability to aggregate every news feed and respond in nanoseconds to it).
I have tried predicting the price of bitcoin in the minute, hour, day, week, and always been wrong. I've lost a significant portion of bitcoin doing it (although I've always gained on dollar nominated basis).
Your best bet is to think about where you think bitcoin will be 5 or 10 years from now, and act on that prediction. Even 1 year timescale is too short in my opinion.
Not nearly as exciting, but I will be more profitable in the long run. Warren Buffet used to ask the question - if the stock market was frozen for 5 years and you could not buy or sell, what would you own going into that? That's a really good way of thinking about it!
@_date: 2016-12-02 20:38:04
Hi Dave,
I don't think you understand the misinformation that you are spreading.
My accountant reviewed all of the guidance, and specifically the position of the Treasury on the FBAR.
According to the guidance offered, we do not have to track all bitcoin movement. Doing so would be tantamount to requiring an effective FBAR. My accountant understood that, as property, we would have to keep records of all buy/sells, but not transfers.
By reporting movements between addresses as sales, this puts the burden of the FBAR back on us, because it means that we need to account for all of our addresses.
Of course, I know that you won't make this decision, but you are putting us in a position where you are going to be reporting false information, which will confuse the auditor.
It's the same situation as if I went to the bank to take something out of my safety deposit box and the bank reporting it to the IRS as income. No such requirement exists, and it would be simply wrong to claim that as income. By reporting it as income (which is false), you're only going to cause paperwork nightmares for your customers!
@_date: 2016-12-08 16:31:07
@_date: 2016-12-03 03:15:22
Good suggestion. I'm not at my computer but put up a basic edit. Will clarify more when I'm back at a computer.
@_date: 2016-12-02 23:37:05
Can confirm. I work in the semiconductor industry and my research is on storing data in the angular momentum of electrons. We only have a few generations left. Switching to new physics will give us a one time boost. Scaling 3d adds another dimension, but things are going to get really slow around here.
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:41:13
You mean the one where Roger talked about his stuck transaction with a $50 fee and blamed it on small blocks? He forgot to mention that the reason his transaction didn't confirm had nothing to do with small blocks, but transaction malleability. So big blocks wouldn't have solved his problem, but segwit would have.
@_date: 2016-12-12 13:33:30
Price will get too high and it will become worthless...
@_date: 2015-08-30 01:47:57
Thanks for the correction. I had to re-read your paper. Sorry for contributing to the Eternal September.
@_date: 2015-08-14 16:57:07
Right, because the average demographic is 35 year old male with advanced education and working in technology... You know, the kind of people who get their cars repossessed and can't pay their bills.
@_date: 2015-08-06 18:54:02
Yes. Bitcoin cannot be an efficient market because it would requires that people first understand the consequences of future inflation rates in order to price them in. I suspect that 99% of people have not even considered the impact of the next several block halving, and are therefore unable to have include it in their valuations (which remains near zero for most). The last block halving was misunderstood and called a bubble. I believe next year the same will happen. It will take 2020 for the average person to realize what is happening.
@_date: 2015-08-28 21:25:37
If a miner can mine a block at less than 100% difficulty, this can lead to intentional orphaning if other miners blocks.
To solve this, might I suggest the increase in specific block difficult is the abs(change_vote), that way changing both up and down has equal cost? If all miners are in a position where increasing our decreasing block size is beneficial, they have little reason for orphan a voting block from a peer. Individuals voting against the benefit of their peers will, however, carry a cost in both directions. In your proposal there might be excess incentive to vote for smaller bocks against the interest of all miners.
@_date: 2015-08-26 04:33:18
@_date: 2015-08-30 15:14:19
The lowest energy state depends on the media, but it's either 00000... Or 010101.... If each bit that is not in the low energy state contains a minimum of 1.1eV, then the mass of the information is simply m=E/c^2... I believe this gives a factor of 2 off, but I have to look up why (I'm recalling back many years). This is sufficive to say, all information has mass if it's located in spacetime. I once calculated the mass of the blockchain, which is non-zero...
@_date: 2015-08-18 17:42:33
It's totally amazing that you got down voted!
@_date: 2015-08-25 13:51:16
Not trustless... Just very low trust. Under extreme cases the miners could reorg the chain and steal your funds. It's not trustless like bitcoin mining is trustless.
@_date: 2015-08-19 02:17:21
A backdoor is an intentional security hole for the purpose of allowing someone other than the property owner gaining access to a system. This appears to be a security bug. Concerning? Very. Backdoor? No. Misleading and dishonest title.
@_date: 2015-08-30 02:26:26
I understand that only the unadjusted difficulty would count towards the longest chain. I wrote a similar proposal a few months before you here: [Individual Block Difficulty Based on Block Size](
I also am probably not the first to think of this.
One issue I had when I was thinking through this proposal was that it allows a miner to inflate their effective hash rate by mining smaller blocks. This was pointed out initially by jonny1000.
If a miner has 30% of the network hashing power, and the minimum difficulty is 50%, they can switch to mining blocks that are 50% less than blocksize cap and for the purposes of longest POW chain they have 60% of the network hashrate.
I let my thread die because both Greg and Gavin had seen it, and because I didn't have a solid proposal to prevent this attack.
The key to your proposal is that the range is limited to a rather narrow band. I think this is better than what I proposed, but it is not clear that this solves all the problems.
* 1. If we found ourselves in a situation where the block size needed to rise quickly, it is possible that almost all miners would be producing 25% larger blocks. Even if the range is bound to the +-25% as you proposed, this leaves room for a nefarious miner to mine a 25% smaller block while all his peers are voting for large blocks and inflate his effective hash power by 60%... that's a pretty big advantage. It might even be large enough for him to start orphaning blocks or perform a 51% attack.
* 2. Everyone will be incentivised to mine for the first 20 seconds after a new block with the lowest possible difficulty (so 25% smaller block) until they can validate the block they received. This means any time there is are successive blocks solved, they will automatically be votes cast for smaller blocks.
* 3. Voting for the status quo actually costs something, since you're missing out on the "rebate" you get when you cast a vote for smaller blocks. For all effective purposes, the miners will consider the 25% smaller block to be the baseline since it cost them something to vote for the nominal block size.
As a counter proposal, consider this: What if any vote costs extra POW, whether for an increase or decrease in the block size?
I'm fairly certain that your proposal as it stands opens new attack vectors and also decreases the threshold for a 51% attack to 51%*(min_difficulty/max_difficutly) under situations where the majority of the network is mining at max_difficutly.
@_date: 2015-07-21 15:40:56
What next, are you going to start putting the Complete Works of Satoshi Nakamoto in the night stands of hotels? :-)
@_date: 2015-08-25 22:09:59
This is not true. The atomic swaps are fixed exchange rate.
@_date: 2015-08-06 01:42:16
They are always identical in every way.
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:33:27




Or that the twin brother is really a doppelganger-alter-personality of the same person.
But my comment was meant to say that some people will exchange $280 worth of dollars, some people will exchange $280 worth of labor/art/knowledge/products, and finally some people will exchange $280 worth of POW. Exchanging dollars or POW for bitcoin is identical in that you're exchanging the same value for a bitcoin, and because of arbitrage between markets, bitcoin bought with any of these units of value will have the same impact on price.
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:50:41
I came just to make this comment!
@_date: 2017-11-04 00:21:11
All lightning states are valid Bitcoin states. Can you describe any scenario in which a lightning transactions is not a 100% valid Bitcoin state? No... Therefore I suspect you are a concerned troll.
@_date: 2015-07-26 01:48:27
No, we're at the point where the second dude is dancing and no one else has come yet. There are probably 10,000 people who actually store a sizable portion of their wealth in bitcoin. I'm not talking about people who own one bitcoin... I'm talking about people who live off bitcoin. In 15 years that number might be 1,000,000,000... so we're still at about 0:50
@_date: 2015-07-31 05:36:06


The max block size could be hard coded to go to zero in four years... everyone would agree to address it then :-)
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:18:25
Why not mine Bitcoin cash classic. The EDA was designed so that the blockchain would survive no matter what. Since they are forking to a new EDA, and since the new EDA will also get gammed, someone should be keeping the old bcash chain alive so that after the new one fails they have something to come back to. It also adds confusion to the bcash ecosystem.
@_date: 2015-07-16 17:26:00
Haha... Matlab is my curse. I can do so much with it that I simply cannot justify switching. I was once proficient at c++. I even taught a c++ course. Those skills are now dormant. Curse Matlab!
@_date: 2015-07-16 17:17:36
But if the dollar doesn't exist, then the sovereign bond markets don't exist either, so you've underestimated bitcoin's value by at least a hundred trillion.
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:50:39
This type of analysis epitomizes why empiricism fails - the author cannot separate cause and effect. To say that accumulation of private capital doesn't impact ones economy is utter foolishness. My employer would not exist without the private accumulation of tens of billions of dollars.
@_date: 2015-07-29 10:44:23
You're appealing to a feaudalistic fallacy that economies are fixed and everyone fights over their own piece of the pie. Adam Smith addressed this in the Wealth of Nations where he showed that people can have more by growing the pie.
The blockchain can facilitate the division of labor, which increases wealth for all. Today there is almost no division of labor in Africa. Every village has a subsistence economy. By bringing the blockchain to Africa, it allows some villages to produce clothing, while others produce building materials, while others produce educational material. This specialization is what Africa needs to rise up out of poverty.
If you step back from your argument for a moment, the underlying assumption is that the total GDP of Africa will stay fixed. But Adam Smith argued that if you give these people the tools to increase productivity (namely the division of labor) the total output of goods and services will increase, thereby making them all wealthier.
@_date: 2015-07-31 15:27:43
How dare you make a sound deductive argument in response to a random emperical observation. We all know correlation means causation!
@_date: 2015-07-10 16:17:10
Correction: like hot pots
@_date: 2017-04-19 21:40:15
By opting out do you mean stealing the coins of segwit users? Maybe I'm missing something but what do you mean by "truly" opt out?
At minimum, you have to realize that others are doing segwit... is that what you mean by being forced to participate?
@_date: 2017-04-01 12:50:10
Experts agree we need segwit
@_date: 2017-04-22 03:41:51
I think you're reading that paragraph a little pessimistically. You said LN is just going to just mirror the traditional banking system.
That paragraph isn't saying that LN will be just like banking (and if you think that, I believe you've misunderstood LN). Rather, it says that it will be a routed network instead of a broadcast network, and can be router on several tiers.
That paragraph is saying that LN will be *like* banking or Tier-1 ISPs in terms of routing, not in terms of trust.
One key difference is that, while banking requires significant counterparty risk, LN will have little or even *near* zero counterparty risk (depending on the lock period of the channel).
How do you propose that it will "just mirror the traditional banking" when you maintain full control of your funds?
As for the claim there will be centralization, star-like networks, monopolies etc., why would you figure that? On the contrary, the fact that LN requires a hot wallet means that it is very unlikely that large companies, say Coinbase for example, will become centralized LN hubs. That would require Coinbase to put all of their funds in their hot wallet, which would make them hugely susceptible to risk. This would make large, centralized hubs very expensive to route through, which will encourage a more ad-hoc network to form.
EDIT: I would agree with you that you need to find a path, but I'm not sure it's going to be few single hubs... my guess is that there will be about the same order of magnitude as the number of full nodes, which means several hundred to maybe a thousand.
@_date: 2017-04-19 20:15:11
Are you sure you understand? I'm not so sure, because it seems like you think you would be forced to support segwit. Segwit is entirely opt-in which means you can continue to use plain old vanilla bitcoin indefinitely after segwit activates. If you're uncomfortable, don't use it.
@_date: 2017-04-21 18:16:45
You've been reading too much propaganda. Segwit is ready, and the only thing keeping it from working are the same people who told you it's not working.
@_date: 2017-04-20 23:10:42
Fake news!!!!
@_date: 2017-04-21 18:17:40
Why do you believe lightning would basically just mirror the traditional banking system?
@_date: 2015-07-31 18:44:54
If Lawskey was Super Nintendo, then his replacement must be N64
@_date: 2018-03-05 18:02:43
If you randomly made up words, it is expected that 1 out of 16 attempts at this would generate a valid wallet. The valid one could be the first attempt, or it might be the 20th attempt. Probabilities don't tell you which attempts will be successful. They only tell you long term averages.
Since you tried 2 attempts, your chances we're 0.12109 (a timy bit less than 1 in 8). The way to think about this is that if there were 8 parallel world's, one of "you" would have generated a valid key accidentally, whereas the 7 other "you" would have gotten an error. Those are pretty high chances that you just found another random wallet. You are very likely the one "you".
The good thing is that your funds should be secure and you only have to generate about a hundred wallets and the chances of you finding your original is **extremely** high. In fact, chances are very good that if you generate only a handful more you'll probably find them. Just try a few more tries.
@_date: 2017-09-26 05:22:39
So I had the coinbase widget do that. I woke up and saw Bitcoin was about $3 and thought to myself... "Well, it was an experiment!" I was surprisingly zen about it. I went to the bathroom and came back and checked reddit to see what serious bug had just destroyed nearly all my wealth, only to find nothing unusual. I checked the app again and saw it was mBTC. I spent a surprisingly long time thinking Bitcoin was dead and I was surprisingly ok with it...
@_date: 2018-03-05 18:06:31
Your act of guessing is probably an exponential distribution, which means that in most universes your next guess will be the correct one. In a few universes, you will have to make 2 guesses, and in some very improbable universes you will have to make 100 guesses (this would be like the probability of getting struck by lightning). Good news is that your **next guess** is probably the correct one!!!
@_date: 2017-09-01 18:33:40
Transactions are about 10 cents each...
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:05:42
I had the same question. The viscosity of the fluid is much higher, which puts extra load on the motors, but at the same time the motor coils are also cooled by the dielectric fluid. My guess is they will be fine, but it really could go either way.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:08:23
At minimum, if bitpay became non-viable, they would be bought up by coinbase. They're not going to simply close shop and leave all of the value they've built go unliquidated.
@_date: 2017-10-28 17:06:53
I agree with the sentiment. That said, a POW change can be accomplished via a soft fork that rolls out gradually. For example, you could require the hash based POW, but also require an additional POW which gradually increases in difficult over time. The proper way to change the POW would be to phase in the new POW over some long period of time. Perhaps 2 to 5 years. This gives all companies currently investing in mining to get their ROI and shift accordingly.
One major problem to this is finding an algorithm to manage the two independent POW algorithms. I'm not aware of any good proposals to gradually do the phase out of the SHA and increase the new POW difficulty.
Second, if it takes 5 years to phase in a new POW, the current mining industry might have decentralized I. The mean time, so the change would be meaningless and might actually introduce new problems.
I'm on the side of sitting it out and waiting.
@_date: 2015-04-08 15:52:51
I didn't know this about him. Being involved with the creation of flash demonstrates that he's been really sucsesful in past endeavors! Despite its flaws, flash was developed during a time when web video still sucked.
@_date: 2015-04-24 16:59:26
I'm not using purse.io because I don't want the police coming to my door because I received products purchased with a stolen credit card. Otherwise is would sign up immediately! 
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:18:55
I love lighthouse, but how would this even help in this situation?
@_date: 2017-09-27 13:19:45
I've cashed out enough that I will always be able to say I've done very well with Bitcoin. At the same time, most of my welth is still in Bitcoin, but I'm ok with losing because I know the risks. I think that if you've been through several bubbles and crashes, you kind of get that it could all be gone tomorrow.
But I agree.... Don't leave more in Bitcoin than you are willing to lose, even if the amount is from gains.
@_date: 2015-04-14 18:37:08
I am signing up with bitwage to take a portion of my W2 pay in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:45:00
Uhhh... That's what he said openly. How was that being nice? He literally said bitcoin lacks legitimacy.
Not everyone on r/bitcoin is a socially inept idiot who cannot interpret human relations.
@_date: 2015-04-02 15:52:34
I am a personal friend of  one of IBM's Vice Presidents.
I've discussed bitcoin with him. His hangup is that bitcoin needs "legitimacy". They would like to see the "technology" integrated with fiat systems that have "backing."
He's a wonderful guy, and I think if he did some self examination he would entirely align with the ideals of bitcoin, but most people never examine their presuppositions about the world. I'm still working on that, but you can only go so far without burning someone out.
@_date: 2015-09-15 20:03:42
Will you need to limit the journal space, or will the bandwidth of the reviewers cause a quality market to arise ;-)
@_date: 2015-09-10 03:29:02
You are absolutely right. Sorry about that.
@_date: 2015-04-09 15:34:56
By "edit the minutes to make yourself look better" do you mean release more information, some of which was censored? I don't know what the redacted information was, but if by releasing more information it changes the picture, that's not "edit the minutes to make yourself look better."
@_date: 2015-04-06 21:49:23
I love whiskey. I just started making my own. Satosi's Still is my private label. I'm planning on getting a barrel etched with the label and block height.
I started making my own because I love it too much. Sorry I'm not in the buying market.
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:51:55
We need 8 years...
@_date: 2015-04-10 01:10:52
It's simple... I go to Target, fill my cart, and then once I know my total I purchase a gyft card in line.... now this doesn't work.
@_date: 2015-09-26 04:14:47
Epic literalism!
@_date: 2015-04-16 16:50:45
After being introduced to Patrick Byrne's deepcapture.com, I'm not so sure anymore. According to him, all of the capital markets are actually owned by the DTCC, and you have contractual rights to the privileges of ownership - i.e. you own the DTCC's debt. You only have ownership if you have the physical paper stocks.
@_date: 2015-04-28 00:18:58
No... Bitcoin just needs more halvings
@_date: 2015-09-04 21:39:17
No.... Because if it worked we would already be using it. Most new physics takes 20 years to reach consumer products. GMR was a screamer and reached product in about 10 years.
@_date: 2015-09-10 02:15:19
This is why we need bitcoin and censorship resistant markets. I hope some day we can have anonymous futures markets that cannot be shut down.
@_date: 2015-04-19 15:10:52
Yes, because when there was the earthquake in Japan that caused half of the hard drive head manufacturing to go offline, remember how there was no incentive to manufacture hard drives anymore? No, of course not. The price of hard drives simply doubled. It is demand for bitcoin that funds and determines the size of the mining market. If there is demand for bitcoin, the price of bitcoin will simply increase until equilibrium is met. Your argument is very old and untrue. I suggest you read "Economics in one Lesson" which can be downloaded as a free e-book.
@_date: 2015-09-30 04:04:21
The best art comes from a society where physical goods abound, and people are free to explore and muse the less noticed aspects of life. I would say the best art comes from those who worry least about food. It's why the majority of art in the past came from people who had wealthy patrons.
@_date: 2015-09-09 17:33:18
Haha... Transparent-proof-of-stake (TPOS)!
@_date: 2015-09-04 23:44:13
Giant magnetotesistance. It's how your HDD reads the data on your HDD.
@_date: 2015-09-22 15:35:56
As the holder of something like 3 or 4 semiconductor patents, and with about 7 in the queue, here is how I interpreted it...
They are filling these patents with almost no hope they will get granted. If they get denied on the grounds that they are public domain, they have assurance that their core services that are 'distinctive' to them are public domain. Any lawsuit in the future and they can point to them and say 'public domain'.
Patents are a horrific system. I despise them, but my multi-billion dollar, multi-national employer would be stupid not to have defensive IP. It's a drain on the system, but until the system gets abolished we really don't have a choice.
@_date: 2015-04-21 13:27:02
Maybe not useful now, but if we have another bubble there will be a whole flock of new people asking these questions. How about keeping it through one more hype cycle and seeing how much traffic it gets?
@_date: 2015-04-21 13:31:44
This just means they did no auditing for years, or they knew of the problem and didn't fix it for years. This looks pretty bad for the Gox team.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:01:49
Things seem fine with bitcoin to me. The foundation is experiencing some drama right now, but they are not bitcoin, and they are not responsible for innovation within the bitcoin space. Sure, there are some issues that need to be worked out. There are really only two key people at the foundation - Gavin and Pieter. I think the community will find a way to make sure they are taken care of.
Edit: Corrected spelling of Pieter from Peter
@_date: 2015-09-24 18:47:41
I can confirm my transfer and buy/sell limit is $3000. I just logged in to check. Some people were saying $300... I am fully validated and when they asked me the KYC questions, I answered without complaining. They last asked me about two weeks ago... Maybe it was in preparation for this change.
@_date: 2015-09-22 20:39:28
You must not have any patents
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:03:11
700C is incompatible with CMOS... It's the difference between dopant migration.
Tin melts at just over 230c...
You cannot get the electricity out of this.
@_date: 2017-10-09 20:56:48
This is perhaps the best troll I've ever seen!
@_date: 2015-04-20 21:09:05
They still make screensavers?
@_date: 2017-10-11 01:14:31
We need a paycoin wallet asap!
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:40:59
As a very strong bitcoin advocate, I fully agree with this post.
@_date: 2015-09-23 18:15:50
We have a working technology... It's called a market price. Hydrocarbons need to be dug out of the ground, therefore they are scarce. This scarcity, combined with their usefulness already leads to a market price. There is no need to invent new technologies to create a price when the market already works fine.
@_date: 2015-09-04 23:50:29
@_date: 2017-05-22 08:19:08
@_date: 2015-03-02 18:16:04
I got this with my new AMEX card... It reminded of the conflict of interest the MasterCard rep had in assailing financial privacy. 
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:01:54
Came from 
But redirects to appgyft.com and deal sounds too good to be true.
**Edit 1:** Sad... the addresses this site is giving are used addresses. I'm assuming bitpay does not reuse addresses. If my assumptions are correct, then this site most definitely is not legit. Some have already fallen victim. 
**Edit 2:** The site is using an exchange rate of $321/BTC, while bitpay is currently offering about $359/BTC. Further evidence point towards this appgyft.com site is a scam.
**Edit 3:** I have submitted tickets to gyft and bitpay. Since this is scam site operating without consent, it is unlikely they will be able to do much immediately, which is rather sad.
**Edit 4:** Just received email confirmation from both Gyft and Bitpay **that this site is a scam.**
@_date: 2015-11-13 00:03:41
Don't you want a fair trial and the truth more than a conviction? I'm not sure anyone has enough information to know whether there was embezzlement. It seems likely that he lied to his customers about the use of cold storage, and he made horrible business decisions. If that's the extent of his guilt, that justifies serious punishment, but not not nearly what embezzlement would justify.
We should value truth and justice above revenge. Truth and justice take a little longer that we might like.
@_date: 2015-03-29 04:26:08
Dude... that page is epic!
@_date: 2015-11-12 22:10:18
I personally am a fan of "hella" - 
@_date: 2015-11-25 05:59:41
Admittedly, real reform is unlikely; at least the kind I'm talking about. However, just because it's not what our government will allow doesn't mean it's not the solution we need.
When I was a teenager, I could only get crappy ISDN for $120/month, and they capped me because my local telco had to pay royalties per kb of data transferred across Charters territory. Charter didnt service me. My telco didnt buy bandwidth from Charter. They purchased it from Comcast, but the line crossed Charter territory, so they had to pay tribute. The telcos residual from the geographic breakup of Bell, and each region is given a government enforced monopoly over their plot of land. Thats why there are no competing cable providers. There may be competition between DSL and cable, but never DSL with DSL, or cable with cable, because it is not allowed. The telecomm monopolies need to lose all of their government protection.
If the infrastructure is so expensive, they shouldnt need to worry about competitors coming in and laying new lines, because the presupposition is that no private capital could do this.   Hazlitt has a great exposition refuting this. All infrastructure is funded by private capital, and private capital only. 
If you are persuaded by Hazlitt, then we can see that private capital is more than enough to re-build the infrastructure. It has already been done once; no reason it cannot be done again.
But the issue goes deeper than that. The FCC is under complete regulatory capture. Its very existence is to ensure corporate monopolies on communication. An interesting book on the subject is The Master Switch: The Rise and Fall of Information Empires which was featured in parts on LTB.
To illustrate this point, the cellular market consists of one half that is highly regulated (the cellular service itself), and another half that is almost entirely anarchistic (the mobile device). In the past 20 years, we have gone from briefcase phones to mobile video conference stations. Keep in mind the first 3G phones (what I would call the first usable mobile internet) was only about 6 years ago. Its incredible to thing that weve gone from iPhone 3Gs and Motorola Droids in so few years. Its self that the unregulated devices has gotten better at an astounding rate.
In contrast, the cellular provider has made little to no improvement. Verizons billing and customer service is horrible. I was traveling internationally, and Verizon made a billing error (they added the wrong international plan). We called up billing and made an agreement to correct the bill and we would pay the correct amount (more than normal, but less than the $1000 they had charged us). 9 months later, 50 phone calls (recorded), 6 certified letters to Verizon via postal mail, talking with 2 attorneys, and writing letters to the Attorney General and FCC, we still have not resolved this issue.
The carriers have not lowered their prices, nor have they improved service. They are the most regulated half of cellular service, and theyve made only minor improvements over the past decades. The unregulated device manufacturers cut prices and offer more every year without fail.
Heres an idea, instead of granting a monopoly, how about we abolish the FCC and we privatize the spectrum. Courts could transition to treating the spectrum as homesteaded property. As private property, it can be protected under the doctrines of trespassing and pollution. 
By treating it as private property, it creates the incentive to carve out as many small channels as possible. Broadcast gets more expensive, and the incentive becomes to make things highly directional.
So we do away with the FCC. We do away with monopolies on broadcast TV, radio, aircraft, cellular, maritime, radiotelephone, medical, and every other government monopoly, and let the market develop the tools to divvy up the spectrum.
Again, I admit this isnt likely to happen anytime soon, but it doesnt mean this isnt the right solution.
@_date: 2015-09-22 15:28:04
Or it is possible they just flung out these applications so the patent office would deny them on the ground they are public domain, in which case they have assurances they wound get sued for the same... It's what I would do.
@_date: 2017-05-01 15:51:10
No it wasn't. Previous SF experience showed 75% to be too low because miners were signaling without validating. This caused the July fork.  95% was chosen as a minimum safe threshold because we already knew 75% was dangerous.
@_date: 2015-11-27 03:44:35
We hit a weekly high about once per week... No news here.
@_date: 2015-11-16 21:46:56
Would the miners create clean or dirty coins? Would the miners profit from dirty coins? Are transaction fees dirty or clean? Does paying miner fees with clean coins constitute supporting illicit activity? Does accepting miner fees with dirty coins constitute taking dirty money?
@_date: 2017-05-05 21:52:43
Mike Hearn writes:


Ah yes... "satoshi's vision" was inflationary money.
@_date: 2015-03-03 17:34:43
My parents used to be self employed. Now they work for a corporation with 2 employees (themselves). It allows the corporation to hold assets with better tax advantages. This could also be a contributor to the trend.
@_date: 2015-03-24 02:04:36
All of the iterations of the United States dollar that collapsed. They all collapsed because of war debts. With bitcoin the government cannot print bitcoin, so the tax must be payed before we go to war, which will make war smaller, and only happen when needed.
@_date: 2015-03-06 20:25:38
Money laundering is obfuscating the source of illegally obtained funds. How does selling a piece of property that was legally purchased even come close to that definition? Would selling gold coins on Craigslist be money laundering?
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:35:05
Yes, scam site!!!
@_date: 2015-03-31 00:15:26
Can we get some more details on how to use trezor with mycelium? It's not clear since trezor is a USB device.
@_date: 2015-11-10 17:38:21
What did Poisson know about bitcoin? Nothing! He's like 19th century. That's why I ignore him in my solid state physics.
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:40:52
Most of what you describe can be done with wallet software and mutlisig. The particular solution you propose (adding these features to the bitcoin scripting language) breaks several other things. For instance, a transaction has no idea of "pay to other person" and "return change". Both the change transaction and the payment transaction are indistinguishable. You would need to add meaning to these within the blockchain, which is a serious privacy no-go (probably impossible).
Just wait 2 years, and I think the essence of what you're hoping for will come true, but be implemented purely in wallet.
Today, you have trezor with password which generates an infinite number of wallets (one with each password). Therefore you could load a faux password with 1BTC, and load the remaining BTC into your real password. If the attacker takes your trezor and demand the password, you could give him the faux password, which would work and reveal 1BTC. From his perspective, the device and password worked, but contained less than he hoped. If this doesn't satisfy him - you were dead anyway.
@_date: 2015-03-10 12:26:07
Same here. Slashdot, then radio about the first MTGOX hack and crash to $2. It wasn't until it reached silver parity that I started to buy.
Even when I first bought, I didn't understand it. I knew that bitcoin could offer freedom that was missing elsewhere. This motivated me to study the technology. It took me another year of study to really understand.
@_date: 2015-03-17 22:46:39
If the US government were to Sybil attack this system, the system would still be effective in restoring fungibility. The reason is they would somehow need to share the information, at which point they are exposed. If companies like Coinbase have a live feed for KYC reasons, it will be very hard to keep that info private. If they don't have access to the data, they cannot act on it for censorship purposes. So even mixing exclusively with someone intending to break the privacy, that party would still be presented with the dilemma of how to use that data.
@_date: 2015-03-04 16:36:43
I think the argument goes deeper than this. If the blockchain has entries, these entries must either be unlimited or limited. If entries are unlimited, there is no security. Read my response to the bitlicense proposal, section III, titled "A Hypothetical Non-Financial Peer-to-Peer Publication Platform" where I argue that a **secure** publishing network cannot exist without a token, even beyond incentivizing.
@_date: 2015-11-24 17:06:13
Telecoms exist because of government granted monopolies, not because of the broad infrastructure. If you relaxed regulations and allowed startups, we would have competition which would drive prices down. We don't need anti-oligopolly laws, we just need competition.
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:59:49
I was super excited about Purse.io until getting scammed. What is happening is that you purchase something, and the earner can go in and accept your order, then remove the item from the shopping cart, and re-add the same item off of the amazon marketplace. This allows them to effectively buy any item from a 3rd party and cheaper prices, sometimes even used or refurbished items in place of the new ones. In fact, if you have an Amazon marketplace account (like I do) you could simply purchase the item off ebay, generate an Amazon order ID, and fake the system into thinking that you purchased it off of Amazon. I started to notice this when I would order Amazon Prime items, and it would take a long time to ship (which I thought was strange), or packages would come from "Amazon Fulfillment" instead of Amazon Proper.
I reported it to support, and they seemed to think it was impossible. Needles to say that I felt a little scammed and less than enthusiastic about their reply. I still think their service is useful for spending bitcoin, but I'm cautious about what I purchase with it now.
I was really disappointed to see them focusing on extension blocks instead of focusing on the security of their product.
@_date: 2015-03-26 12:36:22
Doh! bitcoin is a non-countable noun. It's "bitcoin," not " bitcoins!"
@_date: 2017-05-05 05:36:38
If you want to PM me, I will take an order from you. I will sign a message so you can report me to purse at the end and get your money back. I will vouch for you.
@_date: 2017-05-11 06:26:04
I use bitwage and get some of my paycheck in bitcoin. We use purse and our shift card. Purse.io, when it's working, really is a good use case. You don't have too be ideological to want to save money. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 20:51:05
Any hash of a specific input is deterministic. It needs to be in order to  be verifiable. But mining is not an endeavor to find *any* hash. It's an endeavor to find a *specific subset of hashes*.
If there was some guarantee that for all Merkle roots, there exists a nonce that satisfies this subset criteria, then we could naively argue that mining was deterministic in the sense that once the miners chose their initial nonce (lets say all miners have a different initial seed, but the same root) the race had already been won by someone - we just don't know who that is. If this was true, faster block times (as seen in litecoin) might actually increase security.
The reality is, however, that it is possible that for a given Merkle root, there is no nonce that satisfies the block difficulty. When I say nonce, I mean nonce in combination with any other bits (such as time), that the miners step through.
So the winner of the mining race cannot be deterministic for a given Merkle root, because there exists the possibility that no solution exists.
The context for this thinking was when litecoin was first introduced. There were augments as to how to compare the security between bitcoin and litecoin. I was troubled for a short period because I heard the proposition that litecoin would be more secure (if equal in POW hashing power), due to its faster block time. This would only be true if, for instance, miners were trying to find a nonce to solve a specific Merkle root, but this is not true. Now that difficulty has risen far above 2012 levels, I believe that most attempted blocks have no solution.
@_date: 2015-03-26 22:39:13
I like that book :-)
@_date: 2015-03-04 16:40:52
No, you cannot have secure publishing without a token. See section III, titled "A Hypothetical Non-Financial Peer-to-Peer Publication Platform"
 
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:39:54
Just received email confirmation from both Gyft and Bitpay that the Gyft deal on this page is a scam. Most likely all deals on this page are a scam.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:38:31
Your thinking is correct... but technically we should be saying that if demand kept constant, buying pressure will remain constant. Instead, supply of new coins will halve, so the equilibrium will break and the price must rise: 
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:27:12
Came from  but redirects to appgyft.com and deal sounds too good to be true.
**Edit 1:** Sad... the addresses this site is giving are used addresses. I'm assuming bitpay does not reuse addresses. If my assumptions are correct, then this site most definitely is not legit. Some have already fallen victim. 
**Edit 2:** The site is using an exchange rate of $321/BTC, while bitpay is currently offering about $359/BTC. Further evidence point towards this appgyft.com site is a scam.
@_date: 2015-03-06 20:31:46
I fully disagree that selling legally obtained property is money laundering. What statute does this violate? Is selling your used car also money laundering?
@_date: 2015-03-31 00:11:25
Haha... I just realized they could get the same actor to play the Winklevoss twins again!
@_date: 2015-03-05 20:31:16
My comment was imprudent. I apologize.
@_date: 2015-03-25 18:07:05
Lets say that 8 billion people are doing 10 transactions per day (this means bitcoin has taken over all national currencies and would have sky-high purchasing power... like total market cap 10000 times larger that today). At this point, there would be millions of bitcoin holders who would think nothing of spending $1000/year to run their own nodes.
8e9 people x 10 transactions/person/day x 1e3 bytes/transaction = 80TB/day.
For bandwidth, this would cost you $79.99 for the GB internet connection from centurylink **in today's prices!**
For storage, you couldn't use a simple NAS server like the synology boxes, because they would probably have trouble keeping up. So you would need a nice core-i7 machine ($1500) and enough storage to store about 3 weeks worth of transactions (rough estimate), which would be 80GB/day x 21 days * 3.3cents/GB = $56, so lets just round up to the nearest thousand (yes, I'm buffering the cost by $944) and call it $1000 for storage.
Remember, the scenario you've described is where there are millions of bitcoin millionaires. The cost of a full node is $2500 one time cost for equipment, and $79.99 per month for internet. My prediction is that not only would it work, but there would be and explosion in the number of nodes, because they would just seem so cheap.
@_date: 2015-03-06 20:41:33
There is definitely a need for this. Movies pre-dvd are often quite hard to find. I've often looked for something and the only option is full price from Amazon. I would gladly pay $0.50 for older, more rare stuff!
@_date: 2016-05-10 01:54:01
Hashing is deterministic, but mining isn't.
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:06:01
Thanks. This confirms my suspicion that this was almost worthless research wrapped in the word "attack."
@_date: 2015-03-30 22:43:33
Dude... in 5 years (after 2 more halving), I'm sure there is gonna be enough capital in the bitcoin market to crowdequity a big budget movie ($250million budget, or 2500 bitcoin).
Libertarians have done a horrible job at breaking into mainstream entertainment, but this story just seems so good, it's written the plot for us. I could see a drama like The Social Network with a little bit of suspense/action!
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:57:20
Electricity is never free. Someone pays, and if people with 'free' electricity start mining, the 'free' will end quickly.
A better solution is hardware that recycles the heat for useful purposes, like a water heater. Since Voltage*Current is heat, it really doesn't matter if your run that electricity through a nickle heater element, or a bitcoin mining asic... heat is heat, and electrical usage is heat. So in this case, water heating is something that could be coupled with bitcoin mining to make it look 'free'.
By the way, residential water heating is something like ~$2Trillion worldwide market!!! Which is a huge amount of security for bitcoin :-) 
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:30:37
What about superfluid?
@_date: 2015-11-30 07:13:55
Actually, no. Semiconductors can only output something around 85C.
@_date: 2015-03-29 06:29:53
Dude... crazy how you could get downvoted so badly for making sense.
@_date: 2015-03-29 04:15:54


I was specific. The rate of new coins is more important than total coins.
@_date: 2015-03-29 04:21:04
The bitcoin market is certainly not an efficient market yet...
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:58:48
It really won't help, because finding a block is a Poisson process, meaning probabilities are not cumulative. If we reduce block time to 1 min, then about twice a year we will randomly hit a 100min block. What happens if this is on Black Friday and the line at Target stops for 100 min? Clearly this is unacceptable.
But this isn't the half of it. The short block time would result in a high number of chain forks, so a small number of confirmations would become meaningless anyway.
Short block times *really really* does nothing! Merchants will need to take unconfirmed transactions at point-of-sale. They also will not be able to handle large loss, so they will need some insurance. The cost of that insurance is simply going to be proportional to how much fraud there is. Bitcoin miners have pretty good control over this - if they don't violate the first-transaction rule, the fraud will be zero. If on the other hand choose Peter's method, insurance companies will need to come into the market, and those insurance companies will cost the merchants, and most likely require third party custodial control of your funds to keep their costs lower.
Even cash has zero-confirmation risk, because someone could pay for a good with counterfeit bills. There is no way around zero-confirmation risk, except to have a trusted third party. I didn't sign up for a bitcoin where we trust third parties...
@_date: 2015-03-28 10:31:34
He must be afraid of the microcontroller. It is possible that he has reasoned that Intel chips are more transparent about their inner workings than commodity microcontrollers.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:48:40


If bitcoin were used for every transaction, they would be worth $10M/BTC at today's purchasing power.
This would result in millions of multimillionaires. They would pretty much all have an incentive to run a full node. With $5,000 in hardware and a gigabit internet connection (Centurylink charges $79.99/month for this), it is conceivable that the number of full nodes would skyrocket. At today's equipment prices, this is **easily doable**.
If bitcoin succeeds, I for one am always going to run a full node, because paying a few hundred dollars per year to protect my investment is a no-brainer.
@_date: 2017-07-02 15:08:34
I did a tx yesterday with 20sat/byte and it was confirmed in about 3 minutes. The entire mempool was only about 1MB when I submitted it.
This really does suggest that Bitcoin was under a sustained 6 month attack. I just don't see any evidence that there has been a mass exodus of users two weeks ago. It's simply not reflected in the price.
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:27:28
bitcoin should definitely be a noncount noun like water. I give you some water, you give me some bitcoin. I can give you one bitcoin, many bitcoin, a tiny bit of bitcoin, or 0.01223 bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-07 03:43:04
There is a huge difference. You segwit allows you to validate transactions without downloanding old witness data. Essentially, it could reduce the bandwidth for fully validating nodes by 50%.
@_date: 2015-03-29 04:22:46
6/7ths is when the magic really kicks in!
@_date: 2015-10-29 15:35:04
Great response. I don't know the extent to which this might happen, but it is possible that in a down turn we would see many HODL'rs being forced to sell because of unemployment. My guess is that the average bitcoiner has &gt;5% of their net worth in bitcoin (as I do), and therefore they may have no other assets to liquidate. I could see a significant dip in bitcoin prices if the tech industry saw significant layoffs. This would have nothing to do with the long term potential of bitcoin... It would just be a hickup along the way.
I think that an over-zelous belief that bitcoin is "resession-proof" and will only ever go up in a crisis may be a recipe for disappointment. Long term; yes! Short term; no!
@_date: 2015-02-14 16:13:14
Security is abstract, therefore it has no utility. That's why home security services like ADT don't exist.
Tim brought up some interesting points a few years ago, but after a while I started to get the feeling he's just a well disguised troll. He plays the part of a "I want this to work but I just can't see how all these problems can be fixed!"
@_date: 2015-03-06 20:36:46
You miscalculated. Should have bought 97.5143129 more!
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:37:07


I think you're missing the point that zero confirmation transactions are a real world need, and they simply are going to exist. There is no way to have secure zero confirmation security without a trusted third party - either a multisig partner, or the courts in combination with your camera.
We could make bitcoin so unusable for zero confirmation that we force merchants to demand third party custodial control of our bitcoin... I'm not down with that.
We could make bitcoin bad, but usable, so that we force merchants to video tape us, scan our drivers license, and generally KYC. This would at least be distributed, which is better than a third party custodian, but really not ideal. I don't want to give my fingerprints to buy coffee, but if you make fraud so prevalent, either merchants will abandon bitcoin or demand total loss of privacy.
If there is very close to zero fraud with bitcoin, merchants won't want to hassle their customers. They would rather just take the money and be done with the transaction!
So zero confirmations isn't going away, and I would prefer bitcoin to do it, not a trusted third party who tracks everything I do - yet this is what I think you're arguing for!?!?!
@_date: 2015-03-04 01:22:35
One thing I would really like to see explored is reputation scores implemented using open transactions (OTX protocol) or some other privacy conserving scheme. If reputation points themselves were tradeable, fungible, and private it would create something radically different from what we have today.
If reputation scores can only be transferred with a 90% loss, then it keeps someone from skipping from identity to identity. Parents could 'co-sign' their children's identity by transferring some reputation to them. Default would mean permanently ruining your identity , so you would have to transfer your reputation score to a new identity and start with only 10% of your initial score.... etc etc.
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:07:34
Interestingly enough, the state transition of a magnetic grain in a hard drive is a Poisson process. The number of attempted reversals does not impact the future probability of reversal. Mining is a Poisson process. This is also what bitcoin it's security. If hashing wasn't a Poisson process, there would no mining because the proof of work would be deterministic. It was actually my knowledge of magnetics that laid the foundation for my "wow" moment in bitcoin. When I realized how it was applying a Poisson process, I was amazed at it's cleverness!
@_date: 2015-10-26 19:05:24
Roger... If this run doesn't work, please consider just going with a professional company. I have a friend who does professional web development at nerdery.com. They have maybe 500 employees, and have done some serious projects... Two that come to mind are Cisco and Peris Hilton. Anyway, for the money you have spent it seems like you could have gotten a whole team of developers and artists to pound out something professional in a few months.
I don't work for this company, so I hope I have not misrepresented anything about them, but I would be more than happy to give you a contact of someone there!
@_date: 2017-07-14 00:36:56
I hate paywalls. 
@_date: 2016-10-28 17:59:25
What will they buy when all inventory systems, accounting systems, etc. go down? You think warehouses and trucks will be delivering anything for you to buy with your gold and silver?
@_date: 2015-02-17 03:06:34
Sidechains end the need for altcoins altogether. Side chains are new blockchains with alt. features, but without a speculative altcoin. Instead, you can move real bitcoin into and out of the side chains.
@_date: 2015-03-04 17:27:24
The beauty of bitcoin is that is solves the Byzantine Generals Problem (BGP). This is done through a self-validating data structure. The blockchain does not need to appeal to **any** outside data to verify it's authenticity. As far as I am aware, it is the only piece of data in existence that can do this. This has some pretty radical implications.
FEDcoin, USCoin, or any pseudo-blockchain created with the supervision of a government or bank cannot claim to have solved the BGP, because they all must appeal to outside data for their validity. The only way they could produce a BGP coin is to produce one that does not appeal to outside data... aka they would simply recreate Bitcoin with no changes. I anticipate that it will take 5-10 years for them to come to terms with this. Only Bitcoin solves the BGP.
Here's where it matters. If the central bank sets the inflation rate, they **must** have censorship ability. You can understand this by imagining a chain fork. You would have to look to the FED to determine which chain is the valid chain, and they would have the choice to tell you which one to follow. If they have censorship ability, it puts everyone else at risk. Could you imagine China using a database for anything critical to Chinese security or economy if it was controlled by an institution outside of China? Never! If blockchains are used for all their promising applications, whoever sets the inflation rate also has total and unilateral control over the activity of the chain (since they determine which block is valid), which means the ability to arbitrarly block data, stop economies, or perform general denial of service on adversaries. If China used a US controlled blockchain, it would put them in a vulnerable position.
What the world really needs is a global, trustless database with no single party able to control it... perhaps a solution to the BGP...
What is the value of a trustless solution to the BGP? No one knows at this point, but I suspect it will be too valuable to be suppressed.
@_date: 2015-03-24 19:54:53
OK... Coming from a physics and engineering background, these sorts of attacks seem like mental masturbation. All this does is let you detect *when* a computer is processing code, not the content of the code. Am I missing something? They might call this a data leak, but its hardly unexpected. Isn't this like declaring that automobile keys are leaking data because an attacker can tell when one is in use by listening for the engine of your car? It seems like they're just trolling for academic publications.
@_date: 2015-03-30 22:35:11
Uh... the entire system is far more corrupt than we can imagine. After all, Government is organized violence.
@_date: 2017-07-02 15:40:24
Unless the price drops to $800, or where it was before the mempool exploded, then it really does point to sustained spam attack. I see no evidence of a mass exodus of users.
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:18:41
1% failure due to negligence and fraud... We've hit the ball out of the ballpark on that one!
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:19:51
Inception! Which one is the most valuable?
@_date: 2017-05-08 15:31:54
Adam, I voted $20/month simply because I find it hard to imagine a validating node requiring less than $1/month in electricity alone.
But the main concern in my mind is bandwidth caps. Bitcoin needs to be able to stay within the reach or residential internet connections. If Bitcoin requires commercial internet, or if initial sync requires a home user to spread the data across multiple months, I think that significantly reduces the decentralization and security of bitcoin.
As an example, I have a 300GB/month data cap. I *need* 150GB of that for work and other normal monthly usage such as data backups. Our family also streams video because we don't have television. When it's all said, I probably have 100GB/month left. If the block size was 8MB, within a year the blockchain would be over 500GB, which means that in order for me to bring up a new node, I would have to spread the initial sync over 6 months, but in those 6 months another 200GB worth of data would have been generated and require perhaps another 3 months of syncing. We are so close to a runaway condition where bitcoin will require a commercial internet connection to bring up any new node.
While I believe solutions can be developed (like pruning with segwit) until they are deployed and readily accessible, I don't want the block size to increase at all. If we let bitcoin go commercial only, there is no guarantee these solutions will ever get deployed. Look at the complicated incentives that have gone into activating segwit. We don't know which incentives might develop that would *want* to keep nodes out of home internet connections. If someone can make money from it, someone is surely going to try and game the system to make sure the fixes *never* get deployed.
@_date: 2016-05-10 01:53:10
This is correct. It took me a bit to grasp this... At first I was concerned that when miners set out to find a hash, it was deterministic as to which one would win... it's just that we don't know it yet. If this had been true, then litecoin would be more secure. This concerned me. After spending more time on the problem, I realized that this deterministic view is flawed... it is possible that everybody is working on Merkle root that has no hash that satisfies the block difficulty.
With magnetic states, the nice thing about them is that you can test them over and over and string the tests together, even those in which no state transition was observed, as if they had been one continuous test. This is frequently how the lifetime of a magnetic particle is measured (fitted to an Arrhenius equation) to extract an energy barrier. In an analogous fashion, the proof of work can be strung together and all of the previous attempted hashes - even by miners who lost the race, accumulate in the proof of work.
If mining was not a Poisson process, mining would be deterministic and the largest single miner, even if they were 1% of the network, could launch a "51% attach" (it would actually be a "largest miner" attack).
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:21:35
They need a deep order book. That's more important than volume.
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:01:36
How do altcoins hedge bitcoin's failure? You skipped the main question.
@_date: 2015-02-05 03:57:59
Majority is enough to fork it, but 100% consensus is required to fully change it. Is impossible.
@_date: 2015-10-02 17:16:21
Furthermore, any measure of time in the past is meaningless for the present (and by extension the future). For example, I could say a somehow less arbitrary time frame might be since my birth since it has some reference point (a wrong assertion, but let's go with it). It should be obvious that what has happened over the past 3 decades is meaningless for the next. There will not be another birth of the internet. There will not be another Paul Volker or Allen Greenspan. There will not be another Y2K. There's will not be another 9/11. There will not be another rise of Netflix and Amazon at the exact time and place of these past events. The past by definition is unrepeatable. Some find it hard to separate past and present.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:54:08
I would contact Coinbase.com privately. They can help you with security, which is something you will need if you're just entering the space. To take full advantage of bitcoin, you will want to continue to educate yourself and eventually take on the security of your own coins. But education should proceed implementation with that amount. Start with $100 and practice paper backups, restoring, etc. Armory Bitcoin Wallet is perhaps the most secure for large amounts with multisig and Shamir's secret sharing built in. After you're comfortable with $100, move in $50,000 and repeat until your comfortable. Its really easy, but my first time transferring large amounts I was quite worried. It passes with experience.
@_date: 2015-02-24 18:43:33
Shamir's secret sharing is a way of securely backing up and storing a secret. The basic concept is that you can draw an infinite number of lines through a point, but when given 2 points there is only one line that fits it. So if your secret is the line, each of the two points can be separated and stored independently. You could add a third point, and you would only need 2 of the 3 points to construct the line. It works to make any m-of-n secret using a n-th degree polynomial, but enough of the jibber-jabber. It's easiest just to play with it and see how it works.  is a great tool for trying it out without needing to know any of the math. Armory Bitcoin Wallet has this built in for doing m-of-n paper backups.
@_date: 2015-03-18 21:16:10
This isn't a free or unregulated market at all. A free market would look more like your typical grocery store (less regulation than most retail markets). In contrast, this is the free market trying to route around some of the heaviest possible regulation. 
Further more, who assumes the participants in the free market make the best decisions? I assume they choose the action which benefits themselves the most. Those who adhere to the 'free market' usually mean to bring the common good into line with individual good through constructing nonviolent social order, whereas a statist seeks to acheieve the same, but believes violence is nessesary to align these interests.
Certainly the behavior of an anonymous custodian running off with money could have been predicted. This in no way speaks to the question of whether the free market has failed. In fact, it bolsters the presupposition that people act in their own self interest (which would apply to even regulators). Are anonymous custodians the direct creation of a free market? No, only the indirect creation because traditional reputation and transparency methods have been outlawed.
The real question is if the standard market tools for trust are removed by force, will the market eventually find replacements? Were watching the experiment now, but it is far too early to declare the experiment over so soon.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:05:13
While I largely agree with what you're saying (you're positing the Efficient Market Hypothesis), this isn't always the case, and I suspect the bitcoin market is anything but efficient at the moment.
First, I think most holders are simply at the maximum amount they are able to afford/risk. If my statement is correct, then your statement can only be partially true.
Second, I think those who are outside the bitcoin community but looking in probably haven't realized this yet, and so their actions will not be in line with the EMH.
After 2 more halvings, *people will get it*, and then I think your statement will be fully true.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:14:55
I'm being used by Chase Bank at the moment. No problems with coinbase, circle, bitstamp, or gox. Most people have no problems, although I know first hand that some do. My parent's account was shut down, but I think that's because a teller freaked and ran her concerns up the chain.
@_date: 2015-02-03 02:08:55
That's not how it works, unless you have a very sophisticated coinjoin.  The loss of privacy doesn't come from taint, which would reduce as 1/(number-of-shufflers-in-pool), but from deterministic linking of bitcoin amounts or deterministic linking of change addresses. It is possible to do 10 shuffles and add no additional privacy. If you have inputs n1, n2, n3... and outputs n1, n2,... and the sum of these inputs and outputs are equal, or if the change from these are *ever* spent together, you have total loss of privacy. This analysis can be done in O(2^n) which means coinjoins with less than about 15 inputs can be analyzed instantly. Either the transaction fee needs to be fuzzed greater than the difference in inputs, or extreme care needs to be taken to never use change (near impossible), or you need to coinjoin with something like 64 people to make O(2^n) analysis impossible, which simply isn't happening.
I'm very concerned that we need to improve privacy before it becomes a big problem and you start getting tracked by your neighbor or your employer.
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:24:47
Huey Lewis never forgets!
@_date: 2015-10-02 01:16:32
Doesn't ASIC resistant strongly imply *not* botnet-resistant?
@_date: 2015-11-16 21:00:32
Yes... I do this and can confirm it works.
@_date: 2015-10-02 01:35:25
No... I think his claim is limited to it being harder for a botnet to hide if its using too much memory, but if needed I'm sure a clever designer will just look for idle periods and use whatever memory is needed only during those times.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:10:32
First, let me say thank you for all your hard work in launching an alpha! I donated the first day of your crowdfunding campaign, and I would really like to see your project succeed.
That said, if the crowd funding doesn't work out the first time around, we will get to see the first (very important) example of a significantly funded campaign that doesn't redeem and returns funds to donors. While certainly this isn't what you set out to accomplish, it will be a very important experience for the establishment of the lighthouse ecosystem.
If you reboot and come back with a new crowd funding campaign, I will donate again. In fact, my guess is that 90% of your donors will donate again, so the work so far is probably not lost, even if you don't collect the funds.
That said, if your in a position where you needed the funds immediately, without which you will be required to find employment elsewhere immediately, then I really sympathize with you :-/   but chin up! If that's the case, I would just reiterate that failing is super valuable to the ecosystem because we're still learning what happens and how to work it out.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:24:07
If he has 100BTC, we should really skip the DIY and go straight to recommending professional services!
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:16:24
Have a professional do it. Kroll on Track is a data recovery service. They've done things like reconstruct the data from damaged flight recorders. They have a cleanroom and will actually dissemble the drive if needed to get to the data. Last I recall, their services started at about $800, but you can get a free quote.
EDIT: If I recall correctly, Kroll did 9/11 flight 93 data recorder. They know their stuff. You might end up paying for it, but if you have 100BTC then it would be worth it!
@_date: 2015-02-23 20:18:02
You just argued my point. Bitcoin consists of a token that represents the value, and a network that relays these tokens. If bitcoin the token is like language, then Bitcoin the network is the infrastructure.
So is a language more useful or less useful when more people can speak it? How much does utility does a telegraph provide between to people who cannot communicate? None. I can phone someone in Germany right now on my cell phone, and it wouldn't do me a lick of good if I can't speak with them.
Same thing with the infrastructure. I have a google+ account and use hangouts. How useful is google hangouts for communicating with another English speaker if they use Skype? Each use their own proprietary infrastructure, and therefore have less utility to the general public than if they used interchangeable technology.
By definition, each blockchain is it's own isolated infrastructure - a natural walled garden if you will, except for the case of sidechains, who's goal is to have built in roadways where tokens can travel back and forth between blockchains. Of course, this only works if the tokens are fungible, which excludes altcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:43:02
The argument "all our eggs in one basket" doesn't apply to something like money. Money, like speach, is better suited the more people use it. Should we intentionally attempt to diversify language? Perhaps too many people speaking English and Mandarin is "putting all our eggs in one basket?" The concept that our communication would have too much consensus makes no sense short of the possibility that our communication could somehow fail someday. This is the reason for the existence of bitcoin, to hedge the failure of trusted third parties. How does an altcoin hedge bitcoin's failure? If bitcoin fails, altcoins fail. Diluting the market with altcoins is like putting all your eggs in one basket, but making the basket not fungible with itself. You have all the same risk, but lower the overall utility (and give cryptocurrency a bad name in doing so).
@_date: 2017-06-17 15:06:14
That's like saying that you don't think mining should be rewarded with fees or the coinbase because it should stand or fall on its own merit.
@_date: 2017-06-30 21:41:56
Another example would be remote desktop so an employee can work from home which eliminates the need for physical transportation in the first place! Kind of analogous to lightning reducing the need for every intermediate state to be published. Only initial and final states are published while intermediate are cached.
@_date: 2017-06-12 16:36:48
$7 Trillion stored in gold... there must be someone storing it?
@_date: 2017-06-12 15:56:49


Like gold
@_date: 2017-06-16 04:35:32


How did you get this idea? Did you *even* look at the code? Stop making shit up and spreading it around. It causes serious confusion and harm.