@_author: foppo12
@_date: 2018-08-04 14:11:41


Yeh I agree, but following that logic you can also do bank transfer via any form of communication. 
@_date: 2018-08-04 13:43:58
I actually did not downvote it. I don't downvote unless I actually dislike the comment. Speech is a form of communication, so is sign language, so not really any form of communication. The 'form or communication' needs to be able to interact with the blockchain. Without internet connectivity, the transaction can't be broadcasted to the network, so somewhere in the transaction sequence there must be a connected device. Yes, you can send make transactions via SMS but that will send a signal to an internet-connected device that will broadcast the transaction for you. Therefore you can't send btc without any internet connectivity. 
But I get what you mean, it is possible for a person to create a transaction via several forms of communication, just not to broadcast it to the network.
@_date: 2018-08-04 14:42:45
Yes, but you need to send that to a node that is connected to the internet, and that will send it for you. I can go to the bank and tell them to transfer money from my bank account to someone else's. So using that logic I can send money to anyone via any form of communication with normal fiat as well.
@_date: 2018-08-04 12:42:55
So if I just yell "Hey dude here have 1btc" the btc will magically go from my wallet to yours? Lol
@_date: 2019-10-04 20:54:14
I love this one so much, it's super clear. I feel like if somehow people'd just see this onboarding and adoption would be so much easier
@_date: 2019-01-18 09:32:08
Focusing on the journey in a bear market is the recipe for depression lol
Much rather look at the destination atm
@_date: 2018-02-14 12:55:13
If you live somewhere without internet access or mobile connection, then I don't think not having a bank account or bitcoin is your biggest concern...
@_date: 2018-07-24 17:06:53
Main selling point of bitcoin (for most 'investors') is not replacing fiat, but gaining more fiat. That's the incentive a lot of smaller, and also larger investors have. Unfortunately most people don't care about decentralisation, they don't care about anonymity (even though bitcoin isn't anonymous) and they don't care about 'instant free' transactions. That's one of the problems with bitcoin, at the moment it's for the average consumer no better than visa or PayPal or whatever, but actually less convenient because it's not widely adopted. However, with decentralised platforms such as ethereum, you get a whole new field of interest where consumers are actually incentivised to use decentralised solutions, and so are businesses and even governments. 
@_date: 2018-07-24 17:49:29


I'm not saying Bitcoin is a stock, I am saying people treat is as a stock because at the moment, most investors trade cryptocurrencies. They trade Bitcoin. They don't use it to buy items or go grocery shopping, but they trade it for other coins or hodl it, all for one thing: to gain more fiat value. If you don't see that that's what the market is like at the moment, then you're probably the new one here. I myself do hold Bitcoin because I believe there is a future in it, and I am not planning on selling my Bitcoin. But the general investor is planning on selling theirs if the fiat value increases enough. Thinking the average investor buys Bitcoin because they believe it's a better currency is just naïve. We are not at that point yet and we won't be until you are able to pay your groceries or by a hamburger at Macdonald's with Bitcoin.


To the average person, Bitcoin and PayPal are both just global online payment methods, and at the moment PayPal is better at performing those on a mass scale.


Neither ethereum nor Bitcoin is really decentralised. What I'm trying to say is that, at the moment there's other usecases for decentralised distributed ledger/blockchain than just financial transactions or store of value that might seem more beneficial to multiple parties. You can disagree with it if you want, but financial transactions and store of value aren't the only things that have a decentralised, trustless future ahead, and I believe that there's more usecases for blockchain technology than what Bitcoin is able to do at this moment, and platforms like Ethereum have the ability to provide those.
@_date: 2018-07-24 20:07:41
I'm saying most people don't buy Bitcoin because they think it's a better currency than fiat, but because they want to gain fiat value. I'm saying general and average because that means the majority of people and we're talking about adoption here. In your first comment you disagreed with the statement "Nobody uses or cares about crypto replacing fiat" and said that replacing fiat is the main selling point of Bitcoin. But the purpose of Bitcoin and the incentive of buyers are too separate things. The purpose might be to replace fiat currencies, but the main incentive of buyers, by which I mean the majority of people buying Bitcoin, do it to gain fiat value.


You're saying here, if I understand correctly, that investors are the public that matters because they can park billions of dollars into Bitcoin, which will impact the market hugely (in an upward direction I suppose). Correct me if I'm wrong but that's what I get out of this bit. Why would you want the market to go up so much if you can't spend your btc on anything? That's not the adoption you should be rooting for, unless you want to trade and increase your fiat value. The adoption that should matter to you is the adoption of the general public, that's how you can actually use your Bitcoin, instead of trading it for more fiat. If you're need to trade your bitcoin for fiat to buy a burger at McDonald's then Bitcoin has failed it's 'main selling point'. 


Ethereum has been around for 2 or 3 years and has delivered nothing,
Ehm... Okay, so you're saying Ethereum has accomplished nothing, yet also saying Bitcoin is not a proper payment method currently, which is literally its intended purpose, so then what has Bitcoin  accomplished?
 "but credit cards are way more used than Bitcoin"... Ehm okay so we agree there obviously lol
@_date: 2019-09-28 10:24:19
So if you pay with bitcoin (not lighting), do you have to wait for the transaction to be send and verified? Sorry if that's a stupid question, but I'm always curious about how that works when transaction time is long/network congested.
@_date: 2019-09-11 04:54:06
Instead of saying "It's worth something because the people say it's worth something" or that the value is decided by what we say the value is, he should've said that the value comes from what someone wants to pay for it or for what value they want to trade. But overall it's interesting people talk about Bitcoin on these podcasts and shows
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:30:18
More like "I think I'll go bear now"
@_date: 2018-12-25 21:30:39
How does this even work? Really cool though!