@_author: foreisman
@_date: 2018-09-25 20:19:52
Ohh, did I hit a nerve there with my Roger Ver line? Sad that this subreddit doesn't care for your shitty fake Bitcoin Cash/BCH?
Edit: *Holy shit, I was right.[ Guy is a BCH hodler]( Guess I did strike a nerve with that line.*
@_date: 2018-09-25 23:44:25
You sound like an excellent detective. Doesn't read, just looks through an account to see what their history is. I'm trying to advocate for people to do their own research with my own personal experience &amp; I'm the one who's slow guys. Meanwhile you come off attacking me because I haven't posted much. Which is funny, because the reason I don't post or comment much is because of assholes like you who attack someone at their first attempt. You'll definitely drive people deciding to interact with the community to be more active with that approach. 
 
@_date: 2018-09-25 19:31:06
What you tryna say Willis? That I aged this account for 9 months just to shit on Roger Ver? Can't a long time lurker just eventually decide to dip his toes in the water without being accused of something? This is why lurkers stay lurkers.
@_date: 2018-09-25 18:18:47
What did you tell them made you laugh? 
@_date: 2018-09-25 18:07:34
Yup, the prime fomo demographic that will flood in without doing any research. They're probably all the bagholders of BCH Roger Ver tricked into believing it's the real bitcoin. I remember when I first got in I was sketched out as hell as to where I would buy, and where I would store my nest egg; looked into the biggest most secure exchange to make sure I was getting real BTC and not paying for some shitcoin, or even worse, some fakecoin with my hard earned shitty fiat currency. To be fair though, I had a hint that I must dive deep ever since I cashed out some ad credit from those apps that put ads on your phone in exchange for giftcards, cash, and/or crypto. Had around 20 dollars I cashed out into bitcoin that would be worth 2000 dollars today if it were real. Quickly realized when I couldn't withdraw the crypto into another wallet that I had been scammed, shortly after the app went defunct all together confirming my fears. Should've just cashed out the 20 in cash and put it into bitcoin myself instead of trusting them to do it for me. Took almost 8 months of putting up with ads on my lockscreen just to get those 20 dollars of credit I foolishly trusted them to exchanged for their fake bitcoin. But on the bright side, it taught me a valuable lesson on researching exchanges and wallets when I was finally ready to start selling my hard earned cash for my precious coins.