@_author: forgotaboutxcp
@_date: 2015-01-10 21:19:25
It may be more trackable pending analysis, but there's no possibility of banks taking preventative measures to stymie international wires with Bitcoin. You can transport exponentially more value on your person undetectably with Bitcoin than with cash, either by traveling across borders with the value undeclared, or by sending the value across borders with no oversight. And for the record, that's a feature, not a bug.
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:49:46
I wholeheartedly agree with this assessment of what Bitcoin is, but all data put into the Bitcoin blockchain is immutable, permanent, and accessible anywhere there's internet without having to rely on a trusted authority. This is both tantalizing for innovators and taxing on the network.


Again, I wholeheartedly agree. But you can only have *so much* physical space dedicated to housing ASICs, and you can only have *so many* resources at your disposal to pay costs of upkeep. This is the economic basis of proof of work security: profit driven miners will in all likelihood choose to dedicate scarce resources to securing the chain paying them the most money.
Once you understand this, you will understand why distributed system development is inherently constrained to Bitcoin especially for innovations like blockchain stock markets which are incredibly large markets at high risk of targeting for theft and hacking.
We only have one blockchain and everyone is going to want to use it.
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:56:38
Data feeds are a money making opportunity that most Bitcoiners have no idea exists. You can take a percent of the betting action on your Counterparty feed, and you only need BTC to create one. It's a new and potentially lucrative business opportunity that has never existed before. OpiDoki highlights the possibilities, and it has a lot of potential.
@_date: 2015-01-31 05:59:27


And yet, 99.99% of "distributed" DBs out there, aren't trustless. They're only "distributed" across data centers or across geographies. They're still controlled by a single centralized entity.
Even Tahoe LAFS grids have to be owned and managed by a small group of people. If the grid goes down, as someone with data tied up in it, what recourse would you have?
Conversely, data in the Bitcoin blockchain is going to be there in ten years without you doing anything at all. You can register a stock with Counterparty.io, die the next day, and it will still show up at  or on a competing blockchain API in ten years.
Bitcoin's main innovation is the blockchain. Currency is just the low hanging fruit for a blockchain to go after. But it's what blockchains do that other technologies *can't* do, that creates fundamental value for BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:13:51
The market size for stock trading globally is double that of forex and remittances combined. That's on the low end.
This emphasis of Bitcoin being a fantastic *payment* mechanism isn't all it's cracked up to be. Bitcoin is only great for payments between parties who already understand BTC to be a valuable commodity. It's downright bad for payments between people who have not the faintest idea of what Bitcoin is or why it's valuable. "Payments" is boring.
By and large, what people are missing more than anything is a **non-negotiable** reason for owning bitcoin. Frankly, the ability to pay for wifi hotspots over payment channels, cool as that may sound, just wouldn't be all that compelling. If it worked out well, ok, there could still be competition from fiat currencies. The one thing Bitcoin can do that other systems can't is BE the world's biggest and most secure distributed database. The more innovations that leverage that database, the better off Bitcoin will be.
Instead, we get the opposite today with core developers voicing open hostility to applications that "abuse" the blockchain, as if to say Bitcoin is the ultimate distributed database, but good googly don't *use* it as a database! It's extremely short sighted and even arrogant. It assumes everyone and their mother will flock to adopt BTC as a currency. No, that is not how it's going to work. First you need people to adopt it as a commodity. Popularizing Bitcoin blockchain based stock trading is the surest fire way of accomplishing that.
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:15:36
How about bitcoin's use in powering title registries, securities exchange, document notarization, insurance markets, etc. It's ridiculous that in 2015 you're still required by many government agencies to hold onto physical slips of paper to prove that you own a car or other property. Backups are worthless here because all of the agencies want the original. The blockchain definitively solves this.
It makes sense to store certain types of data on an open distributed global internet ledger, e.g.  It's many times more secure and transparent than all of the alternatives, it's accessible anywhere there's internet, and you can back up the original copy while still guaranteeing the authenticity of the original.
Because proof of work miners allocate scarce resources to secure the blockchain, namely their money and physical space, there can be only one secure chain. People for the most part completely miss the idea of the blockchain when you tell them Bitcoin is a currency. The reality is the blockchain is Bitcoin's real innovation, and it's a winner-take-all technology, because the more valuable your data is, the more you're going to demand using the most secure chain, and that creates demand for BTC because you need BTC to pay miners fees to use it.
@_date: 2015-01-10 17:41:35
Bitcoin is much less interesting to me as a currency than as a speculative store of value, with its fundamental demand being mostly driven by its use as a commodity powering global securities trading, where putting data involving who owns what onto a transparent distributed ledger is both infinitely more transparent and multiple times more secure than centralized DB alternatives. If you put that data on a blockchain, you can't lose it, it's accessible anywhere there's internet, and it doesn't depend on the whims of any one centralized entity. I doubt the focus on Bitcoin's use as a Starbucks currency is the right focus, because most people just aren't interested in owning an alternative currency that fluctuates in value to the extreme. The taxes on spending and trading bitcoin are very complex as well, to the point where I couldn't in good faith recommend anyone own Bitcoin who is not intending to use it 1) *not at all* and only as an unmoving speculative store of value, or 2) for paying only the fees necessary for securities exchange transactions.
Making securities trading data available on the Bitcoin ledger, e.g.  where it can be permanently written to a virtually indestructible database, and where asset movements are perfectly trackable, is an attribute unique to blockchains. Whereas competing with VISA seems like fighting an uphill battle. It's mostly just talk, anyway. I used to think Bitcoin was about doing P2P payments, but over time I've come to believe it's not compelling enough of a benefit to catalyze adoption, and very few people spend their BTC on anything if ever. Bitcoin's value is too unstable, and the very idea of an alternative currency to nation state currencies is too much for most people to swallow.
The one critical fact investors need to understand about blockchains is that there can be only one secure proof of work chain, because miners allocate scarce resources, namely money and physical space, to secure Bitcoin's SHA256 algorithm *instead of* competing blockchain algorithms like Scrypt. Once you understand this, you'll note there can be at most *two* secure blockchains with different hashing algorithms in the world and only then in the rare case of hashing power being divided 50/50 between the two of them more or less.
Blockchain securities trading is one of two fundamental value drivers I'm aware of for Bitcoin with the other being its role in black market transactions. Bitcoin has very little competition in both of those aspects which is why so much of the regulated and promising innovative startups, e.g.  are focusing on the former. The latter aspect is also being focused on but it's way harder to work with because nobody wants to be seen investing in Silk Road 4. Which isn't to say that would be a bad investment, just that the former aspect happens above ground and the latter happens underground.
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:44:34
ApplePay competes with cash as do Bitcoin NFC payments. What's preventing Bitcoiners from creating a half decent NFC payment experience denominated in BTC? The only hard parts are making that experience fully decentralized and open source, and then finding people with enough money who are willing to piss it away in order for desperately needed core infrastructure to get built.
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:23:22
Your point is well-taken, but next time you may want to cite your own computer security expertise up front, so as to avoid the hivemind downvoters. I have enough trouble trusting a live CD of Tails. I would never trust a mobile device, with any amount of private information let alone currency.
@_date: 2015-02-09 02:28:35
I'm not advocating for removing government from vehicle title registries. Physical slips of paper are obsolete now, and that's thanks to the blockchain.
Proof of reserves is a failed workaround that applies to centralized exchanges only. Clearly distributed blockchain trading protocols don't need proof of reserves. Your money never leaves your possession until the trades are executed. Big difference.
Why is it that anything invoking "trust" in the slightest capacity can't take advantage of a blockchain? Go lose your vehicle title and request a new one and tell me the process isn't crazy or that it can't be improved with a blockchain.
And why shouldn't data about who owns what stock be published to a blockchain? Especially when doing so prevents rehypothecation schemes.
And why shouldn't order matching be done on a blockchain when doing so is the only way to operate an exchange in absence of regulation? Proof of crypto reserves doesn't work, the fundamental accounting equation Assets - Liabilities is more than well established.
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:30:01
Sure, I'd keep a de minimus amount of BTC in Breadwallet over Coinbase,
but I have to echo the criticism. It isn't "this device only" - it's
"This device only, *trust us* :winkface: -Love Apple/NSA".
@_date: 2015-02-09 02:03:23
On the subject of vehicle titles, the reason the agencies want the original is that the original gets physically shredded and trashed when ownership of the vehicle transfers to a new owner or the vehicle is retitled. With a blockchain, instead of shredding the title and generating a new slip of paper afterwards, which can't be backed up, you send the title over the blockchain. You can then backup that blockchain title like you do your Bitcoin wallet.
A company's assets, in the accounting sense: "Net Worth = Assets - Liabilities".
Proof of crypto reserves only proves current crypto assets. It doesn't prove fiat assets and it doesn't touch on liabilities.
And the naked short selling, rehypothecation and racketeering done by literal mafia groups, organized criminals with insider connections to Wall Street, is far more important to take care of. The only way to do that is relegate trading to an open source distributed blockchain protocol. Doing so also takes care of unaccountable Chinese exchanges which engage in deceptive trading practices against their customers.
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:26:28
No, you can back up a Bitcoin private key. You can't back up an "original" slip of paper. That's the difference. The DMV or county government can still generate a new title or birth cert for you, and send the new copy to you electronically.
Proof of crypto reserves proves crypto assets. It doesn't touch on liabilities or fiat asset balances.


Sure, if you're willing to pay a BTC fee twice, on each side of each faked trade. The cost quickly adds up, unlike on zero fee Chinese exchanges where the cost of faking volume is zero and the faking can be done by the owners of the exchange. The owners can also front run and stop hunt, which is an even worse problem that a blockchain trading protocol definitively solves.
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:02:57


And *I* wonder if you've ever lost your vehicle's title before. Lose it, and you have to make a trip to the DMV, wait in line which needless to say can take hours, then pay a fee, and then wait for a new title to arrive in the mail. It's a notoriously horrific experience. Lose it again and you repeat the same process.
And lose your birth certificate? Lose that, and you have to contact the county government at your place of birth, pay a fee to get a new one ordered, and then wait for the mail to arrive. Best case scenario, you still live in the same place you were born. Lose the *new* original cert and you go back through the same joyous process.
In 2015, that is just fucking insanity. Critical documents should be tied to a Bitcoin wallet seed where they can be safely and easily backed up while still maintaining the authenticity of the original.


If a blockchain protocol is tasked with executing trades, then it definitively prevents anyone from creating fake trades. The protocol either sees the trade as real, and executes it, in which case the trade is solidified across the blockchain for everyone to see, or it doesn't. Trades get executed by the protocol, and that's that. I don't care if you're a supporter of sidechains or colored coins, this is an extremely important use case of a blockchain. If your blockchain doesn't support this type of trading, it's going to become obsolete.


If you own the trading engine, you can make that engine bend backwards for you in all kinds of ways, front running and stop hunting for starters, and it's been widely established that proof of crypto reserves isn't enough to prove solvency.
@_date: 2015-02-13 03:33:43
Certainly if you gave your child, who you claim as dependent, a BTC allowance in 2010 and your child was sending the coins around haphazardly without tracking between 2010 and today, it's easy to see how that could turn out badly. Multisig with Copay could help contain this issue.
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:17:54
Does Coinbase make you declare why you're sending $10,000 to their vault like they do if you're sending to a normal address?
When you move your BTC away from the vault, does Coinbase send you an email demanding full explanations for your high value activity, threatening account closure if you don't respond within 7 days?
These aren't theoretical concerns, btw.
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:47:44
A name registry is substantially equivalent to a title registry. In 2015, it's ridiculous that you have to hold on to a physical slip of paper to prove ownership of your car, for instance. You can't make backups of your car's title, because the government agencies all want the original title. The blockchain definitively solves this.
Let me give you a second example, that of Chinese Bitcoin exchanges. These Chinese exchanges, almost unanimously built their businesses based on deception, with the one notable exception of BTCChina. OKCoin and Huobi have been accused since they first opened their doors of wholesale deception and faking of trading data, and of taking trading positions against their customers based on insider data. One way to "solve" that problem is by threatening them with regulations. However, regulating Chinese exchanges still doesn't solve the problem, and can actually result in a Bernie Madoff outcome where droves of unsuspecting customers are lured in by enticing regulatory propaganda only to be obliterated by the sharks.
The only way to solve this problem is to put the entire order book and all trades onto a blockchain.
With stock trading, this gets even more critical because in absence of blockchain trading, rehypothecation schemes and insider corruption allow for organized criminals to engage in billion dollar racketeering scams. ANY financial product that can be traded today, should be traded on the blockchain, because it's the only way to ensure fairness.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:50:22
I strongly recommend [Copay]( by BitPay if you do that, because you'll want majority multisig control over the money unless you have the patience to teach your child the finer points of capital gains reporting. Bitcoin taxes can be an absolute nightmare if you aren't very deliberate about tracking everything you do.
@_date: 2015-02-06 01:16:02
Then you can import your Electrum addresses into Bitcoin-QT.
You can export all your Electrum wallet addresses offline. You can always run your own server if you want to have complete control over how Electrum connects to the Bitcoin network.