@_author: forgottencoins
@_date: 2014-01-03 20:36:57
Ahhhh ok, makes sense. For the most part I'm a returning bitcoin user from a period when that was common, playing a bit of catch up. So I looked at it and didn't think twice about it lol
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:20:03
For those of us who don't creep the blockchain, what's weird about this one?
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:41:54
Actually, everyone knows how many they have. It's all listed in the blockchain, that's how we even know the BTC is moving in the system or how many BTC we have to our own names... It just takes some effort to read them.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:59:18
IIRC banks have to report various amounts/transactions to the government, and I think a bunch of them were taking some bad PR for agreeing to handle criminal funds("unknowingly") within the last few years. Granted they are businesses, but would you really want to accept and pass money that was acquired by something that might be considered illegal at any moment? I'd think the bank would be at risk of potential fines/legal issues later on since no one knows what is going to happen, which explains the Wells Fargo survey and the guy who's BofA account was purged.
At the moment, I'm technically unemployed and would easily hit the 0% long term capital gains tax rate. I survive on freelance tech work that normally stays under the amount required to be reported. Under the idea that bitcoins haven't been $1 in over a year... I could just spread out the 1000 bitcoins so that I stay in the 0% bracket and could live off that pretty easily too[A few places do/will accept bitcoin as payment near me, so that can cover food] and not work.
@_date: 2013-12-19 01:11:40
We're seeing that occurring in the US at the moment out of fear of what the government will tell the banks to do. I'm not going to pretend to know the Chinese laws about opening a company that deals in currency exchange or commodity selling, but wouldn't an exchange or brokerage be classified as a "financial services company"?
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:59:57
The BBB doesn't actually do anything, it's a club not a government entity. All they have to do is pay an extra $100 to clean their record.
Source: I opened a company for a while to manage the paperwork side of a couple projects I was doing, IE one-three customers tops[none that would complain], BBB called me regularly trying to recruit me claiming 15 complaints against my company that would go away if I just joined their club.
Sidenote: While it's great that companies are starting to accept bitcoin, I had been waiting for there to be a report of at least one company doing this. They see a value drop and figure they can hold the object hostage. Unless I know it'll ship within the day or two, I won't pay until the company confirms it will ship that day. I also do this to smaller companies I deal with for CC transactions.
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:50:18
Users can't deposit during beta? Can they still withdraw though?
Edit: If withdrawal is currently active, you've got a glaring glitch on the site so far.
@_date: 2013-12-19 05:13:58
lol Ya I had read about the coins before I read about the illegal stuff, so I downloaded the software and started mining before reading into it. Over the following week or two I started finding all the illegal uses of it, and mining kept interfering with my video games, so I backed off of it... Even if I was just GPU mining for the last 3 years, wish I hadn't quit when I did.
@_date: 2013-12-05 07:25:29
My SO went the other way, told me to buy in about a year ago when she was researching it for some grad papers she was writing... I thought the price at the time was more than I had free to invest in it... When I told her it hit $1k, the only saving grace there was that I turned out to have an old wallet file when I tried mining a few years ago that had a couple bitcoin in it.
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:14:45
'Cause you must be new here and not been reading all the China-related posts in the last week or two.
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:37:30
I'd love to see a multi-crypto wallet, that or I just haven't found all the wallet options out there yet.
I have LTC and BTC, it feels a bit annoying to have to install or find multiple wallet sites/programs for the associated currency. One wallet program with periodic updates to add all the new altcoins that pop up would be awesome.
Edit: grammar
@_date: 2013-11-20 06:26:38
Grats on the freebies, I did an almost identical sequence from roughly the same timeframe. But I got a tad luckier. After filtering through my 4TB backup folder on my NAS, I found a wallet file from 2010 I had tinkered with. Turned out to have 15BTC in it.
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:51:48
Oh good, someone already said it.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:48:19
Sounds mostly like you just went in the hard way.
Mining is not a guarantee, I could be wrong, but I believe it's called mining to match gold mining. Picture a bunch of guys on a riverbed with goldpans, they're sifting through the water and dirt(which is plentiful, like failed hashes) to find gold specs("rare" kinda like gold).
The difference here is we know for a fact how many gold specs will ever flow from the mountain in the water, but we won't know which river(they split)[My lazy way of mixing pools into the analogy] the spec will come down, or when/where/what it will look like.
The equivalent thing you did was pay a guy $60 to sit on the edge of the river and promise to check 260,000 specs of dirt to see if any happen to be gold and return them to you. I look at that as more of a gamble with how the mining platform looks now-a-days. You have to spend $60 to some guy to try, if he solo mines you gamble that within 2 hours he might solve it and earn you 25BTC[~$25K], if you join a pool[pick a river] you gain a more consistent payout as a much smaller rate. But neither are guarantees that you make anything at all(empty/shitty pool).
Your best route right now to better "get into bitcoin" is to join up with Coinbase and find local companies that take BTC. Just behave similar to whatever credit card company was "rounding up" sometime ago, IIRC they'd round up the change on your transactions and match it and place it all in your savings account(or some other arrangement where it ends up in a savings bank account). So go buy your $3.69 daily cup of coffee by buying $20 worth of bitcoin and just pay for it purely in bitcoin. You'll accumulate some change BTC from it and can save that or play it into a market or something.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:17:53
I'd probably drag it out a bit more than that. I'd attempt to make it look more like a direct deposit transaction every 2 weeks and in a smaller amount. At my age it's more believable that I'm getting paid $5-6k a month and really good at my job, versus suddenly cashing out large investments. Also means that if the value of bitcoin keeps raising that I might be able to live off it for alot longer.
This also doesn't take into account whatever accounting issues need to be resolved, I'd shift some of the money to keep filling up an IRA just because, but otherwise I'd enjoy a comfortable life and a decent income lol
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:55:07
Probably dumb question, but suppose it does start getting indexed by Google or something? Would that suddenly make all the addresses on whatever pages they grab vulnerable to compromise then?
EDIT: Or am I looking at all these addresses/private keys completely wrong?
@_date: 2013-12-26 08:06:12
1. You blatantly don't understand the purpose behind bitcoin and attempting to spread it. When you receive bitcoin, you aren't receiving a $20 voucher. Just like if you give someone an ounce of silver, do you hear anyone say "Hey here's $20 of silver", no it's an ounce of silver you dipshit. You were handed some bitcoin, spend it as bitcoin and you don't have that exchange issue.
1. It's selfish of you to insist you need a fiat-currency or an material object, sure preaching is not helping us any, and alot of bitcoin users need to better grasp the technology and ways of explaining it before preaching it. The moment it's a lecture, I think you have already discovered what your relationship is with the person preaching, and shouldn't have been surprised.
1. You're a fucking ass, quit trying to make everyone over-analyze what they might have done wrong in the last ~24 hours so that they're too embarrassed to continue trying to inform others.
Side note: Apparently this guy is a troll, predicted this in his life, and nobody believes he has a girlfriend.
[p-o-t-a-t-o's notes about Moh7](
WARNING: Any values I may have given to any object, currency or idea are not considered to be accurate and are just random selections of items to complete an analogy. Do not assume my numbers are accurate for any reason. Also relevant, I am willing to locate Turnips for anyone at the value of 3BTC to Turnip.
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:30:33
I'm holding my bulk[mined 3 years ago] till it hits a little above $1k again.
Though I am thinking of throwing $100 worth into MtGox/Bitstamp/etc to see if I can make some money switching between BTC/USD through the course of the day, then cash back out via Coinbase.
@_date: 2013-12-06 22:57:28
He did great, I would've taken a shot back at the use of their phrasing like the anarchist comment. Both anchors actively chose phrasing and questions that would be meant to negatively impact the public's view of bitcoin. 
The anchor's shot with "connecting it to your bank removes the privacy" as a response to that being a way of gaining bitcoins was very much intended to derail how easy it can be to get bitcoins once everything has been setup properly.
Interviewers and TV people talking about bitcoin always irritate me, in theory I like to think they are actually trying to learn about it. But their negative implications during any discussion of it demonstrates that they are missing the open mind to discuss it, or that someone behind the scenes is pushing them to twist it negatively. It's like listening to history buffs argue over an event that neither of them actually know about but just want to be right.
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:48:44
I feel like the easy way to look at it is this:
If a company/person can't work with a bank because they are involved in Bitcoin, how can they exchange their Bitcoin to Yuan to pay taxes and employees? I say this including exchanges as banks, because without further research(I don't know much because I don't track CNY or speak Chinese) they appear to be the primary method to convert to/from fiat, and they seem to be cutting everybody off.
It's like trying to pay someone in Trident Layers, except Trident Layers can be consumed and used for other things, while Bitcoin would have to be respent or somehow converted[dark alley cash trade?]. All this talk of the government and it's banks not allowed to deal in Bitcoin just scares everyone on the hassle of trying to convert.