@_author: forkwarofattrition
@_date: 2016-08-12 03:32:35
I lost, sorry. :(
I really wanted to win too.  I was going to give back the full $2 instead of just $1 along with this whole big speech about there still being honest people in the world.  Oh well, I tried.
Thanks for the fun and generosity to the community!
@_date: 2016-08-12 01:41:45
Interesting social experiment.  Please post the stats when it's done!  It will be great to see trends in honesty, such as age of account.  I would guess that there would be a higher chance for new accounts (such as mine) to take the money and run.
@_date: 2016-08-15 22:49:08
This is like watching the tide before a tsunami.  If you see the water level drop very quickly, it means danger.  With Bitcoin, if you see this happen, it's an indicator that a lot of mining power *might* have gone offline for some reason.  If this happens and you suddenly see consistent 20+ minute blocks, prepare for a possible 51% attack.
It looks like today, however, this was just a little constipation.
@_date: 2016-08-17 14:02:03
@_date: 2016-08-09 14:03:47
I think and are implying that you should try using the private message feature of reddit to get in touch with &gt; I've written you several times as well as Bitfinex Support with this issue.
It's a bit unclear in the original post if you had written to them as a private message on reddit or if you were using another system.  Can you clarify which method you used when you said that you've "written" to him several times?
I wish you the best of luck in contacting Zane Tackett and recovering whatever funds you are able to.
@_date: 2016-08-17 01:50:43
Sorry, the video didn't load for me when I posted.
Since it's an hour video... is the tl;dw that he wants to use a quantum computer (QC) to mine SHA-256?  Or does he want to mine some *other* PoW that is QC friendly?  I was under the impression that SHA-256 was QC resistant, but if an altcoin was created with a QC friendly PoW, such as prime factorization, then this sounds possible.
@_date: 2016-08-16 22:49:31
I think he was advising him to not click links in the email but to still change his password.
I would advise that you should:
1. Visit the website by typing it manually into the address bar.
2. Change your password.
3. Verify if 2FA really was disabled or if this was a phishing email.
4. Re-enable 2FA if it actually was disabled.
5. Figure out how someone disabled this and change the 2FA code if necessary. (It is necessary if your 2FA device was compromised or if the computer that originally set up 2FA was compromised.)
@_date: 2016-08-16 20:33:09
I agree.  It was more of a joke than a proper analogy.  :P
@_date: 2016-08-17 14:09:59
Thanks, I really appreciate the relevant times in the vid!
The fact that this is compared to a perpetual motion machine and that he has *guarded* optimism shows that he's well grounded in reality.
The talk sound like it's fairly reasonable overall.
@_date: 2016-08-16 23:00:40
Vitalik is a smart guy, so this does not add up to me.  I'm pretty sure that he would have thought through the questions in this article already.
Is there any proof for the claims made in this article?
@_date: 2016-08-18 13:36:58


Agreed, but just to add to that...
This is not even an *imminent* security issue since 0.13.0 has not been released yet.  The next version can be delayed until proper notification of a potential attack has been given to the public.
Bypassing the peer review process was clearly not done for reasonable security reasons.  This is all very strange.
@_date: 2017-02-23 13:13:26
Hi I'm glad that you posted a concrete list of performance problems with BU as it is hard to find an organized list like this.
I was under the impression that all of these issues were solved.  Of course the on-chain size can not grow forever, but due to economic incentives, I was led to believe that participants can still safely control the size of blocks.  Please let me know where my logic has failed:
* **Bandwidth** - Xthin and compact blocks reduce the size of a block to a small summary that incur a negligible bandwidth overhead.
* **CPU consumption** - Verifying transactions with Xthin and compact blocks can be done prior to the creation of a block.  This alone does not reduce the cost, but it allows it to be precomputed.  Verification is also an embarrassingly parallel problem.  With improvements like Flexible Transactions and SegWit, we can use Schnorr signatures to reduce the cost.
* **Storage space** - Pruned nodes do not need to store the entire block chain.  It's possible to drop all blocks and simply store the last block and the current UTXO set.  A large data center will likely be used to host all historical blocks, but an average user can still run a fully verifying node with an initial snapshot of a recent block with the corresponding UTXO set instead of the genesis block.
* **Orphan rate** - Again, this is mitigated by xthin and compact blocks.  The size of the summarized block is very small and the verification is mostly done prior to receiving it.  The orphan rate should be the same as it is today.  Even still, if the miners are afraid of a higher orphan rate, then they can simply vote to not increase the block size.
* **Potentially stresses every analysis and blockchain app ever written trying to manage a massively huge database** - This seems like a duplicate of "storage space".  This is unclear, but I will assume this is referencing the UTXO set growth.  The UTXO set tends to increase as a function of users and the rate at which it can increase is *capped* based on the size of the blocks, but the actual average rate of growth is far, far smaller than 1MB/10min.  It's actually about [half a GB per year]( so, this is not really a concern for standard usage.  If someone were to maliciously inflate the UTXO set, they could easily do so with 1MB today too.  This is still a potential area for attack, but for normal usage it's mostly independent of the block size.


This can be done with a simple soft fork today.  Is this not how the 1MB was introduced in the first place?  Since miners have the power to decide which transactions to mine, they can just demand a minimum fee today if they wanted to, regardless of the block size.  This has nothing to do with BU.


How do junk transactions make it harder for competition?  Again, xthin and compact blocks should make scaling easier.  Even if a malicious miner tried to make a very large block containing junk transactions that were not in the mempool of other miners (causing xthin/cb to not have a benefit), couldn't the other miners simply orphan their blocks?  If a single miner is being malicious, the other miners can ignore their blocks until they behave.  (If the malicious miner contains a majority share, then the bitcoin trust model is already broken.)


Miners are already large data centers.  Yes, historical blocks would be stored in large data centers, but data sharding is an easy way to distribute this.  Similar to how bittorrent works, data centers could be "seeders" with complete copies while average users could be "leechers" with a partial copy.  The leechers could permanently store a random subset of blocks to distribute in a decentralized way.  The leechers would still be able to obtain the most recent block just as they do today.  At 1MB, this is only 1.7KB/s to download the most recent block.  Until we get anywhere near the technological cap, this can be safely increased.  Once we approach this technological cap, we *will* need to rely on another means like sidechains and the lightning network, but until then these are not required yet.  We should work on these off-chain solutions in *parallel* not *serial*.  Many BU supporters *want* both solutions, but feel that Core devs are not giving any priority to the on-chain low hanging fruit.


What are the other risks?  Of course BU is "disqualified" as a candidate for Core because it did not follow Core's rules.  Did the BU devs ever *ask* for their code to be incorporated into Core?  If not, I'm not sure what relevance this has.  I could say the same for Core being disqualified as a BU candidate.
@_date: 2017-02-11 19:46:30


The worst case scenario is that 51% of miners collude to mine these blocks, not just a single miner.  Just as 51% are required to collude to activate a soft fork, 51% would be required to deactivate it as well.  Centralization increases the risk of a malicious majority.  A malicious majority would historically be able to double spend, whereas now it would be able to outright steal.


There is no way of knowing if it will be "a few" remaining old nodes.  There is absolutely no way to accurately measure the adoption of the soft fork.
Since the common mantra is "[If you like your node software you can keep your node software]( is it really that foolish to think that it may be more than "a few" that don't upgrade?
In a *true* worst case scenario, we would see the following events occur:
1. The soft fork activates
2. Only a few people update their node software
3. Those that update create SegWit transactions
4. The miners deactivate the soft fork
5. There is no outrage from the majority of users that did not upgrade since their money wasn't taken
If a user updates their consensus rules, for any reason, they are taking a risk.  For many users this risk is perfectly acceptable, but for others it is not.  The beauty of bitcoin is that upgrading is voluntary and everyone can decide their own risk levels.
Miners can activate SegWit if they'd like, as this is well within their powers that all users agreed on, but just don't expect everyone to update and use SegWit addresses.
@_date: 2017-02-12 13:44:09
That didn't really address the question you quoted, but your point is still taken.  I discussed this situation in the previous post and yes I do agree that it would be on a separate chain.  I think I now better understand what you mean when you claim deactivation would be a hard fork.
Deactivation would create a new "deactivated chain" on which all SegWit transactions were stolen.  The original "SegWit chain" can still exist as long as some miners support it, which is a very likely scenario.  The result would be analogous to the ETH/ETC split where there exists 2 chains with floating values and some of the funds on one chain were stolen.
I would personally have no issue with SegWit being activated.  I just would not use it out of fear that a deactivation hard fork would reduce my wealth.  I would prefer to not forgo potential funds on a deactivation chain until I was more confident that it would not occur (or if it did, it would not have a large marketcap).
Thank you for helping me understand why many people claim this would be a "hard fork".
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:51:29
If a significant number of users changed their wallets to a hard-fork that implemented SegWit, this would be incompatible with the blocks miners are currently producing.  As more people join this fork, more economic pressure would be on miners to start mining these blocks.  As far as I know, this is the only way to "force" miners with an economic incentive since a hard-fork is one of the powers that normal users have.  A soft-fork is a power that only miners have, so there's no way to directly force a soft-fork (unless some type of economic incentive can be used).
@_date: 2017-02-23 23:42:46
I assume you mean [when Sony did this](
@_date: 2017-02-25 17:44:58
Are you implying that the two events are correlated?
Edit: Sarcasm confirmed.  Can never be too sure these days. :P
@_date: 2017-02-22 14:46:10
Wouldn't xthin or compact blocks prevent the issue described in that link?  That's an old post (July 2015) and as far as I can tell it is now a solved problem.
@_date: 2017-02-25 22:53:00
Ok, it's now clear that you've just been trolling me ever since I pointed out the inconsistencies in your argument.  I should have realized this when you first started using ad hominem attacks instead of simply addressing the logical arguments I was making.  Congrats, I fell for the trolling.
@_date: 2017-02-11 23:05:23
I'm not trying to suggest that it is likely, just that it is possible and should be taken into account.  Everyone has their own risk tolerance, so this potential attack vector should be considered as well.
I would disagree about an economic incentive, however.  A classic 51% attack would allow for double spends of any transaction on the orphaned chain.  This new type of 51% attack would allow all funds stored in a SegWit UTXO to be stolen.  It's still a 51% attack, I agree, but it is a fundamentally different potential benefit for the attacker.
@_date: 2017-02-22 20:05:28
The Blockstream devs are very intelligent and come up with many amazing improvements.  I think that some anti-SegWit people have too much pride to admit this, but I also think (and hope) that many others can still see the clear benefits of the other contributions that the BS devs have made.  I really hope those that are against SegWit will not disregard anything that the Blockstream devs create simply based on the dev team alone.
The dev teams on all sides seem to have a history of [NIH Syndrome](  For example, the xthin and core blocks incompatibility comes to mind.  I really see no reason why the BS and BU devs could not have just worked together on this.  Creating 2 incompatible standards seems completely unnecessary and petty.
@_date: 2017-02-24 01:35:22


BU does not change the number of miners required to reduce the block size.  Both BU and Core allow the majority of miners to collude to reduce the block size in what is effectively a 51% attack.  They are *both* at the "protocol level" except Core calls it a soft fork.  Both require a 51% majority to signal for the change, so I'm not sure what the issue is here.  By this logic shouldn't you be against all soft forks, which are effectively a 51% attack, including SegWit?


Yes, as you already stated.  I just asked why.


Well you didn't cite even 1.  I'm not asking for citations either.  I just want to know what specifically would prevent scaling.  Bandwidth?  Ok, why is bandwidth an issue given the solutions I mentioned above.  CPU?  Ok, why is CPU an issue given the solution I mentioned above.  Storage?  Ok, why...


I'm not saying we shouldn't *also* use layer 2 solutions.  By all means, use them.  I'm also not suggesting to increase the block size to some large size.
Your criticism is about BU being risky because you claim it can not scale.  You states specific areas in which it can not scale (bandwidth, cpu, storage, etc.).  You have not stated how BU fails to scale in each of these areas.  This is all that I'm asking for.  If you think BU can not scale with respect to bandwidth, just say why not.  For example, "The bandwidth required to download new blocks will increase linearly with respect to the block size."  This tends to be a common criticism, which is why I suggested using compact blocks.


This is a tangent from your original criticism of BU, but I'll bite.  Layer 2 systems have trade-offs.  They have a different trust model and different risks than on-chain transactions since they do not necessarily rely on Nakamoto consensus for synchronizing a ledger.  For example, LN requires that users trust that a 0-conf transaction will become a 1-conf transaction within a fixed duration of time.  The bitcoin network can not make this promise and so the user is putting their funds at risk if they ever receive money over a LN connection.  (Sending money over LN is still safe for the sender.)  I can provide more details if this is unclear, however it's a tangent from your original post.


Somehow this conversation changed from me asking you to clarify your criticisms to you implying that I want massive blocks.
I think you really misunderstand the intention of my post.  *I'm not really trying to suggest that anything is safe.  I'm asking you to explain why it isn't.*
BU might not be safe, but I don't understand why it's not safe for the reasons you gave.  You completely ignored all the solutions that I provided without saying why they would not work.  Claiming that Andreas Antonopolous doesn't like BU is not a valid criticism.  It's entirely possible for many smart people to be wrong about something or change their mind when new information is presented.  I'm looking for a logical explanation, not an emotional one.
You should also know that I have an open mind.  If I did not, then I would be asking you to change my view.
I will try to make this as straight forward as possible by focusing on only 3 simple questions:
 My questions 
1. Are you claiming that BU does not scale because large blocks incur a higher bandwidth cost?
2. If so, then, would this bandwidth cost also be incurred with xthin and compact blocks?
3. If so, why?
The above are just a very small subset of what I originally was trying to ask you.  We can tackle them one at a time if you'd like.  I would just suggest reading my original post again because you seem to have missed the solutions to each of the problems you raised.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:38:50
You're missing at least one other big reason that was probably not mentioned in that thread.  Core actually describes it well [here in the second bullet of number 4](








The criticism is that in order for this attack to be mitigated, it must be assumed that a sufficient number of users are already using SegWit wallets. Since this soft fork is clearly controversial and since Core themselves claim that running the SegWit aware wallet is optional, this is hardly an open and shut case.
It seems rather presumptuous to assume a significant number of people won't be running anything other than a SegWit aware wallet.
I'm not opposed to SegWit activating since it's usage is optional, but I am opposed to a rollback of any kind in the event coins are stolen.
The reason why many are in favor of SegWit-as-a-hard-fork is precisely to combat this problem.  When all users on the network are *required* to use SegWit, then it is *guaranteed* that nobody has an incentive to revert the soft-fork.  Any alt coin created in such a hard-fork could no longer be biased against SegWit users.
Edit: Clarified some things.
@_date: 2017-02-11 23:37:27


As a thought experiment, what if the miners kept this soft fork a secret from all users except for Alice?  Does a single user changing their wallet suddenly make deactivation a hard fork for everyone?
On the other hand, what if the miners kept this soft fork a secret from everyone?  If a chain soft forks on the network, but no one is aware to update, does deactivation make a hard fork?


Ok, that's true.  I think I see what your point is now.  If 51% of the miners deactivate SegWit, then the 49% remaining can *still* mine with the SegWit rules.  This would create 2 floating currencies.  (This is essentially what BU is attempting to do.)  The SegWit users would have no money on the blockchain of the "deactivated" coin but their funds would remain on the SegWit coin.  Assuming that both coins have a market value, they will still lose some wealth, proportional to the marketcap split between the two coins.
So yes, I agree that a minority chain would still work.  I guess that my issue is that by using SegWit, a user is forgoing any funds on a potential deactivated chain.  If people are fine with that risk, then they should update to SegWit.
@_date: 2017-02-23 13:58:31
This is very cool.
It's great that Bitcoin can be used to theoretically fund this type of research.
The insecurity of SHA1 has been known for quite some time, but [it was never cheap enough]( to warrant solving that bounty.
@_date: 2017-02-25 23:06:52


They can send BTC to a SW address and they can also receive BTC from a transaction that spends someone else's SW UTXO.  They just can't sign (or fully validate) a transaction spend a SW UTXO.


They may not have an interest in forking, but if they're using a non-SW client, and the miners revert SW, then they will unintentionally be on this fork.  They may not originally have an interest, but once they start sending and receiving transactions on this chain, they won't want to just undo all of them.  That's what will end up giving this value.


Well there will be 2 chains.  I would argue that the sum of the chains would likely remain fixed (similar to ETH/ETC) but each individual coin would itself be lower in value.
(I should note that I'm not opposed to *activating* SW.  I just personally think it's too risky to store BTC in a SW transaction.)
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:20:39


Do you?  The 95% threshold is only for *miners*, not user wallets/nodes.  The only reason this is 95% instead of 51% is to reduce the risk of miners orphaning blocks.  If SegWit is activated due to majority support, regardless of the actual percentage, all of the miners will end up either mining SegWit blocks or being orphaned.
The attack I mentioned can still occur even if the miners signaled 100%.  The entire attack actually **requires** SegWit to be activated first.  It can only happen if the miners first activate SegWit and then subsequently revert it.
The argument from Core is that it is unlikely that users won't use SegWit, therefore this attack is unlikely to happen.  If your point is simply that SegWit is not controversial, then do you think that the people in rbtc are an insignificant minority?  If so, why isn't SegWit being used yet and why are there so many threads dedicated to convincing users about SegWit?  If the resistance is an insignificant minority, how did they manage to prevent activation?  I don't understand how you can both claim it is not controversial while also posting the responses from rbtc users to your question.  Note: I'm **not** trying to say that these rbtc users are correct in their reasons for rejecting SegWit.  I'm just saying that they *do* disagree with SegWit (for whatever reason) and that's enough to allow for the possibility of the attack mentioned in the link from Core.


There's no way to accurately measure full node support.  If the malicious attack mentioned in my post was being done, it would be trivial to create a Sybil attack to fake node support.  This already occurred with BU nodes and there's nothing to prevent SegWit nodes from doing this too.


You're forgetting that miners can falsely signal or even change their mind.  Do you not think it's possible for a miner that supported the activation of SegWit to later change their mind?  This is why the signaling should **only** be used to coordinate to attempt to prevent orphaning.  It should not be used to assume political positions.


I agree that the economic incentives are aligned to encourage users to *eventually* move to SegWit, but the concern is that an attack happens *before* this occurs.  If every user moved to SegWit, then the attack would not be successful.


My comment was a quote from Core with an explanation why some users believe that a single assumption they made was not necessarily true.  That's not misinformation or FUD.  Always claiming "FUD" is not an adequate counter to criticism.
@_date: 2017-02-25 18:45:38
So why is what I said wrong?  Are you claiming that 10% a negligible number of users?  Or are you claiming that 90% of users are attributing value to a chain that steals SegWit transactions is not a financial risk?
@_date: 2017-02-25 20:08:23


So you don't think that a full node can be used as a wallet?  It seems that *you* are pretty severely confused on this subject if you don't understand the connection.


Ok great, so we're in agreement.
**So why on earth would it be a sound financial decision to sign a transaction where 95% of users are using a client on a hard-forked chain that will interpret it as giving away your coins?**
Those 95% will attribute value to this hard-forked chain which will dilute the value of the SegWit.  Just because a "non-negligible" 5% are using the same chain as you does not in any way imply that this is not a huge financial risk.


Yes, of course a hard-fork *could* do anything, but my concern is not a hypothetical situation.  In the case of SegWit, there *currently exists* a hard-fork that has a significant amount of user support already.  If nobody supported this hard-fork, then this would be a non issue, but that's simply not reality.
Please re-read my original comment above until it makes sense to you.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:32:06
I could be misunderstanding, but I was under the impression that SHA256 only protects the public key that ECDSA uses.  If *both* SHA256 and ECDSA were broken, then it would be an issue.  If only SHA256 is broken, then it would be equivalent security to reusing an address.  Not the end of the world, but it would require everyone to move their bitcoins to a new address after a new hashing function is added in order to achieve the same original level of security.
No emergency hard fork should be required for this unless someone also happened to break ECDSA.  If that happened, then we would need an emergency hard fork to actually rollback to some previous block.  I don't think this is very likely, however, since if ECDSA could be broken, then any reused address would be cleaned out today.
Edit: I may have been slightly incorrect.  If all [old addresses]( have weakened security, then a hard fork *might* be necessary in order to use a new address type.  I'm not sure if this can be done via a soft fork or not.)
@_date: 2017-02-11 22:31:22


Everyone keeps saying this, but I don't think this is strictly true.  Forks are *relative* to a specific set of consensus rules.  What is a hard fork for person A might not be a fork at all for person B.
As a simple example, let's imagine that the miners decide to activate a soft fork (with 100% miner support) that only allows a block nonce that is odd while orphaning all blocks with an even nonce.  All nodes can safely ignore these new stricter rules since it is a soft fork, after all.  A user named Alice decides to update her wallet software to be Odd-Compliant while another user named Bob does not update.  In fact, Bob did not even realize that any soft fork was even going on at all.
A few days later, the miners notice that they have a super lucky even number 8888 that will never be a nonce due to this rule!  They quickly decide that this soft fork was a terrible idea and decide to deactivate it.
If deactivation is a hard fork, as you claim, what does that really *mean*?  Do both Alice and Bob need to update or else they will be kicked off the chain?  No, only Alice needs to.  Since the rules after deactivation are still a subset of the consensus rules that Bob follows (they're actually equivalent in this example), he *still* does not need to update his wallet.  From Bob's perspective, it's still business as usual.  Since the rules after deactivation are a superset of the consensus rules that Alice follows, she *will* have to update her wallet.  For Alice the deactivation is seen as a hard fork, while for Bob it is seen as no fork at all.
SegWit is no different.  Any users who never updated to a SegWit wallet will also not need to update if SegWit is deactivated.  Any users who did update to a SegWit wallet will also need to update if SegWit is deactivated.  Those in the 2nd group may end up losing funds.
I'm not trying to claim that deactivation is likely or unlikely to occur.  I just am pointing out that it *is* a risk and a rational user should assess it prior to updating.
@_date: 2017-02-25 21:56:07


In theory?  The SEC would.
In practice?  Well as you mentioned, there's a lot of speculation about rehypothecation in ETFs for precious metals.
There is one fundamental difference between a bitcoin ETF and a gold ETF that could reduce (but still not completely remove) trust.  A bitcoin ETF has the ability to prove solvency, just as exchanges do.  Since physical commodities have no public ledger, this just isn't possible for a conventional commodity based ETF.
I doubt this bitcoin ETF will provide a public proof of solvency, but if enough people demand one, anything is possible.  I wonder if this ETF will allow investors to take delivery on the asset too.
@_date: 2017-02-23 18:10:57


I don't think said this at all.  He merely asked for permission for an open debate.  For all we know, he was going to argue a case *against* BU instead of claiming that it was not-broken.  He just wants to make sure discussing (either side of the debate) won't get him banned.  The act of claiming a Streisand logical fallacy here is itself a [straw man fallacy](


I personally have [tried to argue a technical defense]( to each and every point raised by the OP, but [nobody]( has [responded]( so far.  I implore you to respond with a technical rebuttal.
By posting here, I may have unintentionally violated.  This is why is asking permission.  I am trying to be careful not to "promote" any software, but based on previous moderator rulings it is unclear if simply arguing that BU is not broken is sufficient for having a post removed.  Many other posts about BU have been removed in the past.  This is why asking for mod permission is a good idea.
@_date: 2017-02-12 00:09:32
Right, that's how *you* would interpret the event.  *You* would see it as a hard fork since your node's consensus rules mark the deactivated blocks as invalid.
On the other hand...
My and everybody else's old (non-SegWit) nodes would be accepting their valid blocks.  They might as well have done no activation or deactivation at all.  0 fucks given.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:14:50


**None** of your answers address a single question that I asked!  How are these similar at all?  I see nothing related to bandwidth, CPU, or storage space.
I made 3 posts above.  The first post was a response to your OP post.  The other 2 posts were arguing that you never addressed the points in my first post.  Now you decide to reply yet again with a copy paste from completely different questions.  I suspected that you weren't even reading my posts, but [this is about as blatant of a straw man argument as you can possibly make](  Either respond to **my** original post or don't bother at all.  You're just putting words in my mouth at this point.  I won't be rebutting anything you posted above unless it actually is in response to [*my original first post*](


**I did not ask this.**


**I did not ask this.**  However, you repeat what you said your OP post that was what I originally questioned:


Prove it.  This is all that I'm trying to ask you.
**How does the blocksize metric affect each and every one of the items you claim are negatively impacted and why do the solutions that I [originally posted here]( insufficient for fixing them?**
That's all I wanted to know, but you keep deflecting with tangents and straw man replies.  I will copy this question again in case it needs to be read a second time:
**How does the blocksize metric affect each and every one of the items you claim are negatively impacted and why do the solutions that I [originally posted here]( insufficient for fixing them?**
If the question is unclear, just let me know and I'll be happy to clarify it further, but please don't bother responding unless you fully understand what I'm asking first.


**I did not ask this.**
Thank you for fully answering someone else's 3 questions and reposting the irrelevant responses here. ^/s
I had originally asked you to "let me know where my logic has failed", but since you have not done this, I can only conclude that you fully agree that my solutions address each of the associated concerns.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:04:44
Even if SHA256 is ever broken, I think we can just migrate over to another secure hash without issue.  We might need a soft fork to introduce a [new Opcode](
We currently aren't using OP_SHA1 for regular transactions but maybe this would be a good reason to use a soft fork to deprecate it?  I suppose there's no harm in keeping it, however, as long as people know it is insecure.
@_date: 2017-02-25 17:53:56
It sounds like he's more confused about how an ETF works (or perhaps I am).  Doesn't an ETF need to be backed by the underlying asset, regardless of what that asset is?  If so, then I'd be more concerned about that guy's knowledge of financial markets in general.
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:39:52
Oh sorry, I misread the post.  I thought it was talking about addresses only.
For the PoW, I agree this would be an expensive change (both financially and politically).  I was just thinking about the feasibility from purely a technological perspective.  I think it can be done via a soft fork by requiring that the nonce meets a more constrained criteria.  For example, in order for a nonce to be considered valid, it must be the SHA512 of the prior block appended to a "second nonce".  The second nonce would be a random number selected by a miner, just as it was done before.
But yea, politically I absolutely agree this would be a clusterfuck.  If you subscribe to the belief that the value of BTC is derived from the financial investment of miners, then this would probably increase the value oddly enough.
@_date: 2017-02-25 21:42:19


Again, it *does* matter because this hard-fork has a **market value** and you're therefore giving away money in a different currency.  Using your logic, when the ETH/ETC fork happened, a user should *not* have split their coins.  You're claiming that it does not matter if a ETC user signs their transactions because the ETH hard fork can give their coins away either way.  This would have been **terrible** financial advice.
*You* are missing the point.


There's an *infinite* number of possible consensus rules and therefore an infinite number of possible hard-forks/altcoins.  There's only a small *finite* number of these that users have attributed a *market value* to.  The only ones that matter for this discussion are those that fall into this small set.  As of right now at this very moment there exists a "special hard-fork" that users are attributing a value to.
This special hard-fork considers every single bitcoin transaction as valid *except* when it comes to SegWit.  For these transactions, it uses the old anyone-can-spend rules.  If this special hard-fork did not have a market value or did not mark these transactions as anyone-can-spend, then there would be no concern here and would be no different than any other altcoin.
A hard-fork is just an altcoin by another name.  An altcoin is just an arbitrary set of consensus rules to validate blocks.  If you do not understand how altcoins work, there are plenty of tutorials for beginners that I would suggest reading, but I don't have the time to explain such fundamental concepts to you.




Really?  [I literally copied that from your comment above.](  Perhaps you are the one who is very agitated and upset at this point.  If don't even recognize your own words and think they sound upset, then that's probably a sign that you're getting way too worked up over this.  Your advice on taking a break is quite good, so I would suggest taking it.
@_date: 2017-02-25 18:14:19
That's simply not true.  If 10% of the users ran SegWit, that's not a negligible number, but this risk is definitely still there.  If the remaining 90% of users value the alt coin, then this is a huge financial risk to the SegWit users.  What is needed is a negligible number of non-SegWit users since these users are the ones who will attribute value to a new alt-coin.
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:37:22
Well I don't really want to argue over which is the proper terminology, since they're used synonymously and we're talking about the same thing in the end.  My point was just that this is what it's commonly called since the original whitepaper first called it this.  For example, even on the [bitcoin wiki](


or even on the [Core website](


But as I said, it's not that important.


Right, I agree.  Value is ultimately determined by market participants, so it's up to them to decide which chain has value.
@_date: 2017-02-27 20:43:02
Yes, I realize this and agree.  The term "longest chain" is conventionally used to describe what you said despite being a misnomer.  The "length" is a metric measured in the amount of work rather than the number of blocks as you said.
I agree that it's a bad term, but I'm just trying to be consistent with the standard nomenclature.
@_date: 2017-02-25 22:37:17


Right.  The worry is those who did not do a SW transaction will fork.  The problem is that a Sybil attack on the nodes is trivial, so there's really no way to know the true support from market participants ahead of time.
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:53:59


I agree, but that's only a hard-fork from the point of view of a SegWit aware node, **not** from a SegWit unaware node.
The relevant quote from Core:




I agree (but only to a certain extent).  The main difference is that a significant number of users are *already* using the wallet for this hard-fork and are also against SegWit.  My fear is that they will have no qualms about attributing value to this hard-forked coin and in doing so, they will effectively be transferring wealth from SegWit users to non-SegWit users.  The larger this anti-SegWit group is, the larger the marketshare this coin would have and therefore the more wealth it would effectively transfer.


I don't disagree with this at all.  Hopefully what I said above makes my position more clear.  Many anti-SegWit users are already saying they want to create a new hard-forked coin where SegWit transactions being treated as anyone-can-spend.  Even if I support the *activation* of SegWit (which I actually do), **I do not want to sign a transaction that will be interpreted as giving away my coins on a *different* potential chain**.  (This chain does not exist today, but the more fractured the community gets, the more likely it will exist in the future.)
A hard-fork variant of SegWit that uses a backwards incompatible transaction format would allow users to still have coins on both chains.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:46:04
Most of the hatred toward the Core devs is irrational.  Improvements should be judged based on their intrinsic merits rather than based on an ad hominem reasoning.
The animosity toward the Core devs always bothered me even though I do not agree with everything they do.  I think that there's at least a small group of people that can separate their personal feelings from their arguments against the Core roadmap, but these are sadly not the more vocal group.
@_date: 2017-02-22 15:13:15


These techniques will verify transactions *prior* to them being mined in a block so that they can safely skip signature verification once a block is received that includes them.  The signatures are essentially precomputed to save time.  Yes, the original goal may have been to reduce bandwidth, but a side effect is that the transaction signature verification can be done *before* a block is received.
The issue described in your link is about a potential attack (CVE-2013-2292) caused by the block verification time being longer than the block generation time.  As blocks get larger, the potential block verification time increases, but with xthin or compact blocks, this is all precomputed anyway.


Xthin and compact blocks will only save the bandwidth of blocks, not of unconfirmed transactions.  Regardless of the block size, anyone can just spam many transactions that your node would relay.  I could be wrong, but I think there is a minimum fee required for a transaction to be considered standard and therefore relayed.  With xthin or compact blocks, you will still have the same bandwidth costs for relayed unconfirmed transactions, but the cost for blocks will be extremely low and scale linearly with block size.


SegWit can make signature verification cheaper, I agree.  If combined with xthin or compact blocks, Schnorr signatures can drastically reduce the precomputed verification time as well.  Schnorr is a really nice optimization.
Edit: I should also mention that the signature verification attack in your link was an embarrassingly parallel problem anyway, so another "solution" could have been to simply parallelize or distribute it over multiple cores/machines.  That's not an unreasonable financial cost for miners that pay far more in their mining rigs, but it's obviously not as elegant of a solution as Schnorr.
@_date: 2017-02-11 21:40:09
50% of the hashrate does *not* currently support SegWit, only 25% does.
Even if the majority of miners *did* support it today, there's no way to be sure that they will still support it tomorrow.  The majority could start enforcing the SegWit rules today and then stop enforcing them tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-03-20 22:57:21




I agree.  That's why I was saying that a UASF or true hard-fork are probably the only feasible options.


I agree.  Since the purpose of changing the PoW anyway is to prevent an attck, it seems a bit pointless to me.
Plus, if done as a hard-fork, of course [other improvements]( can be made too.  Also, I hate to be "that guy", but didn't most Core devs also state that a moderate block size increase would also be safe, but was on the back burner since it required a hard-fork?
I really wish that Core had a git branch dedicated to hard-fork-only features for situations like this.  If you need to emergency hard-fork anyway, you might as well make the most of it.


Fair enough.  It's definitely an interesting idea that can have value down the road too.
@_date: 2017-02-08 21:07:42
At first glance, I thought this was a funny troll post asking to recover bitcoin from [a stick of volatile RAM](
Looks like others have already helped to identify it, so good luck with the recovery!
@_date: 2017-02-12 01:15:16
If only a small percentage of the Bitcoins were held in SegWit addresses, would it still destroy the value of Bitcoin?
I can see this potentially playing out similar to the ETH/ETC fork.  The chain would split into a SegWit chain and "deactivated" chain (like the ETH and ETC chains respectively).  Users who risked their funds with SegWit (like those who risked in the DAO) would have coins on just the SegWit (ETH) chain while having none on a deactivated (ETC) chain.  Users who did not update to SegWit (like those who didn't invest in the DAO) would have coins on both chains and would therefore give value to the deactivated chain.  Both chains would result in 2 coins with floating values and the sum of the two marketcaps would be approximately equal to the SegWit coin before the deactivation event.  The proportion in market cap would depend entirely on how many users used SegWit.  The more that used SegWit, the more value the SegWit chain would have and the less the deactivated chain would have.  So yes, it would "destroy" (or just decrease) the value of the SegWit coin, I suppose, but it would still be a net positive for the miners.
The above is pure speculation, of course, and I don't claim to know what the price would do.  It's anyone's guess what would happen, but the above seems reasonable to me.


Basically, my point is that the same could be said for ETC.  What rational actor would give value to ETC - a coin on which some users had their money stolen?
@_date: 2017-03-28 15:10:33
These user agent strings are starting to look as ugly as those in a web browser.
Web browser user agents are so ugly because they developed organically.  Are there any standards that developers should follow?  The "Satoshi" prefix has become the new "Mozilla".  :)
@_date: 2017-02-25 23:08:00
I'm not going to argue with a troll...
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:44:59
Does anyone know which Core devs currently support changing the PoW?  Are there any links to show this?
It's unclear to me if this is something the devs support too or if it's just the community.
@_date: 2017-03-04 20:43:30
I don't think they're trying due to the lack of aligned incentives.
Since the spam filter isn't published, it would be up to miners to create and constantly update their own filters.  This gives them no benefit but they incur a high cost.  If a 3rd party provided them with a free filter, on the other hand, then they *might* use it.  They still wouldn't have a benefit but at least they wouldn't incur a high cost.
Either way, there is still a small cost to miners since they would be actively refusing a fee paying transaction.  The only way I can see this being aligned with their incentives is if the filter was added (and updated) via a soft-fork.  If the filter is not part of the consensus rules, then it would only take 1 malicious miner to bypass it.  (For this reason, it also wouldn't make sense for all miners to write their own different filters.)  I don't know if adding this to the consensus rules would be politically feasible since it would be actively censoring transactions and would almost certainly have false positives.
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:34:02
Great explanation for the non programmers (and for the fluent programmers that are not familiar with the codebase).
I realize that the Core devs have been trying to take a hands-off approach, but it might help if they publicly comment on the quality of the patch, even if they don't want to officially endorse it.  Users might be afraid to use this code since they may not necessarily trust non-Core dev teams.
@_date: 2017-02-25 19:00:58


So just to be clear, you are claiming that even if 95% of the users on the network do not update their wallet software to be SegWit compatible, then a SegWit soft-fork reversion would still not be a financial risk to the SegWit users?
A reversion in this situation would mean that 95% of the users would believe the SegWit transactions to be anyone-can-spend.
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:57:33
If it's secret, then miners can't enforce it.  If it's not enforced, then the spammers have *already* gotten around it.
This is why email spam filters rely on constant new information.  Just update the spam filter when necessary.  Sure it's a cat and mouse game, but if you don't play, then the mouse will *always* win by default.
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:48:48
I think I agree!
Setting the checkpoint would prevent the eternal looming threat of a reorg.  The main argument against this that I've heard was that only 1 chain would likely survive.  Since it was "unlikely" but not "impossible", I never quite understood why a checkpoint shouldn't just be made automatically anyway.  Using a checkpoint is proactive while using invalidateblock is reactive.
Doing a 2-phase commit like this is very similar to how soft-forks are currently done.  The main difference is that nodes are no longer "full nodes" since they don't fully enforce the same limit as miners.  Instead, they effectively have an infinite blocksize limit while the miners have a smaller one.  If voting on the limit is done entirely by miners anyway, then the miners can just self regulate by orphaning.
I'm a bit surprised your criticism was met with such hostility.  It seems constructive to me.


I just meant that the *signaling* could technically be done outside of the BU client (until it's implemented).  Since signaling is just at the policy level (the policy of what to set EB to), BU wouldn't need to fork the current consensus rules in order to add this coordination layer.  In that sense, I wouldn't call it "broken", just "incomplete" due to an important missing policy.  Basically, BU is a low level tool that if used improperly can cause issues.  Until the coordination policy is added to the client, it's up to the miners to handle it manually.
@_date: 2017-03-22 12:20:36
What specific functionality is crippled?  People keep saying this, but it always seems very vague.  At least temporarily, that might still be "good enough".
@_date: 2017-03-05 01:58:55
It seems to me that "ownership" is more of a human or a legal construct that tends to break down when it comes to information and intellectual property.  I think the word "control" is much more fitting for bitcoin.  Just like ownership, control can be revoked.  Unlike ownership, control is based on the *ability* that someone has.
I think this is more of a philosophical question than a legal one.  As far as the law is concerned, a judge will just interpret what it means to "own" a bitcoin based on their opinion, so there really is no definitive legal criteria.
@_date: 2017-03-11 05:28:43
But they're not really "leaving".  They would still own coins on both the original Bitcoin chain and the new BU altcoin, so why wouldn't they be included in that ~100%?
(Plus since everyone would have coins on both chains, how could you even tell the groups apart in order to determine which opinions should count toward the ~100%?)
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:19:07
One way I think this could be done is using a two-phase commit protocol.  First the miners signal, then they change their EB value.  Since the majority of miners are assumed to be honest, they will not send a false signal.
To explain further:
The miners broadcast a vote for a specific value.  There is no consensus on this value at first, but gradually over time the miners will bargain and compromise until the majority converges on a single winning value.  All honest miners now set their EB to this value.  Since the majority are using the same EB value, the median value will always be equivalent to this winning EB value.  If no majority consensus on this winning value is reached, then the blocksize remains unchanged.
@_date: 2017-03-19 04:15:32
I don't understand.  They can just signal for both SegWit and BU if they wanted to.  They're not mutually exclusive.
Even if you were to reward them for not signaling BU (rather than for signaling Segwit), there's no reason why they need to signal in the coin base at all.  They could just post a signed message on reddit to signal their vote for BU.  The coin base is really just used for convenience.
@_date: 2017-03-30 00:36:21
Thanks for the reply, this info is very useful.


Ok thanks.  This is what I was hoping for.


I wasn't really trying to imply that soft-forks violated the rules of the network that everyone implicitly agreed to by using Bitcoin.  I just meant that soft-forks technically violate the protocol upon which the network reaches consensus.  If they didn't violate this, wouldn't bitcoin be safer by just using a soft-fork checkpoint immediately after each new block is mined?  This would prevent orphaned blocks and 51% attacks.
Anyway, I was wondering if anyone has been able to create a decentralized non-federated sidechain that can still secure the network.  As far as I'm aware, the previous sidechain ideas have used what is effectively colored-coins to transact.  Since the underlying token is different than the valuable bitcoin asset being transfered, the mining incentives are not necessarily aligned to protect the asset.  This means that a double spend attack could be much easier and for this reason a trusted federation is beneficial.
Instead, could we achieve scaling by splitting the blockchain into 100 parallel chains that each have 1/100th of the block reward of bitcoin?  All chains will be functionally identical without a main center chain.  This would be nearly identical to having 100 alt-coins.  In order to prevent floating market values, we can make the coins fungible via a 2-way peg between all chains.  Lock coins on one chain and they will be unlocked on the other.  Users should naturally desire a system with evenly spread out coins in order to limit the incentives for a 51% attack.  Any 51% attack would only be able to affect the one chain.
The reason I was asking about soft-forks is because I think they could be used to do inter-chain transactions.  If inter-chain transactions are limited to once every 2016 blocks, for example, then we could deploy a soft-fork to checkpoint every 2016th block.  The purpose for this would be to prevent a 51% attack from undoing the "lock" transaction on chain A after the "unlock" transaction is mined on chain B.  The checkpoint would act as a point of no return.
@_date: 2017-02-12 01:45:34
How can a miner determine if a valid bitcoin transaction is a "financial transaction" in an objective way?  A miner must have the capability to make this distinction in order to apply those principals.
Edit: If this can be automated, then why isn't it in the consensus rules?  If it can't be automated because it's based on opinion, then why is your opinion more valid than a miners?  *I don't see any way to identify spam without making bitcoin less frangible.*
@_date: 2017-02-11 23:58:50


There's currently a large minority users and miners that are protesting SegWit.  All it takes for a deactivation event is for them to become a majority.  You may think this is a wildly implausible, but not everyone agrees with your opinion.  I really don't think it's trolling if some people believe it to be a genuine risk.
I'm not against informed users willingly upgrading to SegWit.  I just think that they should be fully aware of what they're doing.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:24:56
You can find the write-up [here](  Which part are you unable to follow?
@_date: 2017-03-23 12:18:27
That would allow miners to create empty blocks that propagate faster while still benefiting from the fees from transactions that other miners mine.  This would result in a tragedy of the commons and ultimately decrease the transaction throughput of the network.
This also won't help with spam transactions that the miner does not create themselves.
@_date: 2017-03-11 05:12:51
Ok thanks.  So if this requires a hard-fork, then this can't currently happen due to the lack of a nearly unanimous agreement, correct?  Even if most people want a defensive hard-fork, if they don't make up ~100%, then it's not possible?
@_date: 2017-03-31 21:07:38
I think this blocksize debate just made a lot of people become hyper-defensive to the point where any nuance in opinion means you're the enemy.
I'd also mention the [Underhanded C contest]( but he would just yell "FUD FUD FUD".  I think most people here agree that the code is probably perfectly fine, so I don't know why he's being so defensive.
I'm not sure how my initial complement to him for explaining the code somehow turned into me "fearmongering".  Some people in this subreddit are crazy...
@_date: 2017-03-22 15:24:27
This is a very good guide, however it's very easy to mess up for inexperienced users.  The best thing for inexperienced users would be to wait until this is automated at a software level so it does not need to be done manually.
@_date: 2017-03-28 13:25:02
Why not promote the creation of many alt-coins that can compete to be considered a hard-fork?  As long as these alt-coins share a common UTXO set with bitcoin (and are therefore not scam-coins), I would argue that they are actually very *healthy* for the community since they offer more choice.
For example, a Luke-coin could be created that sets a 300KB block size limit that increases by 17% per year.  Best case, the market determines that this alt-coin should become a hard-fork.  Worst case, the coin gets attacked and dies off.  It's also possible that it just co-exists with bitcoin peacefully as an alt-coin.  None of these situations can occur without a *free market* being able to trade it, however.
Edit: grammar
@_date: 2017-03-13 20:56:42


I meant that BU is adding [BIP100](  This policy has a 75% activation threshold.


I said that I wanted this protection.  I was agreeing with you...
@_date: 2017-03-31 03:04:42


Bitcoin is trustless in that you don't have counterparty risk.  Most users don't verify and compile the code themselves, however.  Of course compiling it yourself with a custom written gcc compiler on a machine with hand built transistors is the only true way to be safe... but most people don't do that.  Yes, this is the safest way, but we're talking about a group of people that also lost millions to MtGox.  I'm not saying that people *should* trust the Core devs.  I'm saying that many do.  Many also won't even understand your detailed OP post.  Especially after the BU dev bashing, I'm sure that some people are now afraid of *any* non-Core devs.
If nobody was trusting the Core devs, then they wouldn't be signing their builds in the first place.  The fact is that publicly commenting on the patch and/or signing-off on it can't hurt.
@_date: 2017-03-18 18:16:29
This is how *all* hard-forks should be deployed, contentious or not.  They should be introduced as a new floating currency with a shared UTXO set.  The market will work it out.
If ~100% of users agree to the hard-fork, then the price of the old one will plummet to 0, while the new one will rise.  If the coin doesn't get 100% support, then the hard-fork fails gracefully into an altcoin.  Either way, nobody loses money and the world doesn't end.  Worst case, there's 2 currencies where one has a minority hash rate.
@_date: 2017-02-25 23:27:51
It sounds like this relies on market participants intentionally not following the longest chain if the chain contains a block not compliant with the soft-fork consensus rules.  This is an interesting approach, but if some market participants do not enforce the new rules, then it will result in a fork, identical to the outcome of a reverted soft-fork.  If some market participants follow the rules while others do not, this would result in 2 floating currencies.  This would not be the worst thing, in my opinion, as long as users were informed of the risk before accepting the new rules.
This is probably the best (and most fair) way to go about pushing through SegWit.  This nice part about your approach is that it's completely voluntary to users, although the choice itself is what allows for a fork.
I would probably be in favor of either SegWit activating or your flag-day proposal as long as no rollback would be done in the event of a fork.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:24:59
The discount was not chosen arbitrarily though.  When the witness data was added, it needed a cap on the size.  If the cap was too big, then a malicious actor could create large blocks.  If it was too small, then users would be unable to fully take advantage of SegWit transactions.  I was under the impression that it was selected specifically based on the amount of signature data that the average transaction would need to store.  Since only SegWit transactions can use this new witness space, they effectively get a spacial discount.
The entire reason why this scaling factor was necessary in the first place is because SegWit was implemented as a soft-fork, so it was restricted in how it could change the consensus rules.  If you are going to hard-fork to 2MB anyway, then there's no reason to have this discount at all.
Instead, I would suggest making 2MB blocks (or whatever size you're proposing) that treat all data equally.  People will naturally use SegWit transactions or old style transactions depending on their needs, which means they will usually choose transactions that are the most efficient since they have the lowest fees.
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:06:53
Also, what "horrible" things have you seen me say about the Core devs?  Can you provide a link?
@_date: 2017-03-07 23:55:04




That link does not say which benefits aren't provided by FlexTrans.  It only says which are provided by SegWit.  I was under the impression that all of these benefits were still possible with FlexTrans except for obviously not being implementable as a soft-fork.


All proposals start without peer review and over time they become reviewed and iteratively improved.  Just because a proposal has not yet had enough peer review does not make it inherently bad or insecure.  It just means it may potentially be.
As I said, I'm open to similar types of proposals too.  I don't have any personal attachment to the FT specification specifically, but I do like the advertised benefits.
Ideally, I would want a well defined and well tested data format.  There's no need to reinvent the wheel for the format since there's plenty of battle tested formats to choose from (JSON, XML, YAML, etc.).  A formal language specification would also be ideal.
The purpose of a peer review is to review the code and fix any issues that are discovered.  The quote you provided claims that vague issues were found, but it doesn't sound like they were reported to the author to be fixed.  There's no reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater since before going live on the network, issues with the format can always be fixed.
@_date: 2017-03-26 17:05:24
Agreed.  Many Core supporters criticized BU supporters for attempting a "hostile takeover".  This seems like a peaceful exit that everyone can agree on.  There's no reason why both sides can't share the ledger with 2 separate coins.
Release the coin and let the market decide!
@_date: 2017-03-31 21:22:58


I said "Great explanation".  How would you prefer that I phrase my complement your ungrateful highness?


I never said you missed anything.  I never said the Core devs *need* to do anything.  I said it "*might be helpful*" if Core devs commented on the code quality.  Why is this that controversial??  They're experts in this codebase.  Are you saying that if they reviewed the code, it would actually somehow be a bad thing?
I would suggest rereading my [initial post](  You're imagining things that I never said.  That's why I called you crazy.  I never said to "Trust only the core devs".  I just said that their opinion has value.  Do you disagree?
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:10:06


I'm not sure what you mean by this.  All that I proposed was creating a branch to hold all features that require a hard-fork so that if an emergency hard-fork is needed, then these features can be deployed *in a single release* not two.  I'm proposing to turn two hard-forks into one.


No, of course not.  That would be ridiculously unsafe.  The hard-fork branch can and should be tested on its own testnet.


No, I'm proposing to release the software at the same time.  It would be included in the client that causes the hard-fork.  One download would include both the emergency fix plus the new desired features.
Edit: accidentally a word
@_date: 2017-03-06 00:10:53
Glad to see this released!  It looks like this was [merged in here](
I first learned about this [only a few weeks ago]( thanks to Jorge Timn.


This is very good since I think that checkpoints are technically an accidental soft-fork, but one that will only become apparent if there is a block reorganization.  (Assuming that 51% of miners are using the same checkpoints, I don't think this will happen.)
I'm hoping that my "delta snapshot" idea can be used to replace checkpoints.  They act as a volatile cache rather than as a fixed consensus rule, so a reorg would not cause harm if they were deployed without miner support.
@_date: 2017-03-25 18:49:03
Yes, I am worried actually.  No other event in the history of Bitcoin has actually made me concerned like this.  It makes me worry for Bitcoin, but not for cryptocurrency as a whole.
If I had to make a prediction, I would say that the price (in fiat) will either drop or remain relatively the same (at around $1000).  I think that this will be due to the lack of scaling that will deter new users.  At the same time, new users will enter other alt-coins that are able to service them.  The total cryptocurrency market cap will still rise, but Bitcoin will remain stagnant at best.  If Bitcoin does drastically decrease, it will probably be due to the network effect being siphoned off to other alt-coins.  If the price does decrease by a large amount, I would also predict an 11th hour compromise between the small and large block proponents.  If there is a compromise, I don't know what it will be or who will "win".  Also, due to the network effect, I am unsure if the cryptocurrency marketshare would ever return to Bitcoin even if this compromise occurs.
@_date: 2017-03-18 23:42:25
Ok, but how is that relevant to the OP?  My post is completely unrelated to BU or the block size debate.
@_date: 2017-03-23 03:55:24
Oops, he's 32.  Thanks for pointing that out.  When he traveled back to 2007, his new assumed birthday would be 32 years prior in [1975](
This must be how he was so prolific.
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:59:39


Ok, that makes sense.


Thanks, I'll have to look into that.  I wasn't aware that this could be done without exposing the public key to at least one 3rd party.
@_date: 2017-02-25 17:19:24
I'm not making anything up.  Here are the direct relevant quotes from Core:




Core said that this attack does not seem likely but in their reasoning they were making an assumption about the number of users using SegWit nodes.  There is no evidence that this assumption will be true after SegWit activates and Core (rightfully so) does not claim it is a certainty.  Core says it will be *likely* to be true while I believe that it's not a sure enough guarantee to warrant putting funds at risk.  I'm not sure how the above quotes were misinterpreted as they are very straight forward.
@_date: 2017-02-12 13:27:17


What did *you* mean by "everybody else's"?  These were your words.  I just turned them around on you to show how this situation can apply both ways.  I assume you meant people who are running nodes.


There is no guarantee that businesses or nodes will run SegWit just because the miners do.  A soft fork does not require them to do so, so it's entirely possible to have 0% node support while having 100% miner support.  The two are independent.


I'm critical of all proposals.  BU has it's own major issues that I spoke out against in another thread on rbtc.  This thread is not about BU, so that would be completely off topic.  Where did I ever say that I was in favor of BU in it's current form?
@_date: 2017-03-18 12:28:42


More detailed than the BIP100 proposal itself?  The reason why I claim it is solved is simple.  If miners adopt BIP100, then they agree to *only* change their EB value when 75% of them agree on a single EB value.  This means that the median is *equal* to this agreed upon EB value and therefore can not cause a 50/50 split.  (It's still possible to cause a 75/25 split, but any rational miner would want to be with the majority, so this split should never actually occur in practice.  The only reason why a 50/50 split could occur is because it was unknown, even to a rational miner, which chain will result in the majority hashrate.)


I'm not sure which link you're referring to.  I would be interested in these other new attack vulnerabilities.  If BIP100 causes new unsolved attack vectors, then I would no longer be in favor of it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:51:20
(After seeing this [latest thread]( I tried to give this some more thought.)
I still stand by what I said regarding filtering at the consensus level.  This is the only way to ensure that greedy (rationally) acting miners will enforce anti-spam rules.
I took a quick look at your Bitcoin Knots implementation.  It seems like some of the transactions that are being filtered as spam are still financial ones (unless you don't consider gambling financial).  These are financial transactions, but they bog down the network because they occur at a very high rate.
It might be better to define spam not as being a junk transaction, but as a junk transaction *that occurs often*.  So instead of spam being a boolean flag, it becomes a sliding scale.  This is how people naturally attribute a level of harm to spam.  For example, one viagra email per year would not do much harm, but one per day would.  So why not try to just *throttle* spam rather than censor it completely?
This actually seems like a much easier problem that won't even require filter updates.  A minimum fee could be required that is inversely proportional to bitcoin days destroyed.  A hard upper limit (e.g. 30 days) should be used such that it's still possible to send a free transaction as long as a user waits long enough.  This would effectively *rate limit* spam, while still allowing most users to transact normally.
For example, `minFee = c * (1/D - 1/L)`, where D is the days destroyed, L is the hard upper limit constant (30 days), and c is some scaling constant.  Unfortunately this introduces 2 new political values, L and c.  The scaling constant c will be the one with the most political contention.  Since miners already have the power to set their own minimum fee, perhaps they should be allowed to set this global minimum fee.  This c value could be set (and updated) by a majority vote of the miners.
Since the blocksize is limited to 1MB, there's already a hard cap on the tx/block that a user can send.  Using rate limiting would just make it more expensive as someone approaches this cap.  For the majority of users, they will not be near this cap and therefore will (in theory) not be affected by this increased fee.  If a user *does* try to make many legitimate financial transactions in a short period of time, then the LN is probably a better use case for them anyway.
I should note that I'm not necessarily advocating for this idea yet.  I'm not entirely sure of any unintended consequences.
@_date: 2017-03-14 16:51:31
Each miner can just set a minimum fee they require to stay profitable.  The *network* minimum fee will reduce to 0, but the fee per miner will be non-0.
As the block reward subsidy decreases, mining will become unprofitable if fees are too low.  Miner can refuse to mine transactions that do not meet a certain fee.  Any miners with a fee too high will be priced out of the market.  Any miners with a fee too low will not turn a profit and go bankrupt.  Users can use this information to decide the optimal fee based on their desired probability of being included in the next block.
This would have a similar result as full blocks, except the fee amount is derived based on the free market price for mining power rather than a free market price for a limited block space resource.
@_date: 2017-03-13 14:16:17
I don't think that's how it works.  Unless I'm misunderstanding it, the BIP100 blocksize number is *used to set* the EB number, so if they use BIP100, they don't manually change their EB.
Before BIP100, EB was just a number that miners had to *manually* set.  Since they had no coordination with each other, they could easily run into issues (like the median EB attack).  BIP100 gives them a way to coordinate so that they set a *network-wide* EB value at once rather than an uncoordinated fragmented EB value.  Anyone adhering to the BIP100 policy basically says "everyone should use the same EB value or nobody should change".  As long as 75% run BIP100 (which they should since they have lower orphan rates), then the system will work.
First each miner signals a BIP100 vote for what they want the network-wide EB value to be.  If 75% agree on this value, then anyone running BIP100 will change their EB value to it.
Nodes have no influence after 75% of the network is in agreement.  The nodes only have an informal influence in helping miners determine how they should cast their vote.  (Miners can also look at reddit and other forums in an attempt to gauge the market, but ultimately the decision is theirs.)
So, yes we could get rid if the ability to set the EB manually *in the client* (by making BIP100 mandatory), but this will always be a client-side policy.  Any miner that really wants to disable BIP100 in their client could always just modify their code, so I don't see any reason to remove the "manual override".
@_date: 2017-03-29 20:35:40
The economic majority is the majority of users *already invested in Bitcoin*.  This seems to just be a misunderstanding of poorly defined terms, not some radical view.
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:35:16
This could also be implemented as a checkpoint using a soft-fork, but that same point by  still applies.
How are UASFs coordinated?  Isn't that *also* the problem Bitcoin was designed to solve?  The same logic applies to *all* soft forks too.
@_date: 2017-03-21 02:05:45
Interesting idea.  It seems a bit like pegged sidechains, except this is still fully decentralized.  If it's possible to transfer between chains in a trust-less way without needing the UTXO set of the other chain, then this seems like a good idea.  So would this essentially shard the UTXO set?
I'd be interested to hear what other people think.
@_date: 2017-03-21 13:27:17
The code will be publicly available and I would encourage whatever time frame for debate is necessary.  Luke likes to say that a hard-fork can't occur unless there's ~100% support.  Whatever criteria he and the other Core devs use can be applied here as well.  There's nothing fundamentally different about the review process.  I'm talking about a situation where everyone wants to hard-fork, but we never do, not because of a lack of agreement, but because of a fear of hard-forks in general.


Yes, having to rebase it will require effort depending on the changes.  There are some tricks like git rerere that could make this a bit easier, but yes it is extra work.  Having new features will never come for free, but some will require very little effort to keep up to date.
@_date: 2017-03-13 20:20:25


No longer an issue.
BIP100 makes this a 75% threshold.  Before BIP100, I held the same opinion as you, but now this seems like a non issue to me.


This is not an issue (yet).
This debate has been going on for years and the BU client has existed for quite some time too.  I would expect this grace period to be announced after BU receives a 51% or 75% hashrate.  There's no reason to make any announcement before the decision to fork is locked in.


This is still an issue.
The defense I typically see is that it's not necessary since the re-target time of 2 weeks would make mining the 1MB chain unprofitable with only a 25% hashrate.  While I agree this is unlikely, it's still technically possible, so I would like to see this protection.  Even without this built in today, it can be always easily be added later as a soft-fork.
@_date: 2017-03-09 23:30:08
What I meant is that if SegWit has a false signal, then a minority of miners would start mining SegWit blocks but they could be orphaned by a majority.
In the attack he's describing, 51% of the network hashrate would need to be against big blocks.  I'm just saying that if 51% of the network are against *anything* (including SegWit), then they could just intentionally orphan blocks that they don't like.
I do admit, however, that killing the big block would be seen as "business as usual" by the attacking miners while killing the SegWit block would need to be intentionally malicious.
@_date: 2017-03-31 00:16:24
It's just a parody.  I'm not claiming that it's a balanced debate or a real critique.
@_date: 2017-03-10 06:54:58
I forgot to mention, I think [BIP100]( is currently being worked on in BU, which would solve numbers 1 and 2.
@_date: 2017-03-28 15:26:52
I'm glad I'm not the only one that thought this.
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:08:23
Thanks for the info, much appreciated.  Somehow I must have missed it.
@_date: 2017-03-11 19:26:40
If they represent just 2 or 3%, then I would agree, but wasn't the reason for creating a defensive hard-fork in the first place predicated on them being the majority?
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:33:50
That's true.
BU might increase the blocks to 2MB when it receives a 75% majority hashrate, but later suffer a reorg due to 51% *of this 75%* maliciously going back to the 1MB chain.  So while it's 51% of *BU's* hashrate, it's only 38% of the entire network's hashrate.
However, it sounds like many are arguing that if BU ever activates, the 1MB chain would not be profitable to mine anyway.  So the remaining 25% would just switch too due to mining incentives making this situation moot.
@_date: 2017-03-30 12:42:14
"Market manipulation" still counts.  As long as I can buy and sell at a specific price, that's all that matters.  The *reason* why the price is where it is does not matter.  If an exchange does not allow withdrawals or deposits, then it's no longer part of the market, however.
Fractional reserves still count toward this too.  These are just stolen coins.  Whoever stole them now has as much of a voice to contribute toward an economic majority as their rightful owners would have.
Bitcoin doesn't care about manipulated markets.  It's not fair, but that's just how the economics works.
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:00:49


I think you misunderstand what [FlexTrans]( does then.  I would suggest reading the FlexTrans proposal as it specifically addresses each and every one of these things.


I have no issue requiring that it undergoes rigorous testing.  I would encourage it.


No, you are not understanding me correctly.  I never said that I want Core to work for anyone.  I never even said anything about Core implementing this at all.  The burden of implementation will probably be on Tom Zander since he already both proposed and implemented this.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:28:47
Gotcha, that makes sense.  That's probably a good defensive measure.  Could the re-targeting interval be decreased with a soft-fork?  I'm not aware of any major technical reasons why it was set to 2016.  I never saw any technical justification of this number.  I just assumed it was selected based on the variance of the Poisson distribution.
@_date: 2017-03-07 23:22:56
Can you be more specific by answering the following:
1. How is insecure?  For example, what attacks does it allow for?
2. What benefits of SegWit does it not include?
@_date: 2017-03-04 20:44:01
Ok thanks.  I'm glad that I just misunderstood you.
@_date: 2017-03-28 14:49:02
I suppose so.  I think you're envisioning more stringent QA and testing than I was.  I was assuming a more go-fast-and-break-things approach.  After all, the target audience already tends to be fine with using hard-forks to fix potential issues.
Novice devs could work and would provide the benefits you mention, but it would take a lot longer to get them up to speed.  I personally think that miner attacks are too much of an imminent danger to rely on slower novice devs.  My fear is that an attack will occur before any alt-coin is completed.  (This is also why I'm in favor of a faster release with less QA/testing.)
@_date: 2017-03-21 01:40:55
A brain wallet means that you memorized a password.
1. Did you have a file on your computer that contained this password or the private key (text file, a pdf file, etc.) or did you just memorize it?
2. Did you ever import this into another wallet program?
3. Do you remember the password/phrase?  Do **NOT** say it if you do, not even to me.  Anyone who knows it can steal your BTC.  Just tell me "yes" or "no".
@_date: 2017-03-30 21:25:09
Of course not.  It was not "OK" that they stole customer funds, but if their stolen coins are still fungible with the other coins in the economy, then they are part of the economy and therefore count toward an economic majority.  If you don't want them to count, then you need to remove their frangibility.
Unless you're asking me about MtGox since their price was artificially different than other exchanges since withdrawals were halted.  For this, I already said:


@_date: 2017-03-11 22:04:03
Ok, you're saying that the hashrate support for the change in protocol is not necessarily in proportion to the community support, since they have nowhere near a high enough sample size.  Even if they did, they still have different incentives than the rest of the community (e.g. block reward size).  I can agree with that.
How would we accurately measure the community support then?  Currently it's been just hand waving guess work.  As far as I know, the only Sybil-proof way to measure support is **PoW for miners** and **PoS for the community**.
The idea of using PoS to informally vote [has been done before]( but it might be interesting to use this as a way to formally measure community support.  The informal Bitcoinocracy results seem to show far more than 2-3% support, but they could be heavily biased due to sample size, lack of decentralization, and political influence.  (I have similar criticism for the results of [your poll from a month ago]( except with the addition that these results are not Sybil proof.)
Just as PoW can be used to signal activation of *soft-forks*, I think PoS should be used to signal activation of *hard-forks*.
Couldn't Core build something like this into the client and standardized it into a single decentralized election?  This seems like the one thing PoS is actually really good for and would make an elegant analog to soft-fork voting.  Since hard-forking is the one nuclear power that the economic users have, I think it makes sense to use this as a signaling mechanism.
If there was an official outlet to vote for a hard-fork, I suspect we would see fewer arguments since we can easily point to real numbers.
Edit: Grammar
@_date: 2017-03-21 19:06:02
It's probably just a hard software limit.  If it ever gets that high (which it shouldn't) then it can just be raised with a new release.
(But I realize you're being sarcastic :P)
In all likelihood, we'll probably see BU used to create a rise to 2MB followed by SegWit, followed by off-chain scaling.  Without further optimizations or massive technological improvements, I don't think anyone at BU really wants 256MB blocks anytime soon.
@_date: 2017-03-29 21:41:44


At this point, the miners can just raise their minimum fees again and the increased reward would encourage new miners to join the network.  The market should always reach an equilibrium (with some variance).  It would be mutual destruction to operate at a loss, so there should be some network minimum fee that would emerge organically based on the operational cost of mining.
If the operational cost for a miner was higher than this equilibrium fee, then they would go out of business, just as they would today if their costs were more than 12.5BTC per block.
A similar situation can play out in the "real world" economy too.  A business can always try to undercut the competition at a loss, but a rational one would never do so if it meant a long term financial loss.
@_date: 2017-03-30 17:16:52
The fallback could always be to just continue the old rules.  I see no harm in this.
@_date: 2017-03-04 18:23:45
Not necessarily.
As a trivial counter example, imagine a UASF that had one simple rule: all transactions are invalid unless their destination address is your address.  Let's call this the bytevc chain.  Obviously this chain would have an economic minority since almost nobody would want these rules.  Since these consensus rules are still technically a soft-fork (they're a subset of the current rules), this chain would be seen as valid by **all** mining nodes.  The non-bytevc chain would clearly *not* lose in the long run, so I don't think that being seen as valid by all nodes is enough to convince miners to switch to it.  Miners would be afraid that if they did switch, the economic majority would exercise their power to hard-fork away.
@_date: 2017-03-19 05:03:15
It's a little unclear if you're using pure PoS or still using PoW but requiring an additional proof.
* If you switch to pure PoS (where the reward is proportional to the number of blocks signaling SegWit), then all mining equipment is worthless.  Any miners who did not vote for SegWit or BU will be excluded too.  Since they no longer need to expend any energy to mine, they're effectively being given the remaining 4,750,000 coins (and fees) for free.
* If you switch to PoW with the additional requirement of signing a block with a key that previously voted for SegWit, then miners only need to signal for 1 SegWit block to mine forever.
In either of the above scenarios, the miners are locked in and will just make centralization worse.  Arguably, this will drive the value of the coin down and actually make BU more attractive.
@_date: 2017-03-31 03:26:39
Yes, that is what it is.  It's something both sides should probably be in favor of, to be honest.  It just gives you more choice in clients.
If you want 1MB blocks and SegWit, you can just set EB=1,AD=Infinity and it will work identical to Core.  (Although if you do this, there's not any advantage/disadvantage to using it.)
It's the only client that I know of that can emulate both an EC and a SegWit client.  By signaling for both solutions, we can get out of this stalemate faster.
*Core supporters should especially like this since it allows miners that want big blocks to signal it without blocking the SegWit activation.*
Edit: Also see the "Infinity Patch"
@_date: 2017-03-31 22:01:05


Of course.  It would be crazy to run this before testing and review is done.  Playing fast and loose with the network is always a bad idea.


Right.  The EC protocol does still allow nodes to set their accepted blocksize.  It's no different than Core except that instead of a fixed constant, the user has the ability to change it.  Of course this would be a different set of consensus rules, so they would do so at their own risk.  It just gives them the option.  If users don't want to run EC then they don't need to (and shouldn't).
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:31:05
Everyone has their own risk tolerance and predictions of the future, so you should base your decisions on your own feeling of the market.  After all, it's your money not mine.
I'm not really "giving up" on btc, but I do think that divesting into a more diversified cryptocurrency portfolio would be a prudent decision for many investors.  My confidence in bitcoin specifically has decreased due to the fractured community, but I still personally think that the marketcap of all cryptocurrencies has a good probability of rising in the long term.
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:03:55
Users can always change their node consensus rules via a UASF or a hard-fork without the permission of the miners.  It has benefits and disadvantages, but it's one nuclear option that the users have.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:01:04
What would a "SegWit 50% discount" mean and why would it be a good idea?
@_date: 2017-03-30 21:46:43
I have no idea what you're talking about.  Withdrawals *were* halted on MtGox and they *were* running a fractional reserve.  I've already addressed these 2 issues in my post.
1. Halted withdrawals means it's not BTC.  It's an IOU for BTC and therefore does not represent the market for actual BTC.  These IOUs do not count toward the economic majority.
2. MtGox was "hacked" and someone stole the money.  Whoever is in control of this money is the one with a vote toward the economic majority.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say...
@_date: 2017-03-21 02:16:00
If one of the defensive hard-forks occurs, SegWit will just be activated there as part of the hard-fork consensus rules.
@_date: 2017-03-19 05:09:31
If the economic majority is on the Core side, then it would not be an issue if BU activates.  BU would have a lower subsidy than Core, so the hashrate would just proportionally shift back to Core.  Miners will mine whatever maximizes their profit.
@_date: 2017-03-11 14:53:02
But how is it determined (and who determines) who is hostile?  If this is not well defined, the BU altcoin supporters can just as easily claim that it's actually the *Core* supporters being hostile toward the original chain and therefore this defensive hard-fork is actually an altcoin too.
I don't think this is possible to define because since users own coins on all chains, it's entirely possible for a BU altcoin user to also be a Core user.
@_date: 2017-03-22 12:52:50
Thank you.  This is the first that I've seen some actual technical limitations described.  Have a big upvote!
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:24:42
You can block non SegWit transactions, but that would require a soft-fork.  If the miners won't do a soft-fork to enable SegWit, then they certainly won't do a soft-fork for this either.
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:14:51
If the economic majority doesn't accept the non-SegWit chain, then the hashrate majority should, in theory, follow proportionally due to the economic mining incentives.  So if the hashrate majority supports SegWit, then they would orphan blocks just as they would in a normal soft-fork which would result in just a single chain.
So yes, I would agree, as long as this majority *remains* the majority.  If the non-SegWit support later grew and became the majority, then the majority of miners could always stop enforcing the SegWit rules and cause a split again.  This would be similar to the risk [mentioned by Core in number 4 bullet 2](
(I assumed that by the majority of nodes, you mean the economic majority of users.  Sorry for being so pedantic.  I just wanted to clarify because the nodes can be Sybil attacked so their number really should have no impact on the marketcap or hashrate.)
@_date: 2017-03-30 19:30:17






Of course the miners won't care (much).  But if enough people refuse larger blocks, then the *economic majority* will force their hand.  The opposite is also true.  If enough people *accept* larger blocks, then they will be economically compelled to comply.
There are two forces at play that are both strongly correlated - the economic majority and the mining majority.  If they become distorted, then each side is economically compelled to change to match the other.


So what do you do if mining becomes too centralized?  If 1 person controls the majority of the hashrate, why would you not change the PoW?  *Not* changing the PoW is way too extreme and incredibly dangerous.  It would be foolish to trust your transactions to a centralized entity.


We will slowly bleed out then.  I'm willing to compromise to a solution that I'm unhappy with.  If your goal is to make everyone, including me, happy it will never happen.


I agree that being united is ideal, but I don't think an alt-coin spinoff is the worst thing.  Fortunately, the permission-less nature of cryptocurrencies makes our personal opinion about what is best (united vs divided) irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-03-29 19:26:37
A fee market can absolutely exist without a size limit.
There are two independent minimum fees that a transaction must meet in order to be mined in a block.  One is decided by the block size and the other is decided by the miner.
We all are used to the first one.  As the available block space decreases, users are competing for space and therefore the fees increase.
The second one is new that most people don't realize.  A miner can always decline to mine a transaction if it does not meet their own arbitrary minimum fee.  Miners can decide this fee based on their own costs of running equipment.  For example, if the block reward goes to 0, miners can simply say that they will not allow any transaction that is below a $0.25 fee.  Even though there is 0 marginal cost for including a transaction, this artificial scarcity will increase their fees.  This is very similar to the business models behind the music and movie industry.  Each song costs $0.99 to buy, but $0 to create.  The main difference is that the blockchain does not allow for "piracy".
The actual minimum fee is the max of each of these.  Due to the 12.5BTC subsidy, the current miner minimum fee is 0, but this will surely increase to compensate as the subsidy goes down.
The 21 million supply cap does not need to increase because the fees will not go to 0 due to the economic rationality of miners.
@_date: 2017-03-21 01:08:51
Whatever you do, do not use the computer or else the data may be overwritten.
Do **NOT** attempt recovery until you have a full backup of the drive.  You should make a *bit by bit* copy of the drive (or possibly a few backups) before attempting any type of recovery.  If you're unfamiliar with this, you should seek help.  This is important so you don't accidentally write over the data on the drive.  You should then leave the original drive alone and *only* try to recover from the backup copy.
There are many tools out there that can possibly help find the private key (photorec, testdisk, etc.) but it really depends on how the BTC were stored on the computer.  What wallet software did you use?
@_date: 2017-03-29 19:58:48
0-confs have the security of an IOU.  If an untrusted stranger comes into your store, then you probably would not accept an IOU from them.  If a regular customer comes into your store, then they may have built up some trust with you.  They can redeem this trust in the form of a small IOU.  As the trust grows, people might accept larger IOUs.
0-conf transactions just require trust in the payer since it's entirely possible for them to be double spent or perhaps dropped from the miner's mempool altogether.  If the payer has built up truest with the payee, then this might be a risk worth taking.  For example, I somehow doubt Peter Todd would require 6 confirmations from his own mother. :)
That being said, it looks like this is accepting from strangers, so yes it's very risky.
@_date: 2017-03-09 19:54:47
I actually used to think about this exact same attack, but I think this can be avoided due to the economic participants invalidating it if there is a strong enough economic incentive to do so.


A UASF could fix this.  Let H be the height of the first 1.1MB block that was created.  Let X be the 1.1MB block at height H and let Y be the 1MB block at height H.
The soft-fork could fix the problem you pointed out by creating either of the following:
* A checkpoint - All blocks at height H other than X are invalid.
* An invalidateblock - The block Y at height H is invalid.
@_date: 2017-03-09 22:35:41
That was my understanding as well.
I agree, the SegWit nodes would still reject the non-SegWit chain, even if the SegWit chain was the minority.  As a minority chain, they just wouldn't be able to orphan the non-SegWit miners.
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:49:33
You may want to add a link to the [BIP 148 spec]( unless I missed it in the OP.
As a side note, I wish I knew why August 1st was chosen. It seems unnecessarily far away since almost everyone who would update to the UASF already know about it.
@_date: 2017-03-20 12:30:42
If you spend them without splitting them, then you're giving both BTC and BTU to the recipient.  (So yes, you would lose your ability to purchase anything with BTU if you spent BTC without splitting first.)  It would be like buying an item that was on sale for 1 USD and giving the cashier both 1 USD and 1 EUR.  The recipient will happily accept it, but you will be essentially overpaying.
However, as I mentioned before, it's still unknown how the bitcoin community will decide to react to this, so it's not yet known if you will end up with both BTC and BTU or if everyone will switch to BTU or if everyone will decide not to go with BTU in the first place.
@_date: 2017-03-18 22:09:17
The safest thing is to take no immediate action.  There is no need to rush to do anything until you plan to actually send coins.
Your private key will give you access to coins on both chains.  You should avoid sending any BTC/BTU, however, until you "split" these coins apart.  This process is complicated, but there will likely be more user friendly guides posted after this occurs.  Just make sure you don't send any coins until after you "split" them or else you will be sending both BTC *and* BTU coins to the recipient.  Once you've split them, you will have access to two different coins and can use two different wallets.
This is all speculative, however, since nobody knows if Bitcoin Unlimited will end up forking or not.
@_date: 2017-03-20 12:11:21
Isn't it also true that since BU is a ["strictly expanding hard-fork"]( a soft-fork can always be used later to reduce the block size back to 1MB (or even to activate SegWit)?  Obviously the challenge would be to get miners to agree to this, but if a larger block size really is as dangerous as people claim, then miners might have an incentive to do so.  Another option would be a UASF to reduce the block size.  Since these are options, no consensus rule changes are necessarily permanent, including giving miners control of the block size.  (Note that I'm not trying to advocate for or against this.  I just wanted to point out that this is still a tool that can always be used later, even if conceding to BU.)
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:10:42
Not that my opinion means much, but I think that a hard-fork will be a good thing, however it's probably too late and irreversible damage may have been done.  There are two very polarized sides in this debate, so if a BTC/BTU currency split might actually be for the best from a socio-political point of view too.
Bitcoin has major scaling issues and hit its capacity limit a while ago.  It's a heavily politicized topic, so I'm sure you'll see lots of dramatic statements like "Bitcoin is over".  If there was a block size increase (via SegWit or a hard-fork) 1-2 years ago, I think the ecosystem would probably be far better off.  Unfortunately, both sides of this debate (including the Core devs) have been unable to compromise, leading to the situation we're in today.  If a solution does come, it will probably be rushed in a last minute emergency.
In my opinion, the *best* way forward *would* have been to create a hard-fork 1-2 years ago with replay protection and wipeout protection.  It would use something like emergent consensus to activate and would include a brand new transaction format like FlexibleTransactions that can fix all of the issues SegWit fixes except without the restrictions and technical debt from the soft-fork approach.  It would also include a block size increase.
There's a somewhat irrational fear of hard-forks despite Bitcoin having a relatively quiet one in the past.  There's also an irrational fear of block sizes greater than 1MB despite this number being arbitrarily chosen years ago without any known reason.  I blame the Core devs for pushing these fears.
There's also an irrational fear of SegWit.  It's opt-in, so activation is harmless if you don't use it.  I blame the BU supporters for pushing these fears.
Because of these fears, we've hit a stalemate for years with no progress toward a solution.
As of now, I would just be happy for any temporary solution to be agreed on.  I would be fine with BU or SegWit or both being activated today.  There are still technical issues that I have with both solutions, but they are likely not going to be fixed.


Unfortunately this subreddit has kicked out many users that have opposing views, so you might not get a very balanced picture.  This was a major contributing factor to the divide in the community since it removed an open dialog between the two groups.  There's another subreddit with biased views on the other end of the spectrum, (r btc).  They don't have mods removing posts, but the views are still just as one sided as they currently are here and arguably even more polarized views driven by anger.
Overall, I am willing to put my personal opinions aside in order to compromise to find a solution, but it must happen immediately.
@_date: 2017-03-21 08:37:11
Since the length of a chain is determined by the amount of work, not the number of blocks, we can come up with a hard-fork situation that would make it not even possible to determine which chain is longest.
If the PoW is changed, then there's no way to compare the two chains.  Chain length is a partially ordered set where we can only make a meaningful comparison between two chains using the same PoW.  Therefore the supposed claim that the longest chain is bitcoin is meaningless in the general case.
@_date: 2017-03-21 12:31:53
No, you're missing the point of having a git branch dedicated for hard-fork features.
In the many months before an emergency, new hard-fork features (like those on the [wishlist]( will be implemented and added to a git branch named "dev-hf".  This branch will undergo the same strict testing that the rest of the code undergoes except it will remain completely unused in all normal releases.  Then when an emergency event occurs, the emergency will be fixed on top of this branch and this branch will finally be released.
The time to analyze and debate the merits of these changes will have been in the many months prior to the emergency.  Nothing gets into the "dev-hf" branch without passing the analyze and debate phase.  When the emergency occurs, it will be *just as quick* to deploy the fix as it is today, except we also get many other benefits that were waiting for a hard-fork "opportunity".
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:55:32


Because in order to ensure the median value is equivalent to the winning value, the winning value must be used by at least 51%.  If a majority consensus could not be reached, then the median EB attack would still be viable (which is why I suggested to leave the blocksize unchanged if this occurs).


If by "dominant" you mean a mean that they have a majority, then yes, this would absolutely allow them kick out the minority.  However this can be done today without BU.  It's just a classic 51% attack that orphans the miners not in their cabal.  This is why Nakamoto Consensus requires the majority of miners to be honest.
@_date: 2017-03-22 21:40:36
That would be a great UX improvment!
@_date: 2017-03-26 17:24:53
I don't know how much support it has, but the Core developers seem to be convinced that it has a vast majority of user support.
I don't think this is really "rushed".  SegWit has been published for a while now and has undergone lots of review.  The UASF changes are only 4 lines long, so I think they are quite simple to review.  The code was just published, yet I already know that 2 Core devs have looked it over and a bug fix was already created.  Yes, activation by miner support might be better, but it also may never happen.  A UASF is sometimes necessary since the views of miners are not necessarily representative of the views of market participants.
@_date: 2017-03-28 15:16:55
Ah, thank you!  Somehow I completely forgot about BIP 14!  (I was curious since if a backwards incompatible hard-fork does occur, it should probably be denoted somewhere clearly in the UA.)
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:35:53
I would support this, but I would *prefer* a slight change.
If a soft-fork is combined with a hard-fork, the result is a hard-fork.  The SegWit implementation was designed as a soft-fork and as such, it made some concessions.  If it will be released in a hard-fork anyway, these concessions are unnecessary.  As a hard-fork, this would be better done through FlexibleTransactions or a similar type of proposal.
Basically, if you're going to do a hard-fork anyway, there's no reason to have the backwards compatible restrictions that a soft-fork requires.
@_date: 2017-03-12 19:39:21
Fair point.  On chain transactions would be a bad idea then.  Would a traditional signed message still work and be secure as long as the coins were sent to another address?
I assume that the security risk you're referencing is that the public key of the signing address will be exposed and therefore if secp256k1 happens to be broken after the vote, the funds will be at risk.
To mitigate this, users can first send their coins to a new address and in the process expose their original public key.  They can then vote in the election using their already exposed public key.  In the rare event that secp256k1 is broken during the voting process, the election results will be deemed invalid, but the funds will still be secure.  After a new curve is selected and the security panic subsides, the voting process can be repeated.
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:49:42
Rewarding miners that signal for SegWit will not work.  The 75% of miners that currently are not signaling will just start signaling, but it will be a *false* signal.  Once the signal reaches 95% (or even 100%), only 25% of the miners will actually start enforcing the SegWit rules while the 75% that don't want SegWit will orphan their blocks.
Signaling is a non binding method of coordination.  It's only purpose is to prevent accidental orphaning of blocks.  If an incentive is given for signaling, but not for activating, then it's actually worse since it just adds noise to the signal.
@_date: 2017-03-22 13:56:51
Ok, thanks for letting me know.  If the results will just be dismissed because it's not sybil proof, why use strawpoll in the first place?
Why not create a sybil proof PoS poll instead?  Sure, there are the risks we discussed earlier (exposing the public key), but since the poll is optional and only needs to be a representative sample, this seems like a reasonable approach to me.
To help mitigate the public key exposure fear, I would also just counter that any time a 0-conf transaction is submitted to the network, the public key is exposed anyway.  Since the bitcoin network makes no guarantees about miners accepting a transaction (censorship resistant, not censorship proof), it's possible that any time someone pushes a transaction, their public key will be exposed *indefinitely*.  Due to this required key exposure, the bitcoin network ultimately relies on the security of secp256k1.
I personally think the vast majority of people believe the socio-political blocksize debate is a far greater risk to their wealth than secp256k1 being broken.  Why not create a poll where users who have made this risk assessment for themselves can have the ability to vote?  The fact that so many addresses are still being reused shows that for many users, this is not a concern.  *For these users, participating in a PoS poll will have no additional risks since their public key is already exposed.*
Until we get a real way to measure support, both sides will just sybil attack polls.
@_date: 2017-03-30 16:48:08
As long as there's an open dialog!  That alone is good progress.
Maybe he supports both BU and SegWit.  Both solutions can co-exist, but since there's no client that supports both (yet), he would need to signal for both and just switch clients to the first winning solution after the lock-in period begins.  Then he would need to stop signaling and wait for a client that supports both before signaling for the other proposal.
When BitcoinEC become stable, he could probably just use that.
Either way, I'd just be glad if he signals for *something*.
@_date: 2017-03-18 20:51:42
No, I probably would not think that's fair, but maybe I was just misusing the definition of "altcoin".
I was only trying to argue for a specific technical deployment, not the social aspect of selecting a name.  Basically, the way I see it, all hard-forks are really just altcoins that are socially accepted as replacements of the old coin.  From an economic and technical perspective, a hard-fork creates 2 floating coins.
To be honest, this current debate about who gets the name "bitcoin" doesn't really interest me very much since it's 100% socio-political, 0% technology, and 0% economics.
@_date: 2017-03-30 17:15:19


I've supported EOL dates for a while now.  We could use a soft-fork to add this EOL date too - all blocks after block X will be unconditionally invalid.  This will force the network to safely adopt a new hard-fork in the safest possible way since it would be impossible to remain on the deprecated fork.


This will always be an issue unless Core creates a dedicated hard-fork branch in git.  Yes, it will need to be rebased and tested, but at least the code for wishlist features can be developed.
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:02:56
It sounds like either a bug in their software or they are intentionally skimming off the top.
I'm not familiar with their service, but another possibility is that the 0.0002 fee they charged was never intended to mean a "network fee", but rather just a business "service fee" similar to what an ATM would charge to help pay for operating costs.  I know that some exchanges have charged both withdrawal and deposit fees, so this seems possible to me.  If this is the case, then this is just a misunderstanding of what that 0.0002 was actually supposed to pay for that Bitmain should probably clarify to customers.
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:09:56
The lack of standard terms is very annoying and leads to these types of disagreements.
For competing coins that share a common UTXO set, I've seen the term "spinoff" used by and ["bitcoin derived altcoin"]( used by Luke.
By both of these definitions, I agree that ETC technically is the "real" Ethereum and ETH is the "spinoff".
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:57:11
No problem.


Ah, if you're new, then this can probably be pretty overwhelming.  Sorry, if I threw too much at you.
Basically, both of things are modifications to the bitcoin code that attempt to help scale bitcoin.  Currently the network can only handle 3 transactions per second and we've hit that limit.  We can increase this by using "on-chain scaling" (increasing the block size directly) or "off-chain scaling" (using a centralized, but trust-less system).
SegWit fixes some annoyances with bitcoin transactions and also increases the effective block size (on-chain scaling) from 1MB to 1.7MB.  If activated, it will likely be followed with an off-chain scaling solution called the Lightning Network which allows for a practically unlimited number of off-chain transactions per second.  This solution was proposed by the Core developers, which have been developing the bitcoin code for years with a focus on security.
BU stands for Bitcoin Unlimited and is another competing change to the protocol.  This is an on-chain solution that changes the block size from 1MB to an arbitrary size determined by the network using an "emergent consensus" approach.  Basically, when enough of the network wants to increase (or decrease) the block size, they do it.  This solution was proposed by these new BU developers, which have a focus on on-chain scaling.
rbitcoin is heavily biased toward SegWit.
rbtc is heavily biased toward BU.
There's a ton more information available that describes how they work and what exactly they do, but that's the general gist of it.  Currently there are more bitcoin miners favoring BU than SegWit.
If you get one thing out of this post, let it be this: Bitcoin is going through growing pains and it will likely be a *very* bumpy ride until this gets settled.  Welcome to Bitcoin!  ;)
@_date: 2017-03-06 02:19:29
I don't understand why people keep saying that it can be Sybil attacked, so perhaps you can clear this up for me.  I thought that it was activated *unconditionally* based on a specific block (aka flag day) and is completely independent of the node count support.  If this is the case, then what information could possibly be faked?
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:36:43


Why do people fear them?  We've had them before and everyone upgraded very quickly with practically no issues.  Certain changes might warrant avoidance, but in the general case hard-fork fear seems overblown.  (It's not like soft-forks are immune from risk.  I can always create a soft-fork that makes someone lose their funds.)


I agree.  That's why I was suggesting to put it in a public branch rather than adding them last minute.  Everyone would know well in advance that these features will be in the next hard-fork release.  They just won't know *when* that release is.  Due to the rarity of emergency hard-forks, these features will likely have much more review time than soft-forks currently get.


It's the same deal with soft-forks.  People argue over which approach is best (BIP 16 vs BIP 17) and one is eventually selected followed by remorse.  That's not specific to hard-forks and the features should go through the same strict vetting as soft-forks before being added to the hard-fork branch.


An emergency fork can not be pre-planned.  I'm talking about *deploying* pre-planned features in the same release as an emergency update.


There was a near unanimous community agreement for many of the soft-forks that Core released previously (SegWit excluded).  If the wishlist features don't receive that same level of support then they don't need to be added to the branch.  As long as nobody is objecting to a feature that fixes the warts, why not just add them?
@_date: 2017-03-21 02:31:25
Ok.  You'll need to do a bit by bit backup of the drive first (get help if needed since you don't want to mess this up).  Then you can start looking for that wallet file using the programs mentioned in this thread.  You'll need to look for the folder or the wallet file then.  I wish you the best of luck!
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:05:36


I would have hoped that too, but I certainly wouldn't expect it.  :(


What are the other parts?  I was only aware of the public key exposure issue.  I thought that the other issues (such as random K value reuse) were avoidable with proper protocols.
@_date: 2017-03-17 21:10:57
isn't replying to himself, he's posting a link that happens to be by jonny1000.  As far as I can tell, jonny1000 was the original person to discover this attack vector, so it would make sense to reference this.
A malicious miner could create a block such that half of the network considers it valid while the other half does not.  This would likely resolve itself over time, however it would still result in many orphaned blocks.
This attack vector has been solved, however, in [BIP100](  This proposal fixes the issue by creating a 2nd protocol on top of the EC protocol with the sole purpose of coordination.
The other issues/concerns that listed are still valid, however.
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:01:38
I'm not sure if I follow you.  Are you suggesting that the difficulty could be lowered such that the miners are effectively being given a higher subsidy (resulting in more temporary inflation) in order to encourage them to remain on the original chain?
If that's what you're suggesting, what's to stop the attacking chain from doing the same thing (if they had a large enough market value to provide a better subsidy)?
@_date: 2017-03-08 03:56:15
Thanks for that link.
So what happens to the coins on the remaining chain?  Does the Custodian pocket them?  If so, doesn't this just provide an incentive for the Custodian to cause this event to occur?
It seems kind of ridiculous to not just define the ETF as supporting all chains on which the private keys would hold a value.  This amendment almost makes it sound like the network requires an exclusive choice to be made when it obviously doesn't.
@_date: 2017-03-09 17:15:59
BU **can** revert to the old 1MB chain just like Core **can** revert to the old non-SegWit chain.
Both situations can occur if the blocks that include the updated rules are orphaned.
Both situations involve some miners losing their block reward.
Both situations can happen due to false signaling.
Both situations have a risk that is against miner incentives.
It seems like people on both sides seem to think that their preferred option is somehow special and immune from block orphaning.
@_date: 2017-03-30 17:57:47


I'm also skeptical.  It's very hard to read him.


The miners only have the power you give them.  Just set your node to reject blocks greater than 1MB (within BU or just by running Core) and you won't give them any additional power.


I agree that it's possible, but don't we have a similar issue today with orphans?  It's not in a miner's interest to have blocks that nobody attributes value to, so they follow the "longest" (most work) fork in the chain.  I think the BU supporters were envisioning this same incentive structure playing out.  A miner can always mine a block greater than 1MB today (Rodger Ver did!), but if it's not given any value, then it's a waste of money.
It seems to me that it might lead to more chain forks and therefore more orphans, but miners have a large disincentive to allowing these forks to occur, just as they do today.
To be honest, I think the fears against both SegWit and BU are largely overblown.  I'm not trying to advocate for EC in this post, but I think the fork risk is no different than the orphan risk today.  I think the centralized mining argument is stronger, but this can be countered with a PoW change if it gets too bad.  Mining is already centralized today, so I can't really see this getting that much worse.


I agree that combining the two ideas directly is a bit weird since SegWit was intended for 1MB blocks, but with EC, these parameters could also be changed to compensate.
Regardless, I'm not really sure what this twitter post is supposed to mean, but I just hope F2Pool signals for *something*.  I think that doing nothing is the worst option.
@_date: 2017-03-18 22:24:05


That's really all that I'm asking for.  As long as the feature undergoes the same (if not more) strict tests that soft-forks go through, then it could be a candidate for the next emergency fork.  I just hate to see otherwise supported proposals get dismissed just because they require a hard-fork.
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:07:08
Correct.  It's not a violation until a request for the source is denied.  Despite so many people being up in arms over this, I somehow doubt anyone actually even requested the source code.  The developers even publicly stated at the time of release that the source code would be given upon request.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:44:42
I've heard that the Lightning Network does not require SegWit.  Doesn't this mean it can just be used today?
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:38:08


I'm not quite sure what you mean by this.
If you mean that a hard-fork can potentially invalidate HTLC funds, then yes, I agree that it's possible, but any 0-conf transactions should never have been trusted in the first place.  Typically people only think about 0-conf transactions as those that are relayed but not mined, but ones that have never been signed or relayed should be treated the same way.  This includes all nLockTime transactions too.  Since miners have the power to censor transactions, its always been a fundamental risk.  Nakamoto Consensus was never designed to make any guarantees about the acceptance of a future transaction not in the blockchain.  It can only make probabilistic guarantees about those already mined.  (This is also my main criticism of LN.  It's a beautiful system, but ultimately it relies on a 0-conf transaction mined within a finite timeframe - something bitcoin can not guarantee.)
@_date: 2017-02-23 21:10:30
Thanks for the reply!


I meant this as a response to your concern about miners being able to make the block size smaller, not larger:




I do not know of any other trick, but as I said above, you misunderstood my quote.  I'm not trying to claim that an increase can be done with a soft fork.


Please see my counter to these in the previous post.  You're just restating "bandwidth, CPU, and storage capacity" without addressing my solutions to each of these issues.  *Why* won't the solutions that I mentioned, like compact blocks, work?  Before these optimizations were developed, I actually had the same position as you.


I agree with this.  I'm just unconvinced that BU does this.


I also agree with this.


Ok... *WHY* isn't it acceptable?  Just because a group of people are in agreement doesn't make them right.  I'm also part of the technical community.  Please feel free to counter my solutions with technical reasons.  The entire purpose of my post was to provide a solution to each of your concerns.  If I am incorrect about these, then please tell me which solution is incorrect and *why*.
I was just suggesting a way to store historical block data in a decentralized way without having each user store a complete copy.  I talk about it casually because distributed data stores are nothing new.  This is a fairly easy way to have redundant censor resistant copies of data that can still be verified in a trust-less way.


In the above post I never said this was "crazy talk".


I asked what the other risks were, but this does not say.  *What* are the "numerous avenues of attack"?  BU breaks the previous consensus rules (which all hard forks do by definition) but it doesn't break "Nakamoto consensus" at all since it still solves the Byzantine consensus problem in the same fundamental way.


Then why does it matter that they didn't follow Core's guidelines?
I appreciate the reply, but you really did not address *any* of my solutions to each of the problems you raised.  Are the solutions I mentioned inadequate to fix the bandwidth, CPU, and storage capacity problems you discussed and if so, **why** not?
@_date: 2017-03-18 23:39:00
What "concern" am I trolling?  Did you even read my post?  Clearly you just read the title and have no idea what you're replying to.
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:00:06
It might or might not.  Both BTU and BTC will have the same difficulty, but their marketcaps will differ.  The reward the miners receive would be proportional to the marketcap.  So if the two marketcaps are equal, then both coins will be equally as profitable to mine.  This means that the miners could potentially mine either coin and both could survive long enough for the difficulty to readjust.  Many people find this unlikely since even a 60/40 split in marketcap would be a big incentive to mine one over the other.
In the event that miners decide to mine at a loss (for political purposes) or if the marketcap is balanced, then splitting coins is useful.
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:20:33
I think that this is merely an issue of defining hard-fork differently.
I believe Luke has said in the past that a hard-fork, by definition, requires 100% support in the community.  What you are describing can therefore not be a "hard-fork" according to him.
Try instead asking him if he would support a "Bitcoin derived altcoin" with &lt; 100% support instead.  This would be an altcoin that shares a UTXO set with Bitcoin as of a specific block and unlike a hard-fork, it could in theory co-exist with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:03:24


I'm not disagreeing.  I was just trying to help facilitate a dialog by explaining why Luke always says ~100%.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:15:16
I've love to see this test done.
I am also unaware of any increased blocksize tests that were done after compact blocks was introduced.
From what I gather, the 2MB limit was deemed safe by the Core devs, but it was not implemented due it to requiring a hard-fork.  If there's talk of creating a hard-fork now to combat BU, then it seems a bit silly to not include a 2MB increase in it.
@_date: 2017-03-28 14:12:06
I think I can agree with that (except I'm not really sure where I stand on merged mining).
Right now the BU devs seem to have [no interest]( in creating an alt-coin.  This is despite many BU supporters clearly wanting one.  The leaked draft by Olivier Janssens is just one example.
I think if someone helped in developing this alt-coin, without necessarily *endorsing* it, we would see many BU supporters (and miners!) quickly abandon their current hard-fork strategy and happily accept a peaceful alt-coin instead.  Currently there's no outlet for this demand, which results in the fighting we see today.
From a strategic point of view, I feel that this may be one of the best options for Core.  (As crazy as it sounds, it might even be worth it for a Core dev to anonymously release this alt-coin.  Long term support is not necessary.)  Perhaps SegWit would finally reach the 95% threshold if the BU supporting miners left for this alt-coin.  The only people that would probably be unhappy with this are the BU devs and the hard-fork proponents.
In the unlikely event that they were right and this does become a true hard-fork, then so be it.  Otherwise it's just another alt-coin (and arguably less harmful since it's not a scam-coin).
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:15:45
Yea, I agree.
Can't this still be done in BU though?  It would just require BU to add another flag that miners can signal.  The EB/AD functionality could still remain unchanged.
This isn't an issue at the consensus level, however, so even if BU remained unchanged, the miners could (and probably would) just coordinated this informally over another medium.
@_date: 2017-03-09 02:07:46


I disagree.  In order for the ETF to buy up a significant portion, the price/marketcap would obviously drastically rise.  This would *increase* liquidity, so it would be a *better* tool for criminals activity.  Any criminal would now be able to buy up a $100 million worth without affecting the price.
When the marketcap was only $100, it was probably much harder to for criminals to evade taxes or launder money with it.  Do you agree?
@_date: 2017-03-22 13:25:51
Isn't Peter just reiterating what you said [in your poll](  Option number 1 sounds like what he's talking about.  This option also [received nearly half of the votes]( in your poll. I'm not saying that this *will* happen, but I don't think it's that unreasonable to believe it could if half of the voters seem to want it.
Am I misunderstanding the poll?  It seems like there are a lot more than the 2-3% that you predicted earlier.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:51:27
# BU Supporters
This is terrible!  Now new tweets aren't visible on my old Twitter app.  All old apps will just see these as tweets-to-anyone since the destination user data is removed.  They should have just created a completely new website for this rather than use this hack.  This adds so much technical debt now that all apps using the Twitter API will need to support this ugly kludge forever.  If Twitter used a new website, they could have even supported the cool new URL format.
The average amount of space used for citing a username was 98 characters, so this is only an effective 1.7x increase.  This also has a maximum character limit of 560, which allows for character spam attacks if a user creates a username with 420 characters.  Even worse, this isn't a permanent solution since it doesn't scale.
# Core Supporters
This is great!  Now all the 3rd party Twitter apps don't need to update to some new controversial format.  All new tweets are backwards compatible by just removing the usernames completely from the message.  If Twitter created a whole new website just for this, all users would need to port over their account.  If ~100% of users did not port over, then the new website would fail and become an alt-Twitter.  That would be very dangerous since users would no longer be able to communicate with each other and tweets could silently fail.  This is why it's so critical that we maintain one single platform for communication.  All of the users who want a new Twitter website are just trying to convert everyone to scam-messengers like Hangouts and WhatsApp.
/s obviously, but I feel obligated to say so to prevent getting banned.  We need to be able to laugh at ourselves.  :)
@_date: 2017-03-31 20:51:47


What the actual fuck are you talking about?  Let me simplify my point:
Review == good.
Review by Core devs == very good.


Maybe you completely misunderstood my post, but I think the UASF code was just fine.  How did saying Core devs giving a stamp of approval is a good thing somehow translate to "fearmongering"??
**Just because someone thinks review is a good idea does not mean they think the code is flawed.**


They're a team of highly skilled engineers.  I value their input, especially on their own codebase.  I never said I required it.
You're overreacting to something that was originally intended as a *compliment* to you and now you're just coming off as crazy.
@_date: 2017-03-01 23:24:31
I did not give this paper a thorough enough read yet, but it sounds like [my initial guess about how this could work]( was close.  The destination address for a transaction can be compressed if it is a reused address.  Any subsequent transaction that sends to an already known address can simply reference a previous block and transaction number.  I'm curious why Huffman coding was not used since it seems like it would be optimal.
This seems to be better for merchants or charities that accept many transactions to the same public address, but not ideal for privacy conscious recipients.
Another potential problem is the well known issues regarding [address reuse](  I'm not entirely sure yet if these issues are avoided by the proposed approach.
It seems like this is implemented as a soft-fork in a similar way to SegWit with similar risks by overloading the meaning of anyone-can-spend P2SH.  As I've said in the past, as long as there was no rollback of the blockchain in the event of an issue, I would probably be fine with Lumino and/or SegWit being activated, however I would highly caution against users changing their node consensus rules without fully understanding the consequences.
That being said, nice idea!
@_date: 2017-03-12 15:36:21


To prevent exposing their public key, users could send their coins to a new address before/after signing a message.
It could also be done without using traditional signed messages at all.  Instead, users could just encode the vote as a single boolean flag in a normal transaction, possibly after an OP_RETURN.  Are there any other security risks?


It's still voting even if it's not a majority rule.  If a hard-fork needs a 98% agreement to pass, then 98% would just be the required threshold.  Voting is only the mechanism by which users signal and is independent of the threshold to pass.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:49:34
If a PoW change is implemented as a soft-fork, why would the miners activate it?  I suppose that the small remaining hashrate would be non malicious, so they would be willing to activate it, but if 51% of the old PoW hashing power is considered malicious, they can always 51% attack it to before the soft-fork was activated.  Even a UASF won't work unless *all* nodes updated to full nodes to enforce this rule.  Of course if you need all nodes to update anyway, then you might as well coordinate a hard-fork for a cleaner PoW change.
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:49:23
I don't really have faith in one over another.  I would probably just suggest distributing wealth over all of them proportional to their marketcaps.
Right.  If the fork event occurs, then you may need to split them.  Until you actually want to spend them, you don't need to do anything though.  So basically, if you left them on your computer and forgot about them, they'd still be there (possibly the client would no longer work and require an update, however).  They would still be vulnerable to hacking, of course, so if it's a significant amount, you may want to use an offline paper wallet for safer storage.
@_date: 2017-03-19 05:33:08
Since it's a nuclear, poison pill, last line of defense, cut your nose to spite your face, type of option, what exactly is the purpose?  Revenge?  Even if you win, you destroyed your coin to get there.
Also if miners call your bluff, they will activate anyway and just forgo the mining reward from Core.  If you set off the nuke, you destroy the Core coin and also destroy their ability to mine it.  All of the economic participants will probably just migrate to BU at that point rather than lose their investment.
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:32:03
Is this just due to transaction malleability?  I can't simply monitor the network for a specific txid but instead I'd need to check if the UTXO was spent?  If that's the case, that's a bit more inconvenient, but still very doable.
Edit: forgot to english
@_date: 2017-03-29 19:48:02
PoS voting can be used, but simply observing the market price is easier.
If the original BTC chain and the new UASF chain are traded against each other in a market, then the one with the highest marketcap is what the "economic majority" supports.  Rational miners will flock to the chain with the highest monetary reward.  This would act as a catalyst for the soft-fork activation.  If it only had support from the economic minority, then it could fail due to the risks of being attacked.
tl;dr - The economic majority supports whichever fork has the highest marketcap.
@_date: 2017-03-22 23:28:22
The hash power split does not matter.  Only the difficulty and the price per coin matter.  The miners will change to the highest valued chain (if they act rationally).  The only thing that will determine this is the value of 12.5 BTC vs 12.5 BTU.
Of course if the blocks are produced every 40 minutes, this will likely decrease the value of the BTC chain, however that's not necessarily true.  ("Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.")
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:32:36


It should be noted that this is true if just a *single* miner *ever* does it.  Even just 1 transaction stealing 1 satoshi would cause this fork and result in 2 floating currencies if the majority of miners did not orphan non-SW blocks.
The difference with p2sh is that the majority of miners orphaned blocks that did not follow the soft-fork rules.  A UASF does not require the majority of miners to do this.
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:51:10
Maybe I misunderstand what you're saying, but are you implying that the only way to get rid of spam is to weaken the privacy of bitcoin?  I don't see how else one could combat spam without knowing who owns the addresses and/or their intent when creating the transaction.
@_date: 2017-03-28 13:07:04
If a hard-fork fails and results in an alt-coin, is this a bad thing?  If so, why?
Due to the permission-less nature of cryptocurrencies, anyone can always create an alt-coin anyway, even without the intention of causing a hard-fork.  If this is somehow a danger to bitcoin, then bitcoin does not sound very safe in general.
@_date: 2017-01-30 13:17:47


It's common knowledge that nodes can easily be "faked" or manipulated, which is why this information is taken with an enormous grain of salt at best.  Adding additional nodes has no more of a cost than adding additional seeders to a torrent.
100 companies is a great start, but the anonymous nature of Bitcoin means that we will never know how many individual people or companies actually support it.  The best metric we have to determine the support for a specific fork by those that are invested in it would be the market.  For reasons I'm not entirely clear about, there seems to be a strong stigma against having a hardfork to create 2 competing currencies and simply allowing the market value to determine which succeeds and which fails.  The only reason to have a single true "winner" would be to earn the title of "Bitcoin".  This is simply semantics that I do not personally have a political interest in, but I do understand that this arbitrary label is important to many other people.  For me, however, I tend to believe that [a blockchain by any other name would smell as sweet](


It *was* a completely contrived scenario because it was used as a hypothetical example (and stated this was an example in the first sentence).  The quantities were exaggerated in order to make the point easier to understand.  It was never my intention to suggest that there was actually only 1 single user supporting SegWit.  This was merely a thought experiment with the intent to make the reader think critically: If a problem clearly exists with just 1 user, would it also exist with 2?  With 10?  100?  The reader is implicitly being asked to meditate on the following question: *At what point does this support level become high enough to solve the issue and is measuring such a quantity even possible in an anonymous decentralized system?*
@_date: 2017-01-30 15:44:33
The 95% threshold is just for miners, not wallets or full nodes.  When I said "If most users do not update", I was referring to user wallets that are allowed to optionally update.
Is miner support really a good approximation for the rest of the ecosystem when they have a different incentive structure?  This especially seems unlikely when mining is so centralized.
@_date: 2017-03-21 19:25:52
Off-chain transactions are being done right now.  When you send money on Coinbase to a friend, when you trade in an exchange, etc.  There will always be a need for on-chain transactions.  The off-chain transactions that everyone talks about as a scaling solution are just like the above except they lower the counter-party risk.
@_date: 2017-01-30 08:05:16


I thought about this a little bit more and realized that I would actually be fine with replay protection as a softfork, however I think there is another more important issue.  If the block hash needs to be in the transaction, won't that be a very large amount of data?  Removing the leading 0's helps a little bit, but this will still be very large.  The approach that I suggested would not have this problem, however your approach is much more general and can potentially have other useful applications.  I assume that NOP5 would not be used for normal daily transactions, so it would only be a short term increase in block space usage.  If this the case, it sounds great to me.


Maybe this example will better explain my thought process.  Imagine that I am the only user who decided to update my wallet to a SegWit wallet after SegWit was activated on the network.  Unlikely, I know, but hear me out.  The other 1 million bitcoin users, for whatever reason, are protesting against SegWit and refuse to use it.  This is their right, of course, since they are not required to upgrade to a softfork.  I decide to send 100 BTC to a SegWit address that I fully control to test out the new features.  Soon after I create this tx, the miners decide to signal again to remove SegWit.  This is because they must side with the protesters to avoid a hardfork away from SHA256, there was a bug in SegWit, or any other reason.
From my perspective, this is a hardfork since the consensus rules of my wallet differ from the consensus rules that those miners are using.  I agree with you about this.  *The problem is that since nobody is using my fork, it is worthless.*  I can shout "This is the true bitcoin fork you fools!" all I want, but nobody will care.  The network has forked away from me.  I took on risk by using SegWit.  Had I been a bystander instead, there would have been no risk.  If everyone upgraded their wallets to SegWit, then this would not be an issue, but this desired 100% conversion can only be enforced via a hardfork.  Therefore, the only way to truly be safe is by a hardfork.
@_date: 2017-01-30 15:35:15
I still firmly maintain that node counts are not an accurate measure of support.  Increasing the number of nodes has essentially a negligible or 0 [marginal cost]( so it is entirely possible to manipulate this measure of public support indefinitely with negligible cost.  The Classic node count spike was done by a single person who did not realize this 0 marginal cost.  Had they been clever, they would have hosted a single instance with a large number of proxies pointing to it.  Each proxy has almost no additional cost and can therefore be hosted practically forever.  For this reason, it is my opinion that the stability of this metric is not sufficient to judge public support since it's entirely possible (and even probable based on the Classic node anecdote) that it is currently being manipulated and may have been for an unknown amount of time.


It may be unlikely, but it is still a risk to be taken into account.  Each user has their own internal risk threshold.  As a non mining entity, I do not have the power to prevent a softfork, but I do have the power to not change my wallet consensus rules.  I simply am saying that my own personal risk assessment would make updating my wallet too risky.  If this was done via a hardfork, then my risk would be 0, assuming proper replay attack protection was implemented.


I disagree with his opinion on controversial hard forks.  The reason why they should not be done is if it requires forcing someone else to use your new fork.  As long as there is replay protection, hard forks are explicitly opt-in.  If someone does not like the fork, they can simply not use it.  Their own fork will remain perfectly valid.  My libertarian ideals perhaps bias me here, but this situation appears to be ideal to me.
Pieter Wuille claims that users will be one of two results:
1. Users will have the ability to use both forks (similar to how ETH/ETC turned out)
2. Or users will be forced to use one fork against their will (similar to how all past Bitcoin hardforks turned out).
I claim that option 2 can never happen.  If you want to use the older Bitcoin forks that everyone abandoned, nobody is stopping you.  You won't have much of a market, but you can't force others to use this fork to trade with you.
He claims that option 1 would be "effectively failing Bitcoin's primary
purpose".  I disagree.  If the primary purpose that failed here was to have 1 single currency, then the mere existence of altcoins made this purpose fail before a fork even occurred.  A forked Bitcoin (which can be interpreted as one more altcoin) is hardly a failure.  I would argue that the lack of one when there is a demand is actually a market failure.
@_date: 2017-01-30 06:29:55


I have not, but thanks for the link!  If I understand this BIP correctly, you are proposing to change OP_NOP5 via a softfork to mark the transaction as invalid in certain circumstances.  This opcode takes 2 parameters:
1. A block height (either relative or absolute)
2. A block hash
This can be used to ensure that a transaction will only be valid if mined in at a specific block height.  This would allow the user to guarantee that the transaction is on the correct chain.
Is this interpretation correct?  This approach seems good to me except that I would want a new opcode.  If a hardfork was being done anyway, I see no reason why this would need to redefine a NOP.
1. There are only a limited number of NOPs available and it seems wasteful to use these during a hardfork.  From what I understand, adding this opcode during a hardfork can be done with either a NOP or a brand new opcode while adding it during a softfork can only be done with a NOP.
2. I would be afraid to trust this since a softfork can be "deactivated".  By this I mean that after the majority of miners signal and enforce this softfork, they can vote again to revert this softfork.  Any users that updated their wallets would reject these blocks as invalid while any users that did not update would accept them as valid.  If most users do not update before this deactivation event occurs, then most users will happily accept a replayed transaction.


See  above.  The same situation applies here.  The key problem is that any softfork that requires a user to change their wallet's consensus rules, such as SegWit or the above replay attack BIP, is risky for the user.  A softfork that does not require a user to change their wallet's consensus rules, such as a block size decrease, is not risky for the user.


I agree.  I was merely suggesting that Core can declare what is essentially a recurring (potential) EOL date for hardforks in order to prepare the community well in advance.  They would of course be non binding, but it would at least remove the excuse that someone was unaware of a hardfork.  This might be a nice policy to have, but it's not a deal breaker for a hardfork for me.
@_date: 2017-01-30 16:12:06


Sorry, that should have said "Ethereum hardforks", not "Bitcoin hardforks".


This is just semantics.  An altcoin has a custom set of consensus rules and a custom genesis block.  In the end, what's the difference between a hardfork and an altcoin that selected a Bitcoin block as its genesis block?


You misunderstand my argument.  I'm not opposed to changing my wallet consensus rules in general.  I'm only opposed to changing them when I believe they add a financial risk.  Just because someone is willing to accept one set of consensus rules does not imply they are willing to accept all possible rules.


@_date: 2017-01-30 04:36:10
First of all, thank you for asking the community about this!
I am in favor of 2017 Summer.  (I assume you mean in the US.  It probably would have been less ambiguous to just give a month or quarter.)
Things I would absolutely require in a hardfork:
* **Proper replay attack protection for transactions.**  A new opcode should be used to signify a hardfork version.  I believe that this must be a *new* opcode and not just a redefinition of an existing NOP in order to make the transaction valid in the new fork but invalid in the old fork.  If a NOP is redefined via a backwards compatible softfork, this would not work since a deactivation attack could break the replay protection.  (I'm open to other alternatives, but only if this valid/invalid condition is met and it is not possible to deactivate.)  Each hardfork in the future will be given a version number.  Any transaction with a version greater than the fork version will be invalid.  A transaction without this new opcode will still be valid in order to maintain backwards compatibility.  This will easily prevent replay attacks in a simple and elegant opt-in fashion.  However, users should be informed that since it's opt-in, older transactions, including lock_time transactions, will be valid but lack replay protection. (As a side note, lock_time should probably be deprecated soon since they're technically 0-conf transactions that should never have been relied on in the first place.)
Things I would strongly want in a hardfork:
* **All of the great benefits of SegWit!**  I have previously spoken out against SegWit as a softfork due to the indefinite looming risk of a softfork deactivation, however I DO really want the features!  Both sides of the debate tend to agree that the benefits are really good, but they disagree about the approach.  Separating the signature data, malleability fixes, Schnorr signatures, linear scaling of sighash, etc. are all amazing things!!  Allow me to say this again: These are GREAT!  (Also if this is implemented via a hardfork, we can now treat the cost of the tx data and witness data equally without any discount.  With a single resource to optimize, miners would be able to easily find the optimal solution to this knapsack problem.)
What I would want as a Core policy change to be announced prior to the hardfork:
* **A public schedule to plan in advance all future non-emergency hardforks.**  This will avoid the what-if-someone-is-not-ready issue.  The issue with hardforks is that it is unknown if everyone is prepared or not.  Since a hardfork is effectively an opt-in synchronization barrier, it is the perfect opportunity to inform users of the subsequent hardfork.  We should avoid going through this song and dance every time a hardfork is wanted by the vast majority of the community.  If there was ever a non controversial hardfork in the future, we certainly would not want to wait 7 years just to make sure everyone is informed and ready.  We can be sure that users are informed of the *next* hardfork since everyone was given notice in advance when they opt-in to *this* one.  The Summer 2017 hardfork should be the last unscheduled non-emergency hardfork.  If the hardfork event is scheduled for once per year, then all softforks created up until that time will be "checkpointed" in the next hardfork.  Anyone on the hardfork will be guaranteed to support all of the consensus rules of the prior softforks.  They will not be guaranteed to support any of the consensus rules of the subsequent softforks, however they can of course optionally choose to do so.  (Softforks here can be thought of as optional patches and hardforks as a giant service packs.)
Edit: Spelling
@_date: 2016-12-05 02:55:03
I don't really have an issue with this being posted here.  I was just a bit annoyed since the OP never bothered to even say why it's relevant to bitcoin, and clearly some people clearly did not see the connection.  You and I may understand it, but there's obviously some that are not aware of the technical relevance.
Many people don't realize the true significance of this.  They think it does not matter since they always sign transactions offline anyway.  They fail to realize that in theory a malicious actor with full access to your hardware can steal keys, and save them persistently, and retransmit them over wifi, all while you're using a live cd.
@_date: 2017-01-30 16:48:12


An altcoin can do that too if it specifically crafted in the way I mentioned.  A hardfork is just a special case of an altcoin.  Luke-Jr had previously referred to hardforks as altcoins, but I never really understood why until recently.


If you lag behind adoption (in other words not update your wallet?), then yes, I agree.  You have no risk.  I only claimed there was risk when you DO update your wallet to SegWit.


By "successful" do you mean that 100% of users move to the new fork and abandon the old fork?  As I said before, I am NOT opposed to using a new fork if I agree to the rules and perceive it as low risk.  This is what I would prefer!  In the event of a successful hardfork with agreeable rules, I would just switch to that hardfork and abandon the old one just like everyone else.
@_date: 2016-12-05 05:24:31
Thanks, that was very informative!
The OpenPOWER Foundation seems to be making progress very quickly.  They've been getting a lot of major companies to join, which could be very good news for the future.
@_date: 2016-12-05 03:22:23


Just to clarify some ambiguity, the network device just needs to be physically connected, not actually connected to the internet.  ME even has the capability to remotely connect on its own.  (I think this is what you meant, but I just wanted to clarify since the word "connected" has two meanings in this context.)
Also, to add to what you said, the even scarier part is that this has full access to persistent on-board storage too.  So even if you go to the middle of nowhere without wifi and use your LiveUSB, it can still retransmit it anytime later when you return.
@_date: 2016-12-04 21:07:23


I agree that you should assume internet connected devices can be hacked.  The problem is that ME is both closed source and has the highest permission level on your system.  This inherently makes the device insecure the moment you turn it on.


I don't think people should downvote you, but they're probably doing so because this is not the measure of how critical a security vulnerability is.  Just because there's no exploit in the wild today does not mean there will never be one.
This ME attack vector is no more substantiated than any other closed source proprietary code.  The reason why people are more upset about this one is simply that there's no convenient open source alternative.
@_date: 2016-12-28 18:24:07
Each successive sale would be for fewer and fewer BTC.  If the infinite summation is a convergent series, then you would owe one single sum in taxes.  If the series diverges, then the IRS now owns everything.  I think you may have discovered **Zeno's Tax Return**!
Edit: Ok, let's actually solve this for the fun of it.  We take the sum of each successive amount owed in taxes.  Let's assume $100 starting amount and a 30% tax rate.
0.3\*100 + 0.3\*(0.3\*100) + 0.3\*(0.3\*(0.3\*100)) + ...
We get a sum from n=1 to infinity of 100 * 0.3^n.
[Which is about $42.86](
Of course this can be generalized for any tax rate R and starting amount A.  This is an infinite geometric series that converges to:
@_date: 2016-12-05 03:51:48
I hear a lot about POWER8 and the (coming soon) RISC-V chips, but the raw performance in this Talos machine seems unbelievable.  Is RISC-V expected to have this type of performance?
Is this POWER8 CPU fully open in terms of both firmware *and* hardware?  By this I mean could I reproduce this without any reverse engineering at all, if I had the budget for fabrication?
This would mean 0 possible hidden backdoors in hardware, firmware, software, microcode, etc.  In theory we'd still need to worry about all the other components like [hard drives]( and video cards, but an open CPU would be a *huge* victory.
@_date: 2016-12-04 21:19:40
It's not moot, it's just 2 huge security problems.  I don't think anyone who thinks ME is bad will think the state of cell phone baseband hardware is any better.  Security on both major platforms is a huge mess that can't be trusted sadly.
@_date: 2016-12-04 21:54:25
I actually thought this was posted in To be honest, I have no idea what this is doing in this subreddit since there's not even a mention of "bitcoin" in the OP.
That being said, in regard to bitcoin, yes I completely agree that you should deal with offline devices only for anything that holds a private key.  A true "air gap" is the safest way to go.
@_date: 2017-04-20 22:48:17
Miner profits are reinvested.  This means a miner's market share will snowball **very** quickly.  A miner can go from 0.01% to 50% incredibly fast.  If ASICBOOST is not blocked very soon (within a month or two), I would be shocked if a single miner does not end up owning over 50%.  The fact that there are people actually defending the exclusive use of covert ASICBOOST shows me that the community is not educated on the severity of this issue.
@_date: 2017-04-10 18:28:01
Would you be willing to extend this into a more generalized patch that can work with *any* arbitrary soft-fork instead of being SegWit specific?  (A UASF effectively just adds a new BIP9 state transition from STARTED to ACTIVATED, but there's nothing that needs to be SegWit specific for this.)
For example, a new RPC command could be created that would allow users to force the activation of a soft-fork, regardless of miner signaling.  Modeling this after BIP148, the command should take 2 parameters: the BIP9 bit (1 in the case of SegWit) and an activation time (1501545600 in the case of BIP148).  If a user runs the command with these two parameters, then it would have the same effect as BIP148.
This generalized UASF procedure could be used for SegWit as well as any future BIP9 soft-fork.  I think this will likely have a much better chance of being merged into Core than the code you have been working on, since the user would need to explicitly state that they want to run the UASF and take on the risks.  Since safety is the number one concern for Core, any code that is risky should require manual activation.
Thanks for the great work!
Edit: I asked about this on Slack already yesterday, but I just wanted to publicly post it here too for the reddit users.
@_date: 2017-04-03 12:52:36
If you believe that the marketcap for BTU will be lower than BTC, then yes.
@_date: 2017-04-13 10:20:55
If SegWit activates on LTC, I wonder if he will be in favor of SegWit on BTC in order to make the codebases similar.
@_date: 2017-04-03 02:22:15
I'm not worried.  If a majority (or minority) of miners stop mining BTC and instead mine "BTU", then the hashrate of BTC might temporarily drop drastically, but it will be resolved quickly.
BTC and BTU would have an identical mining difficulty.  This means that both chains will give miners an equal number of coins per hash.  For example, a miner with 10% of the total SHA256 hashrate will get 1.25 BTC every 10 minutes or 1.25 BTU every 10 minutes.  Since both chains yield the same number of coins, the value per coin will dictate which chain has the highest profit.  If miners are greedy and rational, they will mine the highest profit coin.  This means that they will mine the coin with the highest marketcap.  In other words, *the investors will dictate which coin the miners will follow*.  If BTU starts with a 75% hashrate, but a marketcap that's lower than BTC, then the miners will start mining BTU, but migrate back to BTC.  If they do not, then they will not be using their resources to the maximum economic efficiency.  In all likelihood they will actually be mining at a loss, which is not sustainable.
Basically, there will be a standoff.  Miners will create blocks slower.  Investors will make the miners lose money.  A standoff will occur and will probably be resolved very quickly.  I'm guessing that the investors would win since it's a lot easier to withstand slow blocks than to spend electricity at a loss.  Investors also have the option of selling both BTC and BTU but the mining equipment is not nearly as liquid.
@_date: 2017-04-08 16:49:25
If the UASF is predicted to be successful, then the chain split will very quickly be resolved.
If the UASF is predicted to be unsuccessful, then the chain split will not quickly be resolved.
Thanks to the futures market, the probability of one of these events occurring should increase as the flag day approaches.  If it becomes very likely that the UASF will be successful, then the exchange can also just postpone the ORIG/UASF token withdrawals so they don't need to do any messy splitting.  I think this will occur in all likelihood, but I just wanted to cover all possible scenarios in the OP.
@_date: 2017-04-29 11:40:24
Upvoted as hard as I can.
I completely agree with you.  I just wanted to restate/give more emphasis your point.  This is by far the most important consequence of a patented optimization and completely dwarfs all other criticism of ASICBOOST.
Sadly, I don't think enough people realize the end-game scenario that would entail and also how incredibly fast it will occur.  If they did, we wouldn't see so many people in rbtc saying "it's just another optimization, what's the big deal?".
@_date: 2017-04-09 15:00:58
This [UASF client]( implements BIP148.  I'm just suggesting to implement that inside of the official Core client.
It sounds like you are saying that a chain split can occur if `forceactive` is implemented.  This is true, however it's no different than the chain split that would occur if users ran that UASF client.  BIP148 is *unconditionally* activated by the node operator, independent of the miners, so it inherently does not (and can not) avoid a chain split.
@_date: 2017-04-01 13:25:49
I suppose you're right, but if SegWit does activate, I somehow doubt BU will change their code.  I guess only time will tell.
@_date: 2017-04-04 18:12:59
UTXO bloat can occur today without an extension block too.  Without some type of fee/rebate system, the UTXO set can grow regardless of the block size.
1. SegWit and extension blocks both seem pretty similar to me.  SegWit might seem better to you, but the issue is not technological, it's political.  The superiority of a technology is irrelevant when it can't be used.
2. I don't consider new proposals to be muddying the water.  Most of these proposals are completely compatible with each other too, so there's no reason they can't all be implemented in some form or another.
3. Again, see number 1.
You can't get both a perfect solution and a solution that enough people will agree to.  Something that's "good enough" really is good enough.
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:33:45
or MASTs
@_date: 2017-04-04 16:51:32
Ok, nobody is going to say it?  He probably is interested in it because it's the same symbol as the [Thai baht](  I hate to be "that guy", but sadly I don't really think this is anything more than a funny picture.
Edit: Nevermind, I'm completely wrong!  [This is clearly not just due to the symbol.](  Thank you for making a fool out of me.
@_date: 2017-04-01 12:52:29


I realize that.  I was trying to point out that replay protection could mean that even if SegWit transactions don't require a private key, they are still invalid on the other chain.  If BU used a new transaction format and the old transaction format was invalid, then the private key protection would not matter.
@_date: 2017-04-12 10:48:02
Ironically, his post just before this one says ["It's a good thing Core and it's supporters are always reasonable and **never call anyone names** or rave about conspiracy theories."](
(emphasis mine)
@_date: 2017-04-16 01:39:19
Good summary and it seems like a good idea overall.
For future UASFs, I like this type of modification to BIP9.  It's more elegant than BIP148 and is a generalized all-purpose UASF.
@_date: 2017-04-09 14:33:48
I should add that this can be added to Core in 2 phases.  In the first phase, an optional flag can be added as described above.  If there is wide support, then a second phase could make the UASF mandatory in all subsequent releases.  I think this second phase is similar to what was describing when he [said he would make a pull request](  I am just advocating for first making this an option regardless of community support.
@_date: 2017-04-04 11:19:56


Both SegWit and extension blocks use anyone-can-spend transactions and any off-chain transaction, like the Lightning Network, does not maintain UTXO compatibility, so I don't see why the risk analysis argument does not apply equally to both.


I didn't quote that paragraph because I agreed with it.  That paragraph only says why SegWit is safe, but does not say how extension blocks differ:


Extension blocks also only hide the information necessary to enforce the soft-fork's rules.  This is not significantly different than SegWit.


Extension blocks are no less "UTXO compatible" than SW+LN.  If that soft-fork does not increase the 21M cap, then why would an extension block?
@_date: 2017-04-04 14:25:16


Right.  So it's like an off-chain transaction in that sense.  You won't see a LN transaction either because it's also outside of the 1MB block.  In both systems an unaware node will only see where the coins "exited" and "reentered" the 1MB chain.
@_date: 2017-04-19 13:08:13
Thanks to difficulty adjustments, Bitcoin is resilient to newly discovered collision attacks.  The only requirement to maintain the same level of security is that *all* miners are able to use the attack.
If a new attack is discovered that allows all miners to freely and immediately double their hashrate, then the security remains constant.  It's neither good nor bad.  ASICBOOST is bad, because it puts a legal restriction on some miners and thus increases centralization.  Just reducing the search space alone isn't enough to be bad for the network.  If all miners could use it then it would have no net impact on security.
@_date: 2017-04-09 21:43:53
I think that we both agree that the focus of Core is on safety and since a UASF can result in a chain split, the developers consider it unsafe.  They can't prevent users from running a client that enforces BIP148, but since they view it as unsafe, they don't endorse running one.
I'm not requesting that the developers "put this in the Core client directly" (for the reasons you clearly stated).  I'm requesting that they just add an *optional RPC command* that can be used to manually enforce the consensus rules of any implemented BIP9 soft-fork prior to activation.
This would, of course, cause a chain split, but so do other RPC commands.  Since this won't be enforced by default and would require users to run it manually, I think it would be neither reckless nor irresponsible to add this.  It would have the *same* risks as the already implemented `invalidateblock` command, for example.  Both of these commands are just tools that change the consensus rules, can cause a chain split, and their *usage* is not endorsed by Core.
@_date: 2017-04-13 17:04:43
If 95% of the miners falsely signal (signaling without intention to enforce) for SegWit, this will be identical to a UASF.  All of the nodes will begin to enforce the SegWit rules even though the false signaling miners do not.
I wonder if the miners realize that if the 95% threshold was lowered to 0%, this is also identical to a UASF.  The developers set this number.  The developers are the ones who decided that the miners had this power in the first place.
@_date: 2017-04-09 22:22:59
Both [38fDdi6VRdLBj78iFgJTSgautnPqkyYZd2]( and [17yCiAc3sj1odwSH8ads24DykG789xDWJy]( share the same Hash160.
I don't know why they suddenly have this bug, but it's almost certainly related to this.
@_date: 2017-04-13 11:51:51
This is my "Proof of Authenticity".  Thank you.
@_date: 2017-04-01 13:16:54


Remember that that's just required bandwidth.  Pruned nodes will drop these after verification.  We don't need everyone running archive nodes - we just need enough to never lose the full blockchain.  The archived nodes can also retain a subset of the blockchain and serve it like bittorrent peers rather than retaining the entire thing and serving it like bittorrent seeder.
The bandwidth is also being used regardless if the transaction is mined in a block or not since the transactions are still relayed.


The UTXO set can be spammed even with high fees.  What's to stop someone from paying a large fee and permanently increasing the UTXO set?  Your argument is that the UTXO set is an externalized cost, yet the fee is not mandatory.  If you're really concerned about the UTXO set, wouldn't it be better to have a mandatory minimum fee per additional UTXO created (and possibly a rebate for UTXOs destroyed)?
@_date: 2017-04-06 21:28:17
In case you missed it, [he couldn't make it any clearer](
@_date: 2017-04-06 11:57:14


That doesn't fix the problem though.  Now that the root cause has been brought to light, it's much easier to fix.


I was making an (unclear) analogy to nuclear weapons.  Miners are like countries and this exploit is like a nuclear weapon.
Countries (miners) that use this weapon (exploit) have an advantage over those that do not.  If everyone used it, then it would have no advantage.  There are currently international laws (patents) prohibiting the free use of this weapon.  The countries that use this weapon won't want to give it up because they would be giving up their advantage.  Instead, I was suggesting to first allow *all* countries to use this weapon to remove the advantage.  Then, propose a disarmament treaty (soft-fork) to remove it's usage from everyone completely.  The idea is that it's much easier to convince miners to ban the usage of this exploit once the advantage is removed.
The BIP Greg proposed just prevents *secret* nukes by requiring public inspections.  This is a good first step, but until either all countries have the weapon or all countries do not, we risk superpowers (centralization).
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:49:19
Would it be unreasonable to suggest that miners have recently discovered that they can have a significant impact on the price?  I would imagine that they could actually profit much more by trading on what is effectively insider information than by just mining.
Perhaps a UASF should be automatically bundled with every soft-fork from now on as part of the standard roll out procedure.
@_date: 2017-04-13 15:53:53
If a group of miners (group A) are rewarded more than the rest (group B), then they are effectively being given a larger share of the hashrate.  Giving group A more money means they will invest it into more mining equipment at a faster rate than group B.  This means that the total network share of group A will go up and that of group B will go down.
If it's temporary, then it means that the network share boost they receive will be capped.  ASICBOOST does the same thing and is dangerous for the same reason.  Any edge one miner has over another, given enough time, will eventually compound and they will approach 100% of the network share.
This also sets a precedent that would encourage bad behavior since it means a group gets rewarded.  That being said, until ASICBOOST is blocked, the incentives are tilted in the opposite direction, so one could also see this as reparations.
If you really want to do this, I think setting up a private fund is better than doing it at the consensus level.
@_date: 2017-04-06 00:53:22
Sunlight??  This is a damn supernova.
It all makes sense now... the empty blocks, the strong opinions against SegWit, etc.
Hopefully this is a huge eye opener for the other mining pools that were waiting on the sidelines.
@_date: 2017-04-09 15:13:24


That's why it's an *optional* flag.  If it's a bad idea to allow users to manually reject blocks, then we should also get rid of the `invalidateblock` command and ban the use of [the BIP148 patch](  Both of these things are also optional client side commands and users can of course run them without community support.  There is no slippery slope here.


Why can the UASF code not be included in Core?  The devs can include it without advocating for it.  I see no reason why a separate binary must be created instead of using an optional flag.  If a new binary was created for every client side option, we'd have a million binaries.
The UASF community can evangelize by saying "enable this option in your Core client".  Without this manual intervention, the Core client would run exactly as it does today.
@_date: 2017-04-08 16:56:17


@_date: 2017-04-03 21:00:13
No, that wasn't their plan.  Their plan was to have the majority hashrate move to BU which would make the block creation time for BTC take much longer.  Since it takes much longer and there is a *risk* of a 51% attack, they (incorrectly) assumed that the economic majority would attribute more value to BU as a reaction.
The BU devs never planned to do a 51% attack.  They believed that when when they finally forked and created the chain, they wouldn't even need to attack.
@_date: 2017-04-03 21:57:41
I thought the 51% attack mentioned by Gavin was just a theoretical attack where he was just explaining the risks of trusting a minority chain.  Where did they say they actually were *encouraging* it?
I see no reason why letting miners (or users) know they're on a minority chain is a bad thing.  Isn't this just some information displayed in the client?


Yes, *this* was a threat of an attack, (and it's malicious!) but it wasn't the BU devs making the threat.


Not adding replay protection is bad, I agree, but their reason was that the minority chain wouldn't survive due to long block times.  With a 25% minority hashrate, blocks would take 40 minutes.  They were (incorrectly) assuming that the chain would die on its own due to lower throughput ruining the utility, *not* a malicious double spending 51% attack.
@_date: 2017-04-04 14:19:41
From the OP I inferred that "UTXO compatibility" meant that a non-updated node would still see all UTXOs, except not necessarily with the signatures.  I could be completely wrong about my interpretation, however, so hopefully you or the OP can correct me.
I agree with your understanding of LN.  We are just using 2 different interpretations of the vaguely defined term "UTXO compatibility" and I admit that mine is probably the wrong one.
@_date: 2017-04-13 13:49:24
This would cause mining centralization.  Centralization, even if SegWit friendly, is still dangerous.
@_date: 2017-04-19 20:18:37
This same slide also explains why it's silly for BU to activate at a 75% hashrate.  The initial hashrate is irrelevant for both a hard-fork (like BU) and a UASF (like BIP148) since rational miners will migrate to the most profitable chain (that shares the same PoW).
@_date: 2017-04-03 22:57:32
If the miners don't think this as a fair market, then they won't base their decisions on it though.
It seems like Jihan Wu [believes that this is biased against BU]( and is [waiting for a more fair futures contract](
Ideally, I would set it up as follows:
Investors would deposit a pre-fork BTC coin and be credited with 1 BCC token and 1 BTU token.  They could then freely trade those tokens against each other.  Once the actual forking event occurs, withdrawals would be withheld until the exchange can properly split the coins.  Once they are split, users could withdraw their coins on either chain.  If the BCC chain overtakes the BTU chain, then the BTU coins that users withdrew would disappear since the block containing the withdrawal is orphaned.  The BCC coins should follow *only* a 1MB chain.  The BTU coin should *only* follow a &gt;1MB chain.
I think the issue with [the Bitfinex contract]( is number 3:


If Core updates their client to join the BTU chain (and abandon the 1MB chain), then both BCC and BTU holders will receive the same BTU coins.  If this contract were fair, it would dictate it is based on the Bitcoin Core release *as of today*.
I kinda have to agree with Jihan here.  I personally don't think BU will have an economic majority, but there's not currently a fair contract that shows this.
@_date: 2017-04-04 09:50:40
The fears in this post are **identical** to the fears people had about SegWit and the Lightning Network.  They were unfounded then and they are unfounded now.  You can't have it both ways.  Either SegWit and LN is unsafe for these *same reasons*, or extension blocks are as safe as SegWit.
Let's break down each argument:


This is the *same fear* people had about SegWit being called opt-in.  Users who did not run a SegWit full node would be unable to verify the majority of transactions.  (In order to reach that 1.7MB number, the majority would need to use SegWit.)


This is the *same fear* people had about the Lightning Network.  Bitcoin is and always was pseudonymous.  You were never able to walk back transaction history to assess risk.  Any off chain transaction that occurred during this history would have also been unaccessible for assessing risk.  All you could ever do was count confirmations and hope for the best.


There's no way to increase the 21M cap with this since every coin sent from an extension block to the 1MB chain must have originated from the original 1MB chain.  A node not enforcing extension blocks will still enforce this.  The only power the miners have is to decide which UTXOs to use.  Off-chain Lightning Network transactions don't increase this limit either for the exact same reason.


That's the nature of *all* soft-forks.  I have no say in what the hashrate majority decides to do, nor should I.  As long as the miners abide by the rules of my node, they can do whatever else they want and I am not forced to do anything.  The precedent that the miners can soft-fork was started long ago.  For all we know, the miners are already enforcing some soft-fork that we just have been chalking up to coincidence.
@_date: 2017-04-12 11:19:57
Right now, miners don't know what the economic majority wants.  There's uncertainty everywhere and there's no fair futures contract with high enough liquidity to base their multi-million dollar business on.
The sooner they split the chain, the sooner that price discovery can happen.  It will only be when they try to sell their &gt;1MB chain that they will know for sure whether or not they are operating at a profit or a loss.  Once this realization is made, they will quickly start mining the most profitable chain (just as scrypt miners do).
Ideally we would have a futures contract for this, but without one, we will need to take a "pass it to see what's in it" approach.  The faster we "see what's in it", the faster we can move on and resolve this debate.
@_date: 2017-04-06 02:06:57
First of all, amazing work!  Thank you for bringing this bombshell to light.
If the only miners that are blocking SegWit are those that are also benefiting from ASICBOOST, wouldn't it be just as difficult to get this new BIP passed?
Would it be easier to first make ASICBOOST available to all miners in order to level the playing field and *then* get everyone to agree to a "disarmament treaty"?  If everyone uses it, then there's no economic advantage, so it would probably be politically easier to get rid of it in a soft-fork.  (Couldn't one also argue that the non-free patent created this uneven playing field and started this whole mess in the first place?)
Another option could be to license the optimization with a legally binding condition that SegWit must be signaled.
(This all assumes, of course, that the patent holders would be willing to do this.)
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:28:53
I am somewhat ashamed to admit it, but at one point I was one of them.  My views are still not the same as most people here, however I am completely in favor of activating SegWit.
While I don't personally care about how the community treats *me* specifically, I *do* think that it's absolutely critical to forgive and welcome back any defectors with open arms.  Chastising them helps nobody.
@_date: 2017-04-09 12:59:52
The easiest way to get the UASF to pass is to set up a [futures contract]( like BU has (except it should be set up in a fair way).  This would allow for price discovery to clearly demonstrate the will of the economic majority.
@_date: 2017-04-03 20:33:48
If the economic majority attributes less value to a BU chain than the original BTC chain, then the coins on the BU chain will be worth less and therefore mining the BU chain would yield miners a lower profit.  This means that the BU chain can start with a majority hashrate (even 99%), but as long as people don't value that chain, then the miners are wasting electricity.  It's obviously unsustainable to mine at a loss, so this issue will resolve itself quickly.
Assuming that the economic majority and the mining majority are both acting greedy and rationally, then they should both be correlated. It's entirely possible, however, that there is a distortion in this correlation.  It will only resolve itself once the market participants have the ability to trade the coins of each chain against each other.
@_date: 2017-04-06 13:28:50
Greg's post said that there were two types of uses - one is detectable and one is covert.  Isn't Emin only describing the detectable one?
If Emin is correct that nobody is using ASICBOOST, then there should also be no resistance to activating Greg's BIP, since all it does it prevent the covert usage.
@_date: 2017-04-04 15:17:34
Since Core developers have already said that 2MB is safe, I don't see why a 1MB extension block would be a problem.  Especially since extension blocks are so similar to how SegWit was implemented.
Everyone is talking about the extra block space, but they're thinking too small.  Since the extension block can have completely different verification rules, we can change the transaction format, fix everything SegWit fixes, and even [get some long desired hard-fork wishlist features](  Many things that were thought to require a hard-fork can just be done in an extension block.


I completely agree.
@_date: 2017-04-09 14:09:03
Isn't that what BIP148 does?
@_date: 2017-04-13 10:25:42
He can only dismiss the correlations between price and SegWit news for so long before he realizes that the market does, in fact, want SegWit.
Since he is a BTC holder himself, he will probably come around eventually.
@_date: 2017-04-13 16:52:25
Unless you're paying the developers, they don't *need* to do anything.
Does this mean that I, as a *user*, MUST consider your block valid?  I think not.  As a user I have the right to consider any block invalid.
Miners MUST respect users' choice.  (The "must" is enforced economically, not ethically.)  If the majority of the wealth follows the UASF chain instead of the original chain, Wang Chun will be losing a lot of money...
@_date: 2017-04-06 20:05:46
Mostly the fear against increasing the block size.  I also think that those claiming that the blocks are not full are being disingenuous.  I do not think that we need a decrease to 300KB.
I also think the fear of hard-forks is overblown, but I can understand it at least.  (In the worst case, we would end up with a failed hard-fork that would just result in a spinoff coin like ETH/ETC, but I don't think this would even be a bad thing.)  I just really don't see why extension blocks are such a big problem.  Most of the criticism against them is the same as what people said to try to discredit SegWit.
Both sides seem to depict people on the opposition as being driven either by self interest or by a hatred for Bitcoin.  I think both sides in general have good intentions, but the stalemate is terrible.
@_date: 2017-04-01 12:32:10


SegWit was developed with the assumption that there would be no alt-coin that shares the UTXO set of bitcoin but does not enforce the SegWit rules.  If such an alt-coin were created without replay protection and had non negligible value, then user wealth would be extracted from SegWit users as you described.  The same was true for the soft-fork that created P2SH transactions, except the fundamental difference is that BU did not exist back then.


Won't this still be an issue if after SegWit activates, a BU-like alt-coin is created that does not have replay protection and sees SegWit transactions as anyone-can-spend?
My hope is that with a compromise, there will be no split in the community, and therefore no alt-coin created that will extract the wealth.
@_date: 2017-04-09 16:06:57
The lack of support for BU does not necessarily imply support for a UASF.  I'm suggesting a contract for the BIP148 UASF, not BU.
@_date: 2017-04-06 13:22:10
Thanks. :)
I hope so too.  I can understand where both sides are coming from, so maybe I can use that to help broker peace.


I wouldn't have it any other way. ;)
@_date: 2017-04-09 21:51:46
ForkWarOfAttrition uses the two "OP" definitions interchangeably and often sees others doing the same.  It's typically obvious what is intended from the context.  :)
@_date: 2017-04-04 14:36:55
So are you against the Lightning Network as a scaling solution then?  It's centralized by design in order to have fast transactions and huge scalability.
@_date: 2017-04-03 20:44:56
If the traincar manufacturer was smart, they would create a *parallel* set of tracks (spinoff/alt-coin) and open it for business regardless of how many manufacturers wanted to produce large traincars (regardless of the hashrate).  If it turns out that the bigger cars *really were* more valuable, then both tracks would still exist, except people would decide to move their cargo using the large traincars.  Since it takes the same amount of effort to create a traincar regardless of which tracks it's meant for  (the difficulty is the same on both chains), the manufacturers will naturally move to the tracks that pay the most (economic majority) and abandon the one that pays less.
@_date: 2017-04-04 16:39:47
Yes.  SegWit would allow a total of 4MB of malicious activity per block, but only about 1.7MB of normal activity.  I think this 1.7MB number is actually a bit larger now due to changes in the average transaction.
@_date: 2017-04-04 02:35:29
Of course not.  There's nowhere to replay a transaction to if there's only 1 chain.
@_date: 2017-04-04 16:34:57
Ok, I should say that it's quasi-centralized.  A hub and spoke model.
There's a limited number of people you can open a channel with since each channel must lock away funds and there are a finite number of coins on the network.  If all of these people turn out to be assholes, then you've been censored.  It's less resistant to censorship since there are far fewer hubs than in a very decentralized system.
That being said, I have no issue with LN existing.  My point was that centralization is a tradeoff with both benefits and disadvantages.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:36:07
Regarding Greg's proposal to prevent the covert usage of ASICBOOST, Bitmain said:


Does this really make the protocol more complicated?  Both SegWit and extension blocks are **far** more complicated.
Bitmain suggests an alternative:


Doesn't this mean that all of the other miners would need to gradually replace all of their equipment?  If Greg's *software* solution is used, then it could be deployed very quickly.  If Bitmains *hardware* solution is used, then it would delay the leveling of the playing field.  It would be unprofitable to replace all of the non-ASICBOOST equipment immediately.  Also, since Bitmain is the only one that currently provides this hardware, it would take a long time for anyone else to tape-out new chips.  Of course in the mean time they can just buy Bitmain's hardware...
Their suggestion would just give them this advantage even longer.  It makes perfect sense from a business perspective.
@_date: 2017-04-04 19:56:23


I still don't understand the false dichotomy.  Both SegWit and extension blocks can co-exist.  There's no reason to choose.
@_date: 2017-04-09 22:02:27
It's even scarier since miners tend to reinvest their profits.  That 20%, if reinvested, grows fast like compounding interest.  Even just 2% is a huge deal, but 20% is absurd.
If one miner can predictably beat out all competitors, then they can break even while the others mine at a loss.  Bitcoin only works when the *most efficient mining equipment* is not centrally controlled.
Just imagine if on guy had a single ASIC while everyone else are on CPUs.  If that guy kept reinvesting his profit and the CPU users were not allowed to upgrade their hardware, the guy would go from 0.01% to 100% of the hashrate in no time.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:36:32
Wow, what a nerd!  (I mean that in the most endearing way.)
@_date: 2017-04-03 13:04:02
Correct, you can sell your BTU for BTC to change the mining incentives.
You would be taking on some risk by doing so, however.  If BTU somehow gets a higher marketcap than BTC, then the miners will switch to BTU.  If you sold your BTC for BTU in this scenario, then you'd lose wealth.  If you believe that the vast economic majority wants BTC over BTU, then you might believe that this risk is small and worth taking.
@_date: 2017-04-06 13:15:16
Thanks. :)
To be honest, I think that there's a lot of misinformation and mud slinging on both sides.  I think both sides have blown some fears way out of proportion, but I'm somewhat moderate in my views now.  I'd be happy with pretty much any scaling solution at this point.
Neither side is coming out of this smelling like a rose... but some people are starting to smell a lot worse than others.
@_date: 2017-04-10 22:27:25
This just the side effect of the compounding network control due to the edge given by ASICBOOST.
An outside observer (Kncminer) would see more money being invested into new equipment than generated by the current equipment.  It turned out that the profit was actually 20% higher than expected.  What appeared as a *new investment* was actually just part of the *reinvestment* of the profit.
This is a natural consequence of having an edge for long periods of time and which is why a permanent patent on an optimization will **always** lead to legally enforced centralization.  Unless ASICBOOST is fully removed (covert and overt) or all miners are legally allowed to us it, Bitcoin mining **will** eventually be centralized (if not already).  As time approaches infinity, the hashrate using ASICBOOST (or any optimization) approaches 100% simply due to the compounding investment.
Anyone users who do not want centralization and any miners who do not use ASICBOOST should be fully in favor of leveling the playing field.
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:23:18
Please downvote this to prevent spam.
@_date: 2016-10-29 00:57:40
Great writeup!
There's always been one major concern of mine, that this post *almost* addresses, but still falls just short.




(Emphasis mine.)
From what I understand:
* A softfork is when miners use only a subset of the current consensus rules such that it is *backwards compatible* with the previous rules.
* A hardfork is simply when there is a change in the consensus rules that is *backwards incompatible* with the previous rules.
* If a node *has not* upgraded and *is not* segwit-aware, then the blocks containing segwit transactions are still valid and seen only as a softfork (however they appear as anyone-can-spend).
* If a node *has* upgraded and *is* segwit-aware, then this is effectively a hardfork since the consensus rules have changed.  This is because these nodes will reject blocks that an unupgraded node would have accepted.
Since a segwit-aware node is a hardfork, it should only activate with a majority concensus.  The above quoted scenario describes why.  The assumption is that there are "sufficiently many users", however if there is *not*, then theft would still be possible in the event of a softfork reversal!  This means that to mitigate the risk of stealing funds, users must wait for the majority of nodes to perform the hardfork upgrade before signing an anyone-can-spend transaction.
Users will need to upgrade their nodes anyway in order to have the benefits of segwit, yet they can not safely start using these benefits until the majority switches anyway.  Since this has the same disadvantages of a hardfork (everyone must upgrade), shouldn't this be implemented as such in order to prevent the softfork reversal attack?  I see no benefit of implementing it as a softfork, but I do see this single major disadvantage.
(I think that most of those who were asking for a hardfork instead of a softfork were right, but for the wrong reasons.  They tended to be uninformed and gave weak reasons such as software complexity, but I think an attack that could steal funds is much more valid.)
I love the features that segwit adds including the possibility for LN, but as a user it just seems too risky to use until it's finalized in a hardfork.
Proposed implementation:
1. This could be implemented as 2 phases: first as a softfork activation to get all miners on board and then subsequently as a majority hardfork to set the changes in stone in order to prevent their reversal.
2. If a hardfork must be used anyway, why not just skip the softfork and change the transactions to not be backwards compatible (such that they're not anyone-can-spend) to prevent this attack entirely?  I think this is the best option especially since there's no way to truly know if the majority of users have actually upgraded or not.  Network node counts can be easily faked.
Sorry about the long post.  Hopefully someone with a deep knowledge of this issue (such as ) can either confirm what I said or explain why I am wrong!  I'm cautiously looking forward to the future of BTC!
@_date: 2016-10-29 13:58:57
I would define a hardfork as any time a node needs to change their consensus rules to accept a new block.
I would define a softfork as any time a node does not need to change their consensus rules to accept a new block.
If a miner produces blocks that have stricter rules than a node requires, then from the perspective of that node, this is a softfork and they do not need to update to change their consensus rules.  The node will not even realize that a softfork happened.  This is why softforks are preferred - everyone on the network is on board with the softfork by default!
However, if the node changes their rules anyway (in order to take advantage of features of the softfork), then I would consider this a hardfork from the perspective of the node.
@_date: 2016-10-29 03:41:40
Thanks for the corrections!  I had misspoken when defining soft/hard forks.  Your definitions make sense, so I'll use them.
I think I agree with what you are saying up until this:


If a user submits a segwit transaction on the new-rules chain, wouldn't this also be a valid transaction on the old-rules chain (since it's a softfork)?  If so, then while seen as a safe segwit tx on the new-rules chain, it would be seen as an anyone-can-spend transaction on the old-rules chain.  No funds could be stolen on the new-rules chain, but couldn't they be stolen on the old-rules chain?  If all goes according to plan, this shouldn't be an issue since everyone would have abandoned the old chain anyway.  However, I am imagining the situation where the majority of minors realize that they can steal funds and decide to start accepting old blocks again.


You said that a hardfork is when the miners stop applying existing rules.
If the miners decided to revert back to the old rules, that would be a hardfork with respect to the new segwit nodes, but it would *not* be a fork at all with respect to the old non-segwit nodes since the reverted rules are identical to the non-segwit node rules.  This means that any segwit wallets would see this as a hardfork - I agree.  However, for any non-segwit clients, this would just be business as usual.
As an example:
Hypothetically, assume that 90% of wallet users (group A) did not like segwit so they refuse to update their wallets.  The remaining 10% (group B) like segwit and spent all of their BTC in segwit transactions.  If the miners then reverse these rules by creating new blocks that remove the segwit rules, then the chains will fork and create 2 currencies.  Group A will accept these new blocks as valid since the consensus rules are identical.  Group B will reject these new blocks as a hardfork that violates the segwit rules.  All segwit transactions that group B created are replayed on both chains with a miner always stealing the funds on the chain that group A follows.  All non-segwit transactions that group A creates are replayed on both chains without any theft.  The result is 2 different currencies (aka 2 consensus rules) where group A owns coins on both chains, while group B owns coins on just one chain (since they were stolen on the other chain).
If segwit was deployed as a hardfork, wouldn't this situation be avoided?
@_date: 2016-10-29 14:11:47
I agree that the reversal of the rules is seen as a hardfork by group B. (If group B updated their wallet software to take advantage of the new segwit features, then I would claim that group B underwent a hardfork in accepting different consensus rules.)
I would also claim that the rule reversal is *not* seen as a hardfork by group A, however. (Since group A did nothing when segwit came out, then they see this as a simple passive softfork.)
It was not the original softfork that put the users' funds at risk (I agree!).  I think that **it was the subsequent wallet upgrade** (hardfork!) followed by the miners reversing the rules (2nd hardfork!).  I don't think it's ever possible to steal funds from a user unless you can convince them into changing their consensus rules (regardless if rules were added or removed).
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:29:55
If hash power is law, I'd like to see them change the law to issue higher block rewards.  Surely all miners would agree on this change.
ViaBTC went full Judge Dredd... "I AM THE LAW!!"
@_date: 2016-10-30 04:00:44
Thanks for the corrections.  Based on your (and other feedback) I'm clearly abusing the term hardfork when I talk about node software changing rules.


My point was simply that the users funds were only at risk because they updated their wallet.  I agree that the original softfork did not put their funds at risk.  I'm just saying that if the users did not update their wallets, then a miner hardfork would not have caused them to lose funds.  The risky event was updating the wallets (since they obviously can't control what miners do).
I think we're in agreement about that, but my misuse of the word "hardfork" didn't help.
@_date: 2016-10-29 13:46:02
I think I understand what you're saying, but in order for "reverting" the rules to be considered a hardfork, I think that the original rule creation needs to be too.  When a user updates their node software, are you considering this a softfork?  I would claim that if the rules changed *at all* on a node (regardless if they are adding or removing rules) then this is a hardfork from the perspective of the node.  This is because the new node software will not accept the same chain as the old software.  A softfork is only at the miner level.  If a user needs to update their nodes, then that user is changing their accepted rules and is undergoing a hardfork.
I think it's important to realize in the definition of a hardfork/softfork that these terms are defined relative to another set of consensus rules.  What is a hardfork for one wallet is not necessarily a fork at all for another.
* A softfork is when miners create additional consensus rules (with respect to an original set of rules).  A node can optionally undergo a change in consensus rules to accept these blocks.  If the node rules change, then this is a hardfork.
* A hardfork is when miners remove consensus rules (with respect to an original set of rules).  A node must change its consensus rules to accept these blocks.
* If a node undergoes *any* change in consensus rules, then it is considered a hardfork (with respect to the original set of rules).


In the situation you described, I would mine segwit blocks since I would have orphaned blocks otherwise.  However, if a vast majority (90%) of the userbase does not want segwit, then I would expect a non-segwit forked currency to be more valuable (after all, there is a much bigger userbase).  If I were to stop enforcing the rules, 10% of the userbase would see this as a hardfork and reject my block while 90% would still accept it.  In this situation, I would look at how many anyone-can-spend transactions there were, say 1000BTC worth, and realize that if I create a second currency, then I would profit.  The problem is that I only have 10% of the hashrate, as you said, so the remaining hashrate would create a longer chain.  If I can assume that the remaining miners are rational, then I can expect them to switch back too.  After all, they will want some of that sweet anyone-can-spend profit too.  It would be a risk since I am only assuming that this currency will not be abandoned, but I don't see why it would be if 90% of users are in favor of it and require no new software to support it.


I don't think that my hypothetical was unlikely at all.  I would claim that any risk averse users should assume that miners will do anything that yields them a profit.  I would also claim that since there's no way to know how many users actually support segwit, there's no way to assume the majority do.  My hypothetical was not some spherical cow.  It was merely used as an example to put concrete numbers on an abstract concept.  The takeaway was that I don't think it is wise to use segwit until the majority of users have node software that will reject old blocks.


Exactly, I completely agree.  I just think that this is safer since in a hardfork we can prevent a "replay attack" of segwit transactions.  If the segwit transactions are no longer backwards compatible, then they will not be broadcast on both chains and can not be stolen in the event that there is a large group of users that do not want to upgrade.  I think it would be best to avoid a repeat of ETC/ETH.
@_date: 2016-10-29 18:57:03
OK, I'll adopt your definitions.


When you define a softfork as you did, I disagree with this statement.  I don't think that it's safe to update a wallet to a softfork when there is not a clear majority of support due to the risk of a replay attack in the event of a reversal of the softfork.
Imagine a softfork that rejects transactions that send BTC to Bob's well known address.  You (and a small minority of users) think that Bob is a bad guy, so you update your wallet software to adhere to this softfork.  I do not update my wallet because I think Bob is a good guy.  All of the miners publicly *claim* that they support this softfork and for a few weeks we never see any blocks created with Bob's address.  One day someone publishes a series of transactions sending Bob some money.  The miners notice that these have very generous transaction fees, so they revert back to the old consensus rules and begin to mine these transactions.  Your wallet says these are invalid blocks, while my wallet says that they are valid.  As long as 51% of the miners decide to revert, we get a consensus split and 2 chains.  (Sure, the miners know that you and a small minority of users won't recognize these blocks, but as long as your group is small and the fees are large, it will be profitable for them.)
In the above example of reverting a softfork, your funds would still be safe.  However, in the case of segwit as a softfork, you're publishing an anyone-can-spend transaction, so your funds will be safe on one chain but not on the other.  If the safe chain needed to be abandoned (or if simply had a lower market value after the chains diverged), then you run into trouble because the chain that has value no longer claims you own coins.  If segwit is implemented as a hardfork, then we can prevent this replay attack by intentionally making the transaction *not* backwards compatible and your funds will be safe on *both* chains in the event one chain is abandoned.  Both chains would have independent values and the market would decide which is better (most likely segwit due to the many benefits).
I agree that a softfork is sometimes (and often!) safer, but I draw the line when a user updates their wallets consensus rules.  This was the reason for my original weird definition.
@_date: 2017-05-08 02:02:51
August 1 is more than enough time.  BIP148 is a go.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:00:15


I thought this originally too, but I've changed my mind.  We really don't need *every single address* to change.  We just need the most active coins to go to SegWit addresses.  The long term hodler with coins in a safe deposit box isn't making any transactions.  We need to look at the transactions that are in blocks and look at the bitcoin days destroyed.
If the UTXOs in transactions are typically very new, then we can get that 1.7x capacity very quickly.  Sure, the majority of UTXOs won't be in SegWit transactions, but if they're not what's being mined in blocks, then they won't matter much.  I tend to believe that most transactions are just to and from exchanges, so I think we would see a fast adoption time.
On the other hand, if UTXOs are spent round-robin, then this would be the worst case scenario and you would be correct.  I just find this highly unlikely.
I'd be interested to see an analysis before making a judgement.
@_date: 2017-05-08 02:24:30
Agreed.  Just keep telling people that we're running the BIP148 client for August 1 whether they like it or not.
If they don't want a chain split, then they should probably upgrade to BIP148.
@_date: 2017-05-08 02:41:28
Thank you!  This would be an *enormous* help!  I'm sure they will greatly appreciate it as well as the whole community.
I agree that announcing intent is a good start, but I think many people are waiting until there is a concrete client they can point to before they decide to endorse it.
@_date: 2017-05-20 22:33:35


I was under the impression that this is not possible.  You describe what happens if one or many of the validators are malicious, but what if they appear to be honest until they perform an exit scam?
For example, what if I spin up 75 validators for the network that I control myself?  I validate honestly just like the other 25 on the network.  Once the price increases, I decide to attack by stealing the coins from all users and sell them on an exchange for BTC.  You said that the blockchain is halted until consensus is reached, but *who* decides the consensus and *who* decides to halt the blockchain?  If a user (or exchange) connects using the UNL and they only connect to my validators, then can't I just trick them into believing that the state of the ledger says I control all the coins.  This is why I was saying that the validators require trust.
With bitcoin, you're not trusting the miners like you're trusting the ripple validators since a full node will verify all transactions for the user.  (I should note that in a chain-split situation, you can avoid risk by just requiring payment on both chains, however it's extremely unlikely that BIP148 will result in a chain-split due to the huge mining incentives to follow the majority.)
@_date: 2017-05-08 02:02:06


How do you measure this?  Since this is subjective, what do we do if I think there is strong consensus but you disagree?  I should run it while you should not.
In the end, running a UASF client is a personal decision, not a community one.  Nobody can force you to run a certain client.
@_date: 2017-05-19 02:13:28
25 is very centralized.  If it can be easily controlled by a single entity, then it's probably centralized.
I should clarify that it's not the centralization that's the biggest issue.  It's the fact that it's not trust-less.  Your trust is just spread across a couple dozen centralized entities.
If they do make it decentralized, great.  Unfortunately the link you provide seems to describe a technique which is no better than what they have now.  Adding more than 25 trusted validators still requires users to trust the validators.  What's to stop them from just being coerced/bribed/compromised?  Do the validators have any skin in the game or will a $100 bribe be enough?  This will not stop any state actors either.  This seems no safer than a multisig where the keys are controlled by 25 trusted entities.  Increasing the "Unique Node List" also sounds like the same thing.
Their claim of "decentralizing" is highly disingenuous.  If random untrusted participants can't join their list, then it's just a centralized curated list.  How do I know that the 25 validators aren't just a fake Sybil attack.  Because I'm required to trust all validators, there's no way to know if it's really just 1 person pretending to be 25.
Basically, it's just smoke and mirrors.  It does sound like they're making their database more geographically redundant, which is nice, but I don't think people are very concerned about data loss.
In general, if a cryptocurrency does not use a proof-of-work function to prevent double spending, the first thing I ask is "do I need to trust someone?".  If we need trust, then why not just use PayPal?  Ripple could have existed long before Bitcoin.  There's no fundamental innovation over existing services.
@_date: 2017-05-08 11:06:12
As long as it's not the default and requires manual user intervention, I would personally have no issue with this.
I don't think this will be added to Core however, since this is a feature that very few users actually want.
@_date: 2017-05-18 21:39:56
As a compromise, I will throw in 's coins too. /s
Barry's heart might be in the right place, but he's negotiating a position on behalf of someone else that he has no right to.
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:37:41
The problem is that users don't have the tools necessary to run a UASF unless a development team provides them with a client that supports it.
Why not add BIP148 to Core *as an optional flag*?  There's no way that this can be argued to be developer activated since manual intervention is necessary.  It would still be up to the community to educate users on how to manually enable it.  The only thing that can be argued as "developer activated" is something that is enabled by default.
@_date: 2017-05-08 01:05:32
This might be simple for you and I to do, but there are many users who have no idea how to install a third party binary.
Also when it comes to "developer-activated", isn't this how prior soft-forks were implemented?  In the past, if users objected to these soft-forks, they could have simply not updated.  No developer can force users to update to their client.
I guess I don't see how a UASF implementation in Core would be "developer-activated" while at the same time it's impossible for developers to force a hard-fork upon the community.  Changing the Core consensus rules is either forced upon the community or users are in control of their updates.  It can't be both.
If the UASF wasn't a hot button political issue, I don't think there would be such an objection to adding some optional RPC command that forces the activation of a soft-fork.  There are RPC commands already that can force a soft-fork chain split, so I don't understand why this one would be special.
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:16:30
In a centralized system, this is just words.  As far as I know there's nothing to stop them from breaking this promise as easily as they made it.  Ripple is just another centralized fiat currency that happens to be digital.  It's like if PayPal had its own currency and decided to use public/private keys instead of emails/passwords to log in.
It can scale due to centralization, but it also has all of the risks (confiscation, censorship, frozen funds, etc.).
@_date: 2017-05-21 20:15:42
Can you clarify what "support" means?
* Are you politically supporting BIP148?
* Are you allowing withdrawals on the BIP148 chain?
* Are you listing a trading pair for the two Legacy/BIP148 chains?
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:23:38
BIP148 is snowballing in support now.  Those users and businesses that support SegWit can get it.
We're past the point of no return.  Many users are running BIP148, not just signaling it.  Users must now make a conscious decision which chain to use.
The non-BIP148 chain could get reorged.  If this happens, it is dangerous to use the non-BIP148 chain.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:51:02


It should also be noted that since newly mined coins must wait 100 confirmations before being spent, miners have an *huge* disincentive to mining a chain that will die off.  The 12.5 BTC reward from the last 100 blocks of a reorged chain will be impossible to sell on an exchange.  At $1800 per coin, that's $2,250,000 of wasted money for the last 100 miners on the chain!
Miners work on low margins.  This would be catastrophic for miners who choose unwisely.
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:54:33
I will not deposit BTC into any exchange that does not allow me to withdraw coins from *all* chains.
Any exchange that accepts a deposit that is valid on all chains but refuses to give withdrawals on all chains is effectively stealing wealth.  Nobody has a crystal ball, so any investor that voluntarily relinquishes ownership of coins is taking on a risky and unnecessary opportunity cost.
@_date: 2017-05-08 02:20:26
There is a signed ubuntu PPA repository for it?
@_date: 2017-06-02 01:33:13
Interestingly the results were very consistent up until the obvious duplicate voting (more votes than reddit post views haha).  The "I support SegWit but not BIP148" option went from last place with ~10 votes to first place with 131 votes very quickly.
Prior to this, it was ~30%, 30%, 30%, 10%.
I'm not sure why someone even cares enough to break the poll.  It's not like this was being used for deciding the protocol.  It's just a single redditor asking other people a simple question.  Maybe next time I'll just ask a question directly on reddit and tally up the replies.  People don't tend to make fake reddit accounts since that takes a little more effort.  For some reason people go crazy when you use the word "poll" and start screaming "Sybil!" and try to break it for no clear purpose.  What a strange crowd of people.
Edit: It went from 131 to 176 by the time I finished typing this lol.  Guess they're not done yet.
@_date: 2017-06-02 01:51:49
Unfortunately the results were heavily manipulated after about an hour or so, as expected.  Someone was intentionally skewing the poll just because they can.  If a followup is done, I think it would be better to use reddit than to use one of these poll sites.  People are a lot less likely to spam a reddit post with fake accounts than a poll.
@_date: 2017-06-01 22:21:43
This was cross-posted on rbtc.
@_date: 2017-06-02 01:39:34


This isn't a reliable source of data to make those types of decisions.  This poll is only for my own purposes, not as a means of influencing the direction of the code.  It's not Sybil proof and received a huge number of votes suddenly which likely were just one person voting many times.  I got what I needed out of the data before this occurred, which is all that matters.