@_author: forkthebanks
@_date: 2015-08-05 13:34:54
Coinscrum Meetup Link [Here](
Facebook Event Link [Here](
Hope to see you all there :)
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:05:17
Hey Guys, we're getting a ton of traffic right now, so here's the youtube video link if the site gets overloaded.
[Fork The Banks - ฿ The Light (Trailer 
Many thanks for all your support and kind messages.  We're all getting very excited!
@_date: 2015-09-20 00:33:27
Please go take your misogyny elsewhere
@_date: 2015-09-20 15:54:08
As well as artists and musicians, there are a multitude of bitcoiners that have backed (and continue to back FTB).  Many of whom called us or messaged us today to say they are still fully behind the project and believe in what we are doing.  
These are people in our network that we have known since 2010 and onwards, back when there were just 3 members in the Bitcoin London group and everyone thought we were crazy.
You build a lot of trust for one another in that amount of time - you share the highs and the lows.  And, when things go really wrong and there are bumps along the way, you learn very quickly who can be relied on to have your back.
I guess that's the difference between people new to the scene and bitcoiners who have been battle-hardened since the early days and lived through events like the fall of MT. Gox.  Anyone remember those suicide hotline posts whenever there was a new crash?  
Just as the death of bitcoin was greatly exaggerated nearly daily in the press, so too is your notion that fork the banks has in some way ended because of a tearful video posted by an exhausted and much beloved abbybitcoin, and a satirical blog post egged on by If anything, all the calls of support today have merely imbued us with new belief in the project.  
Reading the callous DailyHashRate FUD 'article' today, somehow reminded me of poor Dorian Nakamoto's plight, and that didn't end well for Newsweek. 
We're happy to report that Abbie is doing a lot better and removed the video earlier on in the day.
you are an artist, and one that we are blessed to have generously dedicated time to this project for the love of the idea.  We adore your art but if you really 'feel for Lee and Abby' and have respect for the very hard graft Lee and those bitcoiners he works with have put in over the last 2 years, and indeed all those other artists and musicians who still believe in the project, maybe you would consider refraining from adding more fuel to the fire in what has been a very personal and painful experience for one of the core members of the project.   
Many thanks for listening and your efforts to date, your contributions, kindness and all round loveliness will be sorely missed, but the show must go on!  Good luck with the future pal.
In the meantime, let us make good art!  