@_author: forlotto
@_date: 2014-05-31 16:31:29
Good luck to you and your investment. Bitcoin is not a bad platform. It is basically the same as any other coin other than being the first kid on the block. As I recall through out history, the first kid on the block always faired well for a good period of time. For instance, NES when that was released investors thought ohhh boy what a flop! However, they did great netting 3billion market share for a while controlling 90% of the market until Sega came along. As an underdog, they started selling their gospel at collages and eventually their was a group that was growing. This allowed sega to aquire 60% of the market for home arcades. But Nintendo was a first, they continued to do well. But on the other hand, I think of myself wanting to be the early investor in Sega. This is where investors truly make their own mark and become something a bit more than an average "go with the flow" investor. Without risk, it is near impossible to achieve stellar, to the moon growth historically speaking. Once you achieve stellar, to the moon growth then you can start making sound investments. The larger sums of money "might" be safe but lets face it nothing is 100%.
@_date: 2014-06-03 01:12:14
First off to all the people calling this guy stupid basically we must self reflect on the speed of society and some of the quirks involved. It is probability look at how many people still infect their computers these days they get used to clicking yes on everything 90% of the time these mistakes can be corrected almost instantly after it happens. Which is why windows prompts you twice when downloading and installing a program.
It is very easy to fall into a trap going through the motions on anything and if you are an investor you deal with large sums of money all the time.
I think it is time that all wallets start issuing a mandatory  5 minute delay before send to allow people time to cancel transactions like this I would almost bet that if he had this we would not even be seeing his story. I have raised the same point over at dogecoin I think all devs should be looking into this measure for all alt coins so the playing field will be even it provides a level of safety against this and people all just get used to the 5 minute delay.
Or at least allow for a user configurable delay at the very least but I think a forced delay would better benefit the community as most people would simply disable it until it was their turn and it happened to them.
I don't do bitcoin but I'd tip you some doge if I could on here not that bitcoin is bad it's just a little late in the game so to me I'm hedging my bets on doge as a fairly sound investment.
We all wish you the best from r/dogecoin as well! As I followed the link from there.
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:38:04
it may have an impact the more people that are aware of what is happening the more they may try and play along with you not to mention the fact that more and more investors are sheepish they seem to be moving along with everything a lot quicker.
Finally I would like to point out that the current state of fiat or debt based money ensures only one thing at the end of the day more and more people will see bankruptcy. Not only is their a debt there is also a nice thing called interest which is a debt of money that does not even exist in the system. So the money you get is always someones debt. This is dangerous in any economic system because it makes certain that at some point in the future their will be complete utter chaos.
There is a nice video that explains this far greater than I can!
But I urge all to watch this to realize why people should not abandon cryptos because of some fear instead we should keep promoting cryptos and using them because it will cause an eventual shift to where people will not be exchanging cryptos for dollars instead they will keep cryptos and use them instead as an addition to the available currency of your country! 
This is important because it is in fact the only way to offset debt based economics but we need businesses both small and large to start adoption of cryptos we need local markets across the globe to use cryptos for payment of goods and services. We need people to hold and use their earnings without conversion to fiat.
Is this possible? You damn right it is the dollar has changed a few times.
At one time we had 100% reserves of precious metals but as consumers were more confident in the dollar they moved to fractional reserves of gold which meant that banks only needed a small percentage of precious metals say 3% because most folks were no longer exchanging their money for metals. Than to protect these banks from collapse we moved to no backing of metals. These days, everything is digital mere numbers on a screen each bank creates money out of thin air as debt! You'd never guess what fractional reserve they are using ... Paper money! Yes that's right most all money is essentially digital currency already.
Cryptos may not have the full faith and credit of the and backing of an entity but lets be serious that backing is simply a piece of paper and some laws to provide very limited protection of your paper. When their is an economic collapse you will be left holding the bag of paper it is really that simple the paper will be essentially worthless. So no matter what currency you chose to use their is always risks even if you were to invest in a speculative asset such as gold or silver.
I will say with bitcoin it will provide more financial security to the whole economic system!
With dogecoin their is an even more interesting effect because the scarcity element is removed their is more cash put into existence every year. This is important because it will assure people who invest in and use it that their will be no debt based economics being used to cause eventual collapse of the coin. As more and more people are born their should be more and more money in the system in order to be a fair economic system that doesn't promote economic slavery and cause certain economic collapse.
You will see in the documentary the benefit when they talk of river hours which was a local currency created for a local community and how well it works!
@_date: 2014-05-31 20:04:28
Edited for your reading pleasure. Hope this helps you and future readers!
@_date: 2014-06-02 00:33:01
Many Community
@_date: 2015-08-10 23:37:35
Yes a catch phrase to grab the attention of the reader a simple shock statement to make you go HUH!
+100 doge verify
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:07:42
I did I did break the bitcoin nothing like having a couple BTC sitting there when a guy wants to use it to buy some dogecoin.
Maybe it is a conspiracy to stop me from purchasing doge with my bitcoin lol.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:01:41
2016-02-12 19:28:00 ERROR: CheckTransaction(): vin empty
2016-02-12 19:28:00 ERROR: AcceptToMemoryPool: CheckTransaction failed
Seems like it keeps hanging up earlier and earlier this is the errors I get something along this line accept to memory pool.
Any suggestions seems rather odd each day it takes less and less time for this thing to hang up.
This last time I dropped my wallet all together and started fresh with a new wallet to see if that would help no such luck I really need to get my wallet squared away though otherwise it is impossible. 
The funny thing about all this is the good old dogecoin wallet never fails me ever I really enjoy dogecoin the speed and use just seems so much smoother than using bitcoin using bitcoin has been rather trivial at times a heck of a lot more things that seem to cause the need for reindex.
But now even the reindex just is not working I am on my this is after attempting to index on an external drive this time....
Would be happy to get this thing running like a well oiled machine again.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:04:52
No I didn't cant seem to find the windows binary for .12  to be honest I'd really love to give .12 a shot if it is "a lot faster"
Any suggestion on where to find the latest windows installer would be nice to give that a shot...
@_date: 2016-02-11 22:31:04
UPDATE tried a new wallet. Still a no go 2016-02-12 19:28:00 ERROR: CheckTransaction(): vin empty 2016-02-12 19:28:00 ERROR: AcceptToMemoryPool: CheckTransaction failed
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:41:23
Well here is a little something to help things along......
+100 doge verify