@_author: formalappearance
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:02:12
I'm having trouble finding a good active thread on option for tumbling bitcoin and/or purchasing anonymously. Can anyone help me out? Personal reccomendations are fine however I'm not interested in tumblers that rare run by illegal markets.
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:12:42
BAD ADVICE!!! Im sorry but that is esentially day trading and unless you do it professionally like 40 hours a week or get lucky, you are going to lose in the end.
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:57:57
Anyone with half a brain, not just "the rich" would NOT agree to this system. It's broken in several ways.
All it would do is scale the amount of currency based on the amount of people currently alive, the value of said currency per unit would be determined by the free market like any other currency.
All it would really do is make it a little more difficult for you to transfer your wealth to your kids/spouse when you die. Thats not a rich person thing, most decent people care about their kids and want to help them out by giving them their money when they die.
And how would it create more natural competition for jobs and skills or do anything for natural resources? There already is enough competition for jobs and skills. If you have a skill that people consider valuable, you can use it to gain wealth, whether you are gaining dollars or bitcoin or whatever is being used as currency,
There's nothing wrong with wealth being passed down. Its your money, you earned it, and you get to decide what to do with it, that includes what to do with it when you are gone.
Also, if it just "vanished", then what happens when someone (randomly or for a legitimate reason) goes broke because their wealth consists mostly of what was created when you were born?
I dont think you thought this through, or understand economics.
@_date: 2018-04-13 07:54:36
The unique challenge with bitcoin is that its risky so its best to invest slowly and steadily and not pay attention but with crypto you HAVE to pay attention because there are so many currencies popping up and tech/software evolving etc. It just takes a LOT of discipline to avoid trying to play the market while watching the price fluctuate so much and so often.
My advice is to set up and automatic exchange of like $20 a week or whatever you would consider pretty much insignificant and to keep up just scan the headlines for bitcoin related news. If the price spike, sell half of what you have and go back to scanning headlines. Your saftey is the low constant investment. If you stick to the same, low, regular investment then you are at least protected from losing a lot of money (although you may miss out on gaining a lot, just accept that as a condequence of investing safely and smartly.
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:11:43
More than a year. With someting as volatile as crypto, any money invested should be money you can go at least 5 years without IMO.
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:16:26
Bitcoin is a commodity, Its doesnt have the acceptance to really be called a currency because most of the bitcoin transacted consists of buying and selling on exchanges.
When the majority of transactions represent people exchanging BTC for goods and services, it'll be a currency.
Until then, its a game, and a very risky one. There is no cheating because anything goes. Accept that and treat it like any high risk investment, then be twice as cautious because crypto is a whole new thing.
Or be an idiot, think you know where the market is going, and help the smart investors out there get rich.
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:10:35
With Bitcoin its best to buy as needed for purchasing and if you want to invest, you need to invest a small, set amount on a regular basis and commit to never impulse buying. Its not good to impulse sell either but at least with that the worst case scenario is you lose out on an oppurtunity to make a lot of money.
I have automatic withdrawals set up so I invest about $100 a week into crypto and if I want to use BTC for a purchase, I do a one time exchange of just enough for the purchase and spend it immediatly.
The biggest mistake you can make is trying to play the market. Get the phrase "is this a good time to buy" out of your head because no matter what you will always be gambling. Small, regular investments over long periods of time is the strategy most likely to work. Sure, you might think about buying in big time and then later finding out you would have made a killing if you had done it, but for every situation like that there are 100 more where you buy in and end up selling at a loss because you panicked or invested more than you could afford.
Bitcoin investing is for the money you have left over after you pay off all your high interest debt, max out retirement contributions, and establish a cash emergency fund (3 months living expenses). Think of they money you invest in BTC like the money you would spend on luxury items.
@_date: 2018-04-13 07:42:24
He GUESSED right once before.