@_author: formalisticwallet
@_date: 2017-12-16 12:27:24
It funny how on anonymous websites everyone is an expert in the topic under discussion yet tend not to have the nuanced opinions that usually accompanies expertise... 
You can definitely create a borrowing system without an inflationary currency but the question is who would be the winners and losers in such a system. Your initial post stated EVERYONE would benefit. That seems very unlikely. Especially given economic history in which deflationary currencies clearly didn’t benefit everyone. But please, explain to me how it would be that the holders of currency wouldn’t benefit over the borrower (regardless of fractional reserves) in a deflationary condition.
Also, what makes you think fractional reserve banking would disappear? Probably 99% of crypto users transact through third parties. Unless you expect the general public to gain the technical chops to maintain their own wallets safely that’s not going to change.  And if that doesn’t change and some third party platform has tons of crypto sitting around I don’t know why they wouldn’t lend some of it out. Unless you expect regulation to stop them or the incentive to internalize profits and externalize risks will just disappear in our future crypto utopia. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:57:17
Lol you must have a real depth of knowledge of economic history and theory.
Benefits of deflation don’t go to everyone, they go to the holders of the currency at the expense of borrowers. Who usually borrows money? I don’t know... people trying to start a business? Buy a home? Pay for education? Yea fuck those people. Let’s just make sure the money we got is worth more and more and somehow that’ll be good for everyone!! 
Go learn more before you regurgitate crypto utopian bullshit. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 21:14:15
This is extremely short sighted. Crypto as an industry is in its infancy, and if history is any guide, being the first doesn't make you the market leader in the long run (see myspace, yahoo, etc etc etc). Bitcoin is inherently limited as it is fundamentally a currency, and not one with huge marginal advantages to fiat currency to the vast majority of consumers. Not to mention it has massive governance problems which compounds its scalability problems. I'd say the true potential of crypo lies in massively scaled, non-currency applications, which bitcoin is at a disadvantage as compared to altcoins who can design their crypto based on the lessons of bitcoin's failures, ethereum is a perfect example of this.