@_author: -formless-
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:57:00
and it's also why bitcoin is not anywhere close to being a "stand-alone" currency
if everyone who has btc only wants to hoard it because they think it'll appreciate in value, a bitcoin-based economy will not be viable.
instead, it will function how it does right now, which is bitcoins essentially serving as a way to transmit USD (or some other currency) from person to person.
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:54:08
I don't understand btc at a deep, deep level, but is it not true that the cumulative mining power is necessary as a way to keep the entire network secure?
I don't know how you solve the problem of an open decentralized system without something similar to what we have now
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:49:05
oh wow that was a really rigorous argument there
it's hard to take this subreddit seriousl when people can't see that a deflationary currency is not viable as the basis of an economy. if it's more worth it to hoard btc than spend it, btc will never function well as a currency.
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:50:47
it's less "spend more consciously" and more "hardly spend at all" because who wouldn't want to sit on their btc and let it appreciate in value? I mean look at the OP for example.
Yes, spending money like crazy without real growth is bad. but an inflationary currency does stimulate greater investment and capital expenditure, because rather than have my cash lose value ot inflation, that money goes into stocks or bonds or into building your own business
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:59:03
you're speaking the truth, but unfortunately in this subreddit even basic economic ideas are completely ignored.
sure, maybe there is a way a deflationary currency could work. yet in this thread I haven't seen any intelligent arguments, nor any indication that the majority of people here understand even basic economic/financial ideas.
it should be quite obvious that a currency that discourages spending and encourages hoarding will not work as a currency
@_date: 2016-04-23 22:04:41
Okay, good.


if you think in an economy that discourages spending money (and therefore investing it in assets of production), items will be cheaper, you haven't been paying attention.
the more people that buy an item, the cheaper it is. you can buy a mchicken for $1 because mcdonalds sells a fuckton of sandwiches. if we lived in a world where we only used a deflationary currency, you can bet that there would not be nearly the same level of spending, and thus there would not be the same stimulation of economic growth.
hyperinflation is bad. it creates such a strong "hot potato" effect of desperation to offload money that the money becomes worthless.
however, mild 1-3% inflation gives a soft encouragement to spend money/invest without runaway inflation destroying the economy
i love bitcoin, the technology is incredible and we're going to enter an entirely new era of decentralized systems. the blockchain and other related innovations are going to change the landscape.
but bitcoin as a true currency that people use not as a way to transmit USD but as a currency in itself - that I am not optimistic about as long as we have a deflationary system.
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:52:23
mild inflation isn't an artificial incentive, it's a pretty normal one
A bad artifical incentive is the us' stupid treatment of mortgages/home ownetship. not only are there tons of incentives for home ownership, but everyone is encouraged to borrow far more money than they can afford to buy a house far larger than they need. and all only because the average person doesn't understand stocks/bonds so when compared to cash, a house seems like a great place to put your money. which is of course ignoring that a house is almost never a good investment for a number of factors
@_date: 2016-04-23 21:47:44
in a deflationary currency, it is better to spend money in the future than in the present. what that means is everyone wants to hoard their btc and not spend it. how can you build a functional economy off of that?
it is the inflationary nature of usd that stimulates investment because cash is not an asset class you want to be in long term.
what's even funnier is the people above who think that just because a currency is deflating, that means everyone can sit around and make free money and have a functioning economy. this is obviously false, and failing to see the difference between wealth and money is a huge problem