@_author: forrestblack
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:34:01
Bitpay gives the option to set prices in Dollars or in BTC and also gives the option to the merchant regarding how they receive funds, btc or what they call Bitcoin Best Bid exchange rates at the time of the sale.
For Bitcoin to be a currency and not just a proxy, I feel that commerce should be done in it's native form, but volatility presents some challenges.
@_date: 2013-12-02 23:22:33
I told you that you missed the point I was making. Again, I have no problem with the processor, obviously. But, I feel like in order to fully support Bitcoin, politically and/or philosophically, simply using Bitpay as a dollar payment processor and using Bitcoin as a simple dollar bank is a half way solution. 
If you really want to support Bitpay as a proper currency, you should engage in commerce using Bitpay in it's natural form. The Bitcoin fans here get what I'm saying, but apparently it takes more explaining for the adult industry folks. That's ok though. I didn't come here asking for advice, just offering my views on barriers to the adaptation of the currency, from my experience. Folks just decided I needed advice for some reason.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:40:06
I am aware of the choices available. But charging in dollars and just using Bitpay or whatever as a processor and using Bitcoin as a crypto bank, kind of misses the point if you actually want Bitcoin to be successful and thrive in commerce. We chose to use it as a natural currency and we're happy with that choice, but the volatility does present a challenge to merchants that want to be fully onboard. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 04:59:27
I feel like it order for the Bitcoin currency to be taken seriously, it can't just be used as a commodity or as a symbolic dollar when it's used in actual commerce.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:23:24
No, that wasn't the point at all. The point was that we believe in and support Bitcoin on a political level and therefor feel it's the right thing to do to fully engage in commerce using Bitcoin as a natural currency. If we set prices in dollars and only used the Bitcoin payment processor to charge in dollars, that wouldn't be as supportive of what Bitcoin is and what it should be. To twist that into we don't like processors, philosophically, in an effort of make us out as some sort of hypocrite is kind of questionable.
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:56:43
But that's what bothers me. I don't mind giving recognition to success, but it shouldn't get to lie about, or at least get credit for, the actual innovation they based their success on. I know that's how history generally goes, but if you are going to teach a class on it, I feel like the correct answer is important. Sure, porn made 'tube' sites after Youtube, but they also made Avatar porn after Avatar was successful. Porn innovates and also fast follows, but the original innovation of having popular sites that served a buffet of random entertaining video clips, sortable by popularity, keyword, ratings, etc. was done in the adult space before Youtube.
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:42:26
I fully agree with your last point about holding on to the sales in bitcoin, or potentially buying supplies with that income as well, if they can.
But, I feel that pricing in native btc is the only way it will be a currency, rather than a proxy mechanism for fiat transactions. The challenge this presents arises in times of large value fluctuation, which creates the temptation to flee towards a more stable currency for pricing, but that kind of defeats the mission of Bitcoin success.
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:35:16
Any recommendations on a Bank that is safe?
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:55:47
I have no problem with the middleman (processor) at all. I think they are great. It's ok if some people don't understand the political and philosophical value of using Bitcoin as it's own natural currency. I can see that it's really bothering certain adult industry types in this thread (or maybe just you I guess.) But, it's a totally valid perspective, as a merchant, to observe on the fact that volatility is a challenge to fully embracing Bitcoin as a real currency.
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:27:43
I think it's important not to confuse size with innovation. It's easy to do, but Youtube kind of copied the existing TGP/MGP model in a more mainstream way. They didn't innovate mixed video galleries sorted by popularity, keyword, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:08:57
We (BlueBlood/SpookyCash) have been very happy with the addition of Bitcoin membership options to our adult sites. I would say that the only challenge is adjusting the pricing. When we first added Bitcoin as an option, the price was around $60-70 and the first Bitcoin membership sale we made was for one full Bitcoin for a year membership. This was before Metart or anybody else was onboard with Bitcoin in the adult membership site market. Back then, that was actually a pretty good deal, in relation to the regular price of a year membership. Then we cut the price to a half, and now it's a much smaller percentage, just to try to keep the value comparable. Since then, we've added monthly and 6-month membership options to our Bitcoin membership catalog. We want to support Bitcoin as a currency, so it is important to us that we charge in btc and not just use it as a token dollar substitute or billing tool. As a merchant, in general and in adult, the largest barrier I've heard people talk about is the volatility. It is hard to keep your product pricing attractive and stable when the currency fluctuates so wildly.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:31:01
Hmm, interesting. Color me kinda mistaken I guess. That is a project I should maybe complete, now that you bring it up. I still don't have a problem with the processor end of things. I think we're just having a semantic problem. I feel like in order to fully embrace Bitcoin, I don't just want another 'dollar' processor, charging in dollars even if we hold in Bitcoin. I want to engage in Bitcoin commerce with it fully embraced as it's own currency because I think that's important to it's future success. That is what is politically and philosophically important to me. I think you grabbed on to me saying 'processor' from an industry perspective and potentially didn't understand that I meant it from an economics perspective.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:48:30
Why you mad? If you don't understand the choices we made, that doesn't mean I'm doing it wrong.
@_date: 2013-12-02 23:31:06
That is an interesting option. But, I'm not looking for a solution, just observing on the fact that in order to fully embrace Bitcoin, conceptually, in the long run it can't just be used as a backend dollar processor and/or commodity. However, being fully onboard with a volatile currency presents some challenges. There are halfway solutions to these challenges, but I believe it's still the right thing to do. Politically supporting what Bitcoin is and should be just requires a bit more commitment. The OP talked about industry adaptation issues and I was posting about our experience as early adopters.
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:23:37
If it's a way to charge for independent Skype shows now that Paypal changed their mind about adult, billing in Bitcoin is easy and innovative, but if it's just a way to rip off the existing cam site she's performing on, that seem kind of uncool, to me anyway.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:26:10
Dude, relax. I really wasn't trying to challenge you. I was just sharing my point of view on a detail or two in what you originally said. Sorry if it came off as something to get stressy about or whatever. Really, don't worry about it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:37:41
So is Reddit, but fortunately some people are willing to pay a little for premium features. If (almost) nobody pays for it, the general quality available will diminish. Look what a culture of proud freeloading did to the state of music.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:29:25
I believe that is true, but we chose to use Bitcoin as it's own proper currency, and like I said, I'm very happy with the choice. The only real challenge, as a merchant, is the volatility. Charging in dollars and holding it in Bitcoin could potentially mitigate some of that, but then again, not supporting Bitcoin at all would fully mitigate all of that, which speaks to the original point that merchants that want to be fully onboard with Bitcoin still face some challenges. We're fine with that, but I just wanted to offer some insight from the perspective of people who are actually excited about the deeper political message and objective of Bitcoin as a concept. I feel that it needs to be used in commerce, in it's natural state or it runs the risk of being a Tulip style bubble.
@_date: 2013-12-03 01:16:40


I double checked and I don't think that's actually true. Not that it matters really, but I don't think anybody here hit people up to beta test any Bitcoin processor of ours. You might be thinking of somebody else, and that's ok, but we'd really have no reason to do that. If you want to email me what thread you are talking about, privately, you are welcomed to.
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:02:46
Since I want to support Bitcoin as a currency, rather than just an investment or alternative billing tool, it's important to me that we set prices in btc, but I have to say, with the current volatility, it's been tricky to keep up. When we first started taking Bitcoins on our sites, a Bitcoin was well under $100.
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:38:29
It can work several ways, with Bitpay for sure, I'm not certain about Coinbase or the new Mt. Gox merchant services.
Speaking for myself, as a merchant, I've made WAY more just holding the sales in btc, even with the current downturn taken into account, because Bitcoin has still on average increased value significantly since we started taking them as payment.
@_date: 2013-04-15 02:07:38
Is it bad that my first thought was "Who is Herb Grinder?" It does look nice though
@_date: 2013-12-02 04:57:25
Because that wouldn't really be respecting Bitcoin as a currency, politically. It would just be using Bitpay as a dollar payment processor and that's not really philosophically all that forward thinking. We did it forward, not backward. Besides, all those Bitcoins we earned are worth a lot more than the dollars they represented at the time.