@_author: fortranately
@_date: 2013-10-18 20:29:41
Bitcoin isn't a US currency. So, put aside fears about what the US government may do - they have done many things that don't make sense, and they will continue to do so.
So, suppose there is legislature that passes, banning Bitcoin. If you've already invested, you aren't affected. Your coin is stashed in your wallet, hopefully offline. If you haven't invested, there will always be ways to purchase Bitcoin using methods outside of the US banking system. My holdings have come from mining, from local trades, and from the sale of my programing services to various individuals. I haven't had to open my bank to Bitcoin, and I don't intend to ever do so. I buy things using Bitcoin, and through my purchasing power and earning power, I am helping the system stay strong. You can do this, too.
The Bitcoin market is one that is fundamentally disconnected from the conventional market, by design, and it will always be independent of government or corporation  - and what's the difference these days, right?
@_date: 2013-10-18 20:55:46
I use a client app, Bitcoin-Qt to make my transactions, and it serves as a wallet. I also transfer my Bitcoins to an offline savings wallet (there are a variety of ways to do this, fantastic resources in the sidebar links here). 
As for mining, it is now past the point where it is economically feasible due to the inherent escalating difficulty, unless one is willing to invest some serious money. There are some Bitcoin Mining Difficulty calculators online - check those out. I was one of the lucky ones, an early adopter, and mined for a good while. 
But! You can still offer services to others - I've noticed a sub here that focuses on hiring and offering services for Bitcoins - and earn some coins that way. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 15:19:45
There is a fine line between evangelism and flat-out crazy talk.
People like Sandberg and Buffet already know about Bitcoin. They may know more than you, in fact. 
If you are intelligent and discerning, taking an approach that invites a person to tell you about Bitcoin will serve you and the community well. Instead of launching into a sales pitch (ugh, been to my share of board meetings and state dinners and simply hate this approach), why not ask the person you meet, "I've been following the Bitcoin market for a while, and wonder what thoughts you may have on it." 
That's a better opening, and will allow you to correct (gently, please) any misconceptions that someone may have. And more times that not, I am willing to bet that you will be surprised, even enlightened, by the answers you receive. 
Everyone wants to be a Bitcoin evangelist. Why not be a quiet zen master of the market? 
@_date: 2013-10-18 23:01:10
The thing about mining is that you have to consider the difficulty (which was just raised significantly, which may make your article outdated), and the mining hardware you are using, your CPU, and the cost of your electricity. Mining hardware can use a relatively large amount, and running your machine(s) day and night will raise your power bill to the point that the mining is not financially productive. Use those Bitcoin Mining calculators (there's a bunch of them) to figure out if what you are willing to invest might be worth it.
Bitcoin-Qt is an application that allows you to send and receive bitcoins, and can store them for you on your computer. It's safest to then either print them out or transfer them to a USB thumbdrive as an offline wallet. Tons of sites out there can tell you how to do this with the equipment you already own.
I think you would find that all of your questions would be answered with some time reading about how all of this works. There is a forum, bitcointalk.org, where I am a member. We talk about everything Bitcoin, and your answers can be found there. 
Keep reading and asking folks questions! Bitcoin is the future, of that I am sure. 