@_author: fortunategeek
@_date: 2018-01-13 12:04:05
That's what caused the financial meltdown in 2008.  Yes bankers did make loans to people who could not afford to payback the mortgage.  Many loans were made with zero down!!!  So people got into properties they had no business 'owning' and then couldn't make the payments.
What we see now in the industry is the pendulum having swung to the other side with people who are probably over qualified for a mortgage (ie they don't fit a profile) being denied.
The financial industry is like any other - full of greed, full of stupidity, full of people just doing a job.  Don't expect it to make sense.  Expect it to be continuously changing and continuously working to their benefit.  
@_date: 2017-12-26 12:52:42
I disagree.  
Governments require taxes to be paid in the local FIAT.  The claim that governments cannot choose to sanction and restrict Bitcoin is simply false. Governments can control the conversion between Bitcoin and FIAT.  Bitcoin is not anonymous. 
[The Start](
Taxation in new areas starts out as an on your honor system.  Then government steps in when they figure out how to regulate and enforce tax code compliance.  Anyone planning on using Bitcoin to avoid taxation is delusional.  The Blockchain lives forever.
I think Bitcoin is great... but I don't think it is a magical way to avoid government regulation and taxation.  It doesn't have to be in order for it to be useful to society.
@_date: 2017-12-30 14:42:25
You do realize it sat in someone's account for 6+ years right?
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:12:51
I suppose.  But I've paid enough taxes to know - you always have to pay the man.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:05:23
It is fun to be rebellious, isn't it?  That's why teenagers act the way they do.  At some point most people grow up.  I grew up a long time ago.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:05:56
Recommend never using RT.com for anything...its digital toilet paper.
@_date: 2019-11-22 15:06:22
Be careful being too pessimistic about the current economic system.  Lots of doom and gloom predictions for decades told people to buy gold and gold has not appreciated as much as stocks.
Bitcoin is the new kid on the block.  I love the technology.  I'm unconvinced that it will lead to a brand new economy in the near enough term to make me panic and sell FIAT assets.   Remember - in the United States owning gold was made illegal in 1933 ([see Executive Order 6102](  I could write up all the ways governments could make Bitcoin ownership/transactions difficult...but all you have to do is look at Taiwan today.  When a tyrannical government exerts its control, having a blockchain that accounts for every transaction in history could make Bitcoin ownership a risky proposition.   For Bitcoin to replace FIAT, economies will have to fail dramatically and that will lead to governments also failing - and they aren't going to go quietly.  Its currently a free country and you can spend your money in almost any way you want.  Don't assume that will always be true.  And don't assume that just because you've got an 'untraceable' cold wallet that you can spend your Bitcoin in the future easily.  Who will you trust?
@_date: 2019-11-22 12:58:07
Supply and Demand?  Market Manipulation?  Whales? Governments? Taxes?  Combinations of them all. Who knows....  It is all a big experiment.  Invest only what you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2018-06-29 20:23:29
Bitcoin as a global scale medium of exchange has not been proven.  In late 2017, the price of bitcoin was being [manipulated ]( stratospheric valuations and simultaneously transactions were ridiculously overpriced.  The vulnerabilities of cryptocurrency to nation state interference can only be imagined today.  If China wants to screw with crypto...  hodl on to your ass.
Disclosure: I hodl Bitcoin.  But if it goes to zero... no worries.
@_date: 2019-10-24 15:43:40
I think there are some existential threats to Bitcoin that continue to make it a speculative investment.
1. A government can declare using Bitcoin illegal.  True that individuals can say FU and  continue to use it and it will work...but who will you trade your Bitcoin with?  The BlockChain is forever.  The risk of trading a banned currency over a public blockchain will completely tank the value of Bitcoin in that country if a country wants to penalize its use.
2. The strength of the crypto algorithms underlying Bitcoin are evidently assumed to remain strong forever.  Is that a good assumption?  Depending on what a new attack would look like will depend on what the form of mitigation will be needed so its not easy to predict the impact and cost of migrating to different algorithms especially if the there's an active attack occurring..ie someone using a quantum computer starts picking off large wallets...plus a huge confidence loss in the tech.  I know - there's no known attack against SHA256/ECC today... what about in 20 years?
3. A government can make Bitcoin transactions harder to occur by forcing ISPs to actively block Bitcoin node IP addresses.  It hasn't started happening yet but a really aggressive government clamp down could have a negative impact on ease of use and paired with  means you'd have to use additional techniques to hide from the government (e.g. Tor).  I can easily see countries who already strictly control Internet content and access being able to make Bitcoin transaction processing a real challenge.  China is going to extreme lengths to identify who is doing what on the Internet there...get identified as a Bitcoin user and your social status in their digital policing system could automatically penalize you...that technology is going to be for sale to any dictatorship or paranoid anti-bitcoin country and poof your wallet is much harder to spend from.
I agree with many people who've said this before.  Bitcoin is speculative.  Buy what you can afford to lose and keep it.  Maybe none of these threats will ever come to fruition and Bitcoin will be the currency of the Internet.  Just invest with an understanding that with this new technology comes with risks that we can't really claim are fully understood and mitigated especially in the future.
@_date: 2019-02-11 12:31:12
This is entirely false.  Bitcoin proof of work requires electricity which costs FIAT, not Bitcoin.  Therefore the FIAT value of Bitcoin must exceed its cost to mine.  If the FIAT value of Bitcoin drops below where it is profitable to mine, miners will drop out, and if the value of Bitcoin continues to drop, so will the number of miners.  To the point where all the idle hardware could easily be orchestrated into a 51% attack and poof Bitcoin is no more.
Bitcoin is still speculative at this point in time.  It may be successful in the long run or cryptocurrency may fade into the past...slowly and painfully.  If you refuse to see that risk you are in denial.  No one knows for sure and that by its very definition means that Bitcoin is speculative.  
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:44:46
This isn't always as good as you seem to think.  Take the European Union as an example.  The Euro was introduced in 1999 and is controlled by a central European Government in Brussels that taxes and sets economic requirements on participating countries within the EU.  Countries that economically produce more per capita (e.g. Germany) have a surplus of Euros - that in general make their population richer over time.  Whereas countries like Greece are not nearly as productive per capita and they continuously run an economic deficit.  Greek citizens over time become poorer and poorer as compared to their fellow EU German citizens because the Euros flow from low to higher productive countries.
Because Greece gave up their Dracma when they joined the EU .. their economy is economically locked to Germany in a way that is completely unsustainable.  The EU has had to continually bail out Greece because there's simply no way for Greece to compete.  There's no amount of Greek tourism that is going to compete against the value produced by German manufacturing.
Bringing this to the context of BTC, a BTC to a person in Greece is going to become far less attainable over time than a BTC to a person in Germany in exactly the same way as the Euro.  It is one currency applied to different locales.   A global currency like BTC will enable the high output economies to succeed and will crush the lower output economies in the process.
Therefore I don't think BTC will ever become as widespread as people here seem to think because of these real-world differences.  BTC will hold value similar to the way gold does I agree.  But almost no one in the world trades gold for goods and services directly.. if you hold gold today, you convert it to Fiat and then purchase goods and services.  That conversion is what adjusts for local economic production.  
How much BTC do you expect a 20 year old in Greece (or Italy) who can't get a job is going to be able to save in order to play the BTC game? 
There is a role for FIAT in the world...and in our lifetimes it will remain a key way for economies to trade.  But thinking that BTC will become a world dominating currency ignores economic realities in how the world actually works.  And therefore, thinking that BTC is the path to riches is quite speculative... There's good reasons to think it will not have such a large impact on the world.
@_date: 2018-11-30 23:03:16
When I read Max's comments my conclusion is that the guy is a complete and total idiot... but to each their own!!!  Go Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-11-17 14:36:33
History  does not predict the future.
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:08:12
Wow a ton of red flags here....  he has bankrupted his customers 5 times.   5 TIMES!  THAT IS INSANE.  I'm sorry but that disqualifies him as a crypto evangelist.....
@_date: 2018-11-30 22:56:33
Please complete Max's statement.... 
" Bitcoin is the monetary black hole that will gobble up all fiat and rise to more than $100,000 doing it. But humans themselves may never see that day.
I have more faith in BTC than I do in humans surviving the ecological holocaust we’ve triggered with our collective stupidity. Bitcoin might only be used by our robot successors. Ironically, they don’t care about price."
Uh .. anyone planning on a lambo should take notice.. it is likely you'll be dead before this occurs.  Not quite the long term investment strategy most people think about.
@_date: 2018-02-12 12:05:14
Pure [Survivorship Bias](
@_date: 2018-12-01 01:08:29
Can't wait for the day that my Bitcoin gets handed down to my robots.  The fact that this is even in someone's conscious mind spells trouble to me.