@_author: forthosethings
@_date: 2018-01-03 22:36:58


This is untrue. Just saying.
@_date: 2018-01-31 21:49:08
I think you might be thinking of paypal here.
I can assure you there's nobody who can seize my bitcoins. They might seize my house or bank account, but not my bitcoins. Heck there's no way they could even be sure of how much I have.
That's kinda like, the whole point, man.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:16:57


Which of those got to &lt;10% of their 2007 value, again?
That's right. Your argument is complete, uneducated bullshit from someone who wants to "believe". 
As I said: your prerrogative. Let's see if you truly buy BTC when it gets there.
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:47:41


This actually detracts from your point, given that they too use the bitcoin name. 


Please don't try to gaslight me, or the community. Everyone around here, including the mod team, screamed bloody murder at absolutely all hard fork attempts before BCH actually went ahead and forked.


What exactly is it that you're claiming, then? That they're doing fraudulent advertising, and yet all their usage (as you said, at rougly 1/3 that of BTC's), and growth (quite a bit faster than BTC's) is fully organic, then? Please do make it clear, but this latter claim would seem a bit weirder to me for people to complain about.
I'm nothing if not open minded.
@_date: 2018-01-30 06:29:25
It's hilarious you're so emotionally distressed you felt the need to a) respond three times, and b) accuse me of being not a real, organic person with my own opinion and views, and c) downvote me (you know  it doesn't make me wrong, right?)). Isn't there a parallel somewhere with the whole BCH fork?
I'll reply here to everything


This in itself is a more complex question. If they were attempting to confuse people into believing they were BTC, then the answer would be unquestionably yes. If, however (as I see things from what they're claiming), what they're doing is laying claim to the Bitcoin ideal, ie: "a p2p electronic cash system", a currency to let the unbanked be their own bank, to allow everyone to participate in the global economy despite borders and oppressive governments, then I honestly don't see why BTC should have an automatic monopoly on that, or what authority does it claim for it. It seems your argument for BTC to claim such things is based on nothing but authoritarianism, but that's completely against the cypherpunk ideals bitcoin was founded on.
If BTC is undisputably the superior p2p electronic cash system, it should have absolutely nothing to fear from BCH, and, indeed, you would regard it in the same way you regard Bitcoin Gold. But you don't regards it as such, and it's mighty telling. And you get terribly angry and call me a shill when I point out that you seem unable to point out the actual difference between Gold and BCH in the way they're marketed, and yet, you double down on it.
This is what blockchain tech brought us; permissionless systems. I understand for some people, going running afoul of the "authority" **feels** dishonest and scammy, but you must realize this is your preconditioning, and your fear of change. There is no reason BCH should anger you so if you truly believed BTC to be superior.
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:15:06
I'm sorry, but no, are you smoking crack?
It takes several weeks, between 4 and 6; but I haven't started new nodes from scratch for a while now.
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:00:19
Rpi3 is certainly different than the much more common rpi2.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:45:59
Yeah this already happens to some extent. Companies like BitFury are attempting to make it mainstream though.
But yeah, this is one of the problems associated with public ledgers. Chain analysis is trivial, and I suspect at some point true fungibility will depend on privacy.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:09:47


Ah, I see. Yes, you are correct, I had failed to see a corrupt government intervention as a legitimate market force.
But on its face you're right: this has happened at least once.
@_date: 2018-01-17 05:59:01
RaPis are a standard HW, with a standard OS, and certainly the single piece of Bitcoin SW.
I'd say a claimed difference of 4-6x n initial sync can't be explained by simple variability.
@_date: 2018-01-20 18:33:08
Lol. Do let us know.
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:51:14
I'm unaware of such an effect having taken place? Do you have some sources to share?
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:25:41


That's because assets do not "go on sale". Most kinds of assets in the history of economy, when they've dipped to &lt;10% of their once value, endup going to shit. 
But by all means, if it happens, feel free to buy 10x as many bitcoins as you could today. A lot of people would actually thank you.
@_date: 2018-01-31 04:33:01
Regardless of how smart we believe them to be, we now know the subpoena was delivered in December, and they've printed a shitloAd since then.
Doubling down is exactly what they are doing.
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:08:56


You mean, like they just did?
@_date: 2018-01-07 09:51:42


I'm sorry, this is false on its face. Multiple Core Devs have started on numerous occasions they consider Bitcoin Core to be a reference client, going as far as using that reasoning to justify not having ever made a reference specification.
I can agree more or less with the rest of your post, although in this case it is false since Kraken have stated their in-house created system stores addresses as bech32 internally.
Calling bitcoin companies lazy doesn't help anyone. I understand the "unpaid Devs, nobody should ask for anything!" reasoning, but that too is inconsistent with the reality of the situation: regardless of their claims, it's next to impossible for any external contributors to get their PRs accepted for anything except extremely menial stuff, like translations and shit. 
So we're in a situation, where some companies truly want to wait for Core to incorporate changes before doing so themselves (because they've stated they're "a reference client", and the cost of a company getting a feature "wrong" according to that reference is that they'd need to do it all over again), but when they point this out to their clients/rabid people on Twitter, and someone points out that it's Core's fault, then THEY'RE called out ungrateful abusers for demanding such things out of unpaid devs. But then if these companies wanted to put a team on bettering the reference implementation, they find that getting into the nasty world of the Dev mailing list allows them to understand that they'll never be allowed to touch such code.
Meanwhile, this is a hugely finamcially important project "IRL", and it's all stagnated, and all these companies only develop their in-house software for themselves. In every single other industry built around FOSS, private companies profiting from the project actively contribute to the codebase of the project.
So now I ask you: why do you think bitcoin is different in this regard? Could it be that coincidentally ALL the bitcoin companies are just selfish like that, and even stupid, given the proven and unquestioned benefits that all the other companies from all those other projects are seeing with cooperation?
Our perhaps we can start coming to terms that something else is going on in Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-01-23 12:44:12
Jesus christ forgive me for going to bed while someone responded.
See my response, and perhaps contribute.
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:55:02


Actually, there **is** a floor to the cost of bitcoin mining. Yes, hobbyists might take up mining if the price drops ridiculously; but they could be doing it at a net loss, like miners did in 2010 for the most part. 
My main point was to say that it's ridiculous that the mining investment and energy expenditure created a floor to the price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:51:16


Exactly this idea, plus interoperability, is exactly what some other coins built for massive scalability are attempting to do. It's promising tech, just unproven.
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:18:22


Even if they could (which they can't: what makes you think I even got them at an American exchange, or even an exchange at all?)...
Yes, exactly. There's nothing they could do even if they knew how many BTC I have.
I ask again: were you unaware that this was kinda the whole fucking point? What did you think uncensorable meant?
@_date: 2018-01-23 06:12:25
Yes, yes one can googlr it in 10 seconds, [something you havem't done](
10/07: 27$ (highest)
11/08: 13$ (lowest)
Could you please explain this drop to 10% you claim is so easily googleable?
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:57:54
I'm forgetting nothing. Bitcoin as it stands is an asset; it's not a magic financial instrument impervious to market forces. What you describe has been tried in the past on counted occasions, but to my knowledge it has never prevented a doomed asset from crashing to zero. It's a strategy deeply rooted in psychology; because on it's face the logic of "putting more money into it to prevent it from crashing" doesn't make a ton of sense.
Regardless, what you talk about has not much to do with what we were discussing.
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:11:59




Forgive me for confusing what your point is, considering "your point" seems to switch depending on what I'm pointing out. I also don't imagine you insisting on callind it "bcash" has anything to do with the fact that it's got "bitcoin" in the name, and that bothers you, does it?


How so? So when "the past" directly contradicts your narrative, it's "in the past and irrelevant"? How does that even work?


I made no claims. I asked **a question**, trying to pinpoint what your actual claims are, since you continue changing them. A question you're conveniently failing to address.


"I'm no puppet, no puppet. You're the puppet!".


Fun stuff. I've never claimed such things.
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:45:53


Threads like this make this a hard argument to make.


This argument requires us to believe that most people using BCH would be stupid enough not to realize they're actually using something different than BTC. Again, I find an extremely difficult position to defend. 
It's fine not to support BCH. What's not OK is to try and pretend that all the anymosity for it stems from this ridiculous assumption that people are unbelievably stupid, and that the whole BCH value proposition boils down to try and con people into "buying the wrong coin". Heck from where I'm standing it seems the BCH community are proposing it being used for actual commerce, while the prevalent message on the bitcoin community is "HODL no matter what". Really different messages really.
@_date: 2018-01-23 06:19:37


Did I claim the world ended? 
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:12:40


You're moving the goalposts. i was speaking of no such thing. But just as a corollary, I don't know anything of this "organic, decentralized" bitcoin you speak of.


That's a fine opinion; just not one backed by substantive evidence, nor what we were discussing.
@_date: 2018-01-21 09:40:13
You seem terribly concerned with what people from other cryptocurrencies might say or do. Just saying, take a step back.
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:09:08


Yeah, I'm sure you being unable to argue without continuing to resort to logical fallacies shows that. 
Cool story man. Bitcoin is totally like manufactured drugs!
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:02:21
You are hilarious with your faux-news view of the world.
Amurica number one country in the world! No mind what the evidence says about literally everything else! Because we have freeduuum!
Like, seriously. Have you even ever traveled outside the US?
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:10:50
Read the full sentence next time, and actually fully parse the grammar.
@_date: 2018-01-23 07:09:45
[I'm seeing a maximum of 79$ on 09/99]( and a minimum of 6.98$ on 10/01. It may be due to my inability to zoom further in on mobile, but sure, that fulfills my &lt;10% requirement, so consider the exception granted.
I'd punctualise some things (&gt;2 year bear market, so not exactly a dropping off a cliff, an already robustly-set company with a developed business model, etc), to help delineate the few conditions under which I could potentially consider a drop to 10% a "bargain opportunity", but I think that's enough for now.
Will you agree at the very least that a vast, vast majority of BTC's value ATM is purely speculatory?
**Edit: not so fast**
**Amazon had a stock [split in september 99]( and I'm not certain at all this is accounted for in the graph.**
So I take it all back and continue to claim truthiness on this topic until someone can show me that the stock split wasn't a huge source of this devaluation.
@_date: 2018-01-14 15:36:35


Forgive me, but I'm not understanding what part of it all "can only really be a good thing", or why.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:38:48
Thanks! 
RemindMe! 2 weeks "is the node synced up yet?"
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:54:31


I'm sorry but this is pure fantasy. There is no floor value in bitcoin, and if its market value ever went below mining profitability, it would simply cause some miners to shut down.
These "emperor's New clothes" economic theories on bitcoin are getting ever more ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-01-21 09:42:43
To allow it to be a softfork rather than a hard fork.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:18:42




So can you -demonstrate- it? As of this comment you haven't demonstrated that you actually can. You seem to be unaware of the difference between actual evidence and logical fallacies.
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:38:37


But... You literally just argued that? A subpoena doesn't mean "they're caught", just that they're investigated. If they're gonna go down, it ctually makes all the sense in the world to ramp up their shit up until the day they're stopped.
@_date: 2018-01-23 06:14:22
From the top: read the full sentence again.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:39:13
will you do us the favour and let us know if you start up a new node with a RasPi, whether it'd take merely 10 days to sync up? Thanks.
@_date: 2018-01-31 04:33:59
If only there were some way to prevent Botcoin from being seized against the will of private key holder...
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:28:16


I assume you're referring to the EDA? I'd be hard pressed to consider that a measure of anyone's skill, and yet you herald this matter as proof-positive and irrefutable of some painfully evident "lack of skill".


Those words... I don't think they mean what you think they mean.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:45:02


I'll bet you anything I'm an earlier adopter than you are (late 2010), and have never sold off my holdings. 
Please stop trying to No-True-Scotsman everyone who doesn't parrot what the thought police decides are the correct thoughts to have. 
I can be a huge bitcoin believer/supporter and at the same time be realistic about where it is right now in its history. And forgive me, but pretending that RIGHT NOW, right when the network is mostly unusable and businesses are dropping it left and right it's "experiencing a technology adoption S curve" as opposed to damned-near-complete speculation, is a bit more than wishful thinking.


Well figure that. A stock's performance isn't measured by its current price point, never. People HAVE, and will continue to, lost massive amounts of money, but we don't have to be accomplices to that. 
And lately this is what this place has become. The front page is littered with hodl memes. Price goes up? great news! Price goes down? Great news! Price remains stable? Obviously it's great news and a sign of maturity. People who complain about fees are idiots, and anyone talking about any other alt is a shill/bot/attacker that doesn't deserve the holy grace of owning BTC, even if it's just in an exchange (because obviously moving it would cut into the holdings).
This is all ridiculous, and you're not personally responsible for it obviously, but I'm genuinely tired. Your denial is mighty representative, though, that much is clear.
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:44:28
Go troll someone else, thnx.
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:58:22


Yes there is, and it was my single point in response to yousr. That the analogy is false. It's interesting because you said LN "provided the Bitcoin protocol caching capabilities", when it fact it's **the complete opposite**.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:49:26
When was it predicted, and by whom?
Serious question, not sure if you're using a matter of speaking, or someone literally predicted this would happen. I'm curious as to what the supposed mechanism is.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:01:30
Not an issue at all. You seem to be confusing addresses (technically, the private/public keys pair), which are atemporal, with the blockchain, which of course follows a temporal growth.
The only "issue" with pre-fork wallets if that you can't point segwit transactions to them, but I'm sure you knew that.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:51:23


Username checks out...
@_date: 2017-12-24 16:46:54
How surprising, going back to personal attacks when you're unable to counter with facts. It's almost as if... No wait, indeed I actually predicted it.
Good day man. Hope someday you're not left scratching your head wondering how your bitcoin holdings are worth pennies.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:59:58
You can believe in the more implausible conspiracy theories. I personally don't think there's any bank right now that's actually devoting funds to hamper the development of bitcoin by going on news shows to talk ill of it, especially when it would be far, far cheaper to devote the same money to attack the network itself (sorry to say it, but it really is vulnerable, and the current clients are flimsy and very succeptible to DDoS) and make its reputation crumble.
I prefer to believe there's at least some truth in what they're saying. And honestly, if you don't believe a MASSIVE correction is incoming, you're not only a fool, but you're exposing yourself to losing a lot of money. 
The last time this happened there were links to suicide hotlines on the front page.
@_date: 2017-12-24 10:10:27






Lucky for you I'm not claiming any conspiracy. I'm just stating 2 facts: a) BlockStream and ChainLabs together have hired ALL of the developers that do any kind of meaningful contributions to the Core codebase (because Van Der Laan is the only one who gets to decide what gets commited, since they ejected Andreesen under false pretenses, a commit access he had gotten due to HAVING OPENED THE GITHUB REPO FOR BITCOIN HIMSELF, and that he shared with Satoshi himself when the project wasn't on Github still); and b) I'm offering as CORROBORATIVE PROOF of that fact (that's true regardless, and easily checkable if you so much as bothered going to the GitHub stats page and checking for yourself), the challenge that you've completely ignored regarding the "openness and fair and technically merit-based process that is the BIP". So I'll repeat it to you: Please show me a single BIP from the last 3 years that ended up being implemented into the bitcoin protocol that WASN'T proposed by one of those people in that list. It should be fantastically easy, given that Core is supposed to be "a decentralized entity with no leaders, based on consensus, that has hundreds upon hundreds of developers". 
Right? Do you agree that it  should be easy? Why do you completely ignore whole points, especially when you "take a breather" in order to think through these points in depth? I gotta say, in this aspect I'm very dissapointed with your unwillingness to reach logical conclusions given the information and FACTS that you're being presented. But moving on.


Cool, I'm not trying to. This is another red herring. Stop trying to deviate from the subject at hand, please, as you're wasting my time, as well as yours by distracting yourself from the uncomfortable things (given only due to the position you're taking of denying reality) you need to be thinking about to discuss this matter.


"Network security" is one of the things Hearn worked at at Google, which is something you would know if you would have so much as bothered to google about it. Another thing he worked on? Large-scale scalability of networks. Nothing to do with bitcoin, no sir! Andreesen has a position in MIT to research Blockchains, and Garzik's background in RedHat and the Linux Kernel Project also relate to security. You're using his work everyday if you use a linux computer or have an android phone. 
And again, you're failing to mention the reverse point I also touched on, which is that the people who are left on the Core team are very much much NOT at the top of their fields, and they certainly weren't either when they got into bitcoin. Let's talk some resumes! If you can come up with something half-decent...


YEah, about that... I also used to think that, until I started seeing a lot of them doing some things very, very contrary to the cypherpunk manifesto (have you even read it, BTW?): making empty legal threats towards people they didn't agree with (the Bitcoin Classic when it was about to hardfork, for one, and later on towards miners when they also expressed their desire to HF into SW2x), advicing people to use their credit cards instead of the bitcoin network, MOTHERFUCKING DOXING PEOPLE... Yeah, these people might have called themselves cypherpunks at one time, but they definitely are not such now. 
Again, anything you doubt about anything I'm saying, you can just ask for a source, and I will gladly provide it. I've been a long time on this space, and contrary to you, I've seen the deterioration that bitcoin has suffered, and the shift from its original goals.


Again, not sure why you feel compelled to speak about people that have never been a part of this discussion, and have absolutely nothing to do with Core, the Bitcoin Project, or the problems Bitcoin is currently experiencing. It's obvious you imagine to be on some opposite "team" from what you perceive me to be, but I happen to have quite a few bitcoins, my skin is very much in this game. Please stop introducing irrelevant distractions that serve for absolutely nothing.


You made a claim, I asked for a source, even if it's them merely mentioning it. But, unsurprisingly at this point, AGAIN you're completely ignoring a major question of mine, which was simple enough: how can you defend the notion that having a lot of money (even if we assumed this to be the case), would protect them from being corrupt?
During this whole comment I've had to dedicate myself to repeating the exact same points I've made on the previous one, due to your tendency to a) ignore important questions, and b) not really truthfully address the few points that you don't ignore. I don't want to continue doing this. Take as much time as you need, and research whatever topics you're not familiar with (which should be your first clue that you don't have a complete picture about this), and then get back to me answering all these points truthfully, and in a logical and consistent manner; because I have no intention to continue repeating myself over and over, or indeed "debating" with someone who isn't truly debating, but merely repeating back talking points he's heard around this sub in the little time he's been a part of the bitcoin community.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:03:17
Why is it false? The fees ARE continuing to grow.
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:18:22


This act of yours, it's hilarious. The accusations against Manafort, for one, are among many others "conspiracy against the US". And he's already cooperating by stating he did so under orders from the trumps.
But all of this is publicly available, so now I'm left to wonder whether you genuinely dont get this. Or perhaps you believe all of this to be "fake news" Trump's favorite Stalinist measure, now that you brought him up?
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:12:44
Fact: Snowden specifically chose to forgo using WL to publish his impactful leaks.
Fact: snowden has publickly criticized WL for their careless release of documents.
You do remember this is what we were discussing?
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:53:18


No offense, but you seem to be willing to derail the discussion into something we weren't discussing.


Oh, so a bank, basically. Perfect. Except with my current bank I can already do this, for free. So I guess I'm not really seeing how this is useful, nor the decentralised, trustless, and censorship-resistant substitute to on-chain transacting that the LN was promised to be?


Have I missed a paper or other kind of research detailing this? Because from all I know, the scaling roadmap from the *other* people hasn't really been demonstrated to be impossible and, AFAIR, all the research that **has** been done on the subject hasn't come against on-chain scalability in the immediate term. 
You were debating a very specific point regarding LN and its relationship to the blockchain using a false analogy. I pointed out how the analogy was not only false, but the complete opposite of what you claimed it to be. Can be get back on topic?
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:44:33






So let me get this straight: an external group of developers and large economic players agree almost unanimously on a moderate increase for 6 months later, and it's all "too rushed, too badly done, hurts decentralization"; but apparently "a central group of developers of my choosing should have been ready for an immediate release of exactly the same technical improvement, in around the same timeframe"???
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:31:58
Ah, I see. You merely lost access to it. 
Well I do see what you mean, and you're not completely wrong (although your "situations where you would'nt have access to your number", don't really happen in first-world countries with consumer protection laws); but at the end of the day, and forgive me for this: but this was completely a failure of your own security procedures. Allow me to explain:
You go on to rail against "trusting 3rd companies for security that can lock you out"; but what you lost from "that company" (in this case the phone company) was a **backup access way into your account**. Yeah, it sucks you lost that access, but, had you done what you insinuate should be done in your rant, ie: taking charge of your own security and backup measures, it seems you would not have been better prepared for it, would you?
And speaking of, given we're talking crypto here, I hope someone who's been giving so much thought to security needn't be reminded about the irony of "losing access to an exchange account" when it's the antithesis of what crypto is supposed to stand for.
All that said, please understand I do feel for you. It's just you seemed to be selling an idea that something was wrong security-wise, and the one who failed was you.
@_date: 2017-12-13 09:53:54


Oh yes, by all means tell the person who does research for a living how statistics ought to work.
I didn't say my issue was with the sample size. More with the dample selection criteria, and for accounting for systemic biases. But then again I don't imagine the person who published the survey also published details about their methodology, did they?


Ah, here it is. Too kyou long enough.
No thanks, I've been on this sub (and in bitcoin) far longer than you have, so despite its glaring problems, for me at least, leaving isn't a way to deal with it.
But please, carry on telling me how this massive majority of bitcoin users are in reality hodlers, in spite of how the massive, non-speculatory-related economy its built around itself, suggests completely opposite.
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:37:50


Did you forget to add an /s there? Let's leave aside BCH for a moment; are you honestly, here, on a public anonymous forum, saying that "IOTA represents a technological innovation that deserves to continue on a price surge"???
This is maddening.


So what happens when newbies listen to you, buy into all these shitcoins, and the exact opposite of what you're saying comes to pass? Bitcoin Gold is also positioned within the top 10 and is holding its own for the moment... are you proposing this is also proof positive of the "innovation" they're bringing to the market?
Will you take any kind of responsibility for doshing out this completely unsourced and unresearched advice?
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:11:35


Yuuup. And they'll be followed by convictions. 


Are the indictments a lie? Help me understand what part of it exactly is a lie.
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:58:11


Are youfor real right now? The indictments that've already been done when the investigation isn't even over?
Nothing substantial? Jesus, Trump Jr confessed of collusion.
Some people just won't see what's in front of their eyes.
@_date: 2017-12-24 10:27:20


The low fee transactions aren't the reason your tx hasn't confirmed, if it had an adequate fee. Please understand this, and understand that there's no need for a dark conspiracy or an attack for the mempool and the fees to be what they are today. 
It's in fact the design that was set out to be. Maxwell confirmed it himself yesterday [that the current state of affairs re: the mempool and fees, are exactly what the current team set out to achieve](


indeed producing activity levels that can pay for security without
inflation, and also producing fee paying backlogs needed to stabilize
consensus progress as the subsidy declines.
I don't know if you have a right to be angry or not (but this plan has been stated numerous times by the team for more than a year and a half now); but if you are, at the very least don't misplace that anger into non-existing conspiracies.
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:20:25
Curious about where you've seen evidence of this happening. 
Is your thesis that evildoers are paying &gt;$29 transactions to spam the network, and that they're doing these by the thousands? Seems a little hard to believe to me.
What is it so hard to believe about Bitcoin, being in the midst of the most stupendous rally of any asset I can think of, is experiencing a high transaction demand due to people wanting a piece of it?
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:47:33


Oh wonderful! Care to share it? I did miss it. We can talk from a factual basis then.


I'm sorry you feel that way. I'm a bit confused as to what you mean by this, given that it was you who attempted to get me to leave this sub (and you to your ideas with the people you agree with), implied I was ignorant in my understanding of "statistics and surveys", and outright accused me of "having a narrative". I'm sure you've heard of the psychological phenomenon called "projection", have you considered this may be what's going on here?


Is it? Not by my count. Of course I can't force you to continue debating if you feel emotionally compromised by this discussion ("you so mad", as you so eloquently put it); but I WILL point out the curiosity of this reaction of yours coming precisely when I'm attempting to bring the discussion over to the realm of facts.
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:02:06
Agreed. Zero respect for him and his org left.
And to think I once admired him for his bravery and what he was doing for the world...
It turns out the right way to "leak" secret info is to find reputable, life-long journalists who'll put in the hours of research and disclose the information responsibly, instead of just giving it to an org who has publicly admitted to withold information "as insurance", and time releases "for maximum effect".
Snowden, at his young age, had the foresight to do it the right way, and he turned out to be right. His "leaks" turned out to b3 much more impactful on the world scene than all of what WL has done, funny enough.
@_date: 2017-12-30 10:18:17
I'm interested in the details... Yeah, SMS is generally less secure as compared to a well-built TOTP app; but still, geting pwned while using SMS 2FA, would require either extremely poor phone security on your part (phone riddle with malware that has been given some privileges), or a targeted attack.
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:43:30


But... this is simply false. Lightning nodes need to be online to process payments, and the routing is the thing that keeps it from being a truly distributed network; both qualities are vastly superior in the base bitcoin protocol; where routing is truly decentralised, and caching actually exists, to the point where transactions can paid to wallets that have never been online.
I'm sorry, but you seem to be deeply confused about what lightning actually is and how it works.
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:55:37
They don't release everything they get.
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:26:13


I must have missed this. Can you link me to a source that claims as much? 
Here's the kicker though: even if you were right, that'd still comtradict your claim.
But you're not; thr insurance files contain specially damning info to the point it served to literally ensure the WL staff would not come to harm to try and prevent the publishing of something relatively less damning.
I think you're aware when they published thr aghfan papers, they didn't amount to the 400gb of their insuramce file.
You DO know this?
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:21:26
No, but releasing just (what turned out to be minor incomparison) leaks about a particular political party, during election times, and witholding those about the other one, in what turned out to be a huge foreign government campaign to subvert the elections (I hope you're not disputing this at this point in time?), Is rather fucking damning for a supposed impartial, apolitical organization.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:51:19
People who invest in green energy, myself included, are quite rather sure that it's the absolute future, with the current energy system irremediably going the way of the dinosaurs.
I imagine people who invest in coins without energy waste believe similar things, whatever the reality might be.
Which is to say: they're not irrational investments at all. You might be referring to charity, but that's a different thing that has no expectation of ever seeing returns. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 12:13:33


Because I'm not a trader. And I don't need the money. I haven't divested from BTC, but if push comes to shove and something catastrophic happens suddenly, I'm more than hedged with the tokens I was awarded in the HF.
For the moment I plan on continuing to hold, but this shit (meaning this place) gets to me. For instance:


Where on earth are you getting this from? You don't honestly believe the few dozen (at most) people you've read on here that unprovably claim to "be in it for the long term", actually comes even close to representing "such a huge percentage" to the [estimated 3 million active users]( do you?
Particularly when the myriads of services and companies built around bitcoin (being transacted) strongly goes against this thesis of "just holding for the long term". Come on, where's your perspective?
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:52:05
Beer here, so no judgement here.
@_date: 2017-12-23 12:35:08


All of what I said is factual, feel free to ask me for sources for any of the claims you don't believe to be true. I think it's quite telling that in your previous comment you asked me to rebut, and the moment I do, you launch on a tirade of personal attacks, calling me triggered, conspirational, and for some reason, speaking about another altcoin (that you sound pretty scared about, TBH, not sure why, or what it's got to do with anything we were discussing). 
I thought you wanted an open discussion on the subject, and I'm offering that. Whether you take up the offer is up to you, but please don't insult me, nor my intelligence by simply moving the goalposts.
And if you don't take up the offer, at the very least consider why that might be, that the prospect of having a truthful and facts-based conversation about the current state of the bitcoin network causes you such anxiety.
@_date: 2017-12-30 10:24:07
There are other authentication apps that allow easier/more redundant backup options. I recommend you do a bit of reading into the whole TOTP and 2FA in general before commiting to a single app.
@_date: 2017-12-25 18:13:53
If you're in doubt, know that you don't have to do anything with them; they're not going to self-destruct on you, and they're a nice hedge for your crypto portfolio.
Spend some time trying to learn what it's all about, and then decide for yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-27 10:39:15
This is unnecessary for seed words. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:48:46


And yet, what you lost with that single phone in Vietnam, was both the 2FA method, **and** the backup means towards achieving or disabling 2FA; the phone number onto which to recive the SMS message.


I do both; cloud backup for convenience, but I have my own seeds backed up in my own devices which is independent of any cloud or company, and uses only FOSS (syncthing). This holds true for both my password manager's data and my TOTP app.


I agree, but that's why I avoid companies that only do SMS 2FA (except for my bank; but then again I have physical access to my bank in case something goes wrong). And you're right, the vast majority of people are not security-literate to understand all of this, but that's not exactly what we're talking about here.


Well, then you **had** a backup security measure in place, so that's fantastic! Regardless of your slip in adversarial thinking, you had the correct mechanisms in place.


For a non-anonymous service, I sure fuck hope they're able to help you, given that they require you to identify yourself thoroughly in order to open an account. Depending on where you live, you could have gone the legal route to reclaim your assets (crypto) from this company if it wasn't an anonymous-setup kind of exchange.
A final note:


Not many I wager; but increasingly it'll become necessary as, in a world of crypto, we (hopefully) move away from a "service provider" model of assets and money-keeping, to one where you need to be your own security. Some companies are attempting to tackle this from a UX perspective, and they're making advances: LastPass is one such company, and I think so far they're achieving making all of this be very accessible to "regular users", as well as painless even for advanced users. 
Glad all ended well!
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:46:04
Stop following me around, however flattering it might be that you like going through my distamt history.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:19:44
Are you unaware of this whole [insurance encrypted torrents]( thingy?
How about [this one, are you also unaware of this event?](
Oh, [and this?](
I guess not. I guess you don't really know much about wikileaks except that you've read some headlines and saw that one video from those soldiers. Man.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:50:09


I've more than "minimally researched the technology"; and you're just wrong. Permit me to explain.


If I make a transaction today on any of a number of other cryptos (including the one this sub seems to hate with a passion) it "just works"; if I make a transaction on bitcoin today, even using SegWit, what I need to pay to get the txns through is tremendously large, and even it may or may not confirm for hours or weeks, depending on a variety of non-immediately-apparent factors.


In 2015, the main LN devs were claiming "it would be ready not 6 months from then". A few months ago it would be "about a year and a half away". That's not only "not too distant future"; it's also not very clear it'll happen at all. Yes, I've used the eclair wallet and played around on the testnet before you ask; but these devs continue to refuse to publicly address the issue of the ruting algoritm; or put another way, how the LN is even supposed to be truly decentralized and trustlss. Go ahead, try and ask any of them yourself; and I assume you know what I'm talking about given that you claim to be well researched on the subject (and I do consider the matter of the ruting algrithm, the very thing that's supposed to ensure it's true trustlssness and corship-resistance a-là mainchain bitcoin, to be of "minimum technical importance"). Rootstock's "trustless reverse peg on the blockchain" follows a similar story.
So please, enlighten me on how I'm so deeply ignorant so as to consider the issues of bitcoin more than "an imaginary temporary hassle that only imbeciles worry about", if you forgive my paraphrasing.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:00:41


It's the whole thing GP was debating with his ridiculous "caching" analogy. It was false, it was a lie.
If you want to defend LN, that's fine; I think it's a fine solution that will have its usecases (as long as on-chain becomes possible again; otherwise we're back on square one), but we cannot just make up bullshit and blatantly lie about it to push it forward. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:56:16
Feel free to counter. Low-effort comments like yours do nothing to inform people of this truth to believe to posses.
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:45:10


Back, when, exactly? Back in october when everyone here was proudly repeating "no2x" and everyone sported such a tag proudly on their Twitter, including the "leaders" in the community?
It's weird because nothing of what you argue technically is wrong, but it also wasn't wrong 2 months ago, when the exchanges and large economic players were screaming "we need more freaking headroom on those blocks, or else it all will go to shit". But back then (do you 'member? I 'member), all the way back in october, those big players were corrupt assholes trying to stage a coup and "sell off bitcoin's soul".
What you need to do, and pronto, is WAKE UP, and, first and foremost, realize that you were USED in a political campaign, for a given purpose. And then, you need to wake up to the fact that the same is going on right now, with this very thread.
Why do you think this thread is being allowed to remain, when you're speaking of creating an altcoin?
The narrative changes on a dime when it's needed, and you, who believe you've thought all of this up yourself, are being also used for this purpose.
I know I'll be downvoted to hell for this (at least), but a couple of weeks from now, when the Official Narrative becomes just this, and furthermore when they claim they "changed their mind by listening to the community", I hope those of you who downvoted me will remember this post predicting it, and will then perhaps dare to question what the heck is going on.
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:21:27
Please read the indictment yourself if you're so puzzled. I didn't make those words up.
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:39:15
Yeah all right, man. Genuinely heartbroken to see what this place has done to some people's perspectives.
Maybe I need a break.
@_date: 2017-12-13 06:02:19


Literally same issue as before. But yeah, surely I'm the one with a narrative.
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:34:27


This is false. There's currently a post on the other sub that I can't link here due to the rules, but you can go check it out. It's titled "Debunking: "Blockstream is 3 or 4 developers out of hundreds of developers at Core" 


Let's do a little experiment. Go through all the BIPs, and try and find me A SINGLE ONE proposed by one of the "devs" not currently hired by those 2 companies, that has ever ended up being implemented into bitcoin. I'll wait.


Your naiveté is endearing. No really. Find me that other info and then we can continue discussing this point.


This sounds a bit like nitpicking, but no they're not. None of them (excepting perhaps Wuille, Fields, and Van der Laan) have achieved a great deal of anything in their professional lives that's tangible. Maxwell seems to be a half-decent cryptographer, and he has a background in audio codecs and such, but nothing really outside of OSS projects. Ask him about his departure from Juniper, please!
You know who actually were (and continue to be) wold referents in their fields? The people that used to be the real Core team (it wasn't called that back then), that worked right alongside with satoshi, and that the current team either drove away with their toxicity, or outright ejected from their position under fraudulent premises: Andreesen, Hearn, Garzik. MIT, Google, RedHat. That's what "being at the top of their fields" means. But this is s different discussion.


LOL, please enlighten me. Some of them are notorious for not even having gotten into bitcoin at sub 1K. And the rest haven't disclosed anything. So please show me this, even though it's quite irrelevant, because, of course, your argument that "Rich people are shielded from corruption" Is the most stupid and naive thing I've heard in a while. Like, do you not even live in the world at all? Or are you a minor who doesn't understand politics at all? I'm not trying to offend you, I'm merely curious as how you'd arrive at holding that ridiculous belief that for some reason people with more money are less prone to corruption, let alone impervious.
So that's the breakdown of why I consider your claims to NOT be grounded in reality.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:00:43
I'm merely stating facts. You are alluding to nebulous excuses and false claims.
@_date: 2017-12-30 10:20:33
LastPass's own authenticator app (they have one, did you not know?) has a backup option for automatic backup and recovery to your lastpass account.
Seems a bit more convenient than your current setup, particularly given you already use LastPass.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:11:24


Firstly, it seems all they wanted was something obvious these "experts" couldn't foresee, and as I said, I expect now these "experts" will suddenly change their tune.
Secondly, it sounds like bitcoin is terribly, terribly centralized if its only this one group of people that hold the power to effect changes to the protocol.
And finally, about your "business interests"... It turn out there is A SINGLE company that has hired the most influential (the ones whose opinion matter to effect the changes) from this centralized group.
It's either one or the other, but your narrative doesn't pass the smell test.
@_date: 2017-12-24 16:56:18
RemindMe! 1 year "was right in not worrying about the current state of bitcoin and the direction the core team is taking it?".
@_date: 2017-12-25 18:11:06
Aight, time for some free engraving!
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:54:59
I don't know what went on in Snowden's head. I do know about hid actions, though. And he actively chose **not** to trust WikiLeaks with this information.
Draw your own conclusions.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:13:49


Funny how that turned out. It's Wikileaks that witholds information at their discretion. It's just that what they release is also done recklessly, do they don't even have that morality excuse going for them.
You can admire who you want to for whatever reasons. I'm discussing facts here.
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:43:31
ITT: people who can't handle being told how it is.
Any kind of realistic critique of what's going on becomes a thought crime.
Now apparently I'm shorting bitcoin... Or so I'm being told on this thread, because there's no possible other explanation for it.
No true Scotsman.
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:59:10


I see, so this is how you believe the burden of proof should work. Adam conveniently doesn't answer this question when gets asked about it, so this is actually my trying to "dig deeper". You're the person who's in the wrong here, I'm sorry to say, by repeating undisprovable calumnies against what has turned out to be a significant portion of the community.
@_date: 2017-02-10 22:00:51
You are not wrong (and I 100% agree that the "emergent consensus" feature needs to be thorougly tested and fixed if likely exploits are found); but your example requires such extreme circumstances, that the difference between the scenario that you describe, and a 51% attack, isn't very clear at all, excepting in perhaps the "intentions" of the miners. 
The actual likelihood of a 60-40 split is ridiculous, on account of the financial risk in ending up mining on the "eventually losing" chain. Miners who would be so crass so as to adopt so radically different EB values from the rest so as to cause this scenario, would be setting themselves up for extreme financial risk. Hence the reason the EB and AD values are published on every block, so that the consensus might continuously be readjusted all throughout the miner community far before anyone dared to build a block above the EB value of 40% of the network. This is doubly true for non-mining nodes. But this too is irrelevant in your scenario, because your scenario requires half of the miners themselves to be so stupidly risky so as to do this.
The reality of how a BU network might look like in the future, is one where the EB values would always be &gt;2-3x the "peak times" block sizes. 
It's interesting and very worthwhile to explore these "attack vectors" (even though your scenario isn't even that), but we also need to be honest about the financial incentives that drive bitcoin mining. And for your scenario to take place in a BU-dominated network, a lot more money than those 100k would have to be lost by the careless miners who engaged in such risky behaviour, so I'd feel pretty safe knowing their incentives align with mine.
This is how bitcoin works, even today. If we are to assume that miners don't care enough about such matters, then things like a 51% should have so worried that none of us should be able to sleep at night.
@_date: 2017-02-08 17:20:10
Couldn't have said better myself; and I have to say, this is one of the most level-headed things I've seen you contribute.
@_date: 2017-02-03 13:12:54


Listen, I hate to be guy who says this, but regardless of the technical merits of SegWit, whomever claims to be very surprised by the current stall in its signalling, must just not go anywhere else other than this sub to interact with the overall bitcoin community. From the beginning it was always very clear that SegWit would be a very contentious release.
So from PoV, but even if we simply take the last couple of weeks as to be very evident that there **is** a stalemate, I think it's fair to ask the question of why nobody has even announced they'd be working on a SegWit-less implementation of the LN.
Despite what you say, I believe it's naive to believe that for whomever establishes one of the earliest hubs (and the best-connected ones) like the kind the developing company would likely have an advantage in seeing up, there isn't a shitton of money to be made for the kind of massive scalability that the microtransactions market would bring. It certainly has to be a market within the same order of magnitude as miners' fees, but likely even more.
But to reiterate, things don't make sense. Regardless of it's true or not (and I don't know enough to know for sure), the message sent from this community to the world has been "do you want to solve the non-confirmation issues? Then ask your local pool to signal for SegWit so that we can enable the LN". So yeah, I'm surprised to see nullc suddenly reveal that it isn't really necessary for that after all.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:48:04
This should be the top comment, as nobody else here seems to understand the danger of anyone-can-spend transactions (which are a byproduct of Segwit's needing to be a hack to be able to be deployed as a soft fork).
To complete your commrnt even further, I'll also add that if at any point in the future the community decides to HF away from Segwit (eg: to create a better transaction format), all the Segwit transactions will become anyone-can-spend transactions, and Segwit users would be in big trouble.
So the 95% threshold should ensure 100% that the community will never want to get rid of Segwit, and as such, I consider it not sufficient.
A HF doesn't present these risks..
@_date: 2017-02-07 06:51:52


No, no you cannot. And you're misusing the term of "deduction"
@_date: 2017-02-07 06:50:37
This has been illuminating. Thank you.
@_date: 2017-02-05 10:00:30
Did you respond to the wrong comment? Because otherwise, you come across as supporting this stalemate, Jorge. "Yeah, these meetings are great!". Am I to undertand that you'd want more of them instead of honoring the agreements that have been made?
I'm sorry but I can't accept that as a good faith appeaser. You seem to be supporting a prolongation of the stalemate, while the network is veritably suffering. Please, let me be wrong about this.
@_date: 2017-02-08 17:16:56


Please forgive me if I'm missing anything, but the most notorious people who have stopped developing for bitcoin have done so either expressing their disagreement with the way decisions were made within it, or outright taken their commit access from them. I am unaware of any developers "pushed out" due to "community bullying". Could you provide some examples?
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:29:08


This is unbelievable. Lot of low-fee transactions? SPAM.
A few high-fee transactions? Intentionally clogging the network.
It's there any kind of behaviour on-chain that you'd consider "legitimate transactions"? Seriously, some people...
@_date: 2017-02-05 00:36:50
Regarding 1): ok, but why don't the rest of the devs get with the program, given that there's consensus for it? Honestly, it comes across as bad faith, given that it's literally their refusal to honor the agreement that's prolonging this stalemate.
And us as users should be demanding this of them. How does excusing them like this work? "Oh they're entitled to their opinion, so I guess that's that". What? No! They're entitled to their opinion, but they should be doing what's best for the ecosystem, and right now that involves honoring the agreement. Otherwise what business do they have pretending to be leaders for this project? 
Let's stop excusing them, and start asking them to do what's in their power to end this problem. No, denying the problem exists doesn't cut it anymore, and neither does to object on "techical merits" they've contradicted themselves on numerous times. They have the power to end this and they should. Otherwise, the BU project start looking like a downright practical, if not reasonable, solution.
@_date: 2017-02-11 09:59:59


Good thing that wasn't my argument then! I agree 100% that sticking with the current Core release forever would be super-safe than anything else, including updates from Core themselves. But we're discussing ways in which to scale. It seems you're inching closer to my ideal scenario where there simply wouldn't be a MAX_BLOCKSIZE value.


Yes there is; facilitating consensus. To mirror a phrase you've said elsewhere in your comment "your saying it doesn't make it true".


Because when arguments are made from authority, but then such authorities are left unreachable, inscrutable, and undebatable, the argument becomes unfalsifiable.


Well, when different camps make contradictory claims regarding game theory, and both pass them off as "common sense that requires no expertise" the way you're doing right now, it does become necessary for verifiable game theory experts to publicly join the debate.


I disagree.


Hopefully! Being more realistic, though, if at some point it becomes true this for-now fantasy that blocksize might come at odds with the at-the-time capabilities of hardware, the EB values will become extremely important (and easily agreed upon on a roughly conservative number) to prevent instability and the failure of the network, not to mention the possibility for attacks using inflated block sizes.


I have a different take on this, but at any rate this isn't what we're discussing. 


Miners enacted their own softcaps, yes. In a similar way to how BU intends to work. But the network always behaved (in terms of mempool-accumulation, a forced fee market...) as if there were none. 


I don't quite understand your argument here. There isn't enough data on the mempool to make a 1gb block, and even if activated this second, most BU nodes and miners have their EB set at 16mb. 


What? No! This is a rewriting of history. [Transaction volume had never exceeded 1mb up until a bit more than a year ago.]( Unfortunately, [the best chart to visualise this more fully, doesn't go more than a year back]( I will remind you that I asked for evidence, and all you did was repeat your claim. This is not how you convince me that you're in the right.


Again, please, proof. We were having such a rational debate up until now!


Well, that's up for miners to consider when they decide to HF, is it not? And yet, the signalling for BU is ever so slightly lower than that for SegWit. So clearly you must be missing something from this extremely simplistic picture that you're painting.


Oh you mean a Hard Fork. I'm not one who likes yellow re-nomenclaturization. Yes, that's how a HF works, the "minority" can choose to join the majority (which necessarily includes the economic majority, as you very eloquently put it), but they won't be forced to; and if they'll hold on to their belief of a forever-1MB consensus rule, they can continue mining and enforcing such rules, with no distractions or disturbances from others (excepting a malignant attack, which I absolutely would not favour, but that is nevertheless the risk of running with a little-hashpower chain, which is the whole concept underpinning bitcoin).
I really, really, am failing to see an issue with a scenario where everyone is allowed to choose what chain they want to run on. Surely you don't suggest that small minority should be willing to hold the rest of the network for ransom, do you?
@_date: 2017-02-08 17:13:55
This theory does not hold water. If it were true (and undoubtedly for a minority of people it is) in any meaningful way, the segment of the community "blocking" SegWit wouldn't be economically meaningful nor have any sway over miners. This is obviously not the case, so we must conclude this attempt at an ad-hominem is false.
Please stick to sound technical arguments; if we're to label those from the other sub as "conspiracy theorists", we mustn't engage in the same actions.
@_date: 2017-02-04 09:19:49
I'm sorry that you've ended up believing these things in the face of evidence to the contrary, I really am. Especially with such unfaltering conviction. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 22:50:27


This is not a good start for this debate. I'm sorry, but I was under the impression we were discussing a serious matter.


No doubt; but my point is that the EB values will always be far, far, safely superior to the actual blocksizes.


Certain people like to cite "game theory experts" without ever mentioning their names, and this is one absurd scenario. Miners wouldn't engage in this behaviour because the advantages are marginal for all the risk they bring, given the long difficulty adjustment period. Miners getting other miners on a losing network wouldn't be making more money, excepting for the very few instances where 2 blocks are found almost at the same time, at the huge cost of confirmation unreliability, and network instability **that threaten their livelihood**. Miners' revenues depends not only on the amount of blocks they find, but also on the price of bitcoin. Turning the network into an unstable, continuously-forking hellhole for these ridiculously small profits are completely opposite to the incentives of miners.


I'm sorry, but this is demonstrably false, by taking a simple historical look at block sizes from before the 1MB limit was being consistently hit. The current state of a fluctuating-yet-permanent mempool is not the way bitcoin functioned for the first 6 years of its life, and what do you know, it worked much better then. This is the kind of claim that requires extraordinary proof to convince me that the way the network has worked up until the limit was reached, won't continue to be the way it works once the current stranglehold on the blocksize is lifted.


I don't know what you mean by this, but those that are signalling for BU have stated that, indeed, they don't intend to fork until the signalling for it becomes very, very high. It's almost as if, indeed, their incentives make them want to avoid multiple forks at all costs! (despite your claims). Do you see how your claims throughout your comment contradict themselves at places?


My point is that once the HF is reached, the EB values will be set so high, that they will be *functionally* set to infinity. I think I've made that clear enough, and it completely nullifies your already longshot scenario.
@_date: 2017-02-03 10:17:56


I really think you should care, if this is true.


Do you have any insights as to why the LN isn't implemented in production anywhere? I think we all agree the scalability problem is pretty urgent (which is why you helped create SegWit); so if LN turns out to not need it after all, why hasn't anyone, anywhere, gotten it running yet? It surely can't be a lack of incentives, because there's definitely a lot of money to be made there.
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:25:01
You didn't merely quote Adam, though, you seconded him, which implies that you're privy to the information as he is. If you're not, then be frank about it, there's no shame in that. But this whole debate is already too complex and politicized without the constant hearsay and unfounded claims being repeated without bothering to ask yourself how much truth can be behind those claims. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 07:46:49
There is a responsibility when repeating information that you need to own.
If you think Adam is "too busy to substantiate"such important claims, go ahead and check his comment history about what he has been engaging in on the other sub. 
And no, I don't participate in the other sub, but that doesn't mean I'll mindlessly and without criticism accept and parrot everything that's sadly to often spouted here as well. I feel it's a sorely lacking attitude.
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:52:45


Who has coded the 2mb non-witnes data HF and released it?


Signalling isn't done by users.


You are being repetitive. We were discussing departing from the context that an agreement had been reached. 
I'm starting to doubt your honesty, honestly. I can't understand what's so awful about defending truth and morality like "yeah, it's awful that a reached-upon agreement isn't being honored on the part of Core". Even if it "breaks rank". I thought it was a decentralised project with a myriad of opinions? How come not one of them can bring themselves to make a simple statement of fact?
Seriously, if you will truly hold that Core believes the agreement was breached, you could make an annoumcement about it, so that the miners that are still holding up their end dom't contimie waiting for something that won't come.
 &gt; I'm mostly interested on finding out what is controversial about segwit, since I assumed everybody would like it. 
If this is an honest question Jorge, the information isn't hard at all to come by. It's as simple as making a new thread on the other sub asking about it. Yoi'd be surprised.
@_date: 2017-02-05 12:49:30
Luke, this is more than a bit disingenuous. And incorrect. I worry that if you continue spewing these sorts of reductionist aseverations, when the Fork does come (and the chances of it happening in the next few months seem to grow by the hour), you'll be caught having said all these things, and you won't be accepted into any new development team for bitcoin.
Be a bit humble, talk straight. Despite your quirks, your coding expertise can still very much serve Bitcoin in the long term. 
My opinion of you has been shifting lately, though, I have to confess.
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:38:19
Those implementations are really flying blind and taking huge risks by not following an specification. The core devs themselves claim that the Core client is a "reference implementation".
You don't know this yet, but you're really arguing for something that has long been asked of Core.
The current state of the bitcoin network is a nightmare by any distributed systems expert's standards.
And the problem isn't exactly BU.
@_date: 2017-03-15 16:21:36
This kind of slandering is shameful and beneath you. I would ask for a source but in information wars I could spend 100x the time it took you to make up that lie disproving it (such as pointing out that most node counters filter by IP to remove such false positives from stats), and it wouldn't matter for the people who've already read you and take you on your authority.
And you're counting on it. Shame on you, Maxwell.
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:16:12


You're not wrong, but you're describing an insane situation of having to support an insane hack of a transaction format forever for no good reason other than some people have deemed HFs dangerous, with arguments from authority.
Regardless what I described was exactly a SegWit rollback. Given the current political climate I don't think I could ever be sure this wouldn't happen.
@_date: 2017-02-09 07:49:14


I'm sorry, this is quite obviously false. But I understand how you might arrive at that conclusion if you use the reductionist, and frankly downright dumbed-down definitions of what hard and soft forking mean. I have not yet agreed to run a parallel witness blockchain by running my full node. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 21:36:14
Stratum servers would fall into the category of nodes in this instance, yes. I'm not sure **all** mining pools use the stratum architecture, but if they do, sure.
They aren't necessary for what I'm describing, mind you, and in my own setup I have a single internet-facing node that connects to my internet-innaccesible node-wallets. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 08:43:28
How do you figure this, with all their talk for a PoW and difficulty change in the event they end up a minority chain? 
If the Core devs would agree with the former statements, shouldn't they have said that **if** a majority HF happens, they'll release a new version of Core that follows the new consensus rules?
@_date: 2017-02-09 16:48:15
Oh, so basically, conveniently, you find it "not helpful to say who", But nevertheless you find it fit to make the unsubstantiated claim, and find it OK apparently that other people repeat it?
I'm sorry, but I can't accept that, even though I'm on "your side" in the scalability debate. These sorts of propagandistic dishonest wars need to end. Is it too much to ask for everyone involved to actually act professionally, particularly when that is what you explicitly claim to want to do, even if you then do the opposite? I'm sorry Mr. Back, but I did take a look at your thread on the other sub, and I found it lamentable. I genuinely think you hurt the cause more by stirring up dust, when you weren't willing to honestly converse with them. 
@_date: 2017-03-28 03:44:27
Do you not see your tribalistic reaction? You're **insulting** me because my painting "the enemy" as rational actors who simply disagree with the narrative on here threatens your view of them as "evil state sponsored attackers out to destroy bitcoin". Please note never did I say they were correct (that's not a debate I'm interested in).
This is the problem with all the toxicity here. You're being unable or unwilling to see the simplest possible explanation for people's actions. That's a huge handicap in life.
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:05:04


Honest question: provided flextrans is properly vetted and tested, why would this be something super important to do, as opposed to studying both proposals seriously on their merits?
FT enables lightning as well.
@_date: 2017-03-18 09:10:30
I have received no warning from Kraken. This whole thing is coming across as very unprofessional and weird, frankly. I'll reconsider my continuing being a customer.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:53:30
I made a very simple simple question, whether you were aware that bitcoin is a PoW blockchain. Your demagoguery is completely unnecessary. 
But more to the point, if you disagree with bitcoin's design, why don't you get involved with a crypto you agree with, then?
@_date: 2017-03-26 16:48:35
Complete non-sequitur, again. 
@_date: 2017-03-28 06:45:43
@_date: 2017-03-20 05:58:51
Heg look, now Todd is at it too! But no, even if they all agree individually it should never be construed as any kind of "threat".
@_date: 2017-03-15 07:37:47
You're deflecting. I think that's quite telling.
@_date: 2017-03-28 18:40:15
The point remains valid, and yet you focused on *that*.
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:25:44


Meaning what, coding up a client with their proposed changes? Because they're certainly not funding bussinesses dedicated to hiring up everyone with commit access to the project, they're not cozying up (or at least condoning) to a non-free forum, they're not doxing people, and they're absolutely not meeting behind closed doors with miners to have them sign a document promising not to run the other client, when they had already announced they would (and then proceed not to fulfil the terms).
You equating the two groups of devs sounds completely delusional, if you'll forgive a bit of hyperbole. Or at least mot very thought through.


I won't speak about inexisting scenarios, because, since I can't vouch for anyone I don't personally know. Maybe they will, and would oppose their actions then. But more than that, that sounds like a lousy, poorly thought-out defense, akin to saying "politicians gonna steal, so what". Seriously? 
@_date: 2017-03-25 10:59:58


If this is really true (and I'd like a source on that, BTW), in what capacity would any core Dev be attempting to contact a miner, and for what reason?
I was under the impression that the latest declaration was that nobody is in charge, and no single core Dev could even speak for Core as a whole. So if they don't have any power, over anything, what exact purpose would contacting a miner have?
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:17:39
Ripoff as compared to what? Transacting on chain? LOL no, bitcoin CCs seem like a downright bargain.
@_date: 2017-03-09 17:00:56
You're not wrong, but the analogy isn't quite correct if Clinton is the current Dev team in this story.
@_date: 2017-03-16 06:22:41
The denial is fascinating.
@_date: 2017-03-28 03:36:48
Jesus Christ you really don't get it, do you? Bitcoin's incentives model means they're one and the same. If bitcoin becomes even more successful long term, miners profits will grow as well. There's no conspiracy here. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 16:25:49


Uhm, just under 40% of hashpower, and rising. Whatever this attack was meant to do, it seems to have failed.
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:38:44
What do you call Luke Dashjr starting to code and test that very thing? Or is this the part where "nobody represents Core because it is a decentralised project"?
@_date: 2017-03-15 20:46:59
You **do** know how mining in big operations/pools work, right? 
The internet-facing nodes aren't the same ones doing the actual mining.
Jesus Christ it's frustrating trying to teach basic bitcoin stuff to people making claims from absolute ignorance.
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:12:30
Well you know, except it's not the BU camp supporting/ennacting authoritarian measures to get their way.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:52:21
Why does the story sound familiar?
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:20:54
Bitcoin wasn't designed to work like you described; perhaps you meant to speak of another cryptocurrency with PoS?
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:32:55
Your deflecting is really telling. I wish you were honest enough to have this discussion in an open manner regardless of "sides".
@_date: 2017-03-15 20:52:36
What part of this seems "instant" to you? Zoom into your graphs, people, the graph showing 2 years' worth of node data is bound to show anything in the sub-week timescale look like a straight line.
@_date: 2017-03-15 07:39:06


I completely disagree with this assessment of the situation. What's being overtaken over? The power a development team has over the direction of the project? How would that amount to "BTC being taken over"? It's *supposed* to be a decentralized, permissionless project, is it not?
@_date: 2017-03-28 18:38:56


What does this mean in concrete terms? I think a ton of people on both camps would agree that "it's been necessary" for over a year now. Even segwit's proposal arrived too late, so if this is the response, it hardly seems confidence-inducing.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:55:42


Could you in detail explain how this could possibly come to pass? I think I have a pretty firm grasp on how the consensus-seeking mechanism in BU works, and I don't really see how this is possible.
@_date: 2017-03-27 21:31:48
It blows my mind that the third -and simplest- option isn't even entertained by most people here:
That the people doing this genuinely believe this to be the necessary and best thing long-term for bitcoin. 
I don't get it. Conspiracy theories are not necessary. You might disagree with them, and even believe their reasoning is wrong... But this unwillingness to take people at face value, especially when their actions perfectly reflect their words, it's not rational. It can only be the result of some sort of misinformation campaign, I'm sorry.
@_date: 2017-03-30 18:58:01
I think you got the answer you were seeking from the people who support the SegWit scaling plan.
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:50:20




BU aren't the ones refusing to create a spec that defines the consensus rules. You have to look somewhere else to find the responsible people.
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:31:50
Not sure what you're trying to get at, you **do** know this bug was fixed and it was only because of this that Todd found out about it, and decided to publicize it before it had time to make it to packaging and distribution, right?
And yet, you're ignoring the actual road we need to get on to get there. Do you disagree that rigorous specifications and diverse implementations is the industry-standard and recommended security measures for decentralised networks?
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:19:50
I think everyone agrees this is the ideal we should aspire to. What's the best road to get there? If you asked any software development on distributed systems, they would tell you 2 things:
* a rigorous specification
* a diverse ecosystem with different implementations
Which one of these measures are you suggesting we adopt? Because judging by this thread, everyone here would have us go the exact opposite way than where we need to go.
@_date: 2017-03-29 13:22:32


IMO it's been not quite too amazin in the last year.


I find your proposal reasonable, but not very realistic in what would be achievable regarding the contentiousness of even a super simple HF.
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:26:16


That's not all he does, though, is it? [Threathening miners to stop supporting anything other than your code]( doesn't strike me to be very much in line with the cypherpunk ethos, and is certainly not "letting the code speak for itself".
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:47:42
I can't even deal with this level of denial. How's this: you made the claim, you provide the evidence that such an attack is possible? Things you'll need to prove:
* The transaction demand, and reasonable projections for the next few months
* That **any** of current miners won't be able to handke the upper bounds of that (let alone 20mb, lol)
* The bandwith cap bit, which I'm not sure what the point is, miners don't run oncapped dsl connections
* Projections for increased block relay times with current software (CompactBlocks and Xthin)
* Tbat 4mb paper which spoke of nodes, lol.
* The 1-2gb blocksoze for visa level troughputs claim
Anything else you might deem neccsesary.
I won't hold my breath, but I geg an idea of the level of evidence you guys run on.
@_date: 2017-03-26 16:47:37
See these responses, Bruce? This is why not making freedom of expression in the Bitcoin space a prioritary crusade was a huge mistake by big personalities in the industry at the time. 
I always appreciate your calm and rational responses, but I can't help but feel impotent seeing these things pan out. Cheers.
@_date: 2017-03-19 20:52:26
I'm sorry, but while a compelling narrative, in the real world this just isn't possible. By throwing increasingly large blocks, you might be able to knock off nodes running on raspberry Pi's, but not people running modern hardware with even 2017 home connections, let alone even the tiniest of miners. 
**All** miners today, by my estimation, can handle 100s of MBs blocks (more ljkely on the order of gigabytes), and in reality there won't even **be** a demand for such quantities of transactions for quite a while, if ever (to reach Visa-level throughputs we'd have "only" ~200mb blocks, IIRC), so I don't really see how your "attack vector" a) would work without booting every. Single. Non-mining node before booting even the smallest of miners in the first place, or even b) with what would they even fill such magnitudes of blocks to begin with.
This is a poorly thought-out non-attack that amounts to nothing but FUD. There may be a valid attack vector that miners can use with BU to "achieve full control", but this site as hell isn't it, and I consider it terribly dishonest to claim this is a ~~possibility~~ likelihood, without having so much as a plausible attack mechanism.
Utter FUD, and should be made aware of this.
@_date: 2017-03-30 06:26:56


And that's fine. The largest miners are about 15% right now, so people paying 0.20$ would know that their average confirmation time would be something of around an hour. Furthermore, all other miners will continue clearing &gt;0.25$ transactions, so that particular miner can settle for being a "bottom barrel sweeper", and he might make equivalent money to the others. The price for this miner can even be much lower than that, but its hash rate cannot be higher (or even that high I believe, but I'd have to model it to be sure),, or else they'd drop the average fees for everyone, which would force some miners out of business, until a new equilibrium were found. This absolutely is a sustainable equilibrium, and the lower limit to this is the cost of operations of being a miner.
You need to seriously read a book on game theory and microeconomics; contrary to what seems to be the belief, it really isn't a matter of thinking up something that "makes sense to you".
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:00:48


No, the evidence doedn't suggest I'm wrong. BCH was able to fork successfully only **because** it dismantled a crucial component of this design: the slowly-adjusting difficulty retargeting, which is amplified when hashpower leaves the chain. This effectively makes BCH be **not** bitcoin specifically, and the creators would freely admit to this. 


Meh, it's hard to catalogue this stuff. I'll concede this one. 
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:23:12
That's not evidence (as wasn't your other reply a week ago). But you seem convinced enough to have to resort to downvoting me, so I'll stop bothering you.
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:08:23


The mechanism we're discussing hasn't changed. Please stop it with the straw men.
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:18:03
This actually supports my point.
@_date: 2017-08-07 19:55:39
Bitmain is part of the New York Agreement. Which locked SegWit in. I'm not sure how that bodes with your conjectures.
@_date: 2017-08-27 21:07:01
Terrorist attacks have been a concern since the dawn of humanity, do you also condone and incite those?
BCH forking of is the opposite of an attack (indeed some core devs promoted it as the only viable solution to the community splitting!); But I guess with enough denial of responsibility you could consider it so. It just doesn't make it the case at all. 
It's competition. It competes for the market, and it completes for the miners. If BTC can't hold its own against competition, is it really the antifragile crypto we all signed up for? 
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:57:55
You don't see how your own  argument is incongruent? "nodes decide what the rules are, not miners" is fucking contrary to what the whitepaper says. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:18:19
To an extent, sure. So then what?
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:39:45


You mean to tell me that even upon chickening out when it was risky enough that my brother bought in, after it was less risky, ** even then** you didn't have the balls or brains to put all your savings in?
Yeah, my brother is clearly the idiot!


You sure sound like you do, buddy. Anyways, while my brother enjoys the kind of profits you'll likely never see, I'm sure you can console yourself by thinking ["gosh, what an idiot"](
RemindMe! 18 months.
@_date: 2017-01-24 07:03:52
... but that wasn't what Maxwell's claim was. That's all I'm debating, because this is an extremely political debate where we would all be very wise to stick to facts and precise definitions... Especially in accusations.
@_date: 2017-08-05 15:53:40


Straw man argument; most OSS wallets offer and encourage direct download off their website. 
Are you seriously attempting to claim that the trust assumptions regarding security for wallet software is the same between a closed-source and an open source projects? Just yes or no, please.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:49:05


Yeah, he attempted to do that, but it's a bit of a lackluster argument, given that over the short term, block production is inherently, profoundly, and irreducibly, unreliable as it is. Pretending (and indeed arguing) that a once in a while slightly smaller block will throw a wrench in an otherwise predictable and dependable process of block production, is more than a bit disingenuous. 
There's a reason the TPS capacity of the network is calculated from the average number of transactions per day, and not on an hourly basis.
Beyond that, though, I was interested in hearing this from him, the person who first proposed and enforced the "necessity" of the forced fee market, given that the very issues we're discussing are a direct consequence of it. Thanks though.
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:12:26
It's really odd, I tell you, that in this picture, Garzik is painted as the "irrelevant non-dev bought by corporate interests", while the current Core devs are somehow the opposite.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:47:08
What was that?
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:48:42
Bitcoin isn't merely money, or even just a new way to transact it. It if were, it wouldn't have gotten people like to adopt early. 
And if you don't understand **that**, then just be careful man; when viewed as a pure investment opportunity, it's got a lot of promise, but certainly far more risk than regular stocks.
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:07:21
Where did I do that?
@_date: 2017-01-02 11:32:17


What ideas would these be?
What I was trying to start a reflection on with this comment was what I perceive to be a fundamentally childish, but also pragmatically unwise, tendency to make such "niener niener" posts, and in the process not only widening the gap you speak of between "big and small blockers", but also opening himself up to the same kind of pointing out if the recent price increase trend ever reverses. 
... Which is a possibility I don't really see underlined enough: this price upshot has been very sudden, and regardless of the reasons behind it, seems likely that it constitutes every bit as much of a bubble as it did the last time it rose so suddenly. 
I don't know. Mocking someone so publicly for what is clearly a market abnormality just seems so pointless to be. And don't get me wrong; this is irrespective of my position on the aforementioned debate, and rest assured I'm every bit as prudently optimistic and happy as anyone else in this sub... But this person's behaviour on this sub seems to have acquired a set pattern of personal attacks, and that's the thing I'm lamenting the most.
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:03:12
I'm older than you, I want 2x as well.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:47:58
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:12:38
Thanks for responding! So it seems you're one the intended demographics of this new product. Do you plan on buying a dish and USB satcom link to solve this hurdle? Or would buying extra bandwidth when your allowance ran out would be a more economical option?
In other words, if you're not running a full node now, is your internet the limiting factor that this prpduct will solve?
@_date: 2017-08-27 21:12:18


Wtf? Yes there are. Here's a fact for you: BCH hasn't died. Here's a **not** fact "BCH is doomed to failure".
No, theories are not facts, explanations are not facts. Stop moving the goalposts. If you hold that people aren't "tolerating facts" you better make damned sure that *that* is itself a fact.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:04:40
Are you seriously attempting to blame BCH for the UX issues of SegWit in general and Ledger in particular?
@_date: 2017-01-24 16:26:50
It doesn't matter if you agree or not; the fact of the matter is that Maxwell is making a false claim that seeks to damage the reputation of a developer of a competing implementation of the bitcoin client.
This is a huge problem, coming from a leader in the space, and it appears to be extremely political, whether you disagree or not.
Maxwell has threatened people in the past for doing this very thing (make libellous claims).
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:24:43


Who exactly are you talking about, and why can't you take a question at simple face value? It speaks volumes, honestly.
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:41:14
No need to get angry, I'm just asking questions here. You can either answer them or not.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:56:38


You mean the bitcoin fucking companies? The ones that'd have the most to gain from seeing bitcoin succeed? JEsus man, I'm trying to find your angle here.
@_date: 2017-08-17 06:12:00


Yes, and as seen in the whitepaper, the "consensus" it speaks of is within miners. Please, **please** don't attempt to straw man this one issue, as your ctrl + F for "consensus" clearly showed you, it's not talking about relaying nodes, anywhere.


Is that so? Forgice me, but I've never come across any definition for what "bitcoin" constitutes in the code. Perhaps I'm stupid like that. Would you care to very specifically point me towards where this lies? (Inb4 you link to libconsensus, because it actually verifies the validity of blocks that are, you know, mined). Regardless, when we're speaking of "bitcoin definition" in the context of different implementations, why would you quote but one client's cod3 (if you're even able to)?


In lack of a formal specification, it's the best next thing. Otherwise, as they say, "all the rules are made up and the points don't matter".


The other sub can be as blind as this one, if not more so. A few dozen people being very vocal about their beliefs 24/7 does not constitute any kind of consensus. Have you ever been to any IRL bitcoin meetup, or spoken with not-merely-bandwagon-investots?
@_date: 2017-01-02 08:50:52
I don't get what you expect to gain from analizing a particular person's investment decisions.
It just seems extremely odd to me.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:15
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:17
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:47:47






If this is a real question, it's simple: because since at least 3 years ago, it's clear that it's the safest and least changing (to the protocol) way to ensure the continued availability of capacity for the organic growth of bitcoin.


Because I don't care about the conditions of the meeting, I care about the results. And the result seems to have been overwhelming consensus. How can you not see that? Do you seriously, after the signalling and all, doubt for a second that the agreement lacks either the HP or the economic support that it was announced to have?
**This is how bitcoin governance works**, and you should know I would support any such result, even if it was contrary to what I personally prefer for the network. Which is in fact the case: if it were up to me, SegWit wouldn't have been a part of the deal. But I saw that a segwit-less HF had ~40% HP support, so I'm ok with this. Just as I've been OK with a non-ideal network for the last year, given that it hadn't rallied the support needed.
The core devs, and people on this sub, filled their mouths with talk of "the impossibility to upgrade without consensus", and now that **there undoubtedly is consensus**, they're going back on that talk, or at best seeking to redefine what "consensus" means. Why aren't **you** holding them to their own standards? Why didn't you denounce them when they all, passively or actively supported the *anti-consensus* measure known as USAF? 
Our will you at least concede that you don't care about any objective measures of anything, and you'll only support what you personally think is best?
Please don't think for a second that I've forgotten you're continuing to deflect the posed questions.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:06:14
Will you admit now that you had no idea of what you were talking about?
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:20:10


To the economic majority, absolutely. Or has the narrative changed again? i didn't get the memo!


"So, let's define speed as km/h. But we didn't intend EVs to use it, so obviously there's no reliable way to measure speed now. Whatever shall we do?"
This is only to point out your own inconsistency, because of course on top of that you're wrong (or lying) about the design not having anticipated mining farms. We live in a world of alt-truths now, so meh.
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:43:16


"Speculation" doesn't translate to "having the balls to make bank". Let's stop romanticizing that. During the MtGox fiasco, people lost their entire life's savings.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:52:54


Please tell me **exactly** what you're referring to by "p2p", if not by the enforcement mechanism. Or more accurately, how supporting 2x makes "corporate control my money". I'm serious.
@_date: 2017-01-23 21:16:15
...but it was attributed? At the risk of replicating the extremely tired discussion over there, I just don't agree that, with their comment, it was misatributed. I understand why it's not ideal from your PoV, and undoubtedly I agree that the "author" field should reflect the real one, but plagiarism it is not.
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:40:54
Too real, I think your second paragraph is spot on. Thanks for the discussion.
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:52:17
I'm sorry, but I don't understand. Either smaller blocks are something desirable from the network functionality's PoV, or they aren't. Even an inconsistent lowered blocksize should be better than a larger one.
You yourself mention that smaller blocks seems like a good idea, but it's politically impracticable. So if a miner decides to do it, without the need for a political solution, how is that not a good thing?
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:47:42


No? Who are you speaking for? Because that exact argument is littered all over this sub, and (downvoted) on the other. Do you need me to ink to specific comments?


Well founded on what? You're following that comment with yet another "common sense-ism", "self-evident" explanation, and I'm sorry, but they don't constitute "well founded arguments". 
Let me reiterate that the claim was that **facts** weren't well tolerated on the other sub, and thus far, you haven't been able to give me an example of any such "facts".
@_date: 2017-08-05 10:18:06


You're appealing to trust in your company, and this is the one thing we're trying to get away from, with cryptocurrencies.
That your proposed solution to your closing source on your product is to compile an outdated version of your wallet simply requires no further comment.
I understand your job here is to do PR for your company. I even sympathize. I don't envy your job. You have to make them look good, and spin every decision they make as if it were always for the benefit of the custormer. In this case this is simply not the case. You've gone from a moder of less-trust-required, higher-security, to one where we need to trust your word for it. Oh right, and "your track record speaks for itself" (a set of data we have no possible way to verify except to take your word for it, BTW). You haven't even had an outside company audit your code, which is something some other closed-source (and OSS as well) services and companies have gone through the trouble of doing. 
With all due respect, you're doing a poor job here, by in the first place engaging with me and repeating **lies** (yes, the claim that your new security model isn't less secure is a lie), and secondly by not backing away and letting this interaction lose visibility. 
A company has a right to make the decisions it deems better for their bottom line, which is what happened here. Some exec decided to ignore all the available evidence regarding competition, market dominances in  OSS products, and chose to close-source it, out of some idea that it would be better for them. That's fine, and none of you have to give anyone any explanations for what you did what you did. The attempt at emotional heart-string-tugging regarding the "other projects taking our code!" may make sense to neophytes in all matters software and crypto, but it's a huge red-flag for those of us who've been here a while. And so we'll it out. You don't need to respond, excepting in the case anyone made a claim regarding the illegality of your closing the source on a project that was built partially out of other FOSS projects (fun times ahead!), but that's not even the matter I'm speaking out against. 
The issue is security, and by being closed source, your software is less secure. End of story. If you know your job, you'll let this thread die, unless your company has chosen to see the light regarding this issue. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:44:41
Thanks, this is the kind of stuff I was looking for.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:17:48
Between you, and I suddenly find myself deeply questioning the virtual company I keep. 
Jesus are you all so deeply, deeply disordered. Like in a literal, personality way. And I have a sinking feeling that once the votes are visible, I'll find out the reality of the true soul of this subreddit.
@_date: 2017-08-09 15:06:38
Will you answer the actual question?
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:23:43


Yes, I never denied that. What GP seems to be implying is that an investor must be deeply acquainted with the actual technology/industry of the company they're investing in.
Why would someone wanting to invest in bitcoin need to "understand public key cryptography", as his claim was? This is all I'm saying.
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:27:14


Being this the case, would you then agree that Bitmain mining 700kb blocks is something they should be praised for, even if in the context of a non-cooperating mining ecosystem, it likely will have little effect?
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:16
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:05:30






Ugh, I know you don't talk for anybody, but this is the kind of uneducated, self-assured pontification that I've lately been seeing around here, that I think sets the tone for how low the signal:noise is around this place.
@_date: 2017-08-27 15:54:44


There's "feeling", and then there's "reality". There's nothing safe about the crypto space.


That's a gambler's way of thinking. If you seriously, honestly can't afford to lose your initial investment, I'd suggest to sell back at least that amount to recoup it, and "play" with different investments with that extra profit you got. 
Please, never assume you'll be safe. These communities are extremely biased, and there's a reason WallSt isn't touching Bitcoin with a 10-foot pole. 
Never invest more than you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:16:33
No, I'm not concern trolling. Jesus can anyone on this sub have a real discussion?
To answer your question; the broadcast changes everything because it gives the illusion and establishes a PR trap where the info being broadcast by tbis privat3 companyust be "the real bitcoin". Unless you're suggesting that BlockStream's product will broadcast blocks from the chain with most work, rather than those from the network running on the Core client?
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:04:36
So, just to be sure, this vision of bitcoin **doesn't** include poor (let's define "poor" as under the poverty line defined by the UN) people using it?
But somehow in those places these "non-poor" people wouldn't be able to procure themselves ADSL-level internet access? 
I'm sorry to be this blunt, but I'm having trouble visualising such situations. Could you give some examples of places that aren't exactly so economically-depressed but where internet access is this dismal?
@_date: 2017-08-19 06:51:35


Is this what I've said? Come on man, don't put words in my mouth. I don't know about "holding BTC back, bu"t at this point in time what they're doing is going against the consensus.


And in turn, the earlier developers of what's today the Core software was created by the likes of Satoshi, Garzik, Hearn, and Andreesen. All of them except for SAtoshi, the current devs have literally thrown off the project (mostly because exactly zero of them were involved at the time Satoshi was still contributing code). This idea that we owe the devs some sort of debt is ridiculous, and doubly so when these devs have actively denied the community things it's been asking, like a formal specification to build other clients from scratch.


I was under the impression bitcoin was a decentralized, permissionless project? Why are you reverting to authoritarian notions of decision-making?


Pray tell, exactly what's "scary" about it? Not only is your characterization of it as a "business decision" objectively wrong (the crucial signatories are a majority of the hashpower); but even if it were right, bitcoin is first and foremost an economic project. If you don't think an economic majority should have the power to decide on changes to bitcoin, not only are you extremely short-sigthed,  but you're, again, changing the rules regarding how decision-making in bitcoin works. Please bear in mind that even the Core Devs have used "economic majority" as a crucial part of the community in the last 2 years, although it's true they used it to justify shitting on projects such as BU and XT when they had no such support. Since the NYA, they've been awfully quiet about this bar they set themselves.


You would think so, right? And yet, **all** the Core devs that have any kind of influence have come **strongly** out against it. They've already **Announced** that the next release of their client will be incompatible. Why do you hold on to fantasies in direct contrast to what reality is telling is happening?
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:04:02


What TF are "banks and intermediaries" supposed to do to ameliorate the risk of a company's stock nosediving? The answer is nothing, and you either are being intentionally misleading, or your extremely poor understanding of the financial sector reaches levels where you're unaware of even the things you don't know.
@_date: 2017-01-18 22:05:59
I'm curious as to where the evidence if this is.
@_date: 2017-08-25 11:30:56
Why are you intent on proving whether or not I run a full node, and ignore the actual question I'm trying to have answered? 
No offense, but it feels like you want to avoid at all costs saying that Bitmain is actually doing us a favor here. Why is that?
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:43:18


It's already happening. Remember how everyone thought the Core Devs were insane when they announced their Core Software would fork off form the main Bitcoin chain when miners in consensus switched on 2MB blocks?
Yeah, doesn't seem so insane now, now that the MSM will have a field day with how "Bitcoin will be streamed via satellites". Now the miners and blockstream are engaged in a game of chicken, between their PoW, and BlockStream's Proof-of-Satellite. 
It's very scary to me, frankly. It makes the people on the other sub suddenly not seem all that insane with even their more "out there" conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:38:58
You "being able to see it" doesn't mean even remotely how it went down, it denotes quite a bit of ignorance into the sheer amount of planning and engineering that went into designing and deploying the GPS system; and it wasn't the claim.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:17
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:15:35


OK, let's dwelve a bit into this, because it seems to me you're making a no true scotsman argument. What **on earth** would "the entire ecosystem coming together" look like? How would you do it that's different from the NYA, or indeed, the HK agreement whose conditions were literally exactly the same, on which **current core developers** were signatories, who then broke it? Please, for all that is holy, explain to me once again how inviting the same core developers who violated the HK agreement to sign the NYA would have been productive at all. Who else do you think was missing from there? Even more companies? Where would you have put the threshold for attendance? Would you have measured it in economic activity, or in employees? JEsus man, do you honestly, really, not see that what you're arguing should have happened, did indeed happen within reason, and you're trying to find faults with it given that you personally don't agree with the outcome? 


Even if I agreed with this insanity, you know what, contrary to what you're being told about how bitcoin works, you just have no recourse. There's nothing you can do. Miners have control of the system, and the economic majority backs them up. End of story.


Holy fuck you're blowing my mind here. Yes they want bitcoin to **grow**, exponentially even, as it had done previous to us having hit the 1mb ceiling. Yes, they (and me) want it to continue to gain adoption, to take over some real world. money transfering usage. They want it to reach underdeveloped countries and even those living under totalitarian regimes. They want it to help bank the unbanked of the world. **This was the fucking philosophy of bitcoin** that I was sold on, when I got into the space, in 2010. 
You know what *wasn't* in the philosophy of bitcoin? Forced fee markets, central planning. An economically inaccessible chain. The demonization of HFs as something dangerous and impossible to do (as had been argued for the last three years previous to the BCH fork, and somehow still manages to continue being argued), and the security-downgrading usage of SFs to perform protocol upgrades. Permissioned layers on bitcoin (LN). A single company hiring every single influential Core Dev. 
Please don't talk to me about "the philosophy of bitcoin", you late adopter. You can't remember a time when this completely insane "scalability debate" didn't exist. That's like popping into a country in the middle of a civil war, and declaring that the imperialists stand for the "philosophy of the country". Fuck that shit. Take a step back. Go read the entirety of Satoshi's comments and discussions (they're archived on a site somewhere, if you're genuinely curious, I can look it up for you, but I have the funny feeling you don't really care about this), some of which I was fortunate enough to witness first hand. And then come back here, and we can discuss what the actual "philosophy of bitcoin" is. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 06:07:35


I for one would like to see some evidence behind these accusations. Otherwise, what exactly are you arguing? "Hey believe me , I'm screaming louder"?
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:45:29


People in those situations are also usually those living under the infamous $2 a day incomes. How does this articulate with your claims and plans regarding the forced fee market?
Or even being able to buy the USB receiver, at that?
@_date: 2017-01-23 20:45:45


Do you have a source for this?
@_date: 2017-08-31 07:35:28
Read my comment again, as I don't disagree withwhat you're saying. It's odd you'd seek to shut me up given that you've you defended the "right to give perdonal opinions" in the previous sentence.
I can lament the sad state of ignorance or outright misinformation, can I not?
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:36:08
I'm amazed at these scenarios, and how first-worlder naive they all are. 
A goat herder up in the mountains that wouldn't have access to the internet (because apparently "terrestrial internet will be super expensive"), but he'll have a desktop computer, energy to run it, a 100$ usb satcom link, a satellite dish, and will have had an HDD or blu-ray disk delivered beforehand, and needing to jump through all the aforementioned hoops, only to be able to verify the payment for his goat?
And on a network with fees so high, that they'll likely run higher than the herder's weekly salary. 
Let's suspend disbelief for a second, and ignore the realities of the world such as ever-increasing internet penetrance, especially in wireless networks where literally **everywhere on earth** (excepting perhaps NK, but we simply don't have info about how that place runs) there is at least 2G internet at **locally affordable prices**, which is more than enough to run an SPV wallet, of the likehood for a mountain goat-herder to have access to electricity, let alone the technological literacy to carry all of that out, or even far more practical realities like the existence of a robust barter-hybrid or token system in places where the local fiat is truly so unreliable so as to render it useless.
Why would people go through all the trouble? Non-investing people, I mean.
Perhaps can help us understand how he reconciles all of these, on the surface, completely contradictory factors about how these scenarios are supposed to actually articulate together.
FTR, not saying the idea isn't cool. I'm just unsure of what problem it's supposed to solve, or even who the target demographic is. Of course I guess we'll find out if/when BlockStream published sales figures and stats.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:07:55
You seem missinformed. This was actually tried just after the fork. It was a very expensive attack and it amounted to nothing. 
Believe it or not, big blocks works (for this very specific attack vector). 
It's a sad thing to watch you inciting the attack of another crypto, I got to say.
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:00:02
First, take a deep breath.
Second, go to this site, and learn about BIP38 paper encrypted wallets. Then spend a couple of hours reading every.single.article on that site, to get an overall understanding of how bitcoin addresses work, what are the attack vectors, an what constitutes reasonable security. 
Storing private keys on your computer, even on pictures as some people are suggesting here is a recipe for disaster, you have been warned.
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:47:24
My brother is not an idiot, but I'm sure glad to hear you'd have done a far better job of managing his finances and investments than himself.
Question: since you're so clearly so superior intellectually and in financial matters to my brother, pray tell, how many bitcoin were you able to snatch up and at what price point? Because I'd be very surprised to hear you actually had more foresight than him.
Some people...
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:25:53
Okey then, as long as you emphatically disagree, I guess you'll be super safe!
People mystify me sometimes. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:27:32
I see; but then you were replying to my comment in an off-topic manner. 
Good side-point, though.
@_date: 2017-08-05 15:44:30
If I give my exchange a normal address, they can't use SW to send me my coins. No wallet software that I'm aware of has implemented SW addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:17
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-07 15:18:30
None of those links constitute anything even resembling proof. Which is why I am asking.
@_date: 2017-08-07 14:34:26


I **must** be? I don't know perhaps I am; but if I am and the evidence is so glaringly obvious, perhaps you wouldn't mind enlightening me and pointing me towards it?
@_date: 2017-08-29 07:59:36


Of course this is 100% true. I don't disagree with what you're saying, but then again, OP is very specifically talking about coaching a friend (presumably an "outsider" of this community), about when and how to buy. 
This is absolutely not OK in my book, leads to strained relationships, and honedtly, I think it makes OP morally partially responsible for his friend's investments. Which is the very thing I'm teying to warn against.
I have no issue with anyone here investing as much as they want, however they want, with however amount of actual knowledge they might have (and actually most people on this sub seem rather ignorant in bitcoin general and even economics); because they're at least here, reading, participating and trying to gather information, however flawed that might be. But it's not the same situation as telling a friend to "buy into bitcoin".
When I got my brother into bitcoin in 2010, he wasn't very interested in the tech, and he told me he trusted me. Nevertheless, I made it a point to explain to him what it was about, and while I told him this could potentially be a once-in-a-lifetime investment opportunity, the thing that got me excited was the tech and how it could change the world. I gave him some resourc3s and he spent a while doing his own reading. A few days later, he asked me to buy some for him.
It's not a very reprewentative story, because back then the risk was relatively much higher, but absolutely ridiculously lower, in the sense that coins were very, very cheap. He's recently cashed out, and is about to buy a house with his profits (although, he's decided to hold onto his BCH for now). I'm super happy foe him.
He probably doesn't get why bitcoin excites me, he's not engaged in the community, and yet he did some research. He decided to pull out, and while didn't risk losing a ton of money, he decided he was a time in his life where his investment should be cashed out (he's gett8ng married in a few months).
I have another friend that I have been talking about bitcoin to for all yhese years, and it wasn't until it reached 2000 a few months ago that he asked me seriously about it. I merely told him where he could get them, and that was that. He asked me how he could secure his BCH (he was in Coinbase), and I helped him with that as well. I don't feel responsible for him, but now he continuously tells me "he should have listened to me all those years ago". Well, clearly not, he still doesn't get it.
This turned into story telling real quick. My point is the way to avoid moral responsibility is to educate people about bitcoin, rather than giving investment advice. I'll stand by this belief.
@_date: 2017-01-02 19:24:54
Completely understand.
@_date: 2017-08-28 14:50:27
When my previous comment addresses a new comment perfectly, I honeestly don't know where the discussion can go.
Not to mention the glaring red herring, but hey.
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:59:22
Because Bitcoin's design deliberately makes it a "winner takes all" process, meant to prevent multiple chains from surviving in case of a HF (upgrade).
I'm confused jonny, wasn't the official memo that community splits should be avoided at all costs, and that's why Core have refused to do any HFs to upgrade the protocol?
@_date: 2017-08-29 07:19:38
Ahh, I see what you meant now, sorry. I do agree.
@_date: 2017-08-07 10:34:22


The moment you tell me what I'm being dishonedt about, maybe I can answer.


With all due respect, I think you're projecting, man. You asked me to explain a number of matters I've never even mentioned, and that constitutes "moving the goalposts"?
Take a good hard look at yourself. And if you can't answer my very simple question, perhaps it's time to wonder why.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:05:44


Your justification for inviting attacks are hilarious and preocuppying. Yes, the comparison with terrorism is apt. You're not "discussing hardening the network or finding bugs", you're inciting an attack.
Which is, you know, your prerrogative. Just don't try and convince anyone else that it's not what you're doing. Own it.
But then don't be surprised when on the other sub they rightfully claim "we're acting scared shitless".


You know, it's terribly telling that you deny your own terrible aggression towards others, but then can't help but seeing aggression everywhere in the world. Still, it doesn't make it so.


Have you not been predicting this since before the fork? I ask because, from my impartial analysis, I don't see any signs of that at all. Let's see how good your predictive powers are:
RemindMe! 1 month
@_date: 2017-08-05 12:59:31


SegWit would not have fixed this for those transactions that weren't made using the SW format. Which are likely to be the majority, at least at the beginning.
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:01:48
Good for you! I expect you turned that into bitcoin as well? oh...
@_date: 2017-08-09 18:55:58
I'd never seen you resort to this particular brand of shitposting, Alex. Even though you've been hired to defend a certain view, at least from what I'd been seeing, you had never lowered yourself to trolling or making fun of people (especially without a concrete point)
I hope this isn't a turning point for you, or that you're being incentivized to do this stuff. Not very many of us like the Mow style of "Public Relations". 
@_date: 2017-08-16 20:53:13


Technically, actually, there's no mention or definition of this "consensus" you speak of in the whitepaper. I'm sorry to say so, but you did invoke "technicality". The "longest valid chain" amounts to "the chain with most work". 


I'm sorry, but why are you defining "validity" as a function of the most sybillable indicator ever? Do you even understand that this "measure" is a relatively new entrant to the "public discourse"?


JEsus, I'm sorry but you're in denial. When the 1mb chain remains without hashpower, how is that "apparent that it'll be the most certain"? 
Please explain to me your reasoning, because I honestly don't get it. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 15:50:22
Your software isn't an exchange, it"s a wallet. Your argument is a fallacy. I am **not** throwing unfounded accusations, I'm stating facts regarding the security model of wallet software in general, and your product in particular; if I'm mistaken, please correct me on a factual basis, rather than resorting to insulting me.
This is not how a company should behave.
@_date: 2017-08-01 15:22:22
Core is already "not in charge" regardless, with the New York Agreement, at least for as long as they stick to their stubborn guns and refuse to support it in their main client when the HF comes.
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:07:49
As a fan of XMR, I can't tell you how disheartening it is to see you wield these kinds of very non-technical arguments. Especially when they're clearly false, by any sane standards.
@_date: 2017-08-17 05:05:47
71 billion dollar hobby/ad campaign? OK. 
By this point I can't say I'm surprised by this response of yours. Oh well.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:14
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:13
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:02
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-17 20:33:00
Holy shit these have gotten unwieldy. You'll have to give me a day or two to process and respond. Thanks for continuing to do so, however and (I assume) keeping it civil.
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:29:39
With the fees being what they are, this increasingly is starting to look like a no-go option.
@_date: 2017-08-04 12:32:11


This is an assertion you cannot make with closed-source software, I'm afraid. With the rest I agree, and it's fine for people who understand the risks involved to choose to use it. I just wom't, neither will I pretend it's "the same" in terms of security.
There's also the ethical aspect that I alluded to, but that's their issue. And that of other projects whose code they might have used to build their own software, should they decide to press charges.
@_date: 2017-08-17 11:09:26


Oh, is that so? I guess I must have been completely misinterpreted the "by working on extending them", as referring to mining. Am I somehow mistaken in my understanding of what (modern) nodes actually do? Could you please then explain what "extending them" means, in the very phrase you quoted?


On a more serious note, and in case you're completely unaware of this, the network as described by Satoshi was literally comprised only of miners. He mentioned SPV wallets, as a thing to build in the future, but he didn't describe what we today know as "full nodes".


That's fine, but that's not what we're discussing here. If you want to modify your Client to accept only certain kinds of blocks, you'll be enforcing your own vision for it, it just won't be "Bitcoin". Bitcoin is the "chain with most work", or, if you prefer "the longest valid chain", although the latter definition is problematic in the currect make up of the network, because people like you seem to believe that relaying nodes have any role in the network beyond that. A kind of node that didn't exist in the earlier iterations of bitcoin.


 
I realize this gives boners to the people who've been brainwashed into seeing miners as "corrupt enemies of bitcoin" instead of understanding that by the very design of bitcoin, they're incentivized to always act in its best long-term interest. In the real world (which is what we're seeing with SW2x coincidentally), miners don't unilaterally choose to change the consensus rules, because they're not imbeciles who like to lose money. They do it with reasonable assurance that the economic majority will follow them, and they hedge the risk of them not doing so against the risk of continuing to mine in a chain that's doomed to diminishing adoption due to the limitations of the current protocol.
 


 
Oh absolutely, and if indeed the economic majority doesn't follow them in the 2x HF, they'll definitely go back to the 1mb chain. They jut wouldn't do the change in the first place if there was a possibility that this might happen. What you must understand is that the sheer nodecount isn't likely representative at all of economic activity, as I already mentioned. 


 
Not sure where you're getting with this, but OK. I'm not putting into question that Bitcoin **today** constitutes the 1mb chain. I'm very specifically posing these questions in the context of the agreement that has been reached within the absolute supermajority of hashpower and the main economic actors in Bitcoin, and your trying to portray the node counts as somehow being indicative of anything relevant.


 
Don't be (worried); I very much believe the whitepaper can lay down a great definition of bitcoin, without being bound to any specific consensus rules, beyond the "social contract" (21 million bitcoins, etc etc). On the opposite side of the scale, people like you who'd (apparently, I don't want to put words in your mouth), see the whitepaper dissapear (or worse, rewritten as it's already been tried to do), don't seem (IMO) to understand what it was so alluring about the whitepaper that made us early adopters have such a high concordance with the people who are very worried about Core's latest actions and announcements. 


 
Well, you claimed to have read it "in the code". So I'll take the code from the implementation you chose to read, please. Your claim was a very specific one, please forgive me for trying to get to the bottom of it without accepting generalities as an answer.
   


 
Now you're trying to slowly build a Straw man argument, but know I don't disagree with you here. But some things should need to be fundamental and unchanging, and the matter of "the mechanism to discern what bitcoin is from what it isn't" is one crucial one, particularly in these times of differing views. The BCC people, while idealistic and zealous, 100% (from my reading) seem to respect perfectly the fact that their fork is not "their bitcoin" (or as they would say I imagine, "not yet"). And that's because it doesn't have the "longest valid chain" (again, the most work chain in the modern context). The current Core Devs have announced that, despite what happens, their software will only follow the rules that they deem appropriate, and you don't seem to be aware that you're (at least passively) supporting that.
 
 You very specifically claimed to "have read this mechanism in the code", and yet you seem to be dodging my inquiry about it. So, if we're in agreement about the need for bitcoin not to remain static, but you refuse you very narrowly define what mechanism or factors or characteristics should define "Bitcoin", then surely you must understand you're arguing for vagueness, or in other words, for it to end up being defined in Political Terms (ie: whatever the group with the most overall power/money says it is). And this is an unnaceptable answer to me, given that Bitcoin was supposed to be the solution to these matters. 


 
Holy shit man, we agree here. Do you not see, from this perspective, how my argument regarding the PR impact of this satellite broadcast announcement reflects this?
 


 
Well, that's your read on the situation, and that's fine, but in the end, from all we know, the agreement still holds. 


 
Yeah, that's why I added the "not-merely-bandwagon-investors" qualifier. I tend to interact with early adopters, so the general state of their knowledge is a lot better than that.
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:46:35


No. An analyst is not an industrial engineer capable of understanding the claims of feasibility that, for instance, Tesla is making for the next quarter. An analýst is a finance/economy MBA, and they don't hire one for each company they're to invest in at that, are you for real?


I'm not going to confirm or deny this statement, but this is exactly the same level of "inner understanding" that Wall St runs on (except for bitcoin there isn't an established field of analytics, there's no book keeping, there's no projections, so it's even more so).


"Understanding" that a private key is "something you keep private and use to access your funds" isn't exactly "understanding public/private key cryptography", which was the original claim I was debunking.
@_date: 2017-08-04 12:19:53


I like to think of myself as "part of the world", and I definitely care about the code being OSS. I am not alone.
I am glad you feel for your business it's no longer necessary (although clearly it was at some point), but this is a very simple line I will draw when it comes to software that deals with my cryptos, which, as you know, have no recourse with any entity in case they end up lost, as opposed to, for instance, my bank's mobile app.
Lucky for your business, clearly some people have different standards rgarding trust with their cryptos, and while I have nothing against you, I won't stop speaking publickly regarding bare-minimum security that I think people should follow, and which coincidentally your product doesn't reach.
Please understand this isn't an attack on you. 
All the best.
@_date: 2017-08-02 16:55:32


And yet, nowhere else have I been able to find a reasonable explanation for these matters, BS employees or not. 
Feel free to point me in the right direction for satisfactory explanations, because from my PoV, they seem like quite critical and crucial criticisms that should never go unanswered in an article portraying itself to be "debunking myths", be it exhaustive or not.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:26:53
Great catchphrase, but in the end, this was bitcoin's design. Miners are in charge of building the chain, and they represent the economic interests of the majority by being aligned with bitcoin's long-term interests. 
It's right in the whitepaper, but I absolutely understand if you've been led to believe in different enforcing mechanisms in bitcoin around these parts.
@_date: 2017-08-16 13:32:06




It's fine that you hold these beliefs, but you're ignoring the deeper issue here. What will you opinion be of Core's actions if a majority of hashpower actually carries ahead with the scheduled HF?
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:56:49
Nope, definitely not the design, sorry.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:31:55
That's fine, but I didn't lie about it. I think the mere questioning whether I ran a full node was a tangentiality at best, and since I'm having trouble getting him to respond to the meat of the argument, I didn't feel like devoting some time specifically to show him that I do, in fact, run a full node at home. 
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:31:16


I'm sorry, but where do you get this from? ETC was successful by all metrics, and we're not seeing "continued forks since companies are seeing it was profitable". I also think it's a disingenous mischaracterization of the motivations behind the actual HF, being this the single change the Big Block camp has been arguing and asking for for literally 3 years... 
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:36:54


I do and I have, but I live in the first world with gigabit internet, so that's not a struggle I have to deal with. 


So what is your point here? That bitcoin is already broken, we should just pack up and leave? I refuse to believe that, so if by reducing the de-facto blocksize they'll be saving a couple of percent of potential nodes from being knocked off the network, then it's A Good Thing. 
I genuinely fail to understand your position, Mr. Maxwell, we've just activated a measure that'll allow up to 4MB blocks measured in data (but more like 1.7MB with usual usage, if I have this correctly), and you're over here telling me that we're already past the point of no return regarding centralization. LN won't solve this; many experts have pointed out that just to open the channels we'll need even bigger blocks if we're to see truly massive adoption. 
So I ask you, what are we doing here? Or more importantly, why do you refuse to recognize a voluntary miner reducing the blocksize (if even by a small amount) as doing the network a service? It's almost as if you're arguing both sides at the same time.
@_date: 2017-08-07 14:36:49
I remain open to answering any questions you may have, that I can answer; just please don't ask me to source other people's claims. 
I merely asked you to source a claim you yourself freely made. You can either do that, or you can't.
Insulting me won't change any of that.
@_date: 2017-08-25 06:58:21


This was your original claim. JEsus sweet fucking christ, you can't even remember what it is you're arguing.
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:41:19


If you believe that, I suggest you sell. A certain and completely expected (and predicted) centralization of mining doesn't render it broken. What you can't do, though, is pretend that by believing really hard that the mechanism should be different, that it suddenly will be.


If you're serious about this question, the simple answer is that, should this be possible, Bitcoin is already broken indeed. Again, just sell. The larger answer is more ocmplex and requires an even modest literacy in economics.


OK, I don't see your point here. I'll just reiterate, though, that simply wishing it were different won't make it so.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:23:38
What is this supposed to mean? Are people now supposed to understand the inner workings of every service/company/technology they invest in? 
Just wait until the whole of Wall St finds out!
@_date: 2017-08-16 12:07:10






It is, just not as you paint it. Reductio ad absurdum much? Can you truly not see how this modifies the "power struggle" regarding what "bitcoin" will entail?


Is being able to see 3 months down the line what constitutes "concern trolling" now? Are you unaware that a) &gt; 90% have agreed on a software solution that includes a 2mb HF around November, and that b) the Core devs have announced that the Core client will **not ** follow that chain? I'm genuinely asking this very direct question, because you're acting very disengenously implying there's no real conflict to fear here.
Final (and also direct) question: when said fork happens, which chain do you imagine BlockStream will be broadcasting with their rented satellite bandwidth?
@_date: 2017-08-09 16:05:41
Does the code he wrote get expunged after "a couple of years" if he doesn't continue contributing? I'm not sure what your point regarding the date of his code means. 
I'm only a bit confused since the usual narrative is that "Core" is a decentralised, mostly undefined, definitely heterogeneous group of people composed of those who contribute to the codebase. And GP's (And your) claims seem to be in contradiction with that usual definition. So I wanted to get a double take on it.
@_date: 2017-08-16 13:07:39


Last I checked bitcoin was defined by the chain with the most work, rather than by what node you're running. 
How likely do you think it BlockStream will stream blocks not-on-the-Core-chain, BTW?
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:27:54
Respectfully, you didn't do that, at least in a logically consistent manner. It was a simple question that could have been answered in an equally simple way, but you made large, innerly-inconsistent, arguments, trying to justify responding negatively to the question, and it just doesn't make sense. 
Either a smaller effective total blocksize is a good thing and we should thank miners who're producing smaller blocks, or it is not. But it can't be both things at once.
Look at the community, it's already crazy divided, and even within this own sub people don't know whether to lynch Bitmain, or thank them. Your non-answers are very disheartening in that context.
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:14:46
Andreas didn't design Bitcoin. Thankfully there's a whitepaper that very clearly lays out the design. How many times do you need to respond to the same comment, btw?
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:16
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2016-11-30 17:04:03


Oh, man, now that the transaction is confirmed there's nothing you can do. But just for future reference, what I meant by that is something completely different than merely "attempting to send the transaction again from mycellium". Please do spend the time to understand the basic concepts of how bitcoin works, so that something like this will never happen to you again in the future.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:33:53


Why would I want to "protect myself" from my txns being replayed on the minority, dying 1x chain, if I don't ever intend to use it? This is the rationale behind not needing the protection, and it's pretty darn logical judging by the consensus around 2x. 
All of this talk of protection is FUD, and sadly it seems Garzik has fallen for the nth time into the trap of listening to very vocal, insignificant minorities in the community.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:07:30
It really is not. Never put yourself in a situation where you're even party responsible for other people's investments, **especially** in crypto, which is so volatile and unpredictable a market not even WallSt will touch it.
I understand the desire for sharing the joy, but it's one thing to talk about how great bitcoin is (or rather could be in the future), and quite another to outright give instructions about how and when to buy.
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:17:34
This story seems weird. So you talked him out of 10k, but he didn't buy even 100$ at that price? That' be "no more work, ever" kind of money.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:19
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:24:39
What is the rationale behind this belief? Those of us that bought at those prices are true believers, it wasn't clear at all back then that it would become a huge financial market, but we believed in the technology.
I find it extremely unlikely that people who bought then would sell for simple profit, except in cases of great necessity.
@_date: 2017-08-20 11:09:31
Yes, you're essentially being told that blocks shouldn't be bigger because "people will want to use it more". Apparently success is a thing we ought to run away from.
To answer your previous question: the 34kb blocks would be 34kb on both chains. The difference would be that, say, come christmas time and everyone wants to transact at the same time, the 1mb chain would grow in mempool size, there would be immense transaction confirmation delays for days or even weeks (as has already happened, in fact), the fees would rise unpredictably, etc, etc; while on the 8mb chain, they might just need to create, say, 4mb blocks for a few days while surge lasts.
One of the philosophy guidelines of the big blocks movement is that "capacity should always be far more than current demand", just as bitcoin had functioned since it was created, up until little more than a year ago, when we started bumping into the artificially restricted capacity.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:15:56


OK, but those numbers are completely fictional, and I'm completely unaware of where we are right now on that scale, so arguing about it without any real-world data seems pointless. It might very well be that we're already at the point you illustrate, but we also might be somewhere far below that, where for people with desktop computers it really isn't an issue at all to sync the whole chain, and we have potentially hundreds of thousands of fully-validating-nodes that have simply not come online because mobile light wallets are downright convenient.


But a total reduction in tps capacity **does** reduce the total amount of transactions! This happens via market forces, and just like I seem to remember seeing you having argued against larger blocks in the past due to induced demand (and if it wasn't you, please forgive me, but the effect absolutely does exist), then surely it follows that total reduced capacity (even if in an inconsistent manner, I'm sure you agree at the end of the day capacity can or should be measured in transactions processed per day, or some similarly longer-term measure to eliminate variability).
Do you think I'm somehow mistaken in believing that a reduced total capacity will, over the medium term, reduce the demand for transactions situated at the lower-end of transfers of value?


If we're 100% honest about it, the network is already inconsistent as it is, and I'd struggle to imagine how a 15% hashrate miner doing 700kb blocks can add that to that inconsistency in a significant manner, in a world with hashrate oscillating between bitcoin and BCH, with usage following surges that follow market movements more than periodic swings, and with the unsolvable (or at least as of-yet unsolved) problem of fee calculation. When the network is in a state of an ever-growing mempool, the fee unreliability issue is a reality of the way bitcoin has functioned for months now, and I don't think Bitmain mining 700kb blocks is even remotely responsible for this.


Well absolutely, but they have 2 options, don't they? Either pay a fee that puts them at the top of the mempool, or they decide their particular transaction isn't that necessary after all (gamblers and the like).
It's all a matter of balances, and all the issues you bring up are inherent to transaction capacity being limited to below market demand. The upside being of course the ease with which new nodes can be synced up in the future. What I am arguing at the end of it  is that a large miner consistently creating blocks that are slightly smaller than the allowed maximum can have a significant effect over the long-term for these future sync-times, and thusly, should be thanked for their service, given that there is no political consensus for performing a 700kb (or 500kb or even 300kb) softfork blocksize reduction, even though you've agreed that a slightly lower blocksize might be preferable (if I'm mischaracterising you, please correct me). 
What Bitmain are doing here, essentially, is doing it so the network long-term will have a 950-990kb **average** blocksize, which is a de-facto and "drama free" version of a blocksize decrease.
@_date: 2017-08-17 16:32:54
It still amounted to a deflection. You're pretending that the company hiring the most influential Core Developers making an announcement such as this (that has since then, as predicted, reached international news, or it's certainly been covered by my country's news, in the expected fashion, that does not, at all make it clear eactly how non-useful this is, or even that it's being done by a private entity) is "no big deal", especially in the context of an all-out war on account of an incoming HF agreed upon already by economic leaders and a supermajority of hashpower.
Yeah, super-hobbyist project. For my hobbies, I also regularly rent out fixed badnwidth on international satellites. JEsus.
@_date: 2017-08-07 20:41:46
I see. So there are no possible alternative explanations, yet none of this can be proven. Do I have this right?
@_date: 2016-12-11 16:48:25


Oh the imbeciles!


Would you care to explain where, exactly, does it state that "It's not a hardfork if the original system continues functioning and being used"?
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:47:54
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-16 12:23:26
I honestly thank you for confirming you might be indeed a user in need of this service, anf I now stand corrected.
I would never presume to tell you how to ensure your bitcoin security, but in your situation (and even in mine with more than ample internet capacity) I would indeed stick with SPV or light wallets.
@_date: 2017-08-05 10:24:29


Another **lie**. From automated compilations to reproducible builds, this is not a claim you should be making in a public forum in defense of your company closing-source their software.  Let's leave it at that.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:20:34


The kind of economic monsters and hashpower that signed the agreement?
But hey, don't listen to me. Let's see where this goes. Were the 1x chain voices significant or simply a lot of noise, after all? RemindMe! december 15th.
@_date: 2017-08-03 21:52:53
That you don't see the irony in your statement seems to me a good indicatornof the state of the hivemind regarding bitcoin ATM.
LPT: when a company gices these motives as a reason to close source their project (while ignoring they achieved their clientbase precisely due to it being OSS), is the time to stop using them.
@_date: 2016-11-28 20:15:08
Whether that's true or not, I think it's very unfair to characterize people based on the "exclusive loyalty" to Bitcoin.
I'm invested in a few government bonds, does that mean I don't want Bitcoin to succeed either? 
This kind of talk is the kind of divisive bullshit that's tearing the community apart. I know full well some of the people on the other sub are also guilty of this, but could we at least try and appear like decent human beings on this sub, and quit it with the ad hominems?
@_date: 2017-08-05 09:49:16
I... do? Not sure what this kind of answer is, as it's responding to nothing we were discussing about.
@_date: 2017-08-15 08:09:25
"It's done and been done for 3 years with no issues. The fluffy bills make my mattress that much more confy. Unless someone breaks into your house, you are safe".
That is you, essentially, except getting your computer infected with malware is orders of magnitudes simpler, easier, and downright more likely than someone breaking into your house (not that that's even remotely the only way to get your files accessed and/or stolen, particularly if you advertise around that you invested in bitcoin) And yes, this applies **even if** you're super smug and don't use Windows as an OS.
I don't know how much you're invested, but please, do yourself a favor and spend the next couple of hours [learning proper cold storage security](
@_date: 2016-12-03 21:55:53
Again, wrong. But it's tiresome to debate someone who somehow has convinced themselves that debt-owners (lenders), out of all people, desire hard currencies because their wealth is "idle".
The italian economic history was that of deep and ongoing corruption, that reported false indicators, and whose leaders, upon realizing the unsustainability of it saw in the eurozone an opportunity and a scapegoat. See Greece for a similar example of an even more poorly managed system.
But as I said, it's tiresome. My intentiom was to point out even the most basic holes in your argument, and I did that.
As for an "economy under bitcoin", that's an extremely interesting debate, but one I'm afraid not very many people in the community are qualified to informedly have, so long as the pervasive opinion remains that strangling early adoption is somehow a good thing for the long term success of the currency.
@_date: 2016-11-28 10:49:00




Perhaps I'm an utter idiot as I'm not an expert in economics, but aren't these two stated motivations contrarian to each other?
Either (let's assume rational, because bitcoin was designed to dissuade irrational miners, unless you have some further thoughts or observations on why this wouldn't be working as intended?) miners would seek to maximize profits by including ever increasing transactions into blocks that would be in practice limitless, or they would need to be protected and their incomes ensured via this "created market" that pushes fees upwards (as we have observed). How is this not a contradiction? If miners can softcap their blocks (or even vote to keep a hard cap on them under a BU-like system), why would they not seek the option (very restricted blocksize vs. very lax blocksize) that would be the most profitable for them?
Why do you seem to be arguing for the need to both reign in the miners for their greed, but also ensure their income? I'm sure there's something crucial I'm missing, but I'm just not seeing it.
@_date: 2016-11-29 08:57:50
The "how to better scale" debate is one thing, but I find it just mindblowing that people seriously believe that with a restricted blocksize that's constantly hitting against the upper cap, any event where fees rise must be due to "spam attacks". 
What is the reasoning then, that bitcoin just naturally and by sheer coincidence stopped growing and found a perfect equilibrium at the exact same time that the limit was reached? Well lucky us! 
As I said, mindblowing. First step out of this mess of a debate is to take our heads out of the sand and accept that, yes, bitcoin right now cannot grow more, and yes, we're more than likely losing precious adoption for every week that we remain in the current state. 
If we accepted this, then the guys at might be amenable to supporting the activation of SegWit, but probably only if the people over here support (and the Core Developers promise) to follow that with a blocksize increase (the way Voorhes is suggesting). We can continue blaming the crowd for being "blockers" all we want, but we can't do that if we don't also become honest and accept that, yes, these transaction confirmation delay crises are most likely due to increased attempted adoption, instead of seeing a dark enemy lurk around at every corner. This is a very schizophrenic approach to this.
And this also include the Core Developers, they can't continue to be a part of, and directly fuel, this denialism and conspiracy theories. They have to be leaders, and lead forward, the way a newly elected president has to lead their country which includes those that opposed him. They can't just be content with having released SegWit, and rest on their laurels while they see the community not accepting it, and when (at least in their roadmap) all of the other improvements to the protocol (scaling and otherwise) depend on SegWit.
And we have to demand this of them.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:31:12


Or a Trojan reading the cache while it's open, or being able to take screenshots, or one simply taking the file and being able to brute-force an unsalted weak password for a weak encryption algorithm (how is he going to "encrypt it", by password-protecting a WinRAR file?).
The attack surface is enormous for his described security protocol, and the weaknesses aren't even hypothetical; it's enough to scour through this forum to find several instances of wiped-out bitcoin addresses under uncertain circumstances.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:20:43
Classic slippery slope fallacy. 
Here's a question: Is there a reason why blocks should be restricted **today**? 
But beyond that, you're confirming my characterisation that the small-blocker argument is basically "let's drive users away, we don't want bitcoin to reach the potential it would otherwise have if let loose in a free market!".
@_date: 2016-11-29 22:39:48
You have no idea how happy it makes me to hear this. I do strive for people to see things simply but above all, reasonably.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:09:58


The claim was regarding **facts**. "Explanations" are all fine and well, but they're not facts.
@_date: 2016-12-11 08:39:40


It **is** a network split, and it's also called a hard-fork. It's ridiculous that we now have to play guessing games to attempt to explain "what it is that he meant", when in fact he's being not merely anally "technically correct" (which would be understandable), but actually incorrect. And I think he knows this. Here's a list of links from sites maintained by Core that backup what I defend to be the definition of a hard-fork.
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:59:03
Easiest money I'll ever make RemindMe! 2 days.
@_date: 2017-08-16 17:58:49
I'm sorry you feel this way, I assure you, if you read the entirety of our exchange, it'd become clearer that I didn't just make the stuff up, words may just not be my thing.
Thanks for answering the questions. I'd do the follow up that I was getting at, but you'd likely rightfully accuse me of having an agenda in mind. 
Of course you know I believe you're utterly wrong in your answers, so will you allow me to make some predictions that would somewhat confirm my hypothesis that these measures have ulterior motives? 
* People at BlockStream will try and make as much as big a deal out of this satellite thing as possible, especially on the MSM. On the surface this might seem the usual MO of a company wanting to sell a product, except for the fact that their purported clients aren't in the First World not consume their media.
* As teh date of the HF approaches, those BlockStream Employees that are also Core Devs, will continue trying to derail the conversation regarding the HF, as they already are, **but especifically using the satellite thing to drive their points**. This one should be plenty specific to confirm my hypothesis at least to a partial degree, don't you think?
* After that, the narrative will spread and become generalized all througout this sub. Perhaps that's less within the control of the people involved, but then again they don't precisely seek out the unmoderated fora to interact with the community.
If you disagree with my little "experiment", or the predictive nature of my claims, let me know. RemindMe! 2 months.
@_date: 2016-12-10 12:23:59
Oh, come on, redefining universally accepted concepts, and adding to the confusion for people who don't quite understand Bitcoin fully yet isn't helpful at all. Nor is it very honest.
@_date: 2016-11-30 14:13:56
If the transaction isn't confirmed yet, I would try to double spend it with a much higher fee. Export your private key from mycellium, enter it into another wallet, and send the funds you a third address you control. 
Time is of the essence.
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:55:19


It shouldn't have to be personally insulting. 
So there are 2 ways to interpret their statements:
1) They're assholes who couldn't make it big in bitcoin, so they're taking a "burning bridges" approach, and ragequitting while trying to poison the well for everyone else.
2) They're a business that had one crucial aspect of their business seriously hampered by the whole transaction unreliability thing. Whatever your opinions are on the matter, that fact is actually true. They just seem to interpret it being a governance issue, which doesn't sit well with your perception of the situation.
Only one of those interpretations requires to jumping through several logical hoops, and to believe in conspiracies in order to make sense. 
And this is a problem I see with several people here all too often: we celebrate when a retailer announces they're accepting bitcoin, and tell people to "live using only bitcoin, it's the only way to stick it to the banks!"; and yet, at every turn, we become sour and belligerant whenever one of these very businesses tell us "hey guys, this extremely low throughput isn't really going to cut it if we're to continue growing together", or bark at users to "use correct wallets", or "should have thought it better before **not** making a whole market study before deciding on a transaction fee that's not very grossly over multiple times the required one" whenever their transactions get stuck...
This is the situation now, but we're the first ones who need to decide what bitcoin is to be. If we're content with the "immutability forever" idea, and the blocksize is to never exceed 1MB, then there's no place in the ecosystem for growing businesses like Circle. Sure, they could have been more gracious in their exit, but why are we so pissed at this? This is what we chose, this is what we support. Our current dev team has chosen this path, and we're 100% on board with this.
@_date: 2016-11-28 19:55:05


Why is it giving money away? And why is it not a stable solution? I think I remember you in the past having defended the idea that the reason fees weren't zero before blocks being full, was due to miners willingly and coordinatedly adopting softcaps (at 250kb, at 500kb, etc). Why would this not continue to work into the future?


Miners who don't do it are the kind that accepted zero-fee transactions a while ago. I don't see your argument being consistent with what we know historically about how the market functioned before the blocksize limit was reached.


Could you please define what you mean by "cartel behavior"? Or specifically how is it any different from any other situations where signaling is done in a decentralized manner, like the SegWit signaling, for instance? And how would that cause network instability and false confirmations?


Forgive me if this isn't your intention, but isn't this a bit of fearmongering? If miners were prone to such evils, or more crucially, if those evils were profitable in the longterm, and thusly in the interests of miners, why would they not have carteled and forked away, and done as you describe years ago? BU's blocksize voting mechanism has no such features in it, and while we can agree that there likely will be better solutions for determining "ideal blocksize", IMO it's better to have something that is not ideal than the current situation.
Thanks for your time.
@_date: 2016-11-29 19:15:15
He is, perhaps you are misinformed. SegWit as implemented in the current release fits less transactions per Kb of blocksize than regular transactions. This can be changed in the future, by implementing SegWit addresses, but as of right now what form these addresses will take on a technical level hasn't been even defined. 
So right now, while being accompanied by an increase in max blocksize (of sorts, it's measured differently), Segwit will actually fit less transactions in that "bigger" blocksize than would fit in a regular block if the cap were raised to the same size.
@_date: 2016-12-03 20:30:03
You are mistaken. Under high-inflation systems, the poor suffer even more than under hard currencies. The banking sector tends to become ever more abusive with the permission of the government; meanwhile the earning capacity of lower classes doesn't grow as fast as the inflation rises.
But of course what you were proposing was insane to begin with. Your thesis is that private debt owners would willingly lose money, and yet, somehow, would remain in business, out of the goodness of their hearts, for the benefit of society at large. That's obviously not something that ever happened.
For anyone who actually understands what happened with Italy and their incorporation into the eurozone, your interpretation is hilarious.
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:39:34


Fluffy, I'm usually behind you (certainly not in this debate, but I do see you PoV), but man, this is super arrogant, and not helping drive your point at all. shouldn't have asked whether you were a developer (it shouldn't matter for the sake of this debate), but really? 
People who're not into Monero shouldn't really have to know who you are, and it doesn't make them idiots nor uninformed.
@_date: 2016-11-28 20:07:15


It seems like I'm debating the same person that I responded to above. The whole point of my response was to ask for sources, research, or lacking that, perhaps even just well-reasoned, meaningful debate. You are doing the opposite.
@_date: 2016-12-17 22:18:57
My prediction: 792.56 USD per Bitcoin on December 31st.
RemindMe! on january 1st
@_date: 2016-11-30 17:12:16
No, it will stay in the mempool for a hard to predict period of time, but usually around 72h.
It's a really tricky situation, but what you could do is use CPFP to make the transaction go through provided you control the receiving address. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:01:33
I didn't ask you what you would do with your coins, because we're discussing something else entirely. And it seems I can't get you to answer a simple question regarding simple, provable, **probable** reality. 
REgardless of what you think of "meetings", that one happened, and the people who matter were there, and agreed on a protocol upgrade. That individual Core members don't like it is pretty irrelevant. 
We're discussing how a global satellite network contracted by a private company claiming to work in the service of bitcoin , could a) affect the likelihood of the HF taking place at all, and b) what it would mean for Bitcoin, that company, and the intentions of everyone involved, if, if the HF does indeed come to pass, said company continues broadasting blocks from a deprecated network. 
It's not a hard question, and of course you're not obligated to answer it if you don't feel like it. But if you don't want to, then why engage in this discussion at all?
@_date: 2017-08-27 15:58:56


Just curious, what are some of those facts? All I see on both sides is "LOL, LegacyCoin is doomed and will collapse under runaway fees", and "LOL, Bcash's EDA is going to kill it". 
None of those statements are facts, and yet both communities treat them as such.
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:22:43
Well, it gives big block purists what they want, and it gives SegWit an honest shot at an open market to compete for the role of "real bitcoin". So in my book, it's great that they both exist, given that all previous holders get coins on both chains.
So it's "fair" in that regard, would you not agree?
@_date: 2016-11-30 08:15:40
It can be really hard yo separate the truth from both intrntional misdirections, and just plain complex technical matters. I'm afraid to say both "sides" of the debate engage in deception at times to further their agenda.
The best we can all hope to do is continue asking questions in a humble and honest matter, and judge the answers by their clarity and directness. 
Also I wouldn't demonize that other sub just yet, angry as it is. It can in fact be a good resource of information, as people can speak their minds freely. 
Give it a whirl and ask this question in both places; surely you'll be able to extract something of value from it!
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:48:17
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-08-09 14:35:21
Garzik is most certainly a Bitcoin Core developer. Are you sure of that 100%? Did you ask the 400+ contributors?
Or are we defining "Bitcoin developers" as something completely different now?
@_date: 2016-11-30 19:08:44
The thing with CPFP is that it could even work if you moved btc from your change address, but alas, I see that transaction didn't have any change. Cheers right back.
@_date: 2016-11-28 10:27:01


Sigh, it's really hard to have meaningful debates when at each turn, all real concerns end up being thrown away in favor of arguments-from-authority. 
I mean this in the most respectful way, and while we all understand that SegWit brings some much-needed, if not really urgent, fixes, we're currently debating a very real concern, in the context of how it compares, and what the arguments are being made against, with alternative scaling proposals. And what's unavoidable from this restricted PoV are a couple of things:
* In its current form, the activation of SegWit would make the "transaction efficiency"  go down. Theoretically, this will get better, but it will require a further change in the software, and a defining of SegWit addresses, which currently doesn't even exist.
* The argument the supporters of "SegWit-as-is" claim that "this is the scaling solution we have been waiting for", and to varying degrees (depending on the person), even slam the alternatives as "unsustainable", and "hardforks being hard/impossible/dangerous".
* Meanwhile the BU proposal is a single HF, that would allow for infinite raises in the blocksize thereafter.
Now, I think we all agree that raising the blocksize to much larger than 16mb in today's hardware would be unsustainable for the network (even assuming there would be a demand for such a blocksize, which there absolutely there is not); and certainly the raw, current, proposal by BU isn't sustainable long term. But then again neither is SegWit's with its maximum 2.1mb theoretical equivalent (which, again, is still ways off into the future and would require further changes), even if we subscribed to the idea that the LN would be able to cover all or even most usecases for the blockchain today (which it doesn't, not to mention that the LN has its own set of problems that I don't even want to get into).
So what we have a 2 very different camps: 
The first proposes to activate SW, for a very, very modest blocksize increase, that, were growth reestablished, wouldn't even be sufficient tp get us to the end of 2017, but that requires some very complex further changes to even make use of the full theoretical possible capacity increase. It also fixes malleability and a couple other things; some argue in an overly complex manner, and others argue in a very urgent manner.
The second one proposes a one-time consensus changing HF, that would solve scalability for the foreseeable future without the need for further complications, and which would give ample time to a) fix malleability and other issues, potentially in a cleaner and more future-proof way, and b) find more definite and sustainable solutions for the long-term (&gt;10years away), some of which we have seen a preview of what they could look like, like mimblewimble.
In the end I think the divide rests amongst 2 sets of people with completely opposite **priorities**, none of which are objectively correct: the first group wants to take scaling off-chain ASAP from the belief that the blockchain as a resource should be saved and economised like a precious commodity, and the second group who think it prioritary to let the market be able to adopt bitcoin to its heart content and not restrict it in the slightest, in the interest of seeing it reach mainstream adoption for real, seeking short-term solutions for foreseeable problems, and with a design philosophy that aims to solve long-term sustainability problems without the pressure of the currency losing its first-mover advantage.
Say what you will about either group, but with few exceptions, I think it's unfair to label any one group as "wanting to destroy bitcoin" (like some of the most rabid zealots have taken to believing, but also like some of the people on this sub accuse those people of, by labelling as "blockers"). It's a very political problem, and it's indeed hard for non-expert people to hold truly informed opinions on the matter.
Let's keep all of this into account moving forward with the debate, shall we?
@_date: 2016-12-13 11:01:34
Given your rwcord on this thread I know it's unlikely it'll be productive to point things out for you, but man, the person you are debating with has dedicated himself to give simple, concrete, and non-offensive responses to your arguing points, and you're not following them.
This latest one completely shifted the debate, and amounts to an appeal to authority.
Either you don't understand his very simple points, or you are finding it impossible to counter them in the same simple, non-fallacious, and non-toxic manner.
Either way, you, and others on this thread and all over this sub, are giving an absolutely terrible image to the small-blockers, and I say this as someone who recognizes what merits the small-block argument has. I genuinely believe you'd do far more good to your cause by not commenting at all.
Just a suggestion. Do with it what you will.
@_date: 2016-12-11 08:41:16
I am not, and I'm not a part of any "You". I'm open to a redefining of the terms, as long as the whole community agrees. And in this instance, you seem to be going against what the original Core Team defined as "Hard Fork":
@_date: 2016-11-28 20:45:45


I'm trying to zoom into the block explorers' stats to find a period where fees might have gone down drastically or even to zero in response to this behavior you mention, and I can't find it. Could you point me, date-wise, in the general direction of when this took place, for me to be able to argue data-in-hand?


So bitcoin's demand hasn't continued growing since the last softcap (750kb?)? I find this hard to believe.


How can you be so sure of this? I ask because the graphs show what they show -a continued and progressive increase until the limit was reached-, and I tend to interpret according to Occam's Razor.


I thought a minimum fee was hardcoded since a few releases ago?


Is this not what we would see in a world with competing interests sans-BU? AFAIK, BU merely formalizes (and puts hard restrictions), on this consensus-building mechanism that has been a part of bitcoin since it was released. It makes it so people won't have to change software, for those of them who'd rather follow the longer proof-of-work chain, for whatever consensus rules. For those that have a more definite idea of what they want "their" bitcoin to be (such as the 1MB limit), the configurable settings allow them to set that as well, and in those cases they wouldn't see blocks confirmed that would later be rejected.
Perhaps I'm missing something, but I don't see this as "network instability and unreliability" any more than I'd see it with a malicious miner attempting a 51% attack and later have their block(s) be re-rejected due to them not actually succeeding. Such a thing can also happen in a Core-dominated network, it's just something we haven't seen before (to a problematic extent I mean).


I don't interpret the situation like this at all. I think miners are pretty politically-agnostic, and just want to continue doing what's most profitable for them, long-term. And that includes making sure bitcoin remains a stable and trusted currency.


I think the "miners in charge" is as big of a fallacy as the "users are in charge" idea. We're both codependent and crucial aspects of the network. Adam Back seems to understand that miners are not unimportant, as we flew to Hong Kong to sign that agreement, when miners had announced they are about to start mining with Classic.


Sure; bitcoin is working (except when it doesn't), and its value hasn't exactly tanked (it's stopped growing, though, something I think many people in the community feel is directly correlated with the halting of adoption growth), but I would hardly call it something truly useful in its current state. Perhaps future improvements like the LN might render it so, and for the sake of all involved I do hope we can reach a resolution soon.
@_date: 2016-12-08 10:10:20
But what are you saying they sulked on? They have been pretty open about their opinion of the network needing to support more throughput for the sake of businesses, and that didn't end up being resolved. So they quit. 
Do you somehow believe that they quit just to spite us? To give Bitcoin a bad name? I don't know if you're a businessman or not, but these decisions are very seldom made for political statements. I'm 100% they decided to withdraw from Bitcoin brokering, because it made economic sense for them. And I don't believe this situation came about because they supported big blocks. Nor do I believe they could have "found a way to get there", as you say. How could they do this, if there's no alternative to scaling today? Perhaps in 2 years we'll have a functioning LN, but today, we don't, and businesses need to remain profitable in the meantime to keep their doors open. Or did you mean something else by "sulking"?
As I said, I also don't love that they went to the WSJ to publicize those opinions either, but let's not confuse the causality here. And from their PoV, I think it makes all the sense in the world; they warned us that "they" (the metaphorical "they", meaning expansive financial businesses) needed big blocks or further scaling, and the community couldn't get behind any such efforts. They started losing money, so they quit. So when they get asked about it by a financial publication, why would they not be open about it? We can say "hey, we're fine with our decision, and it's just that we decided that the network shoud be like this, and there's no place in the ecosystem for financial services, or anything other than big settlement transactions", but then why would we be upset at them for stating their opinion? As I said, I think it boils down to us not having made our own minds up on the matter. We'd like to see the ecosystem continue growing with all that it entails, but at the same time we believe in this idea that the consensus rules should be immutable forever. 
We cannot have it both ways, and we need to make our minds up. The people over at the other sub know they want to continue growing, and they're willing to sacrifice the immutability of the consensus rules for it. It's us who're a bit confused, it seems. 
I personally don't see an easy solution to this. Do you?
@_date: 2016-12-26 14:16:46
Google supports U2F devices, so it absolutely would protect you.
@_date: 2017-08-15 07:57:03
Jesus Christ don't do this. 
@_date: 2016-12-24 07:02:29
So it seems that since around summer of last year, Bitcoin's price has been severely underperforming according to this prediction model?
It's tremendously curious to me how for some people on this sub these sorts of things are taken as good news and cause for excitement, while for the rest they're signs that something is wrong.
@_date: 2016-12-03 20:48:48
Doesn't quite exist yet, and with such a large portion of the community getting behind the "immutable bitcoin" idea, the chances of anything like that ever coming to fruition seem idealistic at best. When we're able to HF towards a dynamic blocksize, I may change my mind. But this debate has been raging on for 3 years now.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:15:52
So I will ask once again: where is your evidence of this?
@_date: 2016-11-29 23:21:29
Miners still have to transfer, and store, the SW blocks. [Here's a comment that sparks a discussion on the matter](
The witness data needs to be accounted for, lest this becomes a very deceptive and unfair debate.
@_date: 2016-11-29 08:42:10
How do you differentiate between "pumping" (to the extent that a person in a forum can do that), and genuine discussion of the shortcomings of bitcoin? What if people believe honestly, even without owning alts, that the Core project is flawed and its problems should be discussed? What would you make of their intentions then?
I just think it's very easy, and dangerous to label anyone who wants to discuss problems as "enemies". And as with most thought-ending simplifications, it likely hides the actual problems.
@_date: 2016-12-03 20:43:58
Ugh, such a hateful, unnecessary, and ignorant comment. You would have done better to remain silent.
@_date: 2016-12-02 08:28:29
Thank you for posting such a detailed thread, that refrains from having to use personal insults, conspiracy theories, or general namecalling to drive your point. 
Of course this is completely obvious, and something anyone versed in basic maths should have arrived at a similar conclusion on their own.
Just a small quip to your stats: I would have preferred the usage data to be presented in (mean) tx/day, rather than tx/s. I know it should be essentially the same (if losing quite a lot of resolution due to your not including a lot of decimal places), but I think for demonstration and presentation purposes, tx/day is far more intuitively graspable. 
For a future post, you might want to explore the daily variance in block discovery as well, and how (as it has happened recently) it affects mempool buildup as well. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 14:18:14
I'm merely commenting on the interpretation being promoted on this sub, by the moderators no less. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 09:23:58
Red-herring. Why is it so uncomfortable to tell the truth? For the last 2 days, there've been posts on the frontpage mocking people who were "overpaying their fees" and even -gasp!- blaming them for raising them for everyone else, an argument that even Adam Back has used (and that I frankly don't understand).
Now that a lot of people have seemingly listened to all of this talk, and submitted their tx's with 10sat/byte fees, and the mempool is rising once again, they're watching in horror the prospect of seeing their txns remain unconfirmed for who knows how many days.
But that's not the worst part; the worst part is that if they dare (and succeed) in asking/commenting about it, all they'll receive here are insults and abuse, because it'll be "their own damned fault".
Can we not look inside for a bit and realize how toxic it all is?
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:59:27


I find it interesting that people around here claim to know better than miners what's best for them. But beyond that, do you truly, honestly, in your heart of hearts, believe that any miner currently mining in 2017 can't already handle GB blocks?
It's just ridiculous, I'm sorry.
Edit: at the end of that phrase, I think you meant to say **SAD!**
@_date: 2017-11-03 21:57:16


How can the market "count more", if you just said that the market backing a bitcoin upgrade without the blessing from core would "create an altcoin"? 
If you're reconsidering what you had stated, I won't criticise you for correcting yourself (particularly since I'd agree), but I will ask you to confirm it, since you just contradicted what you had said.
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:02:06


Could you provide an example of such a person? I honestly have no idea whatsoever of who you could possibly be referring to.
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:47:45
Hey buddy!
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:16:35
OK, friend. Settle down.
@_date: 2017-11-23 09:40:21
Stop red herring and talking about things that don't exist right now. Yesterday there were plenty of comments advising that 10sat/kb was "plenty to get confirmed", and now those transactions are stuck and buried beneath at least 14k of higher fees-transactions.
And there's a shitton of them.
Oh what's that, you say? You don't see anyone complaining around here? I wonder why that is...
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:28:04


That's the thing, though... It's not just me. But you're right about something though: it is certainly becoming too expensive for me to consider it a useful asset, let alone currency.
I'm close to getting rid of my coins due to this, in fact. Would you be willing to revisit the subject in a little while?
RemindMe! 1 year "was the community's disregard for the fee situation a good decision for bitcoin?"
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:51:45


I see that you do, I just think you're wrong. I didn't say the US was a result of an unregulated capitalist system, just a poorly-regulated one (ie: one where, indeed the nontransparency in selecting juicy contracts, as you pointed out, allows them to do so in a corrupt manner). In a purely capitalistic (Libertarian) system, the extreme concentration of wealth and massive corporativism, would simply take decades, rather than the centuries it's taken for the US.
@_date: 2017-11-21 06:05:34
You may want to check other venues for more detailed information than you're getting.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:04:02
You're a very long time user, but it's only in the last few months/1 year at most where I've seen you devolve to these downright trollish behaviours.
What happened to you, honestly? You don't need to be an agry troll to defend small blocks, and it's certainly not exclusive to admitting the current real-world limitations of bitcoin.
You're helping nobody here, much less your own camp by posting these low-effort, aggressive, and hostile-to-outsiders and newcomers comments.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:08:23


What do you mean by this, in exact terms? What people? Is it core? 
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:43:09
The inaccurate (to say the least) narrative they're trying to push with a title like that, and your propping up of what amounts to a shit excuse for journalism.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:14:21


Pure capitalism unavoidably always leads to corporativism. The US in it's current state is a result of too-poorly regulated capitalism. No other sinister forces necessary. 
It's people who proudly proclaim the US' current state is a result of "political corruption", without a second thought for where this corruption came from, who lack the overarching long-term view. It's like saying that "the real problem with doing children in Africa isn't hunger, it's that they don't have food".
Capitalism is working exactly as it should in the US. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:04:24
You're not answering the question, though. Does the code that Core produces define what bitcoin is? 
@_date: 2017-11-03 06:10:32
Wait, wait... Are you saying that you believe that a bitcoin protocol upgrade can either continue to be bitcoin, or become an altcoin, depending on whether Core are convinced to go along?
This makes no sense, and it is disturbing to me.
@_date: 2017-11-04 10:07:54
I know what he's saying, it's just absurd from what we know. A market without antitrust regulation is a market where, trust me, no corporation needs to "bribe" any consumer to have them use their products and services.
That people don't understand this very basic microeconomics notion is astounding to me.
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:41:27
LOL WTF? You can either provide the very simple clarification I asked for, or you can't. The problem with sly insinuations so mysterious that nobody can tell even what you actually mean is exactly this: that if actually asked to clarify, your argument breaks down.
Seriously, I just want to know who you were talking about. The rest of your speculations about me are completely unnecesary, and really just serves to detract from your point (whatever TF that was; as I said it's impossible to even know).
@_date: 2017-11-19 09:26:54


Your exchange rate is being ever so sligthly raised. You are paying for that service, make no mistake about it. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 11:22:13
Yup. Bitcoin is currently a massive bubble. Which isn't in itself bad, insofar as it serves to bring market adoption and commerce on the bandwagon, but we shouldn't be kidding ourselves about where this value is currently coming from.
The usability value may catch up someday, but it may just as well pop and spill bitcoin guts all over people who indebted themselves to jump on it.
@_date: 2017-11-03 11:18:38
That's untrue for real estate. The house market can turn to shit, but if you bought it to live in it, its value to you doesn't change. You could be in the worst economic crisis of your lifetime, but if you own your home, you've got that going for you.
Stocks and crypto can (and do, ocassionally) vanish into thin air.
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:22:43
You seem awfully obsessed with BCH.
@_date: 2017-11-23 13:38:26
Who said anything about the other coin? I care about the fees because I'm a motherfucking bitcoin user, and yes, if we continue to ignore and downright deny that there is an issue with the fees and transaction capacity, I fear bitcoin WILL "continue to die".
Or what, now I need to get with the program of denialism in order to be considered a "worthy" user of bitcoin? What's next; a Core dev telling me what kind of uses I should give to my use of bitcoin?
Oh wait
@_date: 2017-11-12 21:43:47
What GP is saying, is that your opinion is meaningless when most of he people/investors is contrary to that.
Perhaps it's worth it to get a double take on our beliefs here?
@_date: 2017-11-02 06:57:04
I steal things? First time I've heard of it.
@_date: 2017-11-03 07:06:08


100% right, but then again bitcoin doesn't offer any kind of guarantee to those effects.
@_date: 2017-11-12 11:21:51
You are using words, while the market is voting in complete contradiction with your words.
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:50:59
Except for this thread, you mean?
@_date: 2017-11-23 09:14:55
Well yes, he would be branded as such, because that's basically what his post is. And he'd be allowed to say it.
What I find more concerning is that there no (allowed) voices of reason to correct GP's glaring innacuracies and downright unsubstantial appreciations. It's upvoted to hell. 
So you tell me where the room with resonating sounds is.
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:14:34


This is a ridiculous proposition when the competition advertises itself as being able to do everything.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:42:15
Actually, that miners "use" AB is very much **not** an established fact, and it is evidenceless. But beyond that, even if they *did*, use AB, the fact that bitcoin cash doesn't have segwit doesn't come even close to "proving" that that's the reason those miners supported BCH; as AA insinuated on that tweet. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 11:19:58


They're not. If you do this right now, your transaction will remain stuck.
And I don't even know what BCH has to do with anything.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:25:41
Wait, are you saying congestion isn't an issue? Are you for real?
@_date: 2017-11-03 22:19:25
Corporatism makes sense even in a libertarian society (of which no successful one has existed yet I'd like to clarify, because you seem to be implying that what you're declaring about them are self-evident observations) for the exact same reason in little-regulated markets the tendency is towards confluence and monopoly: because larger corporations (or indeed, guilds) are better able to fend for themselves and compete than unaffiliated entities. But you are right in a sense, and i get that what you're saying is that what I described is better termed as "Corporatocracy".


I actually think this lies at the very center of our disagreement!
@_date: 2017-11-23 11:22:58
Those transactions are **all** currently stuck. Consider for a second before responding whether there's anything to complain about. In response to my very comment some other person just reasserted themselves that "10sats fee is fine".
The denialism is strong with you.
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:56:28
A biased CoinDesk article? And propped up by you, CH?
As of right now, [S2x signalling remains at 85%]( There isn't a lot of ambiguity regarding what miners' intentions are. This is an odd article.
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:46:57


Does it? Or does it sound more like natural selection, the antithesis of religion?
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:53:43
I may be confused, then. I did a cursory read on the other sub's headlines, and there doesn't seem to be anything relating to node count. 
Could you clarify what you meant?
@_date: 2017-11-04 14:31:52


The way it's killed local retailers all over the US (with its weaker antitrust laws). [Heck there's been more than one documentary about it]( The same way it hasn't had quite as strong an effect in local commerce in Europe, with its stronger regulation.
With the last few mega-conglomerates of cable and ISPs merging in the US, I'm surprised you're unaware of the very [well described mechanisms by which monopolies tend to emerge in deregulated markets](
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:09:35
That's not what I asked, though.
@_date: 2017-11-03 11:15:53
I don't disagree. Judt saying that people who come on here to listen to advice would be best served to be adviced the bitcoin equivalent of caution.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:26:40
Ah gee. engaging in evidenceless conspiracy theories. This is truly a sad day for bitcoin. 
What happened to you, Andreas?
@_date: 2017-11-15 06:07:06
That's neither what I have observed you do, nor do in precisely this very interaction with you. And we're still not back on topic.
@_date: 2017-11-11 13:43:56
It sure has lost a ton of real-world usability, though. I think it's fair to say that today, the proportion of bitcoin's value that comes from speculation is higher than say, a couple of years ago.
@_date: 2017-11-02 07:00:46
Did you have a brain aneurysm? What does anything of what we were discussing have to do with bch, Ver, or his website?
Is it that hard to give continuity so a single-thread discussion? Do you really believe any miner won't be able to handle big blocks in the foreseeable future or not?
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:41:42
Astroturfer? I've been here and in bitcoin since 2011. But apparently, asking for a big bitcoin personality, someone who  calls himself (at least used to, not quite how it has all evolved in the last couple of years) a bitcoin maximalist like not to engage in conspiracy theories without presenting tangible evidence is a taboo now. 
And now he only bothers to engage with the community sheepishly when he's called Bitcoin Jesus. 
As I said, sad day all around. This isn't the Andreas  I liked a few years ago.
@_date: 2017-11-09 12:24:36
Are you calling for the blacklist to be erased? Because pretending sw2x was what divided the community is ignoring the elephant in the room.
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:50:40


You really got no clue what traders do, do you?
That's like saying "I can't believe someone who spends their day wearing a white coat, prodding people, and banging nurses in the closet can be so much better off than most americans. Those other americans are good at farming, they just happen to not be great at internal medicine. Life so unfair".
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:13:25
Could you at least not copy and paste the same thing all over this thread? Even trolling requires some effort!
@_date: 2017-11-03 07:02:55
Here's the thing, though. It could just as well have crashed after $400, and you'd be left with no bitcoins, and a ton of debt.
Nobody is saying that bitcoin doesn't have the potential to continue appreciating faster than your debt's interest rates. What GP is saying is that it's still every bit as much of a gamble as the riskiest of stocks, if not more. And some things  in life, well, they're worth it to settle if or when you have the financial capacity to do it.
You're making the equivalent argument of peoplewhto take loans to buy bitcoin. It could pay off, but it's still a massive, monumental risk. And to these people (and debt-holders), a downturn in bitcoin is far more real-life damaging and serious than if you dropped beer money into bitcoin in 2010 and are now just riding the coaster.
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:46:42
Why? It's here now. What has it being activated only a few months ago got to do with it not providing the congestion relief it was supposed to?
@_date: 2017-04-16 06:59:16
I know you personally have not said these things (at least here), but it's ironic how these past 2 years, the people that have opposed a HF to upgrade the protocol, have said that immutability is paramount whatever the costs may be, because bitcoin is that important.
Now you're paddling the other way, and simultaneously to calling miners who support a HF dishonest, you're back to calling bitcoin "too early of an experiment".
You have got to see that regardless of my dislike for shady and slimy debate "tactics", your position is innerly and logically inconsistent, to the point that the only logical conclusion is that you haven't really considered or been faced with all the ramifications of your beliefs before this, but you merely "picked a side" and are now sticking to it (possibly by submission to the perception that "experts" support this, again, without being aware of the irony of citing bitcoin's youth, while believing there are experts in all aspects of it).
Anyways, no, bitcoin's incentive mechanisms are not broken. Miners have more skin  in the game for the long-term success of bitcoin than almost anyone else on the planet; and refusing to understand this is an act of rhetorical contortionism that should make any honest and smart person take a step back and reconsider how the fuck they arrived at believing this that lead them to concluding something different.
@_date: 2017-04-20 06:06:25
The responses to this thread (and the attitude), is a perfect example of the problem the community has been complaining about regarding the current devs.
Comtradictory claims, condescending responses... Ugh.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:47:41


I didn't claim it was, and I am aware of the industry you talk about. We're talking about huge departments within huge companies dedicating insane amounts of resources to doing this very thing. We're supposed to believe a guy in his basement did this in his free time?
@_date: 2017-04-06 18:27:24






What? No. Firmware isn't stored in source-code on chips. Even if you could somehow **extract** firmware from a non-upgradable chip (something extremely unlikely, and in any case also requiring specialized hardware for those chips susceptible to it), you'd be looking at binary code, which you can't do much with.
The amount of technical illiteracy in these speculations is staggering. 
This is not to say any kind of analysis is impossible, but I'd also like to see a specific and rigorous report from and not merely accusations meant to rally up support for what is essentially a PoW modification.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:27:41


Which is what I said?


Neither does a dude in his basement. I'm sorry, there's just no two ways about it. 
Regardless, all this speculation is fascinating to me, in that people are contorting themselves defending remote possibilities before doing something as simple as demanding proof. Shouldn't be too hard to do. 
And even when we get proof, we'll need to have an open discussion where cries of "attack on the bitcoin protocol", and for the immediate adoption of a measure at least of equivalent contentiousness as SegWit, shouldn't have a place. This screams of declarations of war by heads of state for the purpose of bypassing the rule of law and acquiring all the powers of government by a single person, who end up becoming authoritarians.
It's a complex matter, and this sub doesn't lend itself to any kind of nuanced discussion, which is why I don't participate a lot.
@_date: 2017-04-20 21:20:12
The reason this comment is meaningless is because it amounts to a "no true Scotsman" argument. Whether he was or not in agreement with what his partners, the other, most influential members from the group known as "Core Developers", signed, they did so nevertheless (leaving aside the president from the company that employs them all), and they did so with the full knowledge and intention that their signature would be taken as a formal agreement to do just that. He could argue that he personally disagreed with the decision (as he would if, for instance, BlockSstream entered into an agreement with which he did not agree), but not that "Core didn't agree to anything, because nobody speaks for core".
Nobody speaks for core, they're a decentralized and heterogeneous group, nobody has control, etc.; except when it comes to certain other matters: Core are the only talented experts that could possibly adequately maintain such complex code (really? all 100+ contributors, many of whom are o ly pseudonymous, have been verified to be these kinds of experts?), Core are in unanimous consensus about the best path forward (except when they're not, in which case they're booted from the project), Core are decentralised (except when a single company hires the ones whose proposals curiously are the only ones that are accepted, despite its "open proposals submission mechanism"), Core is being attacked and character assassinated (who are, exactly? All 100 of them, including the pseudonymous ones?). Cor e have "fixed their communication issues", Core have a clear roadmap, core have a website. 
Core cannot simultaneously be a synonym of unquestionable authority, and also an ethereal group of unreachable people, according to the circumstances.
This is a weak-ass (intellectually, as clearly socially it's proven to be very effective) argument that shouldn't be able to fool most 5th graders, let alone self-processed liberty seekers. It's a sad state of affairs when do many people rally behind such vacuous "arguments", and hail them as shit "worth stickiing". Especially bitcoiners. Bsck in 2011 I don't think many of us who were into it would have fallen for these arguments. Coincidentally, not many of who today refer to themselves as "core developers" were in the community then.
@_date: 2017-04-10 19:17:23
I think this is a position even BU would accept. In highly controversial waters, a simple majority of hashpower will suffice.
At that point a HF makes far more sense, would be cleaner, wpuld allow for PoW change, difficulty readjustment, etc; but I feel like it's almost splitting hairs at this point. Under those conditions making the changes as SF makes no technical sense, but for people who're ideologically married to the idea, I certainly won't oppose it if the can rally even a simple majority of hashpower.
That's how nakamoto consensus was meant to work.
@_date: 2017-04-14 22:01:29
I mean no offense by this, but it's painful reading such amateurish and yet so sure-sounding takes on game theory.
The takeaway from your arguments is that you don't trust the incentives system built into bitcoin to work. If we're going to assume you're right, the only logical conclusion is that bitcoin is doomed, at least as the disruptive and censorship-rrsistant currency that it was meant to be. And to be quite frank... Fiat is a much better currency, if we're going to compare currencies that require a central authority to babysit them.
@_date: 2017-04-14 19:14:35
If the correlation were as clear as you make it out to be, the miners would be acting irrationally by not allowing bitcoin (and their investments to yield) to soar.
Miners are not acting irrationally.
The much simpler explanation is that you are falling prey to confirmation bias.
@_date: 2017-04-07 07:28:56
What? Machine code =/ assembly, it's binary. It's not impervious to analysis by any means, but it absolutely is not a human-readable programming language (ancient or otherwise) at all.
@_date: 2017-04-14 06:18:05
But there **is** recourse against miners, as tons of people point out every day on this sub: economic activity. And thatbs something that cannot be faked without a few hundred million dollars to manipulate the markets. If what you said were true, and most users were opposed to the status quo, the price of bitcoin would be dropping as people sold their holdings.
So perhaps consider that you are not privy to what "the majority thinks", if your conclusion is at odds with what the market is showing?
@_date: 2017-04-14 19:00:27
I don't disagree with anything if what you say, and I don't think your points contradict mine at all.
@_date: 2017-04-01 18:07:25
Of course you would respond with a tongue-in-cheek, and yet somehow still in slap-in-the-face manner, instead of so much as acknowledging the issue. 
Bitcoin isn't a space shuttle. It's an attempt of an expression of "money" an inherently sociological and abstract concept. With this I don't mean to say that technical prowess isn't necessary for a successful bitcoin to happen, but you're very gravely deluding yourself if you believe for a second that technical arguments from authority (because although I don't wish to turn this thread into a whole rehash over the technical merits and non-merits and tradeoffs between SW and a simple blocksize increase; it's a complete fabrication on your part, and something that you're simply not succeeding in convincing the community however much you repeat it, that SegWit is somehow "unmistakenly the technically superior option") will stop the approaching HF from happening. 
Bitcoin is first and foremost a market creature. Denying its nature, and worse still, acting as if you were the person with sole control over it, will end  with us arriving to the direction the community is taking bitcoin. No amount of slander, appeals to authority, delegitimization of miners, etc., will change this fact. 
It's a shame, and you don't even realize that even long-time supporters of Core's roadmap are being turned away by the attitude of people like Maxwell, Corallo (and yes, even you even though you're not a part of Core, for some reason there's a defacto influence that's palpable there), and you.
And that's why I paraphrased Einstein, and not Feynman. Mock me all you want; feel vindicated in having humiliated someone who as it turns out was right along with you for most of this ride... But don't say you didn't see this coming. Bitcoin is not **your** creation, Adam, no matter how much you've been trying to get people to believe so. You don't control it; but what influence you had, you're about to lose if you (the collective you) don't wake the f up and stop treating the community like retards.
@_date: 2017-04-07 07:36:54
 &gt; It is no real modification if covert upgrade-blocking boosting is not in use, 
That's one "if" too many. It's trying to hide facts behind semantics.


There's no need to talk in abstracts when it's your announcement we're discussing, Mr. Maxwell. Should I take this to mean this is indeed what you did? And regardless of it, could you please provide your report, or any other kind of evidence, to support your claim? Especially in light of Bitmain's denial. It's baffling to me that you'll spend hours throwing gasoline on these accusations' fire by participating in these threads, instead of settling the matter once and for all, and in the process, unequivocally condemning them not only of your original accusations, but also on blatantly lying about it.
Very telling, indeed.
@_date: 2017-04-01 18:17:00


I'm sorry, this is simply untrue.  The only proposal to come out of the people mentioned in that "R&amp;D effort" was a HF that reduces the HF to 300kb. That is not what GP was talking about, something I absolutely agree with. If Core came out and said "here's a HF included in this release, it'll activate on december 15th", this shit will be solved.
Please don't give me the whole "Core can't promise such things"; or else how was SegWit released? Regardless of their internal functioning (which is why I find it absurd that they'd publicly shield themselves in being "decentralized and with nobody in control"), they offered SW in a release code, they can offer a HF in released code. And if they can't do that, then this "decentralzed" way of functioning is failing, and the much less prepared people at BU will take the cake just by sheer virtue of being able to offer what the community wants.
The time for excuses is over. Nobody needs to hear more explanations. Either they can get it done, or they can't. And if they can't offer it up such as SW, then how is anyone supposed to trust that they'll eventually release what the community actually wants?
@_date: 2017-04-01 10:21:57
I'm sorry Adam, but this is not how one resolves a conflict within the community. If the Core team (of which you're not a part of, not really sure on what authority you're making these community-wide "proposals"?) decides to continue along the current path, the expected result is that the progression from the last few weeks that we've seen in support for the HF alternative, will continue.
You can't continue doing the same thing and expecting different results. Einstein had something to say about that, I believe.
@_date: 2018-03-13 17:01:34


Forgive me for not keeping the arguments in mind (check out how many replies I've gotten,and how each gives a different reason for why Ver should be lynched), but how exactly is not mining low fee transactions supposed to "destroy bitcoin", and while mining and helping secure the network no less, again?
@_date: 2018-03-14 15:24:00
The one invention that allows unquestionable pseudonymous proof-of-payment at our disposal, and you expect people to take your word for it.
Yeah, no.
@_date: 2018-03-13 14:50:32
Can you answer this question?




He can be hypocritical (with which I agree), and still not be an evildoer on the network. It's a weird concept, incidentally, that the "badness" of an action performed on a permissionless network, should be defined by intentions.
It can either be bad or not. I don't see how they're damaging anyone by choosing to do that. As others have said, they're even leaving money on the table for the next miner who comes along to take it.
@_date: 2018-03-13 16:57:17




No and no. I'm merely disputing your claim that "there's no good reason they would not mine low fees transactions". I didn't comment on their intentions because I don't know them, not have I made the risk calculations myself. 
Yet, clearly I'm not bulsshitting because as this very OP mentions, b.com isn't the only pool to have done it.
@_date: 2018-03-14 00:26:51


Neither am I, lol, but my best guesstimation is around a few pennies, which falls in line with the observed behaviour by different pools.
@_date: 2018-03-13 06:19:09


Is this what you're worried about? That its mining partners (can't really call them customers if they're actually performing a service themselves) are poor unsuspecting victims? Give me a break.


Right, and some people around here seem very sensitive about that even though the fees are no longer, in fact, high. I just think this to be tragically sad, it reeks of insecurity and a toxic community for an action that truly, really, has no overall effect on the network's fees.
Not to speak of the double standard of, as this very OP shows, that other pools have/had similar policies and nobody criticised them for it.
@_date: 2018-03-13 12:20:15


LOL. Accusing someone of doing bad and then appealing to vagueness and relativity isn't the way to do it, that's for sure. You can either strictly define "bad" (in the context of the bitcoin network) to be able to accuse someone of it, or you don't. You don't get to do both.


Forgive me, and I don't mean to try and be smug and insulting, but this is more or less how a 7 year-old imagines a tight Socratic-style closing argument to be in court. No, setting the minimum price at which they'll settle transactions on **their** blocks isn't "bad", not even if you imagine yourself to be a SJW and trying to equal that to theft. Jesus Christ.


Emphasis mine. Setting a price floor is not "ignoring market value", it's exactly how the market works. I'm going to invoke a certain deity a lot by the end of this comment, but Jesus H. Christ.


That's good that they decided to do that, but it was also good before they decided to do that. At the end of the day they're a business, and they have the **moral** and ethical right to set whatever fucking prices they want to set. 


Again with charatcterizations such as "abusing". You will need to tighly define "abuse" before I can accept this premise.


Another non-defined argument you intend on using without even defining it. Could you explain what this "economic freedom" means, and how exactly some miners are apparently violating it by setting a price floor for processing transactions?


I was not making that argument; I was following **your own original argument** to its logical conclusions. I actually don't believe the bitcoin protocol is broken, but that's also because I believe the current rules allowing miners to set price floors are perfectly OK and not at all disruptive to anything, much less "the free market", or "economic freedom". One argument is the logical conclusion of the next.


WTF are you even on about? What dispute? There are no disputes; there's a miner who has chosen to follow the rules and set their price in accordance with their estimation of a risks:benefit ratio. Nobody would fork anything away **because they're following the current consensus rules to a T**. That's the whole point. Stop bullshitting. Jesus H. Motherfucking Christ.


Here you are again defining a perfectly OK behaviour as "being pricks". Please don't put words in my mouth, I made no argument to that effect, even though it's 100% correct on its face. Bitcoin doesn't need any "authorities", it works perfectly as it is. It seems you don't quite understand how that happens. Like at all.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:46:02
On what, though? On choosing which minimum fee they want to accept?
I'm getting a lot of mixed messages here.
@_date: 2018-03-12 21:41:32


The fact that you consider "what he does" to be "(morally) bad". I don't care, and never argued, against free speech or whatever. I just want to know why you're painting in a certain light a decision that is supposed to be something up to the miners completely, for their individual consideration of the risks:benefits ratio of a bigger block raising the odds of an orphaning vs including transactions with tiny fees.
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:34:47
You are not wrong. But in response to the fact that other pools have, and continue to do it, really goes against the premise of malice, or at the very least of discarding all other possible explanations.
@_date: 2018-03-13 08:26:15


That's an assumption you've made, like from a misunderstanding of how the bitcoin network works. There's actually good reason to leave transactions out of blocks, which incidentally is the same reason some miners sometimes produce empty or non-full blocks. 
If you don't understand that reasoning that's fine, you can ask the question and learn something today. But that's not what you chose to do: You choose to accuse someone of wrongdoing.
@_date: 2018-03-12 14:24:22


Could you provide an example?
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:30:50


It's not the hashing that raises the risk of orphaning, it's the transmission time. 
It's literally the rrason the Core Devs gave for not raising the blocksize, so it's not even my argument to knock down.
@_date: 2017-09-30 08:47:16
OP, this is disingenuous to say the least. And the reason isn't only because it's basically a sliperry slope fallacy.
By following your argument to its final conclusions, we must conform to the notion that a hardfork isn't possible ever, at all? I'm not sure any of the Core devs agree with that.
And then, at the very same time as you're posting this about "government takeover", Matt Corallo was submitting a letter to the **SEC asking them to weigh in and define Bitcoin** as the 1x chain. 
None of this makes any sense, or is even innerly inconsistent. If you want to convince people not to support the compromise upgrade that is SW2x, be truthful and honest.
@_date: 2017-09-27 05:02:55
I'm not sure what it is you're saying. That the people asking for a base block size increase should be grateful? Do you not see how this accomplishes nothing?
@_date: 2017-09-05 08:34:05


This is good, this is how bitcoin is designed to work best.


LOL what? I'm sorry, but bitmain is a huge ass company with huge ass resources and an important percentage of total hashpower. If they **truly** cared more about "pushing an agenda" than profits, they could do a ton of damage to BTC by taking all their HP from it over to BCH permanently.
They're stil commited to BTC, but yes, they seem to believe it'll only ve viable long-term with the 2x part of the NYA. As are &gt;90% of HP and economic interests. Perhaps it's time to trust their desire for profits, and to see bitcoin succeed.
@_date: 2017-09-05 14:49:32
"Siding with Core"? What is this, a popularity election or a permissionless cryptocurrency? I'm "siding" with the consensus, which is damn near overwhelming.
Funny you're changing the subject though, regarding the securing mechanisms of the blockchain. I guess knowing and admitting how bitcoin actually functions is secondary to your need for controversializing polirics.
@_date: 2017-09-19 14:06:19
How does that detract from my point? It adds to it. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 06:07:55
It's not about agreeing or disagreeing, but about crypto.
Could you tell me the exact mechanism by which the government could take my bitcoin? 
@_date: 2017-09-18 19:27:31
You don't realize it, but you're arguing against your own side. Shapeshift clearly had its own dev team, with massive proprietary software packages.
If they're waiting for full support from Core what it tells anyone with a modicum of economic literacy is that it just doesn't make economic sense for then to invest the dev hours into doing it themselves.
Could it be that SW wasn't exactly serving ideally a market demand?
@_date: 2017-09-27 05:01:08
People who don't agree with you are retarded? Yeah, Core tried that strategy already, and here we are.
@_date: 2017-09-05 17:31:42


No, no it's not. But I gather you and people like you have been moving the goalsposts for what "consensus" means for as long as the community has had the audacity to actually disagree. But hey, don't take my word for it. Let's see how "the community" according to you, goes against Sw2X, shall we?
RemindMe! December 1st "did the community reject SW2X?"
@_date: 2018-03-12 21:37:29


Could you explain what exactly is "bad" about a miner choosing a minimum fee? I feel like there are certain codewords around here that I'm not privy to. 
If bitcoin can be "made bad" by following the protocol rules to a T, then surely it must be broken to begin with? I was under the understanding that incentives would be aligned so as to not require "good will" out of any party that uses the network.
@_date: 2018-03-12 14:33:26


Could you point out how exactly this is "clear"?


Do you understand you're saying literally nothing here? Every single piece of investigative journalism "fits a narrative" insofar as literally everything of some social relevance has a political correlate.
These sorts of generalized "criticisms" are less than useless and it amounts to a huge ad-hominem. The way to criticise a show you don't like is to take an example from a segment, and point out exactly where they've commited factual mistakes in their reporting, or even how they're presenting a clearly biased narrative within said topic.
Complaining "it's a politicized show!", makes me go "jesus larry, that's the whole premise. If you don't like shows about politics, then perhaps LWT isn't for you".
Now, and I think this is he crux of the matter, it's a completely different story when you dislike most of the conclusions the show presents, but you can't quite put your finger on it...
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:58:13
Because the support for it is not imaginary, and if 2x were truly a baseless attack from a fringe group, it wouldn't even need to be "defended" against. 
You don't need to use nutmeg in your cookies, but if you see your neighbour having hte best parties, and the line outside their house to buy up some cookies goes around the block, and yours doesn't, it really isn't useful to continue calling your neighbour "an attacker", and declare that if people want to buy the nutmeg cookies, that's fine by you because your D&amp;D club still loves to celebrate its games eating your regular cookies. The Nutmeg recipe isn't patented; in fact it's Open Source, and even your neighbour would love if you'd just use it and continue working together. 
It's you who insists your neighbour and the whole neighbourhood is mistaken and wrong for wanting the nutmeg cookies instead of yours. So what are the options in this situation for your previous customers?
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:00:21
Are you actually admitting that there is, in fact, widedpread consensus for 2X?
This is terribly sad. You're proud to be in the blocking minority, even if your consider said minority to be some sort of technical elite with a moral right to the future of bitcoin.
Actually scratch that, it's actually scary.
@_date: 2018-02-16 11:38:31
This crucial misconception lies at the heart of the centralization forces that peoplr who don't understand how the LN works, don't believe exists or to even be an issue.
It's a huge issue, and "onion routing" doesn't solve it.
@_date: 2018-03-14 06:10:07


Oh, so did you donqte to them, then? Would you care to show us the transaction?
Because if you didn't... This is some of the worst unrepenting, uninsightful, hateful, and freedom-hating shitpost.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:07:36
You don't *have* to move anywhere. Bitcoin's upgrade mechanism is permissionless, you're free to remain in, transact, hold, and support whichever fork you choose.
Some people here would rather force everyone to follow **their** view of bitcoin, I imagine out of fear that in the event of a fork, the majority of the economy wouldn't support "their vision" for bitcoin.
It's something I find deeply innerly inconsistent, given the narrative by most people against 2x that market considerations shouldn't be a part of bitcoin development, and the only thing that matters is a pure and immutable protocol. You can't ignore the economic actors and then complain when the economy doesn't support your fork.
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:19:49
To take it over from whom?
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:30:17


This is not the time to be asking these questions, nor to explain to people who want it that they're wrong because they're stupid. The ecosystem has made it clear what it is it wants. A chain split is coming, unless core and people like you stop devsplaining and get with the program.
I see how this might make some people angry, but I'm not about to try and school devs on how we got to where we are.
The time for discussion is over. All that's left is for Core to decide whether they'll follow virtually all the haspower and most of the economy or not. Everything else is completely superfluous and unimportant.
@_date: 2017-09-30 14:41:04
So, a The Donald frequent contributor made a completely ridiculous prediction based on the weird worldview that he shares with his kind.
It's the evening in China, and no such news have emerged. My question now is: will you learn anything from this?
@_date: 2017-09-01 22:16:25
Funny that, just yesterday I had a friend whose brother is a financial advisor to ask him live (we were out drinking) what he thought about bitcoin.
The brother answered (via text) a huge paragraph about speculation, criminal organizations, and asked us to "think for ourselves" regarding "how something that inflates so quickly surely has something shady going on". 
We laughed and later on she responded to the brother that I was about to buy a house partly with funds gained from investment in Bitcoin, and that I was shockingly not a criminal. 
I don't know. This man isn't stupid, and he's not an old dinosaur set in his ways. I would imagine, were finances my field, I'd be spending hours and hours researching the most disruptive technology to occur in the sector since... computers, probably. It mystifies me.
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:33:40


Which is a complete cop out, given that this request has been going on for 3 years now. 


You can continue talking about messages, and denying that things that are true aren't, and yet it won't change the situation in the slightest. We're headed for a chain split, everyone will jump on top of 2x, and core will be left behind. At this point in time nobody is asking core for any favors, bit simply that they save themselves from irrelevance. If you want to continue denying this as well, well, that's your right.
The next paragraph is a load of unsubstantiated horse shit, but I fully realize I won't be able to help you see it. All I can do is warm you of what's to come, so that you can't say you weren't told.
And the same goes for Core.
@_date: 2017-09-26 21:20:42
RemindMe! 3 months "did SW2x hurt or help bitcoin in the end?".
@_date: 2018-03-16 06:24:13
You seem to be giving a ton of weight and the character of truth to some impressions of yours that might not really reflect reality: from the notion that "bitpay's reputation is somehow damaged and in need of repair", to that of "s2x having been a takeover attempt", or whatever evil plan or intentions you perceive the BCH project to have.
Understanding one's biases, or more accurately, how their usual sources of information might be shaping them, is crucial towards forming complete and truthful ideas about the events that surround us. Because there's one thing you're positively, 100% correct about: it would make no sense whatsoever for a company that was born and turned huge in the Bitcoin ecosystem, to support evil plots to somehow destroy or diminish in any way that very ecosystem.
So something funky is going on here, and I don't think it's Bitpay's actions at all.
@_date: 2017-09-14 07:55:18
OK, can you link me to the study that determined that?
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:52:24
I'm a bitcoiner since 2010. Your friend is a fool. That is all.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:57:36


I'm not sure what you believe your doing to "not let me get on with my little pet fork", but denial isn't stopping it, that's for sure.


Listen, I'm not going to come seek you out come November to say "I told you so", but you're about to find out just how misinformed you are.
I think this is as far as we can go.
@_date: 2018-02-09 07:48:58
Sure thing. I dom't think ths disband of 2x is an episode BTC shpuld be proud of.
@_date: 2018-03-13 14:53:27
Smaller blocks result in lower orphaning rates, which is the whole fucking concept behind keeping BTC at 1MB/block.
So for every transaction you decide to include in your block, you're raising the odds that it'll end up orphaned because of it. Naturally you can assign a precise risk to those additions, and you can set a price below which you consider the increase in risk not worth it anymore.
This is not low-level protocolstuff here.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:37:03
Was he *not* insinuating that "in the case [of the 2x fork] it's noobs that follow it", and "noobs = mainstream"? 
I might very well be mistaken, but the context of the responded to comments seems to indicate that.
@_date: 2017-09-05 15:24:26
So you just going to ignore the companies representing an economic majority? 
I mean, feel free to do so, but miners wouldn't have agreed if the economy wasn't behind them. This is how bitcoin works, how the protocol is defined. You might want to take a look at the whitepaper if you're not clear on this concept.
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:19:09
Virtue signalling in a 2 week-old thread? You keep confirming that you don't really understand how the world works at all.
Oh, you predicted bitcoin would rise again, huh? My, forgive my misunderstanding, oh glorious seer.
Just.. try not to get so angry. Pushing the downvote button so hard will end up hurting your finder. Or your mouse.
@_date: 2017-10-19 05:19:13
Swatting him is horrible an terrifying, but I'm really not sure how a) that amounts to threatening his life (swatting him really feels like the opposite, **unless:**) b) how on earth he believes keeping a gun next to his next is going to help him. Actually, if he's swatted again, that gun will make it ashitton more likely that he'll actually end up dead.
Personal considerations for Lopp aside, I don't think he's making the smart choice here at all, and were I his wife, I'd try and smack some sense into him real fast.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:10:49
Why? Is "permissionless protocol" not a value we uphold now around here?
@_date: 2017-09-26 21:07:49
Are you serious now? Are you unable to have a reasonable and adult discussion? Can you not see the inevitability of the community seeing how people like you talk and behave and not wanting to have anything to do with it?
@_date: 2017-09-05 08:25:16


Where are you getting this from?


I 5hought the protocol itsef is what made bitcoin function. Now we need to add other poorly-defined rules on top of the consensus rules in order for bitcoin not to break?
You are mistaken, this is how bitcoin should work. If you were right then bitcoin is **not** antifragile as advertised, and as such it's not really any more special than the fiat we're proposing it substitutes.
Make your mind up about it, as as it stands, you're engaging in doublespeak.
@_date: 2018-03-16 08:30:54
OK buddy, settle down.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:26:38
Dr. Back, no offense, but your post reads like extremely economically-illiterate drivel. Especially your bit about the Eurozone dynamics, and what exactly happened in Greece.
A currency adoption cannot be compared to the adoption of communication technologies. 
Actually believing that due to market valuation, bitcoin represents &gt; 1% of paper money economy is pure lunacy, plain and simple. A vast, vast majority of today's bitcoin market valuation is due to speculation, and we'd do well to keep that in mind. We all got a cold reminder of that this past week, no less; I'm honestly baffled that you cannot see this.
Wondering out loud about the economics of bitcoin on a public forum is not a bad thing, mind you; but you seem to be making some implications and comparisons that make the act itself look, aside from completely ignorant, devoid from substance. 
Please let's continue forward making an awesome currency that, when the time comes, maintains usability and won't trip itself when the public starts to adopt it at increasing rates -as it used to be the case before the troubles of the better part of the past year-
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:37:40
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:37:09
Is that what the people who want 2x are arguing? I've never seen it be argued.
I think you're confused about what stage we're in. We're no longer in the "discussion stage"; that took years already. Now we're in the "it's time to choose what you'll do regarding the impending split" stage.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:21:39
Nothing of what you said whatsoever explains the email...
@_date: 2017-10-04 07:09:34
I find your level of denial disconcerting. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:02:09
That it's the best monetary system we have found, doesn't make it perfect by any means, and all indications (theoretical as well as hidtorical) point towards capitalism-like systems to be long-term comoletely unsustainably without some kind of cataclysmic cyclicity.
Unbound, unchecked capitalism (and even that which tries to be reigned-in, over time) seems to unavoidably lead to ever-increasing, and ever accelerating wealth concentration that in turn leads tl economic stagnation and a drastic deteriorarion of the quality of life for the majority of the population.
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:45:20
Thankyou, it appears you are correct, aside from the glaring methodological difficulties. I'll agree that it seems far more rigorous than other measures. 
I guess we'll see what happens come november! 
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:33:52
I'm not flip-flopping, I'm making realistic fucking statements.
Swatting someone requires picking up a fucking phone; entering someone's house with the intention of murder requires quite something else.
Swatting someone can get them killed, yes, but taking that to mean an internet death threat is absurd imo, and doubly so if you are going to do the one single thing that would raise the likelihood of you getting killed during a new raid.
"Bravely defending his family" is bullshit bravado, unless he lives in a house with paper walls. He's all that is wrong with second ammendment defenders, and I do fucking pray for his kids that that rifle is unloaded. But then if it is unloaded, it's not really effective in the imagined worst-case scenario of someone jumping through his window out to fucking murder him, is it?
You say I flip-flop, while failing to recognize that what he's doing doesn't make any sense, and is putting his family in even more danger.
But hey, "that's just me", and now I'll prepare to be insulted by the freedom warriors who like to ignore evidence and simple common sense when it comes to the situations that are more dangerous involving firearms.
@_date: 2017-09-30 08:34:52
Some sources on when he has pussied-out before? Genuinely curious.
@_date: 2017-09-29 08:19:48


Yeah, this actually speaks against your hypothesis, and more towards you having a Trojan or having visited a rogue clone site (or the latter facilitated by the former).
Sorry dude.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:12:45
You won't. I'm not great into conspiracy theories, but if I had to take a guess, being shored up for 5 years in a tiny embassy, receiving only help and offers from countries in the communist block, has probably shifted Julian's view of the world a bit.
And I don't blame him, it's atrocious how the US behaves towards people that it perceives threaten the status quo. I just don't agree with getting in bed with the devil to spite it. I think on some level he might believe he's weakening the current power structure that supports the US' nepotism. In reality, by helping it support the GOP in general via Trump, he's favouring it turning into even more of a fascist, elitist, hellhole.
@_date: 2017-09-18 19:28:58
Yes, but I have a thinking mind and can see the evidence right in front of me.
Let's take a very small example. The trump jr. Email. Explain away. Go!
@_date: 2017-09-28 18:39:20




You'rr dammed right about this. Logical inconsistency is the biggest tell. Also worth noting is the complete lack of truly technical arguments and evidence. It all comes down to axiomatic claims. This is no way to convince rational people. This is cult-like.
@_date: 2017-10-29 17:34:44
I'm not sure who you're referring to, or why you think I represent the BCH community in any capacity (projection is a hell of a phenomenon, eh?) but regardless, it amounts to a straw man. 
I asked for a single thing: not to propagate "information" that, for the moment, are lies and speculation. 
If it's too much to ask, please do let me know. Here I was thinking speaking in a truthful manner was something we ought to want happening around this place.
Perhaps I'm mistaken, though.
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:24:48
When you don't even want to make the effort to understand how we got here, I think we're doomed to another chain split.
One where I don't think the Core devs will end up content with the result.
@_date: 2017-10-08 11:32:27


Lately they've been a few "protocol rule" changes, so that's not exactly it.
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:11:38


I don't know man, but according to you, if you don't you'll be "a cuck". It's **you** who  didn't see an out out of the impossibly complex and minotauric maze of a situation that is *your wife quitting her jobi*. So when the obvious solution that would save you from being stuck with alimony in the case of an exploitative woman with the goal from the beginning to make you her slave (which apparently you believe is every woman; but that any psychotherapist would tell you that is 100% on you if you end up marrying such a person for never having been able to read the warning signs and just being ecstatic that a woman is willing to have sex you with you, in the purest irony of the incel mindset); suddenly that doesn't work because of some sort of "honor"?
Come on man, I though you were speaking of the very dire matter that is becoming "a cuck slave"!!
You're a joke of a human being, but the real drama is that you're not even able to understand how your worldview and personality are to blame for your very suffering. Which means you'll never seek out the kind of help that might possibly lead you out of this situation and into a place where you may be able to relate to other people in a healthy manner, and be able to have healthy and fulfilling relationships.
I'm really sorry.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:08:42
Are you honestly for real?
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:09:57
It's not a matter of "agreeing with his views" GP is expressing completely delusional shit, that isn't out of just barely but just because the topic is marriages. But it **is** straight out of @_date: 2017-10-29 17:26:31


Wait, CSW is giving money **to BCH supporters**? If that's the case I better get in on that!
Jokes and ridiculousness aside, you're free to make whatever postulations and have whatever suspicions you want, as with anything. Just stop stating things that are lies.
I didn't think it was too much to ask of someone who claims to be honest, but with the resistance I'm getting from you, I don't know anymore.
Will I be able to get a straight answer from you, I wonder? 
Edit: Please reply only once to my comment, I won't go on an insane answering spree. As you said yourself, CSW is a known scammer, why are you throwing back at me tweets of shit he's said? Unless he has git commit access to all of the BCH implementations, his tweets and claims are about as valid as his math.
@_date: 2017-09-21 21:37:20
Read his very next tweet, comoletely contradicting himself:


I don't know who this person is, of why we're propping up his baseless tweets that amount to wishful thinking. Is this what we're about on this sub? Just posting and repeating everything or anyone that confirms the accepted views from here?
Surely this cannot be healthy or lead to any kind of truthful reflection of reality.
@_date: 2017-09-30 18:27:16


What does the price have to do with your prediction at all? You predicted an action by the chinese government that would reveal a likely willful manipulation of the market. Such an action has not happened.


Oh, sorry. Being that the deadline was today, I imagined your point to be that they'd be going back on their order to close all exchanges. The exchanges did close. But hey, I'm nothing if not patient. How much longer should I wait for the impending announcement?


What about being a T_D regular? Nah, I just despise your kind for what you did, and are continuing to do to my country. You're all victims of an international interference campaign, and you're all just too happy about having elected the orange elephant to be able to see it. I was merely pointing out where your ideology/education level/intelligence come from, and correlating it with your genius-level prediction.
I'm sorry for sounding so bitter. But I'm genuinely considering moving abroad indefinitely due to what you're doing. When you turn 25 and find yourself in an even shittier position young people have it today in this country, I hope at least you recognize what role **you** had to play in it, instead of blaming immigrants, minorities, and "the establishment" for it. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:59:25
Reality is tough to accept for some people.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:32:59
When your conspiracy theories require lizard people willing to lose millions of tens of millions of dollars to get something unnecessary, I think it's worth it to give a second look at the premises.
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:40:49
Circlejerking while repeating it won't make it true. But you'll find out soon enough. It would have helped if you'd learnt from what you were **so sure** was going to happen with BCH.
@_date: 2017-09-05 14:54:46


"Overwhelming" as in &gt; 90%


Hashpower and economic activity carried out in Bitcoin. Or did you expect me to say twitter polls?
@_date: 2017-10-14 07:28:44
And just to add, about people mocking him for selling at 400... From a purely economic PoV (which seems to be all of what this place and noobs seem to care about anymore), he got a return on his "investment" far, far higher than most people here are likely to ever see.
But that's the thing, Mike wasn't into bitcoin for the money, he truly believed in the potential it has to change the world for the better. And by "changing the world" I mean things like banking the unbanked, allowing people permissionless use of money, ending the predatory monopolies of international remittance services, enabling poor communities in third world countries to launch new economies without hyperinflationary currencies, etc; and **not** the first-world neckbeard problems I sometimes read here about "preventing the collection of of the thieving taxes", or preventing a spouse to get their morally and legally righteous share of the wealth in the case of a divorce, or the sickening and self-defeating attitude that is this "hodl no matter what lololol"  that's become pretty much universal.
So from that PoV, "selling off his BTC" was not only a good decision and a protest, but also completely honorable and coherent with what he believed.
People who've taken to demonize him both perplex and sicken me. Just look at this thread! You'd think he attempted to murder satoshi by writing that blog post. And the most confusing part, is that the current Devs who have threatened (and intermittently continue to do so) to leave the project if their vision for what BTC ought to be is deviated from by the community, are not treated the same way, despite the situations being exactly the same.
Looking at things from a mostly-detached pov as I've done for the last couple of years, it's just depressing.
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:27:03
And yet, for some incomprehensible (to people like you, it seems, and certainly to Core) reason, this is not a situation with which the community is happy. So we're all continuing to head towards the split.
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:56:40


Why? If you're so sure the core chain has the support you believe it does, it's irrelevant, as SW2x will be crushed without remedy. The 2x team is acting according to their belief of the support they have. Now if Core as the party unwilling to go through with the protocol upgrade is worried about the possibility, then absolutely nobody can stop them from implementing Replay protection. Asking 2x to do it for them is disingenuous, at least as long as they don't recognise that the reason is that they expect to end up in a vastly minoritary chain.


... Says the person who can't even acknowledge that this protocol change has been asked of core for 3 years now. Call it what you want, but the fact remains clear as day; this is the only way in which the portion of the community that has been asking for it, are seeing it possible to achieve it. 


The beauty of this is, this is what forking does. You're free to remain in the Core chain if this is what you want. And by this same logic, I believe it absurd, as well as logically and morally inconsistent, to continue pushing the agenda that this is "an attack", and demanding things from "the attackers" (such as implementing RP). I know we won't agree on the reasons we got to this point, but can you at least acknowledge the ridiculousness of asking "an attacker" to accommodate your special requests? The 2x people are asking **nothing** of core, and in fact they're pretty open about their having needed to create a separate repo for a new node software precisely because it's clear Core weren't willing to listen. And lo and behold, they got some massive support!
It's only people like me, from this very community, and being an early adopter at that, who's asking Core to reconsider, for the sake of preventing a split that will hurt everyone to some degree, but most definitely mainly them. They won't do it? OK. But I have to ask, because I'm a fucking bitcoiner.
@_date: 2017-10-16 14:29:53
Yes; my quick and dirty fix (in case you don't want to buy a VPN if you live somewhere where data protection laws are sane and give you tranquility, as is my case), is to setup my own router's VPN (which really absolutely most routers do nowadays), and connect to it even while at home.
@_date: 2017-10-15 11:33:40


Really? Can you point me to a **single** such mention (regarding the network itself, not the usual "bitcoin is a ponzi" stuff) from before the first time the blocksize limit was hit? I'll wait.


I'm sorry, but have witnessed the same events? The network was quite literally unusable during those periods. This is why commerce is moving away from it.


Could you please point me towards the evidence that user adoption is up? I'm genuinely unaware of such a thing, especially since daily transactions have reached a limit for a few months now. Price is certainly up, but let's later speak about it.


Please don't put words such as "apocalypse" in my mouth; that's not what I claimed. And yes, **I said myself that the system is self regulating**. The mechanism for that self regulation is the loss of users and usecases, though. The price continues to rise as a speculative function. This is not what bitcoin was supposed to be, because the "speculation" part drives from its usability, which is slowly deteriorating.
This is a common trope with later-adopters. You don't care about what bitcoin was created for. You just see the immense appreciation us early adopters got, and would like more of the same. You're making the fatal mistake of ignoring what it is that made bitcoin rise from a nerd project to something the central banks of the world are keeping an eye on.
Usability is essential. And bitcoin is not usable anymore. Even if there are more total users today (something I'd need evidence to believe, mind you), if all they're doing (and that they can do) is "hodling", its actual *worth* is much lower than its current market price. And one thing we know about stock markets is... Regardless of hype or PR, the 2 values tend to converge over the longer term. Which is something the NYA signataries seem to be very worried about, as companies whose stake in BTC can't be as easily unloaded as simply "selling".
Listen to the big players, the the ones with the most at stake and most interested in the longer term success of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:28:02
Jrsus christ. So your view is that people who don't go to the congo to work for free for NGOs fortherest of their lives are just not worried and wanting for a better world?
@_date: 2017-09-27 05:15:23






I do, and you should too, if you want BTC to ever become anything else than a speculative toy coin for geeks.


profits is the one motivation bitcoin was designed to work well under. Mine profits is actually the bulk of the security model for bitcoin. Plus, I haven't really ever seen any scientific evidence (and boy have i asked) to support the notion that the solution that's proposed is "shittier", as you say. Can you elaborate on what it is that you mean?


Then, respectfully, I think you're not paying attention. This comment reminds me of the conservative channels and pundits being outraged at the sports teams taking the knee this past weekend. Completely whoosh.


Actually the evidence points towards the long-term trend of bitcoin appreciation having stopped at the point we reached the 1mb limit. Same thing as with use. I can provide the evidence of you want. And I thought it was a stupid and tortured analogy?
@_date: 2017-09-03 11:21:58


Well, yes and no. Firstly it's physically impossible for people to do that (there is more money in the financial system than is actually printed in cash), it absurdly increases the risk for the population of catastrophic losses, and lastly, even in such an event, due to the nature of fiat, the Government will continue "printing" money which, surprise surprise, enters into circulation via Banks first, in the form of loans usually. So yeah they'd be severely restricted, but the balance of power wouldn't fundamentally switch in a fiat world, because functionally the banks and the government are the same entity. This is what drastically changes in a bitcoin world, where issuance of new currency is predefined and inflation can no longer take place.


Agreed, as I said. The difference between the world scenarios that I want to lay out are between a world where Bitcoin is merely "plugged into" the current financial system, without changing anything, which is where we're at, currently. This is why Bitcoin Credit Cards, while useful from this perspective, and likely necessary during the transition, completely miss the point that bitcoin makes regarding control of money; and the world after that, where Bitcoin is increasingly, perhaps suddenly, or perhaps progressively over a few decades, is regarded as a "true assurance of it being money" as opposed to, say, charge-back-able credit cards, inflationary cash in a world with zero or negative interest rates... In this second world (as I said, possibly only arriving after a great economic crisis, or possibly born out of usability and increased awareness of where the actual value of money lies, or how a kind of money that can't be forfeited or censored is actually more similar to the "money" we're used to seeing in epoch movies as opposed to where we are today (gold coins and their absolute value regardless of laws or time...), is a money far more worth having as compared to government-issued fiat, and thusly the only kind of money that merchants or salaried people will choose to be paid in, setting up a chain reaction so that the whole economy will end up switching over.
But as I mentioned, this can only be possible if bitcoin is understood and used in its original concept, ie: transacted on the blockchain, rather than turning in yet-another-imaginary-token for people to trade with virtually via other means.
**Bitcoin that you don't have sole control of your private keys of, is not your bitcoin** (and derived concepts), should be the mantra for the next couple of decades.


You are more than welcome to be an ass, as indeed I screwed that up badly. Aside from the massive dates fuck up, I'll have to go back to read more about the circumstances surrounding the FR Act, as it seems I conflated some matters where I shouldn't have.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:28:01
Well, they did a referendum in 2006, more than half of voters couldn't be assed to attend. 
How many times should the issue be revisited? Yearly? Once a decade? 
If "a majority" of Catalonians cared enough to "cut ties to Spain" would you not have expected them to attend in troves to the voting booths? 
As is usual, it's a very, very vocal minority effecting a bunch of political stunts to make the news and garner even more support among the most radicals. Back in may, when it became clear that doing a referendum on hte topic directly would be declared illegal (as it's pretty much directly against the constitution), some of the secessionist parties started to prepare for a unilateral passing of laws to a) do a referendum regardless, and b) prepare for secession regardless, with only around [35% of support by the population at large](
Outsiders who opine on the subject really ought to, respectfully, abstain themselves from emitting uneducated opinions. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 08:27:38
Isn't it great that everyone needs to explain to one of the top developers that he's not being personally slighted just so that he doesn't fly off the handle, when he perceived a concerned post with very rational points to be some sort of attack? He reported OP for trolling, FFS.
People have been saying it for a while. The community here (what's left of it, anyways) doesn't really have a say in anything here, unless it's to add "me too" and uhh and ahh at the "official statement/concern/report/alert du jour".
This is a **horrible** state of affairs, and I'm surprised doesn't just flip the finger to Gmax and calls it a day.
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:45:20
Thankyou, it appears you are correct, aside from the glaring methodological difficulties. I'll agree that it seems far more rigorous than other measures. 
I guess we'll see what happens come november! 
@_date: 2017-09-29 07:56:12


Again with the logical inconsistency. If they truly don't have the support they claim they do, their chain will be completely crushed and be left dead. Why do you keep insisting with the "they don't have the support" bullshit, when you know full well if they didn't, it'd be thee end of it? You should be welcoming it!
They don't need RP for that. And if they do have the support they claim to have, then they're the market-chosen rightful protocol upgrade, and as such, they don't need RP either, being that the reason asking them for it is disingenuous.


You do realise this is asking for a favour, right? "Please mister criminal, don't attack me". I mention this without even considering the absurdity that it is for a supposed permissionless secure monetary system to ask would-be attackers not to attack it. If this is a reasonable security mechanism, then we bloody might as well not use the PoW system that ensures the security of bitcoin!
But of course this is all absurd, and you know it. The reason you need to ask "the attackers" to dismantle "their attack", is because it's not an attack at all. It's the market choosing the way forward for the protocol.
Here's another test of your intellectual honesty: if you're so adamant that all changes to the protocol should require RP in order to protect people who liked the system just the way it was before the upgrade, why wasn't the Core implementation of SegWit coded up to fork the chain and add RP between its chain and the previous one before its activation?
I await the responses to these questions, as well as all those that you've left unanswered (like why aren't you lobbying Core to add the RP themselves instead), patiently.
@_date: 2017-09-24 09:11:14


I, too, lament what the top comment turned out to be on this sub, but I'm not actually surprised.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:01:29
Earlier in the day there was a point when there were 85k transactions in the mempool, and it only subsided because hashpower jumped back in when BCH's difficulty adjusted.
Make no mistake about it, bitcoin today, even with SW is in an extremely fragile state. Every period with increased fees and a backlog drives users and usescases away (already commerce is moving away from btc), and we just can't measure its impact. The scalability issue won't ever cause permanent backlogs because markets are truly self-regulated, but it doesn't mean the problem isn't critical.
@_date: 2017-10-29 09:06:44
Why are you trying to push this lie that CSW is somehow in charge of anything relating to BCH, let alone attempting to patent BCH itself?
I've seen you claim to be honest, so this comes as a surprise.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:34:09






I know this is almost a taboo in this place, but have you ever read the whitepaper? This is how bitcoin was designed. Ideally, such a close call as 60-40% should be avoided because probability might cause temporary reorgs if one turns out to be unlucky; but regardless, in theory, a dedicated 51% of hashpower is all that's required to effect a protocol upgrade, with economic incentives making the losing side of the chain converge.
So yes, I **will** stop addressing your further arguments, because I honestly cannot believe that you're making **moral** arguments attempting to dissuade people from doing what they feel they should be doing in a permissionless system, and based on the *belief* of certain levels of support or no support, when in reality the actual only verifiable way to measure the support is to actually use the hashpower to effect the very thing you're against. 
I mean, especially coming from people (not you especifically, but rather the Core devs), who have been so hostile to any and all people and teams who've ever expressed a desire to do anything other than what they consider should be done.
I'm willing to continue debating the topic, but can you persuade me that anyone at all in the community (especially if it's the vast majority the 2x people believe support them) should listen to anything the Core devs have to say regarding this, when they're calling them "attackers" at the softest? Do you not agree that bitcoin should be permissionless, that any "version" of bitcoin should be impervious to all attacks, and thusly if, by definition, one chain is susceptible to dying due to an "attack" then it must not really have been an attack at all? Where are the libertarian/ancap ideologies that I see such people spout all the time? What about the cypherpunk manifesto?


That's an intentional misreading of what I'm saying. Do you also believe Gregory is literally ringing up a Godfather and clalind him "Mr. Criminal"?


That's some kindergarten-level reverse psychology bullshit. It still amounts to asking for a favor. And it presumes the people who want to upgrade have any interest whatsoever in how the Core devs, aka: the one segment of the community who never, ever considered dialogging and compromising, are perceiving this upgrade. We don't (I'm going to include myself here because I am one of the people who definitely think this SW2x represents a true compromise between most of the community, including companies and miners who'd previously only supported Core unconditionally; something perhaps worth pondering on a bit longer).


Oh there's no explanation, at least not one backed by evidence. All I see from your part is speculation, and innerly-inconsistent one at that. in your "99% HP yet 1% user support" example, it'd be as simple as the price crashing to zero since no exchanges, businesses, and users would want to use the chain. And in that case miners would be *pretty* quick to switch back. But nobody is anticipating that.


Yes, a softfork that doesn't offer any choice whatsoever. Could you please not fall in the trap of shielding behind a definition? After all, in SW2x you'll also still be able to use legacy txns, and if you're a miner you'll even be free to create 1mb blocks. Awesome for choice!


Not sure what that's got to do with anything.


So, the solution is to ask the **other guys** to do it? Will they be asking super-nicely?
This is ridiculous. I hope at least you see this.
@_date: 2017-10-29 13:28:47


That's a cool story, and while I can't confirm nor deny what CSW may or may not intend on doing, the lie you're propagating is that he **will** do it, with the implication that he has any sort of power to do just that. 
He doesn't, he isn't in any place to do so, and the BCH community would never go for it.
So please, unless you come across information such as "all the dev teams that are in collaboration co-developing BCH itself, have agreed to implement CSW's x or y code change", stop trying to misrepresent the situation in an attempt to debase a cryptocurrency that, as per the own admission of people on this sub, has nothing to do with Bitcoin, and whose discussion is against the rules of this sub.
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:31:28
It honestly makes me wonder, if 2x if apparently nothing **but** a takeover attempt, and yet *some* businesses and miners seem genuinely interested in the scaling aspect of it (indeed it seems to be a majority of mining hashpower), *and* we know they would actually prefer it if Core remained in charge; then **why on earth** do Core not decide to grab this bull by its horns, and adopt the 2x code in their next release?
These are the sorts of questions we ought to be asking ourselves in order to discern the true intentions behind people's motivations. Especially when conspiracy accusations are being thrown around left and right by all sides. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:17:02
Please read my comment again.
@_date: 2017-10-08 11:27:16
[Here's a little clue for you](
@_date: 2017-10-23 19:11:54
Do you see that you didn't respond to the question? Is it perhaps because in my example, the solution would be exactly what the sw2xers are doing, except nobody would call them attackers?
@_date: 2018-02-17 08:06:02
Not directly, but of course it has implications for that as well.
My point was that people like you don't understand why the LN can never be a true meshed nerwork, and will instead converge towards the largest hubs which will then route everyone's payments, with all of those implications.
@_date: 2017-10-04 07:27:54


Thing is, it does have that. It's just that the places you choose to frequent to ask the question don't really lend themselves to finding out truths about it.
But you don't have to take my word for it, we can see for ourselves what will happen, because otherwise we'll be going in circles. My actual question is: if the people in the unrestricted forum turn out to be right about this one (shocking that could ever happen, I know), will **you** recognize your mistake, and learn from it? 
Or to you will bitcoin only ever be what you believe it should be? Because that's a valid viewpoint, of course, it's just that it's not what you're claiming, and have been claiming for months now. 
All the predictions that happen on this place end up becoming untrue, only for new explanations to continue cropping up. (did bitcoin cash become irrelevant and die on day 1? Or is the new story that since it's been hovering around 400$ that it just hasn't ever achieved anythng?)
RemindMe! 47 days "was ratcliff right about there not being community support for 2x and it being a change forced down the community's throat?".
@_date: 2017-10-14 07:32:22
Uhm, from the PoV of where he saw bitcoin going, and what he (and most of tje community at the time) was attempting to help it get there, it most definitely did, for a while now.
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:00:17


I think you have been told a different story than what happened. He was an extremely important, influential, and talented bitcoin developer. I think your impression of how national newspapers (and certainly the motherfucking NYT) make decisions regarding who to interview is a bit weird if you think he "did" anything to make it happen. 
And the same goes for the presumption of his intentions, which I think he expounded pretty decently on the medium post.
Consider things in a different light. What would be have gained by trying to wreck bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:34:01
Do you have any solid information/announcement regarding the future inclusion of patented code into BCH, from a source that **isn't** a known scammer (as you yourself understand CSW to be), given that, you know, he doesn't have any kind of control over BCH?
@_date: 2017-09-27 05:15:52
Can you elaborate on what your point is?
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:49:01
37% of what? Of number of companies? Or in estimated value?
I didn't think so.
@_date: 2017-09-03 08:58:58


Actually, yes there is. You're thinking of a world where bitcoin simply drops into the place fiat currently offers, but then continues working the same, but that is not what bitcoin was designed to do. 
In a world where bitcoin functioned the way it was designed to, there would be no banks, there would be no need for banks, at least in their current form. Banks today are only capable to do what they do because all of us **need** them in order to keep our money safe. Let's say you have 100k saved up from your job that you need to keep safe. Do you have any idea of how utterly difficult it would be to keep them yourself in a way that you could be 99.999%*  sure you would have access to it whatever might happen? Loss of bank credentials, flooding or fire of your house, a burglar going into your home, and a huge list of etceteras, are the kinds of things that wouldn't make your money go away when stored in a bank, but that could absolutely leave you without your life's savings in case you decided to keep them at home, in whatever form they might have. This is the reason banks are necessary today.
With bitcoin that wouldn't happen. With bitcoin it's moderately easy (requires knowledge, but otherwise it's free and mostly effor-free) to have the kind of redundancy (replicated information), and security (strong encryption schemes) to be able to store your own money safely, on your own. There is no doubt that some people would end up preferring for a bank of sorts to keep theirs, but here's the crucial difference between that world and today's: So long as financial transactions are done via transactions **on the blockchain**, banks won't be able to fractionally reserve. If you go to a store, and upon paying for groceries, you're given a bitcoin address and the amount to pay at the PoS machine, that's the strongest way to vaccinate society against FRB. Understand the implications of what I'm saying: bitcoin needs to be the **only** regular accepted form of payment everywhere. Credit Cards would need to disappear (they don't do anything better than what bitcoin is capable of doing), and checkbooks would need to disappear (same). Both CCs and checks were born out of a necessity for money to be more easily transacted, and they're both problems bitcoin has solved. FRB would be impossible today even without bitcoin if **cash** were the only accepted payment method everywhere, but that's obviously not even close to being the case.
IF when going to the grocery and needed to pay, the only thing they'll accept is bitcoin **on the blockchain** (as opposed to Bank IOUs or whatever), even if you have an account with a bitcoin bank, your "credit card" would function by ordering an on-chain transaction to take place towards' the Grocer's Bitcoin address. In such a world if I wanted to buy a house and get a loan for it, the seller would expect a bitcoin balance to arrive at their Bitcoin Wallet, and not imaginary bank IOUs. In this world a Bank cannot fractionally reserve simply because, unlike with fiat, bitcoins aren't just "numbers on a screen" that banks could falsely "transfer" to someone else's "account", **even if they were authorised to do so by the government like they are today*. It would simply not be possible.
But you might be thinking "well, even if bitcoin goes mainstream, there's no guarantee whatsoever that it would end up working like this, there's no guarantee people in general will see Bitcoin (as in, on-chain transactions) as the only valid form of money. So how do we get there? That's actually the easy part! We just need to *wait*. I mean not literally; we definitely need to continue to build up the Bitcoin economy, and continue fighting to get it "infiltrated" alongside the traditional money system as "another quirky option to pay for things". And then wait. Wait for what? Well, for the next (inevitable) financial crisis, of course. At that point it will become evident (as governments invariably ramp up inflation to try and activate a stagnating economy) that while fiat will lose value over time, that Bitcoin users/holders' won't. The government can't make bitcoin go away, no bitcoin will be lost to speculatory bubbles (a lot of fiat will, however). So suddenly it will become clear that the history of money is important, that the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 was passed under almost propagandistic false premises (mainly that the Gold Standard was to blame for the length of the Great Depression), that people not giving a second thought to how money worked was a mistake (the repeal of Glass-Steagal posed no controversy whatsoever despite changing drastically how the banking sector worked, much to the detriment of the average American), and overall, essentially, that Bank IOUs are a non-acceptable, volatile, inadequate form of money. Then, if us Bitcoiners have done our part (by staying informed about all of this, by keeping in mind what it is that we're trying to achieve as opposed to turning into a slobbering mob chanting at price increases and seeing it as a way to "get rich quick", and overall, *to reject attempts by the powers that be to convince us that it's in our best interest, or even inevitable, that we accept that non-onchain bitcoin transactions [or at least those done on sidechains or second layers that aren't 100% decentralized and permissionless] are "really the same as bitcoin without all the crypto hassle"*), only then, can Bitcoin rise to its meritorious status of "only valid currency that cannot be faked or manipulated". 
* the remaining percentage covers thing that **would** make you lose access to your funds, like court orders to freeze them during criminal investigations or sentences, etc.
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:14:35


It's truly bizarre to find this sub generally agrees with stuff like this.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:49:32
Please don't follow me around repeating the same things.
@_date: 2017-09-05 10:43:30
LPT: the "scarcity" of bitcoin doesn't refer to blockspace, but rather to the amount of coins themselves. The plan for bitcoin was never for transaction rates to be limited (physical limitations notwithstanding), what are you talking about? The function of blocks is to have decentralised consensus over the order of transactions (ie:the "chain), not to separate transactions between "worthy" and "unworthy".
This is pretty basic bitcoin design.
A fixed price isn't impossible; it's how bitcoin had worked for themajority of its lifetime.
@_date: 2017-09-26 21:05:35


We're about a month away from finding this out, aren't we? I suspect you're deeply wrong.


That's great, they've just been unequivocal about their unwillingness to provide it. 
And so we have the current situation.


Oh, they're erring all right; they've been turning a deaf ear to the community for almost 3 years now on this topic, and even gone as far as making false promises to continue to delay what we're now seeing. It's great and their prerrogative not to release anything they don't feel they like, but then is it any wonder the community if finding a way to route around them?
To be clear, I don't have an issue with them doing what they think is best, I find an issue with them calling everyone and anyone who dares to have a different opinion (and even do something about it by releasing some code for the community to have as an option!) an "attacker". 
A great very many of us saw this coming years ago, and I gather they did too in feb 16 since they convoked the emergency hong kong meeting. What's happening now was coming for a long time now.
@_date: 2017-10-03 05:03:25
Right. We should all live our marriages being completely defended, always prepared for an imminent and irremediable divorce.
I'm sure this kind of outlook and attitude won't raise the likelihood of my needing a divorce in the first place at all!
Also, and this is a very personal opinion, but it's just morally wrong to cheat a partner out in the wealth division. 
You didn't come here for relationship advice though, but perhaps keep these things in mind in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:18:53
If I were Erik, I wouldn't respond to you. A commenter in response to you is alluding to "unfalsifiable claims", a tremendously ironic position given that absolutely most of what you wrote about (Re: community support, hate, the "takeover" claim itself) amounts to the same.
Let me ask this question of you: let's say, for argument's sake, that it's painfully clear that Bitcoin's limited capacity badly requires an upgrade, and this is something that is painfully obvious to most of bitcoin's community, and certainly to its major economic players and miners. Let's also pretend that under this completely fictional scenario, the main developers simply refuse, completely, and seemingly without good reason, to provide the code for such an upgrade.
How would you come to solve an impasse such as this? I'm genuinely not trying to draw comparisons to the actual situations, but this is how big blockers perceive the situation to be, quite literally. They're being accused of "hijacking", and "corporate takeover", but they see the exact opposite happening: a very small group of devs and its followers in a couple of online forums, opposing the upgrade. How should a well-meaning business, miner, and user community proceed to upgrade the network without being called names or threatened? I ask because clearly you're not OK with letting the bitcoin network decide with the mechanism we have been told for years should be the only thing that matters (HP support).
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:50:42


I agree it's a rather accurate description of it.


I agree with this as well. I'm just pointing out the incongruence​ of this Core Dev rallying against a hard fork so hard that they devised a crazy convoluted way to go about changing the transaction format in a soft fork, alienating half of the community in the process, only to then push to have this change implemented in a way that functionally amounts to a hard fork. 
I'm also trying to point out the dishonesty of assuring would-be actors that the only half that would possibly be at risk are those **not** running the UASF.
But I see now that this is one of those things that people won't understand until this happens. Oh well.
@_date: 2017-05-19 07:19:26
Can we get a confirmation from and here? This is a serious claim, as I'm pretty sure I've seen Greg mention it's a very dangerous proposition that shouldn't be pursued.
@_date: 2017-05-23 11:09:36


Yes. So am I. 
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:44:19


Except that's literally how bitcoin was designed. Regardless, discussing about it won't change things. UASF is a risk primarily for those who run it, but if you won't believe it, hey.
@_date: 2017-05-07 19:13:49
This comment fills me with indescribable sadness, which is only compounded by it being upvoted to the top of the thread.
I don't want to jump to conclusions regarding what it says about the overarching feeling in this sub, but I think I need a little break.
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:18:33
Miners are not politicians, though; but if you truly feel that way, you're in the wrong crypto here, as per the whitepaper.
Might want to look into a PoS-based crypto.
@_date: 2017-05-21 22:05:04


What place do they have in your opinion, then, if choosing an extremely contentious path forward isn't it? 
@_date: 2017-05-30 06:49:37
I think I'm not mischaracterizing the other side when I say this "best technical solution" is far from having been proven to be so. At every turn, when data has been asked from the people promoting SegWit, or true economic/game theory/technical models against a HF, all they get from the people making these claims are arguments from authority.
I would never be against a technically superior solution, but I do need evidence when one is claimed to be so. The guys at BU may be bad coders, but they sure as hell have gathered data for their proposals, and what little independent research we have doesn't support the claim that up to 4mb blocks would endanger the network in any way.
And it's such a trivial thing to do as well. With all the twitter wars and reddit crusading that's been done in the last few months, good quality evidence could have been more than shown.
@_date: 2017-05-22 09:47:57


At numerous points  he reinforces the idea that miners will be compelled to side with the UASF chain, giving no ex0lanation for it, and seemingly denying the very real possibility that a majority of miners might refuse to run it. The whole thing is extremely misguiding, and presented from a position of authority it gives a false illusion of certainty.
As for miner centralisa**tion**, I'm sorry, but you're just mistaken. Corporations have always mined, and as I said, there are far more pools and corporations today than there ever have been. This is the opposite of centralisa**tion**, whose definition is a progressive move towards ever more centralised hashrate, which clearly isn't happening. You might argue that the current landscape is fairly centra**lised**, and we could debate that, but that'd be a useless debate given that, as I sides, things are moving **away** from being centralised. Which is, unsurprisingly, the polar opposite of Core's (yes, pretty unanimously) claims.
@_date: 2017-05-19 15:46:27
This is not what we were discussing?
@_date: 2017-07-29 10:47:39
All in all not the least secure way to do it, by far. Beats what most people likely do (keep it on exchanges).
@_date: 2017-05-10 21:48:07
Wow, people here *really* don't get comedy that's only marginally more complex than  literal reductio ad absurdum sketches, do they?
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:51:04
One might even be led to conclude that it wasn't such a big issue, or as urgent, after all.
Keep asking these questions, that's the way of skepticism.
And if you find that the issue resurfaces at the time that a rivaling dev team are making great progress with their implementation, perhaps consider becoming suspicious about the claims regarding AB being an issue.
@_date: 2017-07-25 08:09:50
I really doesn't. Jihan and Bitmain will be mining with their full resources Seg2x, and I'm not sure what "aggressive hijacking attempts" means for GP (or how it's supposed to be different than the UASF that was so championed on this place), but I imagine it's being intentionally vague because there's nothing to the claims.
What is so aggressive about forking off into a separate chain, when they don't agree with the compromise? Well, to these people, a lot. To anyone who really believed it would amount to nothing, it should be causing no such strong feelings. And if it shows in the markets to attract some non-insignificant support, then surely it will not have such an unilateral thing at all, should it?
There's just a lot of inconsistencies in the claims made on this place, and the answers are never satisfactory for someone willing to take an "outside look" into the arguments.
@_date: 2017-07-27 20:58:42
You know, I have no problem admitting that, but I'm at this point fascinated by the fact that I have to repeat for the third time that you've basically turned this discussion into a huge hunking straw-man, while pretending that we're actually discussing anything relevant at all.
Let's gauge *your* honesty now.
@_date: 2017-07-25 10:55:46


I don't understand, what your "explaining away" is supposed to mean. Let's break down the claims and counterclaims by you, shall we?
1. claim by big blockers: The congestion in the bitcoin network that's been progressively getting worse, and raising transaction fees, but only reached unsustainability [at around march of this year]( will **end up pushing users away from the bitcoin network**.
2. counterclaim by and the like: nonsense! Bitcoin is an extremely valuable network, and an immutable store of value; the higher transaction fees will be paid by everyone, signalling just how valluable it is! altcoins can't even compete!
3. big blockers: [bitcoin is losing marketshare to alts, let's fix the scaling issue NOW!](
4. (and higher on this thread): see? it was all spam! no such problems with transaction fees, which the stupid, stupid wallet developers (note that the Core wallet is a huge offender in this regard) weren't able to solve (on account of it being an unsolvable problem)! Thar graph from before, what is it supposed to prove? It's only been changing since around march of this year! QED 
?? Am I missing something? Surely you can't have such comprehension problems.
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:08:48
That's a good post and all, except the changes in dominance are real, and it seems terribly deceitful to consider the market cap as proof positive that bitcoin is "the one and true coin" while it suits the narrative, but the second it doesn't, you put it into question. 
Actually I lied, Mr. Song isn't an economist, and his post reads a lot like other developers handwaving away of economic concepts, even though they make absolutely no sense whatsoever. The famous "fee market" comes to mind.
Let me shoot the question back at you: if indeed bitcoin were losing market share "in the real world" (of however you want to define it), how would you know it? From my PoV you're being presented with evidence left and right, and rejecting all of it, but you're offering exactly zero evidence to counter it. So what indicators should I be keeping an eye out for, in order to judge the real-world health of bitcoin on the global cryptocurrency market? 
I hold a few other coins, and it wasn't until the last several months that I say an actual real appreciation in market value, and despite what you say, that's real-world money that I'm holding, that I've chosen not to cash out on, but that I could, today. Where is the falsehood in that? That was unthinkable in a world pre-full blocks. 
I'm all ears, and certainly open minded. I'll listen to reason, and evidence. I just won't take "your word for it", nor anyone else's.
@_date: 2017-07-28 22:03:19
Pointing out some hypocrisy, is all. Unless you condemned UASF from the very beginning.
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:48:37
Not going to acknowledge the irony of seeing your hypothesis being proven to be the exact opposite of what you believed by not one, but 2 different people? Not to mention that you misunderstood the first one at that.
All around hilarious from someone who claims to be on the side of "science".
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:11:50
Well, the people who criticise this sub, aren't exactly mistaken, when what passes for "quality debate" is exactly what you're witnessing here, and the people who're responding to my comments are the exact same accounts that you'd expect, with the exact same non-arguments. 
But hey, Maxwell is upvoted at the top of the thread, so surely that means he's right, right?
@_date: 2017-05-19 17:36:15
Again don't disagree a whole lot. 


I'll fully admit my OCD ass hates the notion of having to forever support the transaction format that SegWit brings.
But I could understand it if it were necessary. But given the current circumstances, with half the community willing to HF, and half of the other half willing to riskily UASF, would it not be the best for **everyone** if Core started preparing a properly designed transaction reformat, a dynamic blocksize, perhaps bundle it up with fraud proofs and/or Schnorr, and start testing it **today** so that they can present it in november as the killer scalability app for when the curremt SW deactivates (or hey, even sooner)? It'd be a fucking slam dunk of a HF proposal that everyone could get behind except for the fringe conspiracy theorists that frankly will never change their minds.
Instead, we have Luke over here playing silly rebel games, misrepresenting the risk it involves. It blows my fucking mind, I swear.
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:04:40


No I didn't; it's just an irrelevnt argument. Government fiat also uses up a ton of resources, but it isn't them that gives it value. Any country going into sudden hyperinflation should serve as a ready example of that. Similarly, bitcoin's value doesn't at all reflect what's put into it to maintain the network, and in fact the causality is the inverse: if its (market) value dropped, then all that electricity and resources would be taken offline until it would be profitable to mine again.


Could you please not resort to these kinds of characterisation? If for nothing else than because you're unable to substantiate them.


You linked to a twitter account here. I prefer academic sources, please, especially if you're going to claim conclusive proof.


Uhm, yes? JEsus, and forgive my impatience here, but this is why it's tiring to debate with people who so brazenly claim training in economics is irrelevant to understand what's going on. Growth can be positive and still represent a stunted growth. Please don't take this as a personal attack on you, but surely we can't continue to foster this antiintellectual (or pseudointellectual to be more precise) attitude regarding what constitutes actual evidence, instead of continuing to point towards blog posts and twitter accounts of people we agree with. People who don't even have the qualifications to understand why their conclusions are woefully unsupported by the "data" they have, at that.


It's not only "inconclusive" it's downright speculation. 
@_date: 2017-07-25 14:00:07
Yes, yes it was, at least when it comes to upgrading the protocol. 1 cpu = 1 vote.
There are also cryptos that are defined by their developers, for those inclined to that kind of authoritarianism.
@_date: 2017-07-28 17:29:05


@_date: 2017-05-19 21:44:27


Take a look at the other sub. Already it's being promoted a piece of software meant for anyone running it to appropriate anyone-can-spend transactions, meaning that people being mislead by Luke into believing a UASF chain is **guaranteed** to win (do you at least acknowledge this is far from a given the way he's presenting it?), and who make SegWit txns, in the event of the UASF failing, would lose all those coins.
And they're not wrong; this is the true cost; indeed the unfathomable "risk" of a hard fork. This is why in the event of one, Nakamoto Consensus will ensure any minority will quickly succumb to realign with the majority chain. This is why the Core Devs having invested all their political capital into demonizing hard forks, i think, will prove to be the biggest mistake they choose to engage in
@_date: 2017-05-19 07:11:41


So your conclusion is that you should throw all caution to the wind? Surely you realize you're confirming a large number of predictions from people on the other sub that claimed that if miners didn't accept SW, the devs would seek to either lower the threshold (which seems impossible given that it doesn't have even 35% miner support), or find other ways to "force it through", very similarly to a centralized entity?
Where is all the talk of "consensus"? What happened to "Core can only propose code, we don't control anything"? Your words and your actions contradict each other gravely; now you're taking the lead for something that is even more disruptive than a HF on account that there's no indication whatsoever that even a simple mining majority will follow along.
And finally, no, Luke, no matter how many times you repeat it to want to make it appear true, miners won't be "compelled" to run this under no circumstances. Your "threat" of "a reorg after 1000 blocks" comes across as literally insane, as if any real business would be really willing to go along and stick with an **unusable** chain for several days waiting for... Something?
People who want larger blocks HF aren't really opposed to people here attempting a UASF, and this should give you all pause, because despite that's being slung around here, they're not exactly idiots. 
You're going to end up rallying the momentum behind a comparatively safer HF that actually has miner **and** exchanges support. Your taking the only thing that's keeping them from just going ahead with it, off the table: their unwillingness to have the chain be disrupted in a dangerous way.
If you back this, Luke, I hope you realize you'll only have one shot at this, a shot you cannot afford to miss. And right now and despite your misinformation efforts, at this moment it seems like a really, really long shot.
@_date: 2017-07-26 15:51:18


Please cite the relevant paragraph or phrase from the whitepaper, I'm genuinely curious.
@_date: 2017-07-29 10:56:22
Stay classy.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:57:02
Because smart investing isn't about beliefs, and changing your mind when you have new information at your disposal is exactly what any rational person should do?
@_date: 2017-07-25 12:54:29


Tough shit, as bitcoin wasn't designed to be steered by users, beyond the economic support they lend it. So if you want a cryptocurrency where you, as a user, have a say in what constitutes a consensus rule, you might want to look into one of the few PoS-based coins, but bitcoin is not for you.
@_date: 2017-07-18 06:33:25
I disagree it's *that* hard, but you absolutely should understand how bitcoin works at the most basic level (ie: read the whitepaper), and then spend a couple of hours reading the proposal papers/blog posts for both SegWit, and the BU guys.
The answers cannot realistically be found on the forums unless you know who to trust and love arguments from authority.
Knowing economics at a basic level is a plus, but not a must, and international affairs only very tangentially offer some context.
There's no getting around some good ol' studying, which one would think people willing to invest their hard earned money would be eager to do.
@_date: 2017-07-29 10:41:32


This is a likely sign that you never stopped being a kid to begin with, and possibly never will.
@_date: 2017-07-29 13:18:06
Please google "poloniex insolvency suspicions" or something along those lines. They aren't the best-behaved exchange, the]'re (probably) outside of the legal jurisdiction of your country (and there's not a lot of legal protections in case you are, as almost nowhere are cryptos recognised as "money"), and they sure as heck are not insured against... Anything.
People ignored Mt. gox's signs for quite a few months before it went down, and it astonishes me that people today are continuing to trust any but the absolutely most transparent and rigurous exchanges (cof Kraken and Coinbase, cof) today.
"If you don't control your private keys you don't really own any bitcoin" isn't merely a retarded meme. It's the absolute truth.
Proceed with caution.
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:38:50


Banks that can choose to limit with whom we might transfer and how much money to, for any reason. But even then, theres a whole legal framework protecting consumers, or at least giving them recourse, regarding their money stored on banks. No such thing exists for exchanges.
My warnings aren't cryptic at all. You're giving money to an entity in another country you have absolutely no recourse whatsoever against.  End of story. Argue all you want that storing it by yourself is risky as well, but until you fully comprehend the previous statement, you won't understand the real tradeoffs.
It sucks, but such is life. If wouldn't feel safe storing gold in your house, or bitcoins, perhaps all you can ever hold is fiat in a bank.
But of course, you're free to not listen at all. It's a fact that many people won't, despite my warning not being a hypothetical, but rather a historical one.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:14:22
Technical debts isn't a vague reason against it, but it's not the only one for sure. Go ask that question where it can be answered, you might be surprised. If you realize AB isn't really that big an issue, shouldn't that open the door to reconsidering perhaps other often-repeated points might be untrue as well?
@_date: 2017-07-25 14:24:51


This is your dismissal of the science of economy is preoccupying. No money has intrinsic value (well, except gold), not even bitcoin. It's value lies in people assigning it value. This is why today my bitcoins are worth $2525, and yesterday they were worth $2850 each. That's real-world money that I can take out of my stash, today, or tomorrow. It has nothing to do with intrinsic values.
You've dabbled into a lot of money philosophy, which would normally be a great debate, but today I'm interested in finding out, by people who deny bitcoin has lost some real-world dominance to altcoins, why they believe that to be the case, and where is their evidence.
@_date: 2017-05-17 05:47:15
That should ckue people in about where his real intentions lie. But apparently I was expecting too much out of people so eager to find support anywhere for what is functionally the HF they despise and hope to avoid.
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:01:51
Did you miss the part where I said that, while I appreciated the data, that was not the point we were discussing? It's fine if you believe it was a spam attack; I mean, not quite, but that's not what we were discussing is what I'm saying.


Thank you for your interest, but the reason peer-review prior to publishing is the gold standard for advancing science, is because people in other fields cannot possibly come up with the accurate criticisms that's needed to discern real effects from a wilful manipulation of the data to advance a pre-hoc opinion.
@_date: 2017-07-28 08:35:04
Holy shit, do you get strung up when confronted with what it is you're actually doing. 
I'm sorry if my pointing out that making claims and defending positions by anyone **not** in the field (what field that might be being problematic, given your shifts in topic) is pointless and invalid without some peer-reviewed articles with clear conclusions, makes you angry.
I'm sorry that my pointing out that you were actually prsenting a straw man argument (this "tangent" you speak of was only so because you presented this data about txn spam when asked about evidence for your claim that bitcoin wasn't losing capital inflows to other alts) angers you.
A particularly curious straw man, might I add, given that I've never defended the position that there hasn't been any txn spam on the network. It's mostly irrelevant to the matter we were discussing, and all I've consistently defended is that a non-reviewed article by a person with a *clear* bias isn't something even worth discussing.
I'm sorry you feel the need to personally attempt try and insult me and my "adherence to scientific principles", when I simply pointed out these things, and asked for relevant evidence before accepting your claims as facts. 
That you now "recognize" my "approaching this with honesty" when nowhere did I engage in lies or misrepresentation of myself is extremely curious to me, but hey.
It's fine you consider this discussion ended, what's tragic to me is that you don't seem to understand  that I spent a few days there trying to get you to see that there really wasn't any discussion to begin with, without the appropriate evidence on the table. 
Oh well. I do wish you well, and I hope the next few months' developments will gradually help you view the matters that are being presented as *facts* by the current "respected experts" (in everything but the relevant fields, might I add) with a little bit more skepticism than you're showing, and that's generally shown 'round these parts.
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:08:59


I was unaware we were into royalty in this space, because otherwise I don't see how I've "disrespected" anyone. But anyways, good on you, he doesn't source his claims when I ask him to. 
I see my original question will remain unanswered, but hey. 
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:36:10
Indeed, you would not.
@_date: 2017-07-26 17:01:39


I wonder why the US dollar isn't the highest-valued currency, then, or why the GB Pound is quite the high-valued currency, when its military expenditure is ridiculous, yet it's tendency as of last year is to fall on the market expectation of how useful it will be as the currency of an island administratively disconnected from the rest of Europe.
I get what you're saying, don't get me wrong, it's just what you yourself are arguing doesn't align with what you'd expect if it turned out to be the case.


Fine, then; I'll just ask you to provide evidence of these "facts".


I'm not. You simply linked to a twitter account. Jesus Christ, I understand emotions are running high, but take a step back and realize what we're talking about here.


Yes I can, and no, it is not illogical. Bitcoin can still be hitting an ATH of around $2800, and still represent a growth that's been stunted if otherwise we could have expected the price [to be at around $5000.]( No, I'm not claiming that graph should be predictive (it's a fool's errand to try and predict a market product's value that hasn't existed in history before), and yes, it is outdated. I'm illustrating the point we're discussing.


I'm not claiming to have the qualifications in economy, but I am a scientist, and I know in my field what kind of evidence I would accept as valid. I merely pointed out, I repeat, that you linked to a straight twitter account. What I **am** saying, though, is that the blind leading the blind shouldn't be what we aspire to having on this ecosystem, and there's never a shortage of people who're sure-sounding and forceful with their claims, all the while not even understanding the very basic mistakes they might be making, or as Maxwell loves to say "who don't even know what they don't know".


This is actually the level of evidence I was looking for, and rest assured I will be giving it a good in-depth read to the best of my abilities.
Please bear in mind this wasn't the topic we were debating, though; and that's the point where I'd love to get some actual evidence towards.
@_date: 2017-05-07 21:59:50


No surprise there. This is what I meant.
@_date: 2017-07-26 15:53:00


I bet! Such behaviour is completely unknown to come from Mr. Maxwell!
We're in the ridiculous situation now of having to debate the character of Mr. Maxwell. How or why did we get here, man?
@_date: 2017-05-21 22:03:38


 




Is this not clear enough? Surely you're not defending that Luke must have forgotten of the very crucial risk of losing all of one's transacted coins in the event SegWit fails to prevail when you made SW transactions, are you?


Please bear with me, as I know this is at the core of Core's truisms; but how have you arrived at this conclusion? Today, there are more miners (pools), and the largest one of them all has a smaller share of the total hash rate than almost at any time in bitcoin's history since exchanges exist. Where is the evidence of this "centralization" that everyone keeps repeating on this sub? But perhaps more importantly, why is the majority and certainly plural rejection of a Core piece of software being interpreted not only as evidence of collision, but also as an "attack", or "hijacking" of sorts? What sort of sense does this make? Is it so unimaginable that miners might choose not to believe said proposal to be in the best long-term interest of bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:58:27
I'm not interested in "debating" you, FYI, I've tried it in the past. I see now that, as usual, it's like pulling teeth. 
You either will or you won't, it's fine. I won't shy away from it if you do. I merely pointed out the inconsistencies in what you were saying.
@_date: 2017-07-26 15:50:17


Well, you let me know how that goes for you once the 2x part of the agreement is activated, and your Core node ends up without haspower to keep your chain functional.
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:15:03
Please don't resort to insults. The arguments are right there. Take your pick and try to debate them as you will. Just be mindful that I **will** ask you to back up anything funny that you claim by evidence.
@_date: 2017-07-25 14:09:58


Sure, as did many other concepts that we now use for cryptos, for the simple reason that if cryptos didn't exist back then, no concepts could have been defined as a function of their properties. Would you similarly claim that "bitcoin tickers" (and other sorts of weighted indexes) are useless because "they were created to serve in the stock market"?


So tell me how I can look at an objective measure of that.


I don't know specifically what you mean by "the rally" (do you mean late last year when the price started going up), but yes they have. ETH, Monero, Dash, and ZC, to came a few, are far more available in exchanges where they weren't before, even to be exchanged directly with fiat.
On the contrary, though, plenty of businesses and services have announced they stopped accepting bitcoin. 
Not sure why you're quoting a pseudonimous internet comment as a source.


Can I get some sources on this? And I mean strict peer-reviewed sources, not Maxwells comments just asserting it to be the case, of which I've read plenty, and unfruitfully asked him to source them (or present his own research on the matter).
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:56:44


I know "game theory" has become sort of a buzzword in bitcoin for a couple of years now, with most people not understanding it's a whole body of hypotheses and evidence that 98% of the people who speak of it have no idea is even the case. They believe it means "common sense" or worse "the experts say it's so, so it must be", but it's incorrect.
With the info at my disposal, I don't believe "game theory provodes solid evidence that UASF will win". 
My question is, if it turns out **not** winning, whether people like you, or who've assured people willing to go into it, and risk their bitcoins in the process, will come out and recognize publicly you were running on wishful thinking and dress8ng it up.
@_date: 2017-06-09 11:38:31
If you would feel the same way about them doing the same in a casino, then I agree. Because this is what this is, a gamble. It has nothing to do with rationality.
@_date: 2017-07-25 12:59:40


Jesus Christ, you are literally insane. This is as far as I'll go with you. 
@_date: 2017-07-25 08:36:20
It's funny, because not a single one of your claims is backed up by any kind of evidence. 
I would point out the ridiculousness of calling a compromise (after 3 years of infighting) that's got unanimous miner support, not to mention the rest of the ecosystem, excepting loudmouths like you making waves on pseudonymous internet forums, to be "a further hijacking attempt"; but I've debated you in the past, and you're just not someone that uses reason, logic, or even arguments to debate. You just call off everything that goes against what you personally believe should happen, an "attack" or a "hijacking attempt". 
Your username seems to be accurate in that regard.


Fuck off, I've been on this sub, and into bitcoin, longer than you.
@_date: 2017-06-16 13:07:14
Unfair something something unprovable claims.