@_author: fortunatebum
@_date: 2014-03-21 01:18:10
Bitcoins in circulation would be the opposite of Bitcoins being saved or hoarded. 
I'm thinking that there could be perhaps a good number of hoarders who are holding onto coins they collected a very long time ago. The opportunities to spend Bitcoins has exploded as of late. 
A basic Keynesian analysis would conclude that inflation would lead to many saving/hoarding and deflation would lead to many spending. The MtGox catastrophe deflated the value, that in turn led to spending due to deflation, which leads to more deflation. This would eventually correct itself when all the hoarders/savers are done spending. 
Another upward pressure on the value of Bitcoin would be currency speculators, of course, and again the MtGox catastrophe obviously discouraged them. They will eventually come back and help push the price back up. 
I simply think Tiger, Overstock, and others starting to take Bitcoin has definitely had an effect. Those venders are likely converting to dollars right away, thus flooding markets with Bitcoins that will go to...speculators? If speculators buy up the coins, then the price should eventually rise. 
I think another problem, besides the one I previously stated (no advantage to the consumer to use Bitcoin), is no mechanism to get Bitcoin into consumers' hands. Online gambling is one mechanism I see working, but I'm not sure how that market is doing. If there was maybe some sort of ad exchange (like adwords) or something like that that a great many people could use to gather small amounts of Bitcoin, that would help a great deal. 
If the majority of people who acquire Bitcoin acquire it through a currency exchange, I think that's a major long term problem and is at base going to be the major problem with its usefulness. I think this problem could be ameliorated somewhat if, as I already mentioned, consumers had an incentive to spend Bitcoin over other currencies. 
I can see lots of advantages for venders to accept Bitcoin, but I'm not seeing many for consumers, which is the current problem. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 19:22:23
Lots of big businesses have recently started accepting Bitcoins. 
That equals more Bitcoins in circulation. 
More Bitcoins in circulation equals less scarcity. 
Less scarcity equals lower price. 
The demand is increasing, but only enough to keep reduced scarcity from changing the price. 
My thought is that a lot of people who were sitting on Bitcoin hoards are spending some of it to buy stuff they couldn't easily in the past. 
More Bitcoins will go into circulation to strengthen the Bitcoin economy.
Another factor was Silk Road. Many were acquiring Bitcoins to buy illicit drugs. When there are problems in that market, demand for Bitcoins will go down.  
My guess is the Bitcoin price against the USD will start increasing again especially as buying illicit drugs becomes easier. True, more businesses are opening up to accepting Bitcoins, but aside from illicit drugs there isn't an inherent advantage for the consumer. If businesses started offering Bitcoin discounts or created some incentive to use Bitcoins over credit cards, it might increase Bitcoin demand. 
If Bitcoin continues to be *just another way to pay* then it may not ever rise in price and drop in price. So far, IMO, buying illicit drugs has been the only real advantage for the consumer. Hopefully businesses will discover more ways to take advantage of Bitcoin. So far, they haven't, but I think it'll happen any day now. 
A good thought experiment is, are there things you can do with a Bitcoin only business you couldn't do with a normal business? So far the only answer has been to sell illicit drugs. If we get some better answers to that question then the price will necessarily rise. If not, well, I'm probably going to be screwed. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 05:18:47
Divorce? Don't worry, we're *never* getting divorced! That was a funny joke!