@_author: forumrabbit
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:04:43
Which will never happen. If your employee can go home and suddenly miss 10% of their paycheque they're gonna be pretty pissed. There is no way around this except by introducing transaction fees to stop volatility which just isn't going to happen.
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:07:23
"Dominant currency"? You mean the common currency which means something entirely different than what you're implying?
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:42:57
It's far better than writing a GUI in visual BASIC on the fly. At least they used real terms like TOR and tried to make it sound real.
Also, bitcoins (although more of a generic currency) were mentioned on Almost Human a few times, specifically the episode with that guy streaming.
Blacklist too, I believe episode 11? When James Spader interviews the tech guy he mentions using bitcoins to launder a transaction.
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:10:39
It's part of the reason why I want it to die. Kids getting in on it playing at business when they have no idea why real world markets work. Bitcoins are gambling with volatility which will never go away when anyone can perform their own transactions for essentially free. It's just ripe for arbitrage and no decent investor takes it seriously besides for speculating. 
Much better to put your money on the sharemarket, preferably on bluechip companies or hell even go for bonds if you really want to (which are safer than money in a bank). 
Just for the love of god don't put money into bitcoins and treat it as anything other than gambling. The price cannot inflate forever with returns diminishing and miners very likely won't hold it once their ASICs don't get good enough returns.
@_date: 2014-02-16 12:58:32
Uhh mate it'll never be true. If you knew anything about markets you'd know that almost no transaction fees leads to arbitrage and huge amounts of volatility. As long as transactions are almost free you're going to see massive amounts of volatility, especially considering how quickly transactions occur.
Also, having it used as a currency? Get real. It's an investment instrument for speculators, nothing more. People aren't going to keep trading it when miners dump it due to inflation and returns becoming pitiful (like they are now at their 1 year ago level).