@_author: foulpudding
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:31:35
FYI. I’m fairly certain the IRS gets notified of everything You do in an investment account and has for years. 
If I buy and sell a mutual fund, stock or derivative, the IRS knows how much I profited and what fund, stock, etc., that I profited from. This is all reported by law from the brokerage, and I’m required to report it as well. 
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:48:43


If OP had said "I plan on keeping a portion of my assets located in Bitcoin as a hedge against my primarily Dollar-based assets losing value" I'd have to agree with you... But instead, he reads like someone who is advocating divesting of all dollar assets and keeping his assets in Bitcoins "Till the bitter end" - i.e. He doesn't seem to be *hedging* to protect his dollars, he's advocating Bitcoin *instead* of dollars.
OP is really "Betting" that the dollar collapses. It's not *hedging* unless OP's secret hope is that the Dollar succeeds and the Bitcoins are there *in case* it fails. OP is actually proclaiming that he wants the Dollar to collapse and he's doing his part to aid it's collapse. 
Hedging against a collapse in the dollar is insurance. Protecting oneself against the bad things that will invariably happen should the dollar fail. Not actively betting against it and hoping it fails. Subtle difference, but one I hope you can see. i.e. You don't buy insurance because you *want* to use it. 


And if we all start wearing orange pajamas and singing "Hare Krishna," we will have everlasting peace on earth.  My bet is that neither of these fantasies happens and that instead market forces determine what people actually do. In short, you aren't wrong, but you are dreaming. The IRS declared Bitcoin "property" and thus 99% of the USA will treat it accordingly.


If you are referring to the "Cop didn't see it, I didn't do it" defense...  Jails are filled with people wondering how they got caught and it's your call to take those risks and it's likely that you'll get away with not paying your taxes for a while. Many do. But *if* you ever get caught, or seriously audited, prepare for a good time defending your failure to report income. That's one of those "jail-able" offenses that leave people broke or broken for years. 
Before you start your life of crime, I'll remind you that Bitcoin is completely traceable. i.e. Every transaction can be connected to an account. Your only hope is to use a pseudonym and cross your fingers that it's never connected to you in any way. (i.e. you never actually "use" the Bitcoins for anything that can be identified and traced back to you, like a house, a car, a computer, an iPod, etc.) You may find this difficult if you live most of your life using Bitcoin, get paid in Bitcoin, spend your Bitcoin with anyone who connects your account to a name you give them, etc. 
If the IRS has any way to connect you to your account, they will have a very easy time of calculating your unpaid taxes. In this regard, Bitcoin is far worse for avoiding taxes than the greenbacks in your pocket.
@_date: 2015-01-05 14:19:48
Bitcoin is just an asset one can use to make profit. It's digital oil or digital pork bellies. It may say "currency" but that don't make it so unless you can use it to buy a hotdog on the street.
If you really want that badly for profiteers to take your wealth, then, by all means stay in "till the bitter end" and those who run businesses that profit off Bitcoin manipulation shall use you as fodder for profit. 
I would like to offer you advice. 
You are now in the Wild West. Unlike with the dollar, there is no state cushioning and protecting how much or how little the movements up or down affect you personally... There is only greed and fear and profit. And those are much harsher taskmasters. 
Yes, you are correct that Bitcoin is not controlled by any state, but that does not mean it isn't controlled. It's just controlled by market forces... And those forces are uncaring and will chew you up and spit you out if you don't know how to navigate them.
You speak with the voice of a believer, and that's a dangerous sentiment to have in the world of money. People will use it against you more often than you will convince them to share your beliefs. Instead, you should go forth and learn to buy *and* sell your Bitcoin so that your wealth rises off the backs of those less crafty and then you shall prosper. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:44:14
Fyi, I get "hedging" and pretty much any other investing strategy, but OP isn't advocating using Bitcoin as a hedge to insure that the dollar bills in his mattress are fairly valued, he seems to be advocating using it as either a replacement for the dollars he owns or a vehicle to attempt overthrow of the existing currency system and dumping his dollars into it as a means to do so. Neither are a good idea and if you are an investor, I probably don't have to explain why.


There is nothing that can be done to legitimize it as a currency in the USA, because it's *not* technically a currency. 
When the United states government declared that Bitcoin (and indeed all digital currencies) would be treated for tax purposes as "property" instead of a "currency", they pretty much sank a nail into the coffin of Bitcoin as a widespread replacement for the dollar. Sure, there will be individuals who try and buy hotdogs with Bitcoins, but *most* of the people in the world (or at least our USA part of it) will not, for most people it will be the equivalent of Pork Bellies. Taxable on every exchange and *very hard to use* to buy hotdogs with. Right now, Legally speaking, if you buy anything with your bitcoin, you also have to calculate your capital gains from the Bitcoin itself based on it's original cost to you and the price it is valued at the moment you trade it for any other item. 
If you live in the United States and fail to do so and the government catches you, you will be guilty of tax evasion. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 12:31:50
fyi, i shit you not.
2011 Honda Elements Hodl their values well.
most 2011 models go for 19-25,000 with some in the very high 20’s
Fairly good when you consider they retailed for just over 30.
just furthering the information pool.