@_author: foundmymoon
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:12:15
Made a transfer from Gdax. Got paperwork from my bank which was expected. Most of it is clear, and some of it is the usual KYC.
But one of the things they want is a copy of the "bank transfer order showing the sender, receiver and payment involved". What would be the closest equivalent to this on gdax/coinbase?
@_date: 2018-01-11 10:29:27
Made a transfer from Gdax. Got paperwork from my bank which was expected. Most of it is clear, and some of it is the usual KYC.
But one of the things they want is a copy of the "bank transfer order showing the sender, receiver and payment involved". What would be the closest equivalent to this on gdax/coinbase?
I printed out the account statement for the EUR account it was put into on Gdax side, that also includes the withdrawal in hope that makes them happy. Also did print out the e-mail and the information shown specifically on gdax for the withdrawal (which to be honest, wasn't much).
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:02:29
Posting anonymously with a throwaway since I felt I needed to share this somewhere, but i didn't want to give my usual Reddit identity away.
I decided to sell 2/3 of my BTC holdings. I realized I found my moon, and I keep a pawn in the game so i don't hate myself if the market quadruples in a year from now or loses 90% value in a month. I was one of those members of the 21 BTC club, and sadly I had to leave it but stress was keeping me up at night and I was unable to do any proper work. Remember, value your mental health and never hate yourself for taking profit.
Really tried to avoid taking the dip, but as volatile as the market is, i wanted out, and in the end what matters is that I made profit :). I bought at about little 10-12% below the ATH, which isn't too bad I guess though.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:37:59
That step hadn't been a problem so far for me as I used credit cards before with them, and my bank didn't seem to have any problem with the SEPA verification deposit I had to make (though it hadn't finished on coinbase end probably due to them being so overloaded). I'm more curious about withdrawal, but it's probably hard to find people who is going to pull out as much as I did.
Rules about taxes seems clear, more worried about not getting the money in time to pay the taxes ironically...
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:24:37
How much did you withdraw though?
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:21:49
Ok anyone who have experience cashing out bitcoin for money from a exchange? In my case it would be from GDAX to Swedbank (swedish bank) with a SEPA euro transfer. Did your bank call you and ask about it? What did you do? Did it end well? How much did you transfer at once? (I can do €50K withdrawals apparently now)
It's funny how I dodged the BTC crash but now have a whole new worry. Last thing I want to happen is being locked out of my own bank account after a major profit run.
@_date: 2017-12-27 10:45:55
Sold 2/3 of my bitcoin back in the 19th December, anyone can give any tips what I tell my (Swedish) bank when the massive amount of money is suddenly on the way into my bank after the new years? Getting a little concerned it might be hard to convince them it's legit wealth even if it's coming from another European bank (gdax/coinbase). I do have trade history and sources of where the bitcoins orginally came from, but i feel like i might run into less technical people.
Tempted to look into alternative European bitcoin friendly banks too if there is ones. No intent on dodging taxes though, those are already calculated on my side.