@_author: fourleaf11
@_date: 2019-02-07 04:40:15
There's a difference between the tool and the technology though.  
You could easily argue that while blockchain may be the transaction method of the future, the Bitcoin "device" that built it doesn't have long term use.
@_date: 2019-02-14 19:32:27
It's not coin to be owned.  It's a way to process transactions.
Currently, when you buy a stock or move money from one bank to another, there's a lag time between when the order is made, and the order settles.  It can sometimes take 3-4 days for a transaction to actually clear.  The JPM coin is simply just a way for banks to handle these transactions instantaneously using the technology bitcoin is built on.
@_date: 2019-12-17 15:12:37
\  and arguably  are disadvantages of BTC, not advantages.
\ and  support the growth of digital currencies, but it's not necessarily a guarantee that BTC will be the digital currency of the future.
\ is heavily debatable at best.
Not sure what you're point on  is.
\ is a moot point until BTC stabilizes. It cannot be an effective currency until you stop seeing articles around BTC to reach $1,000,000 / go to zero?! No one wants a world of Venezuela where you're changing prices on a daily basis and salaries on a monthly basis. And it's going to be extremely difficult to stabilize w/o accounting for the issues in   and 
@_date: 2019-12-18 03:13:01
BTC is and can be a great store of value. It is a great way to handle transactions, particularly across countries. However there are a lot of issues that need to be resolved before BTC (or any decentralized crypto) can be an effective currency.
@_date: 2019-12-17 17:15:35
For 1, 2 and 5 - Read the old Cross of Gold speeches. Depreciation (particularly stable and expected depreciation that could only be handed by an entity with the ability to print/burn money) is a good thing. One of the main reasons for getting off the gold standard was that banks were screwing borrowers through currency appreciation.  Not only were they paying interest, they also had to suffer the costs of the appreciation.
For 6, you'll still need banks, as our economy doesn't function without credit. People could opt for privacy as it's easier and less costly to maintain your BTC w/o a bank than it is to stuff thousands of dollars in a mattress, but cash is also far less traceable than BTC when it's spent.
@_date: 2019-12-18 03:09:49
The issue is how does work? With fiat, people can generally trust that $1 today is worth $1.02 next year. People are incentive to save/lend their fiat, as the currency will only depreciate under a mattress, and the stable inflation give borrowers some comfort in knowing what their bill next year will be.
However BTC poses a major issue as a currency. Assume BTC appreciates, and 100 BTC today is worth 80 BTC next year. If I'm a lender/investor, I expect that my investment will be worth at least 100 BTC next year, otherwise I simply won't give it to someone else. However, if I'm a borrower, I can't agree to pay 100 BTC next year on a 100 BTC loan, as that's effectively a 25% interest rate on the next year value.
Not to mention that with a truly independent currency, it's anyone's guess as to what next year's value will be, meaning the borrowers are going to continually need to concern themselves about the worst case scenario, and assume a worse than 25% rate will occur.
@_date: 2019-12-18 03:01:37
So what happens to people without savings? Just have them use a bike until they save up enough for a car? Hold off on buying a home until you're 50? Unable to start your own business unless your parents leave you a trust-fund? Homeless if you hit a spending emergency?
Not to mention the impacts on the broader public. Need a new sewer/school/road system that will benefit a city for 50 years? Screw it, it all comes out of today's paycheck. Economic downturn decreasing your taxes? Guess you're not paying your teachers or cops until the market comes back. I guess cities could stockpile BTC for a rainy day, but without being able to lend it until then, it would be a tremendous waste of resources.
@_date: 2019-12-17 20:15:58
Without depreciation, how would lending work on a digital currency? If the currency is appreciating and limited, borrowers will not be able to afford high interest rates. If anything, borrowing rates would be close to zero, and bank interest rates would be negative. Currently, banks in Japan and Europe are still able to function with negative rates as companies hoarding millions of Euros/Yen in their warehouse isn't a practical option / they're still forced to deposit cash at their bank and suffer the negative rate as a convenience fee. With a digital currency, this wouldn't be the case, and many people would not leave anything with their bank unless they were getting paid to do so.
@_date: 2019-12-03 17:55:41
Depends on whether or not their help is needed to recover the $50,000,000. Unfortunately, in a lot of major heists, the only person who knows where everything went is the thief, so it's often a choice between a harsher sentence, or lower compensation for the victims.
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:35:00
There's two main issues with BTC being a better currency though:
1. Two of your points are into 100% conflict with each other.  






No one holds dollars under their bed under the hopes they'll be more valuable 10 years from now.  Very few people hold gold for that reason as well.  For BTC to function as a currency or as a store of value, the wild fluctuations need to end.  Yet BTCs main base hold it because they believe the value might hit 10k - 20k this year.  
2. A story often forgotten, when the gold standard existed, the regular population hated it because it was viewed as being too unfair for the banks.  The population was tired of borrowing 10 gold bars to buy product, and then being forced to resell that product for only 5 gold bars because the value of gold increased.  They wanted a manageable currency that couldn't be manipulated by the banks, would be stable over time, and would be less likely to incur deflation.  Bitcoin is going to be deflationary, and managing it's shocks will be very difficult.  
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:13:28
The issue is that what do the users of these loans do without them?
The short-term aspect and size of these loans causes a problem.  Even at 20%, a 1 month $1,000 payday loan only makes the lender $16.67 in interest, which isn't worth the lender's time and risk.  If they were limited to an effective rate at 20%, they'd lose money and close shop.  Without the ability to charge abnormally high rates or a ton of fees, the short term lending business wouldn't exist.  I've done work with a microfinance non-profit that helps immigrants / people with terrible credit get small business loans.  People are horrified when I tell them that some borrowers are paying up to 25%, but even with these rates, the small borrowing / high rate investors were a massive money loss for the company, and even with a bare minimum of expenses (everyone from the CEO on down made &lt; $100k), the company would not exist without government grants and charitable donations.
And while in someways it might be good for them to disappear, these business do serve as a last resort safety net for people without adequate savings.  It's one thing to say that payday loan shops are evil when the loans are used to buy a big screen TV, but it's another matter when they're used to prevent someone from losing their home/apartment/car/utilities because they suffered some emergency that drained their savings.
@_date: 2018-12-29 05:13:45
You're incredibly over-simplifying this.  
1. Speculation needs to die in order for this to happen.  Small businesses cannot waste time hedging their crypto, nor can they afford to have the price of crypto significantly change before they pay their suppliers / employees.  As long as it's normal for crypto to go +/- 10% in a week, it can't be the source of their transactions, and converting it immediately into cash will just rack up different kinds of fees.
2. Tax evasion is just as big of a reason (if not bigger) for small businesses to prefer cash transactions.  It's only when you get larger and the fees / risk of theft starts to become greater that this isn't the primary motivator.
3. For the consumer, they'll prefer a protected form of payment.  Restaurant rings your order up as $300 instead of $30, Visa will refund the money, and potentially punish the vendor.  With crypto, customers would likely have to go through small claims court, which would be a huge hassle.
4. If Amazon was to do this, it would need to be an astronomical discount.  They're already offering 5% with their brand of credit card, so getting people to switch would need to be well on top of that.  Not to mention that you're talking of changing to a completely new payment system; Apple and vendors already tried to switch consumer preferences with Apple Pay, and that went nowhere even with all of the ads.  Lastly, you're going to run into the same issue as with point  - the regular individual does not want to keep their savings / credit in a volatile currency.
If there is a change, it'll be using the blockchains to make transaction processing easier (and eventually cheaper), as a few of the banks are already doing.
@_date: 2018-12-30 02:17:30
Is there anyway to tell the number of accounts behind the trading?  I'd be curious to see how much of this is individuals trying to find a safe haven currency vs. how much is related to government officials trying to get their money out of the country / around sanctions.
@_date: 2018-12-29 20:52:07
How does putting crypto into this issue have an impact though?  Instead of going from Customer USD --&gt; Customer Crypto --&gt; Business Crypto --&gt; Business USD, why wouldn't the solution be to use blockchain technology to drive down payment transaction fees?  You're unnecessarily adding in an additional complication to both pricing risk and transaction speed.  
And an 8% discount is either tax evasion, or someone's trying to hide amounts for alimony/child support reasons.  There's other solutions like Square that would be far cheaper.
@_date: 2018-12-29 04:55:06
It was an over-zealous response to curb the drug trade.  The intention was that if someone is riding around with thousands of dollars in cash with no explanation of where it came from, it was certainly drug related (which was fairly realistic).  The issue has been that a lot of smaller towns (i.e. less funded) have gotten insanely restrictive with "no explanation of where it came from" and have basically started stealing from legitimate businesses / charities / individuals.