@_author: fourdrinier
@_date: 2013-06-04 12:13:33
MonadicTraversal is technically correct in that an ASIC should be considered more of a solid state electronic than a by definition computer. ASIC's are circuits defined by HDL code, specifically VHDL or Verilog. Think of HDL as a technical descriptive manual instead of code and you are heading in the right direction. ASIC's have a singular purpose that is permanently burned into the chip(such as crunching hashes), and cannot be changed to suit another purpose. The only real way to call it a computer is if you implement an instruction complete CPU on the ASIC, which would run considerably slower than a real processor and defeat the purpose of using the ASIC.
To be counted in the supercomputer department, you would need to use FPGA's instead, as those can be reconfigured with a few weeks of overhead to design, synthesize, and hand optimize. FPGA's are used in supercomputers to improve the performance of a highly repeatable and parallel task. ASIC's are more for industrial deployment.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:33:54
Correct, but we are speaking in the context of a supercomputer, which relies on performance. In this manner, an ASIC designed as either a Turing Machine or a full GPP would not meet the performance specifications required to classify it as a supercomputer. Maybe a legacy 286 platform...maybe...
@_date: 2013-06-04 14:19:30
I stand by my point, ASIC's are rarely used in supercomputing tasks due to their burn-once functionality. If we were discussing FPGA's, I would agree, as they are re-configurable and used in supercomputers.
@_date: 2013-06-04 14:17:21
An FPGA is more appropriate for supercomputing due to it's reconfigurability. Check out UNC's FPGA department for more info.
@_date: 2013-06-04 14:13:16
GPU's and CPU's aren't ASIC's. CPU's are general purpose processors or GPP's, and GPU's are highly parallel FP math computers(essentially). ASIC's are a defined standard, which are non-reconfigurable. HDL's are used for circuted and processor design, but that does not mean the processor is an ASIC. VHDL and Verilog are also used for FPGA's, but we don't call an FPGA and ASIC. And no, I wasn't looking for the term "Turing Machine". A Turing Machine can be implemented in an ASIC just like it could in the x86 architecture, but after synthesis and burning, the ASIC could not be reconfigured to interpret MIPS. And that is the defining difference. Heck, even a GPU could be re-configured(through OpenCL) to interpret MIPS, albeit slowly.)
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:16:15
If you were able to accomplish a 1:1 ratio of transistor replication on an ASIC(which would be impossible due to the ASIC's design), then you are still limited by the much lower clock speed at which ASIC's and FPGA's run at. Due to the ASIC design structure, you could not achieve a transistor to transistor replication. ASIC's have logic units, which are literally just Lookup Tables and a Latch. The best Altera ASIC has 11.5M of these logic units. 11.5M logic units would not, even with drastic logic algebra simplification, be able to host something like the massive 1.4B transistors in the i7-3770K. You could implement a full MIPS processor, but at the atrociously low speed of around 600-800mhz, it would be useless except for educational purposes.
The advantage you gain from using an ASIC or FPGA is the massive amount of parallelization available. ASIC's are hard-burned FPGA's, and both ASIC's and FPGA's excel at stream data processing. Information flows in, different information flows out. That is the most common use.
@_date: 2013-06-05 22:15:23
It wasn't confusion. I was referring to the specific category of ASIC's that are designed as faster and more complex versions of FPGA designs, which happens to be the majority market share of ASIC's in industry. Commercial use of ASIC's for consumers is also usually to replace an FPGA component from design with a highly efficient ASIC counterpart, the both of which are designed from the same language, on the hardware level, their structures differ, but on the design level, FPGA's and ASIC's are designed in the same way with the same languages and same clocked/un-clocked process design.
On the original topic of this discussion though, by the general definition of ASIC(not including FPGA replacements), it still cannot be included into the category of flexible compute hardware required for super-computing.