@_author: fouriertransformedme
@_date: 2014-04-14 08:02:59
You can't understand his analogy because it's insipid, and he's just another armchair economist. Most people (including, tbh, in this sub) are. I could go on a big rant here about how anybody who tells you they have a concrete answer in economics is guaranteed to be lying, and anyone who knows economics understands why you can't sum anything up in one sentence, but that would be really irrelevant and a waste of everyone's time &gt;.&gt;
Your friend is confusing scarcity for value. He possibly got that notion from some basic model price vs quantity chart, which suggests that a high price comes from a low quantity. This is a problem because, as other users have pointed out, there's lots of things that are scarce that don't cut it for currency. The problem is that value doesn't come from rarity, value comes from someone deciding how much they think something is worth. So, for instance, the inhabitants of Yap decided at some point that a good measure of value could be giant stone disks that could be rolled around (eventually they just left them in place and used proxies, similar to a gold-backed currency). Only then do they have value. It's also not really accurate to say it's a measure of the work that goes into it - I could spend weeks sewing pairs of pants to use, but Pantscoin would be unlikely to take off, and even as a consumer good they probably wouldn't be worth as much as some mass-produced thing.
Basically, what it boils down to is that something has value because people value it. We value dollars because we believe that a dollar is good to be exchanged for a house, or a bottle of beer, etc. Gold has traditionally been valued as something that is pretty and shiny and has a low oxidation potential so it stays that way for a while.
So, uh, yeah. Hopefully your answer's somewhere in that mess &gt;.&gt; There's obviously a lot more to it than that, but, you know, people with doctorates spend their entire lives understanding currency and how people value it.
@_date: 2014-05-23 04:05:47
Don't be so naive. Just about the first thing that any trader learns in that trying to predict the market is always unpredictable and inexact, and sometimes it will fly in the face of everything you thought would happen, *but the point is to make guesses of reasonable accuracy that work most of the time*. Obviously it can be wrong, that's why people set stop losses. The reason that people write "this will happen" instead of "I'm guessing that this will happen, but I'm setting a stop loss in case it doesn't" is that it's shorter to write the former, and everybody assumes the latter in the first place, so it's just redundant. But the condescension in this post makes it clear that you don't care about any of that; you went outside the clubhouse of ideology for the purpose of finding trivial flaws to point out, and you found them. Congrats! This sort of puerile garbage does no service to the Bitcoin community, and instead makes us look ignorant and juvenile.
Tl;dr - This post resembles a creationist pointing out stupid errors that evolutionary biologists have made, and pretending that it means something.
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:17:18
I apologize for not being able to match your obvious brilliance, but would you mind explaining what this has to do with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-05-23 21:33:39
Eh, the purpose and foundation of Bitcoin is built on suspicion of others. Constructing conspiracy theories at every corner just naturally kinda falls out from that. Of course, the several times now that major figures and institutions in Bitcoin HAVE proven themselves to be shady as hell hasn't helped things either. So the constant claims of Gox 2.0 just kind of have to be taken with the rest of it, kind of like the wild accusations of Bernanke trying to destroy Bitcoin (note: Look of "Chair of the Fed" on Google).
@_date: 2014-04-25 21:33:30
That's one possibility, but it's not quite so simple (despite what the commentors of this subreddit seem to believe, macroeconomics never is). It would depend, for instance, on why the dollar collapsed (China calling in debts? Entertainment sector went belly-up?), and what its value collapsed relative to. There's also the factor of whether or not said collapse influences the perceptions of Bitcoin's value. If it just loses purchasing power, floating currencies could collectively say, "that's nice," and go on their merry way letting the dollar weaken against them. This would make American exports more attractive, furthering the current account deficit and making it easier for other countries to shore up their USD reserves, should they choose to do so (they could also switch to a different reserve currency). Timing is of course very important to all of this, so the extent to which each individual event occurs, and at which time, will greatly influence the outcome. There's also a couple million other factors that could determine what happens, such as the expectations of future value/monetary policy, which is why the microeconomists are forming a queue to slap me. At any rate, that's just one counterexample - your prediction could happen too, and might even be more likely to occur, but there's just no way of telling without it happening.
@_date: 2014-06-14 21:09:58
I think lots of people care, actually. Notably, banks, and people who agree with banks that Bitcoin is in uncharted/"Wild West" territory. A lot of people feel that way. Just not anybody here, because it's, let's say, self-selecting here.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:41:21
Uh... I don't think you're thinking of the word "wasteful" the way I am. Unless you have some seriously sociopathic intents, and your plan is to sacrifice all those employees to the miners. In which case, uh, Jesus, dude.
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:14:13
I think it's quite a stretch. It's a nice little story, but you have to take it to the logical limits of extrapolation to get the poster's conclusions out of that.
@_date: 2014-04-22 22:03:57
Naturally, I don't agree with everything you have to say, but I agree with the sentiment, and I thank you for voicing your honest opinion. I'm sure people will criticize you for not agreeing with them, or for writing something "too long," but it's the dialogue that makes the difference in the end, and if this stokes any conversations, as I hope it does, it'll have served its purpose. To add my little bit, I think that this post ties into my belief (learned via my own scars) that, in general, we create our own problems. By the same token, however, we also solve them. It should be readily apparent to anyone but the most Kool-aid-drenched people that Bitcoin has serious problems; I'll be interested to see how we attempt to solve them.