@_author: fourbromo
@_date: 2017-01-28 22:07:20
I lived in a ski town in Colorado and rented a place with all electric heat one winter.  I can confirm highest heating cost of any home I've lived in.  I still think it can  be profitable to effectively heat with miners actively or passively, although in my experience with wood heat passive is much cheaper and more effective every time even though this is completely counterintuitive to me. Edit: as compared to activate heat distribution, not mining.  Point being passively moving heat is cheaper than actively moving with fans and electricity.  
@_date: 2017-01-28 21:26:29
If your only option is lp gas, (liquid propane) like me, I think this becomes more feasible.  The price has come down quite a bit though, but it's still higher than nat gas.  I was considering this as a way to justify mining a few years ago.  I pay 10 cents kwh and figured the only way mining made sense was to use it to significantly offset or eliminate my winter heating bill, which could be up to a couple thousand dollars when lp prices were high.  It would take some engineering, but it's definitely doable if your are so inclined.  I bought a wood stove Instead.  Distributing the heat is a similar challenge, however after 2 seasons I no longer require anything but the wood stove for heat and my wood is  all free/very cheap.  As a bonus It's 75 degrees or higher most of the time and rarely drops below 70, and it gets cold here.  I know I could achieve the same result with mining equipment and make money at the same time. This is an older 2 story farm house with full basement.  It is a decent amount of work as I process all my own wood.  With miners another challenge would be dissipating all that heat in the summer, although I think it's very doable using an enclosed room with forced ventilation along with some other measures.  I figured I could heat my water as well.  I still find this idea fascinating and think I could do okay with bitcoin and probably much better with alt currency.
@_date: 2016-11-01 01:45:23
You can't AFAIK.
@_date: 2016-12-06 01:09:12
I used to run a hotsprings in the mtns of Colorado.  We were off the grid because the power co wanted over a million to extend the power lines.  We could easily run the whole place with a 100k Kohler generator.  Really it was overkill, the backup was a 20k.  We also had about 8 solar arrays that were the primary source of electricity.   We did get 300 days of sun per year though.  Where I live currently, solar would break even if you were lucky in 20 years. The batteries, inverters, controllers, etc are quite costly for good reliable equipment.
@_date: 2016-12-06 02:49:47
I wish I knew.  I really wanted to get into mining a while back, but I came to the conclusion that at 10-11 cents per kWh it didn't make sense.  You would have huge upfront costs setting this up w/solar or wind and the miners.  The batteries are quite expensive, as are the inverter/charge controllers.  Also our system couldn't run 240 vac, which is what the water pump was, so I had to run the gen to fill up the water tanks every few days.  I would think you would want to run everything on 240, because I think it's a little cheaper.  You may be able to set solar up like that, but I don't know for sure.  Our solar was split up in smaller systems to control cabins, each office had one, bath houses each had one.  Our setup was  on 40 acres, so I don't think it made sense to run it off one big array.  I think you would have to get creative and try to figure out how use the heat from the miners to heat during winter  if you have much of one, and other things like that.  It made more sense if I could use the miners for some/all of heat in the winter, but you still have to exhaust it in the summer, or somehow use it.  I am far from an expert in these fields though.  I just find them quite interesting as well as having hands on experience with solar.  I wish you good luck though, and I am happy to try and answer any other questions.
@_date: 2016-10-24 20:03:19
I use mycelium on my phone, it doesn't DL the blockchain either, it depends on what kind of wallet you get.  I didn't even think about sending you a bit from my wallet, good idea nimblebodhi!
@_date: 2016-10-24 18:17:45
I've done pretty good on some of the dice games, strategies are out there, but I always push it to far and lose everything.  It's going to take you a week or more to get enough from a faucet to even send to a wallet, your better off getting a second job.  Just buy a small amount of btc and send it to your wallet.  There really is no need to test a wallet address, as long as you put in the correct info it will go to your wallet.