@_author: foxhuntrally
@_date: 2019-04-11 07:57:01
The pope should really start diversifying between btc, eth, xlm, tap, ada &amp; xmr
@_date: 2018-12-06 14:22:13
You' re absolutely right! Everyone should believe in the project that they are investing in. That's why it worths taking the risk to invest in an ICO. By doing so you are helping a company to bring this revolutionary technology into our lives. Thinking like this made me invest in not well-known projects like MF Chain. The team really tries to build a digital economy where consumers can buy goods and services with any cryptocurrency at their favorite merchants. I am talking about cross-chain transactions without the need for a centralized exchange or third party authority. How cool is that? 
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:33:48
I totally agree! Buying more at every dip and also getting into ICOs will be found extremely profitable in the future because a lot of revolutionary crypto projects are going to be established in our everyday life. For example, MF Chain is trying to create a digital economy where consumers can buy goods and services with any cryptocurrency at their favorite merchants. I want this worldwide crypto adoption!
@_date: 2018-12-06 11:40:42
It's not so funny because this is going to happen with banks in the future. They are gonna create wallets for everyday people so they will have access to their accounts while also knowing their personal information. I like projects like MF Chain where no private key of any wallet will be stored in the company's server. We are talking about decentralization and we need to have control over our information and money.
@_date: 2018-12-05 19:46:03
People can overcome poverty and lack of trustworthiness by transacting inside marketplaces where no third party has the role of intermediary. Platforms like MF Chain are 100% secure because of the blockchain technology integration. Additionally, you are safe from price fluctuations because you have the option to transact via a variety of currency and choose whatever has the biggest value at the moment. Further incentives for the people in order to use this kind of system are coin rewards which are given to both merchants and customers. 
@_date: 2018-12-05 20:22:22
It's not about being ready it's about the need for change. Nowadays corruption level in politics or in between businesses is at its peak. Revolutionary projects like MF Chain can bypass the banking cartel and give you the opportunity to control your own money. Additionally, giving you the option to transact through a variety of currency ( fiat included ) means that they don't want to fight the current system but rather try to benefit the customer as much as they can. Furthermore, there are incentives like coin rewards that are more likely to shift consumers from the traditional brick and mortar experience and prompt them to make online purchases instead. 