@_author: foxipanda
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:15:46
This is somewhat ironic, given that Warren Buffet is a person who has worked almost his entire life (and still does today).
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:35:16
You seem like you could use a dose of @_date: 2017-09-15 19:00:14
JPM is far more than a bank. They are as much of an investment house as anything and we would all be stupid to assume they wouldn't manipulate a market to their advantage.
Why do you think they keep having to pay fines for fraudulent activities? It's because it's more profitable to do it and pay the slap on the wrist than to not do it at all. The math is simple.
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:01:46
It's reasonable to not advise clients to pursue crypto at this point - it is risky as all hell.  Those people freak out when their IRA, 401k, or brokerage account drops 5%.  
They might actually flip their shit if they saw any of the usual crypto drops of 20-50%.  It's not a game for those kinda of people at this point.  Will it ever get there? Who knows.  I'm well versed in the idea that it might all drop to zero tomorrow and am pretty chill about it.
The reality, from my viewpoint, is that putting this amount into crypto keeps me diversified - it may well prove out that the world needs a global currency that isn't manipulated by nations at will - the USD doesn't have any protections against this.  Unfortunately, I'd argue that crypto barely has any currently because of its infancy.  Anyone with a few hundred million USD could really wreak some havoc if that was their intention and had a willingness to spend (lose?) that money in the process.
Is it a "scam" imo? No more than a brokerage account is a scam to trade stocks in.  Those stocks are backed by a fundamental trust that the company isn't going to screw up.  That doesn't hold true all the time and people lose money regularly (note: Lehman) or get gouged by a thousand high fees to make trades or even just to have an account (note: most brokerages and even accounts like HSAs).  They also require the trader to have a high amount of trust in the currency that they trade in.  That doesn't always work out either (Venezuela, Zimbabwe, etc)...
Crypto has huge volatility spikes and is built on the concept that some day people will stop believing in fiat currencies that are controlled by individual nations.  Instead, by using crypto, they choose to move to a currency that only requires trust in mathematics and, for now, some software developers who architect these solutions and (for some coins) miners who verify the transactions on the blockchain. 
Does that make them inherently valuable? No... it takes people to do that just as much as it does in stocks and bonds.  If no one is willing to buy, then they are worthless (dividends withstanding).
It's very much the Wild West in crypto - we could have another Mt Gox any day now... but runs happen on banks too and they go out of business as well. Nothing worth doing is without risk.
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:31:16
It seems like you could use a dose of @_date: 2017-09-15 21:00:40
Thanks for your thoughts. I do this as a simple hobby with a trivial amount of my income invested in it - it's enjoyable seeing others thought processes even though they may differ from my own.
From the sounds of it, you should sell all your crypto and head back to the 0.01% savings accounts JPM offers.  Have a good one.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:54:19
From a trading perspective, it was a medium week.  It's a hobby for me and I have no qualms with losing it all.  I do hodl some in reserve that I intend on keeping for 10+ years but view my "play money" differently so I semi-actively trade it.  
On the play money side:
I bought some near the top (oops) and bought a ton more at the very bottom of the dip last night.  Averages out to an OK price.
Feeling pretty okay about it - thankfully had some fiat sitting on standby for a dip and filled a bunch of limit buy orders on the way down near the bottom (18 of 23 orders triggered).
Nearly back to my personal ATH for fiat valuation already for the play money.
Moderately concerned about a repeat performance of the dip over the next ~6 weeks but I'll probably hodl it out and hope I'm wrong.  May place some defensive sell orders to sell a little bit around ATH levels to free up some fiat for the next dip if it comes to that.
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:20:12
Or you could read that as "JPM secures 5000 BTC at the low point"...
They're not exactly known for their ethical behavior and will attempt to manipulate markets to create buying and selling opportunities. It's how they exist.
@_date: 2017-09-15 20:22:55
You seem particularly passionate about hating crypto (why visit this subreddit?) ... and arguing over whether a major corporation with an insanely colorful history of illegal activities to further their interests would EVER say one thing and do another. (Visit the 'controversies' section of the JPM Wikipedia page for the highlight reel...)
I think we're going to have to agree to disagree here.  
I'm afraid that you aren't going to win me over and I have little to no interest in trying to win you over.
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:20:12
Or you could read that as "JPM secures 5000 BTC at the low point"...
They're not exactly known for their ethical behavior and will attempt to manipulate markets to create buying and selling opportunities. It's how they exist.
@_date: 2017-09-28 04:33:57
A mini flash crash.
I can only speculate that someone dumped a large amount of BTC onto the market without going through Gemini's auction system and there wasn't enough buying volume at market value to sustain the price and they kept on selling anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-19 12:37:39
Those reactions still use electrons as they are matter....and they use electricity in your brain to transmit those signals (albeit very weak charges)... hence the 'electro' part of 'electrochemical'.
The only three types of data storage (storage is used ...loosely... here) I can conceive of that don't use electrons (whether on purpose or "just because" it's stored using atoms [pencil/paper]) specifically for the data would be optical photonics (data stored in light), fiber optic transmission lines (while data is in flight), and some qubits in a quantum computer (quantum states of photons and a few other more exotic data storage methods).
Maybe there are more but that's all I can come up with.  Perhaps you store your bitcoins in a *really* interesting way though :)