@_author: fpgaminer
@_date: 2018-01-21 17:04:01
This is a dangerous guide, sorry.  (Hopefully not intentionally so)


In this case, you've given bc.i not only your BTC address but also your IP.  Whether it's bc.i or any other service, that information could be used to track your coins.  So it reduces your privacy.
If you really want to view your UTXO, you should do it through your private wallet software.  Bitcoin Core, for example, will let you do it through the console.
Also, as the other comment points out, consolidating your UTXOs reduces your privacy.  It makes it easier to link all your previous purchase history together, and all your purchase history going forward.
The big question is, _should_ you consolidate your coins?  Generally, no.  You'll end up with more UTXOs again later as you receive coins in the future, so you've accomplished little except telling everyone in the world "hey, all those gambling and porn transactions and these transactions from Coinbase are all linked".
Of course, there are plenty of reasons why people _might_ want to consolidate their UTXOs, and they are free to do so, but I think it is prudent to attach vibrant WARNINGs to guides like these so users are aware of the consequences.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:19:08
That's why I included the "directly" modifier to my statement.  I believe in the video his point is that because the futures market is cash settled anyone trading on the futures market is not a Bitcoin user.  In other words, we could have trillions of dollars of volume on the CME futures market, but theoretically see no additional usage of Bitcoin itself.  Contrasted with existing exchanges where people physically end up with Bitcoin in their accounts.
Put another way, the futures market for ground beef doesn't increase the users of ground beef.  The userbase is the same, regardless of how many investors trade ground beef futures.
Of course, as you say, the situation is different for Bitcoin because the very fact that there is going to be a legit futures market will bring a lot of attention to Bitcoin.  And that will indirectly result in increased Bitcoin users.  That's not the case with ground beef because ... who doesn't know ground beef exists?
.... I'm gonna go make a burger now.
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:34:21
Also note that they continue to list a malicious website as "Website 2" under the details for Bitcoin.  There was a post about it awhile ago but they still haven't changed it.  Personally I'd avoid using coinmarketcap at this point.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:28:24
My armchair theory:
There is a lot of talk about which way the futures may sway the Bitcoin price.  At the end of the day I believe the question boils down to this: does the CME futures change the underlying value of a Bitcoin?  In other words, does it make a Bitcoin more or less attractive to use?
In the long run, it doesn't matter whether there is a futures market, exchanges, or anything.  The price of a Bitcoin will, over a long average, be what a Bitcoin is worth.  And what a Bitcoin is worth is based on its utility.
Put another way, you can look at the housing market.  Every house has some fundamental worth to it because of its utility.  If you were to take the market price for a house and average it over a window of, say, 10 years, you'd get what is most likely the real value of that house.  The fact that there is futures trading on real estate doesn't mean houses become worth less, nor worth more.
What I'm saying is, we can certainly speculate what a futures market for Bitcoin may do to the price in the short term.  We can speculate that these theoretical professional traders will short the shit out of Bitcoin and drop the price to $0.  Or we can speculate that the same traders will all go long given Bitcoin's meteoric rise over the past 8 years, causing the price to continue its lunar trajectory.  But long-term none of that will matter; the price will still tend back towards its true, underlying value.
Therefore, we return to the _real_ question.  **Does a Bitcoin futures market make Bitcoin more or less attractive to use?**  In this case I say it's a strong **yes**, because at this time exposure is valuable to Bitcoin.  The more people that know about Bitcoin, the more value a Bitcoin has.  Because if you live in a world where 1 million people know about Bitcoin, it's hard to find people you can exchange Bitcoins with.  But if you live in a world where 100 million people know about Bitcoin, it's easy to find people you can exchange Bitcoins with.
Before a legitimized futures market like CME provides, it would be fairly sketchy to bring up Bitcoin during a board meeting.  But now, it's not so crazy.  And so this provides all the executives in the corporate world an opportunity to think "What can Bitcoin do for my business?"  Maybe they'll think Bitcoin can help them manage moving funds between their international branches.  Maybe they'll think Bitcoin makes it easier to transact safely with Chinese manufacturers.  Whatever it is that they ponder, the point is that with a well regarded futures market it won't be taboo for them to talk about these ideas with their fellow board members.
And that will all create real utility for Bitcoin, and thus real value.  Again, we can only speculate as to what will happen short term.  But long term I think this is only good news.
EDIT: Quick little relevant story I just remember.
I needed to perform a sizeable monetary transaction with one of my previous companies.  I brought up the idea of using Bitcoin with one of the other board members, as it would be more convenient for me at the time.  He was amenable to the idea and we went through the process of setting up a Coinbase account for the company.  After the transaction he, and the company's CTO, was quite impressed by the whole thing.  I think it was the fact that the transactions cleared in an hour that pique their interest.  Companies are used to dealing with _slow_ bank transfers.  Large transactions are especially slow.  But Bitcoin is always comparatively fast.  No weekend delays (hell, Bitcoin weekends are cheaper!), no extra waiting for large transactions.  On the scale of banking Bitcoin is nearly instantaneous.
I'm sharing that story to demonstrate that corporate suits will find a lot of utility in Bitcoin (some already are), they just need to A) know it exists, and B) know it's legit.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:43:26
Measured in USD the S&amp;P500 has grown 20% this year (2200 to 2650).
But if you convert the USD values using historical Euro/USD exchange rates, you only see a 6% gain this year.
That gives an example of what the value of USD has been doing this past year.  It's certainly not doing well with respect to the rest of the world.  However, the discrepancy doesn't account for Bitcoin's 10 fold gains this year.  If we do the same Euro exchange we see Bitcoin has grown from 950 Euro at the beginning of this year to 8500.  That's still a 9x increase.  So the falling dollar only accounted for a small portion of Bitcoin's gains this year.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:12:00
Nice video.
In it you say CME offering Bitcoin futures is unlikely to (directly) increase Bitcoin's userbase.  However, doesn't it necessarily increase the userbase because it will attract arbitragers?  Arbitragers must be Bitcoin users to perform their arbitrage.
@_date: 2016-06-15 17:12:08
I've seen nothing since my post, so ... yeah...
@_date: 2019-11-14 03:45:01
Yes; good catch.
@_date: 2019-11-13 21:06:41


The ECDSA algorithm calls for the private key to be selected randomly.  It's up to the implementer how they want to go about doing that, but the canonical way is to generate it in a cryptographically secure uniformly random way.


I'm not entirely sure what you mean by this question.  Are you trying to ascertain the distribution of private keys for any given bitcoin address?
Given any Bitcoin address (a 160-bit number), we would expect there to be on average about 2^96 possible private keys that could lead to that address, and we would expect those private keys to be uniformly distributed across the private key space.
In other words, for all possible private keys, each one has a 1 in 2^160 chance of generating a given address.  No private key has any significantly more or less probability.
If this were not true it would imply that ECDSA, SHA-256, or RIPEMD160 are broken, which they currently are not.
*(In the interest of absolute correctness, private keys are not chosen in the 256-bit space, but rather in the [1, n] space, where n is smaller than 2^256.  Though the difference is insignificant and doesn't effect what I've written here.)*
EDIT: Corrected
@_date: 2017-08-15 23:24:07
Skimming through BIP39 ( there's this:


So that changes the calculation a bit.  It means every guess requires, roughly speaking, 2048 iterations of HMAC-SHA512.  In other words, all your cracking time estimates need to be multiplied by 2048.
@_date: 2017-08-10 17:45:47
I see.  I hope he isn't using the canonical Bcash client to store his coin, cause the moderator of has warned that it may contain malware:  
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:52:49
Miner A mines a new block and begins broadcasting it to the network.  At the same time, miner A can also immediately begin mining the next block.
All the other miners need to spend time to receive the new block and then validate it.  While they are doing this, all their mining power is "wasted".
So this gives miner A an advantage.  That advantage is proportional to the time it takes for other miners to receive the block.
This incentives miner centralization.  The bigger you are, the more blocks you mine, which means you're more often at an advantage.  Also, miners are incentivized to connect directly to one another and place their miners physically close to one another, to reduce the block latency time.  This forms a cabal of miners, which can wield this advantage as a weapon against other miners.
The bigger the block, the worse this problem gets.  Bigger blocks take longer to transmit over the internet, and take longer to validate.
This is _especially_ a problem for naive increases in blocksize.  There's a known "bug" in the normal Bitcoin signature scheme.  It's possible to construct transactions with signatures that take superlinearly increasing time to validate.  It's superlinear relative to the size of the transaction.  For 1MB blocks, the maximum transaction size is 1MB, and at that size the problem isn't too bad.  But since it's superlinear, a doubling of possible blocksize can dramatically affect validation times.
Big miners can exploit this to further damage smaller miners.
SegWit fixes this bug in SegWit transactions, so the blocksize increase caused by SegWit is safe.  BCH solved this in their 8MB blocks by using SegWit's fix.  The blocksize increase of SegWit2X, however, does not take this bug into consideration.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:04:12
No only P2WPKH embedded in P2SH will use more bytes.  Native P2WPKH is less bytes.
But yes, you're right, it'll be cheaper either way because the weight is less.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:07:15
There is a difference.  A psychological difference.  It's more convenient to a customer to see the price of the item they want and pay that price.  It's more annoying to a customer to see the price for an item, but then have it ring up as different because of fees/taxes/whatever.
Economically, it's no difference.  But there is value in making things easier, and including fees in the price of an item certainly makes things easier.
Not that Bitcoin can't do that, we can certainly have merchant-pays-fee transactions.  They're just not pervasive.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:06:19
No I think it's okay to propose things and discuss what the best way forward may be.  We just shouldn't commit to any deadlines until after letting SegWit run its course (as you said).
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:58:51
Native SegWit will, yes.
Take a look at BIP 141: 
The legacy P2PKH transaction consists of the following data lengths
    scriptPubKey: 25
    scriptSig: 2 + signature + pubkey
So legacy P2PKH transactions use, in their scripts, 27 bytes plus the length of signature plus the length of pubkey.
Native P2WPKH transactions are slimmer:
    scriptPubKey: 22
    scriptSig: empty
    witness: signature + pubkey
So a native P2WPKH transaction uses, in its script, 22 bytes plus the length of the signature plus the length of the pubkey.  I don't recall off the top of my head if you need an extra 2 bytes to express the lengths of the pubkey/signature, but if that's the case then P2WPKH is 24 bytes + signature + pubkey.
So P2WPKH is smaller than P2PKH, unless I'm misreading BIP141.
Now, these are native SegWit transactions.  Most people are going to use P2WPKH nested in P2SH transactions, which are something like 46 bytes plus signature and pubkey.  So those transactions end up being larger.
_However_ it's important to note that it appears P2WPKH nested in P2SH transactions will still be _cheaper_ than legacy P2PKH transactions.  This is because of how block weight is calculated.  Weight, which is how transactions are now charged, is calculated like so:
    (tx size without witness data) * 3 + (tx size)
It looks like, roughly speaking, legacy P2PKH transactions will be about 530 weight (in terms of such the script data; I'm ignoring the rest of the transaction data because it's the same for all transaction types).  P2WPKH would be about 200.  P2WPKH in P2SH would be about 300.
1)  All SegWit formats discussed here are cheaper than legacy transactions.
2)  Only native P2WPKH transactions will use less _total_ block space.
3)  All SegWit formats discussed here will use less legacy block space, so they leave more room for other transactions.
P2PKH is the normal Bitcoin transaction that we're all used to; the one where you send coins to an address.
P2WPKH in P2SH is what we'll be using for a little while.  It's paying a SegWit address encoded as P2SH.  Those addresses are backwards compatible, so pretty much anyone can send coins to them without upgrading.  They look like normal Bitcoin addresses, except that they start with 3 (all P2SH addresses start with 3).
P2WPKH requires special support.  We're going to get a new address format, Bech32, that allows average people to send coins to them.  But it'll obviously require upgraded software.  Bitcoin services might start using P2WPKH internally, though, since it's the most efficient and thus the cheapest.
The way I do all this math is by adding the length of the scriptPubKey and the scriptSig (and witness data) for any given transaction "system".  That's the total "cost" for receiving coins to a script of that type, and then spending coins from the output.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:48:33


Market manipulation.  Take a look at the price graph; a completely flat line.  That isn't natural.
@_date: 2017-08-11 15:42:35
21.inc failed in part because they wanted to put a miner in every electronic device :P  You can't get profitable hashrate that way, and providing profitable hashrate to the average Bitcoin user is the crux of the issue.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:19:10


Something I think a lot of people don't consider is the distribution of usage of Bitcoin.
Most transactions don't come from average users like you or me.  It's likely that Bitcoin follows the 90/10 rule.  90% of transactions are from 10% of the users (exchanges, services, etc).
Those 10% of users feel the most pain from transactions fees, so they're the most incentivized to use cheaper SegWit transactions.
So it's likely we'll see most transactions being SegWit transactions a lot quicker than people imagine.
EDIT: As an example, I believe legacy clients can send to a SegWit address (P2SH address).  So exchanges can start making their deposit addresses SegWit addresses.  What this means is that they can start using SegWit internally.  And when they send coins back out for withdrawal, they'll be spending from a SegWit output, which will be cheaper.
That means two things.  1) exchanges will be generating transactions that can take advantage of the SegWit space in blocks, freeing space for legacy transactions.  2) exchanges can offer lower withdrawal fees.
And that can happen relatively quickly, depending on whether any exchange has already implemented the mechanism or not.  Again, its in the exchange's best interests to do this, because it saves them and users money.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:47:44
Most miners have demonstrated that they simply following the most profitable chain.  So, SW2X will only take hash power if it's more profitable to mine, and that will be a function of the value of SW2X.
In other words, it isn't the miners deciding the future of the market.  The market is deciding the future, and in direct control of miners.
@_date: 2017-08-25 05:45:03


There are sort of two things to support with SegWit.  Validation, and actually creating SegWit transactions.  There is nearly universal support for validating SegWit transactions.  That's perhaps what people meant.  Or the crowd was simply chanting nonsense ... which does tend to happen.
That said, it is my understanding that the Bitcoin Core software actually _does_ support creating SegWit addresses (P2SH addresses) already, and spending coins received at those addresses.  So I think you can start using SegWit today in Core.  The only caveat is that you can only access that functionality through the command line (RPC commands).
This is actually intentional.  IIRC nullc explained that having GUI functionality in the software that doesn't do anything prior to the fork would be confusing for users, and having features suddenly appear right after the fork would be confusing too.  So it sounds like, at least for Bitcoin Core, they decided to hold off on the GUI side of things until SegWit had actually activated.  Nobody is going to die because Core didn't have GUI support for SegWit the second it activated.
Ledger just added support today.
Basically, patience is a virtue.  Let's not forget that this is financial technology.  It's important to move things forward at a cautious pace, to ensure that people don't lose their money.
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:24:27
Anyway, ignoring the big "fake" transaction, a cursory glance through shows a _lot_ of transactions spending to P2SH addresses, which are most likely SegWit addresses (P2WPKH embedded in P2SH).  That's some fast adoption!
I was always bullish on SegWit transactions begin adopted quicker than people said.  The majority of transactions are likely generated by exchanges and other Bitcoin services, so those businesses have the most incentive to start using SegWit.  Once they switch over, probably 90% of transactions are going to be SegWit-ing, leaving extra room for us legacy transacting plebs.
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:20:18
Yes, you have coin on both chains, and you can control each separately.  If you choose to move one or the other, I suggest doing a healthy amount of research in how to do so safely, whether for Bcash, or for any future altcoin forks.
As to long term strategy, that's totally up to you.  If you feel one side of the fork or the other is going to win, then feel free to sell the other coins and re-invest them in the fork you believe will win.  Or wait if you think one side is going to get pumped and you don't think it's at its peak yet.
Or maybe you just don't know.  It takes no effort to continue holding both coins.  As things stand today you'll be able to use either coin in the future, so just holding both is perfectly safe.
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:22:54


No, Bitcoin was designed to follow the longest _valid_ chain.  Validity is critical.
And the title of the post is misleading.  Breadwallet _won't_ protect you from the SegWit2X fork.  Unless they implement a feature that splits your coins for you, like LukeJr's method, then any transactions you send using Breadwallet post-fork are going to get replayed and you'll (likely) lose coins on one chain or the other.  That isn't protecting you from the fork.  Node tethering isn't going to help you there.
@_date: 2017-08-10 19:06:52


I think we should fire the miners.
Not by changing PoW.  But by building my idea of a mining co-op.  A company that levels the mining playing field.  It builds its own ASICs, its own hardware, its own mining facilities.  Formed in the U.S. as a real company, and bound by legal duty to provide equal access to its hashpower to anyone willing to buy it.  The average Bitcoin user will be given the opportunity, through this entity, to purchase hashing power at the same price that the big players like Bitmain pay.
@_date: 2017-08-11 16:02:07
I ain't no lawyer, but that sounds like it makes it illegal for the _ransomers_ to spend the money.
"Whoever receives, possesses, or disposes of any money [...] which has [...] been delivered as random".
So HBO is free to give a ransom.
I believe the intent of that law is to make it illegal for others to handle the money, since it was used for ransom, making it more difficult for the ransomers to make use of it.
Of course, after the coins get tumbled, it'll be hard for anyone to "knowing the same to be money [...] delivered as such ransom" so ... I guess section 1201 isn't effective against crypto.
@_date: 2017-08-25 05:23:52
I'm not sure if it's been "decided", but I think devs are leaning towards Bech32: 
AFAIK, no wallets support it yet.  It's still fairly new, and these sorts of things will necessarily need time and attention to be done right.
Note that Bitcoin services can use native P2WPKH internally if they're running custom software, since they can just specify transactions manually.  So hopefully we'll see native P2WPKH in the wild even before an address format becomes prevalent.
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:15:55
Never invest money in Bitcoin you're not willing to lose.
Pick whether you're going to be a day trader, or a long term trader.  If you're a day trader, I don't know why you're complaining about buying at $4100.  You should have sold already.  If you're a long term trader, you can complain in 4 years.
That said, people who invested at the $1000 peak all those years ago thought they were screwed.  4X increase over a few years was a good payoff though.
I remain long-term bullish on Bitcoin.  Its come under mountains of attacks under the past few years, and despite all that, the price continues to increase and the majority of developers working on Bitcoin continue to deliver quality code and stick to their guns.  If anything, for those of us who believe in Bitcoin as a technology, now is a time to be even more bullish.
@_date: 2017-08-01 16:21:08
Yes, there is code from years ago when FPGA mining was profitable:
FPGA mining is not profitable anymore, on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:41:24
Bcash traders are currently paying miners a whopping $15mil USD every couple days; every time these mining sprints occur.
2016 blocks * 12.5 reward * $600USD = $15.1mil USD
I suspect the Bcash market is heavily manipulated.  Just look at the price charts; they keep going through these extremely flat periods.  Cryptocurrencies don't generally experience flat periods like that, especially not one with such massive PR.
So I don't think it's unfair to speculate that some entity is propping up the price to cause these effects.  And that entity is spending something around $15.1mil to do it every time the difficulty swings.
Now, some will theorize that these hashrate swings will continue regardless of the price of Bcash.  The difficulty will just continue to adjust downward until it's profitable to switch mining again.  I don't think that's the case, because it's not just a question of price but also volume.  The price may be X when the miner switches, but if there's no volume to back that price up then when miners dump $15mil on the market the price will collapse to nothing and the miners will have lost money.  It'll only take putting their hands through the flame once before they learn to never touch the burner again.
So, we'll just have to wait until whoever is propping up the market runs out of money.  At $15 mil a pop it shouldn't take too long.
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:00:25
Yup, 90% of miners are definitely strongly signaling for SegWit2X ... just like they're strongly signaling for BIP141 which expired 2 weeks ago and is now causing nodes to spit warnings.  They've definitely got their software configured _exactly_ how they want it and everything their software is advertising is 100% accurate.  No doubt about that.
@_date: 2017-08-10 01:09:55
Weird seeing a reply to this comment after so long :P  Doubly weird that I was just thinking about this idea again.  I was thinking today about whether a U.S. based mining co-op could achieve competitive electricity rates compared to the prevailing Chinese miners.  AFAIK the areas in Washington state close to the hydro plants are one of the cheapest rates in the U.S. ... but are they as cheap as the hydro power the Chinese miner's are supposedly getting?
I started to ponder whether a solar farm, at the scale we could build out for a mining co-op, would beat even hydro power.  It sounds crazy, but Tesla powering their gigafactories with solar sounded crazy ... yet they're one of the fastest growing companies in the world right now.  Hmm


So there are a couple things here.  There's the "source code", the final ASIC layout, and the physical masks.
Obviously, we can't make the physical masks open source, since they're physical items.
The final ASIC layout, well ... yes, I don't think fabs would want that released, as it discloses their libraries.  So we probably can't make that open source.  At least, not for any interesting nodes (14nm).
The source code, whether it be Verilog or a hand crafted netlist, that can most certainly be open source (like my FPGA code currently is).
But the source code is not particularly "valuable" relative to the masks, since ultimately the masks are the things that cost $5M+.  Sharing the source code with others doesn't really help them.
Even sharing the final layout, if hypothetically a fab were to allow that, doesn't really "help".  It saves a couple million for others, yes, but the physical masks are still really expensive, as is the capital needed for the initial run of chips, the cost of test fixtures, etc.


I don't think that bridge strictly needs to be crossed.
The only thing I personally care about is making it possible for anyone to have a voice in the Bitcoin hashrate.  It shouldn't matter how much money they have; the playing field should be even.
It's much easier to achieve that by simply forming a "non-profit" co-op, where anyone can pay for a percent of the hashrate and the company's mission statement is to ensure the health of the Bitcoin ecosystem.  The ASICs don't necessarily need to be open source for that to work.  We'd simply open source as much as possible because it follows the company's mission of bettering the Bitcoin ecosystem.
We could work to make it possible for others to get cheap access to those ASICs, open source our PCB layouts, datacenter designs etc.  And, again, I'd probably do that, because of the company's mission.  But that doesn't really help anyone.  Even if someone had equal access to ASICs, they still aren't on a level playing field to established miners because of efficiencies of scale elsewhere; the bigger miners get cheaper land, cheaper facilities, cheaper electricity, etc.
So really the point of the co-op is to _be_ a big miner, to grab all those efficiencies of scale, but then share it with the masses.  It's basically Robin Hood-ing mining power.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:09:22
There are possible solutions: 
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:54:33
So 12% want to fork even as an altcoin.  But ... what's the point?  Litecoin is basically SegWit2X already.  It has SegWit and it has 2MB/10 minutes.  Plus it uses a different PoW algorithm, so at least it won't run into PoW conflict with Bitcoin like BCH currently is.
Why not just use Litecoin if you want higher transaction throughput so bad?
@_date: 2017-08-11 15:48:26
I mean, the CEO of HBO just needs to walk over to Coinbase HQ, say "Hey, we'll feature Basecoin in the next season of Silicon Valley" and Coinbase will promptly hand him $250k in BTC.  Susan from HR can just pull it out of cold storage.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:08:42


Yup, that's why Litecoin is worth more than Bitcoin now.  It took many years, but the genius of having more block space prevailed, allowing Litecoin to attain $10k whilst Bitcoin fumbled and grows ever more worthless by the day.
Oh wait ...
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:14:54
So, there seems to be several issues here.  But let's discuss what this is, first.  To the best of my understanding (reading the description and not the code, to save my time), the TL;DR is: you can create a Bitcoin transaction that btc1 nodes will ignore.  That allows you to split your coins.
But here are the issues:
1)  The Bitcoin transaction you create has an extra transaction output on it.  In other words, it bloats the Bitcoin chain.  So btc1 is forcing Bitcoin users to bloat the Bitcoin chain so they can safely get access to their coins on the btc1 chain.  That's rather rude.
This is in contrast to the B cash chain, who's replay protection added no bloat to either chain (other than obviously having to create transactions and move coins and such).
2)  The special transaction that btc1 nodes will "ignore" is actually only ignored because it's non-standard.  A non-standard transaction is a transaction which is completely valid, but which by convention is not relayed or mined by default clients.  In other words, the transactions can appear in a block and all btc1 nodes will consider that block valid.  But if you try to broadcast the transaction to try and get it into a block, default clients will ignore it and not relay it around the network or mine it into a block.
This is problematic.  Many Bitcoin users believe that some current Bitcoin miners are bad actors; i.e. they're manipulating the system for their own gain (or possibly simply to be destructive).  If that's the case, we can't trust miners to _not_ mine non-standard transactions.
It's possible that you'll attempt to split your coins, only to have a naughty miner mine the transaction on both the Bitcoin chain and btc1 chain.
Now, that doesn't mean you can't still safely split your coins.  You'll just create the special transaction to send your Bitcoin coins to a wallet you control.  Watch to make sure the transaction doesn't get maliciously replayed.  Wait a few confs.  Then move your btc1 coins.
But it's certainly not ideal.  Again, in contrast to the B cash chain which made their special transactions required, and which were completely invalid on the Bitcoin chain (AFAIK).  (NOTE: Don't take my favorable comparisons to B cash to indicate that I think highly of B cash.  Let's not forget that B cash enacted their replay protection a mere week before their hardfork.  That's right; they completely changed the consensus rules of their software 1 week before hardforking.)
3)  This change doesn't help much.  LukeJr, I believe, already proposed a method to split your coins without requiring any special support from either chain.  It's a timelock split that takes advantage of differing block heights between the two chains.
It's a finicky, manual method.  But so is the method proposed here.  With B cash (hate to keep bringing that fork up...) you technically only needed to move your B cash coins, because their transactions couldn't be replayed on the Bitcoin network.  btc1, instead, is asking Bitcoin users to move coins on the Bitcoin chain.  It's unlikely the canonical Core software is going to include native support for creating those transactions, because it's unreasonable to expect open source contributors to update their software for every Tom, Dick, and Harry's fork.
Again, it would have been better to have something where you can create btc1 specific transactions that are considered invalid on the Bitcoin chain.
Ya know, if we wanted to do SegWit2X the "right" way, perhaps it should have been a fork to require all new transactions to be SegWit transactions.  That has a few positive effects.  Namely, it means we immediately get access to ~4MB of block space.  Now, you might say "but won't that mean upgrading everything to support SegWit transactions"?  Well sure, it's a lot of work.  Those working on btc1 would have to put in the effort to make SegWit transactions the default transactions in the client.  But hardforking is hard work.  And as for forcing everyone to upgrade ... well SegWit2X as it stands today already forces everyone to upgrade.  No existing full node software will see btc1 blocks as valid, since they're too large.
So if your plan is to force a financial network to upgrade all their software within the span of 3 months ... well you might as well make some other beneficial changes too, right?
"But man, that's a lot of development and deployment to do in just 3 months!"  Ya don't say...
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:30:15
Oh, this is an interesting one!
So, Bitcoin transactions actually have different kinds of ways you can sign them.  The typical way (glossing over details here) signs the whole transaction, leaving it basically "sealed"; it can't be modified in anyway.
But there are other ways you can sign the transaction.  You can pick all your inputs and outputs that result in the merchant getting paid, but paying no fee (yet).  Then sign in the special way that leaves the transaction "unsealed".  Then hand this "incomplete" transaction directly to the merchant.
Because of the way you signed the transaction the merchant can then add more inputs and outputs to it.  In this case, they'd add some so that the transaction is now paying a fee.  They'd sign their new inputs, and then broadcast to the network.  Done!
You might be thinking "but ... okay, well, if the merchant can modify the transaction after I've signed it ... can't they steal my money?"  Nope!  Your signatures only validate your inputs and your outputs, and your outputs spent all your inputs.  So there's nothing a merchant can do to change where _your_ coins go.  They can only, basically, append to the transaction.
Anyway, that's one way to do it.  It's not super efficient, since the merchant has to include more inputs and outputs in the tx, which necessarily bloats the tx.  They could bundle a bunch of payments together to minimize the bloat, though.
But it has a lot of cool effects.  It means customers don't have to think about network fees.  Merchants can ensure transactions pay enough fees (there are attacks on merchants where someone pays for something, but includes too little fee so the money never actually confirms).  And merchants can optimize fees using their own industrial grade fee estimations, or just holding on to transactions until low fee periods.  (They just have to be careful of double spend attacks while waiting)
@_date: 2017-08-18 16:29:14
How reliable are glitch attacks?
When glitching the XBox 360, you have a basically unlimited number of tries.  But glitching a Trezor to make it skip erasing Flash ... you've only got one try.  If you miss it, the Flash is gone, game over.
It's been awhile since I researched glitch attacks, but IIRC you just futz with the power rails at a specific time.  That specific time would be during the instruction(s) you want to glitch.
Well, what if the Trezor's bootloader waits a random amount of time before beginning the process of erasing Flash?  Then it'd be impossible to know when to glitch.  You could glitch the random wait, but, again, since I believe glitching is somewhat unreliable, every spike in in the road exponentially reduces your probability of success.
@_date: 2017-08-10 21:47:20
For those not aware, I'm the creator of the Open Source FPGA Mining project, which was the first open source code for mining Bitcoin on FPGAs.  I co-founded a company that produced FPGA miners, which lurched Bitcoin from the ages of GPU mining and paved the way for the current era of ASIC miners.  We were delivering hardware miners on-time and in-spec, when ButterflyLabs (remember them!?) was notorious for perpetual "two week delay".
I've been doing "microelectronic" shit for over a decade now.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:10:58
Credit cards charge typically 2.99% + $0.30 per transactions.  Usually that's paid for by the merchant, so it's hidden from the casual consumer.  Governmental agencies, however, usually charge the customer the fee directly, since obviously I don't want my tax dollars spent on credit card fees.
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:39:15


No, it's only fixed in SegWit transactions.  Legacy transactions can still exploit the bug, and SegWit transactions are not currently mandatory on Bitcoin.  SegWit2X increases the base blocksize to 2MB, which allows twice as much space for legacy (buggy) transactions.
But in plain SegWit (without the 2X), you can only take advantage of the increased block space by using SegWit transactions.  Since SegWit transactions don't include the bug the extra block space can't be exploited.
This is in contrast to Bcash, which, as part of its hardfork, forced all transactions to use SegWit's fix.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:10:08
I'm happy that the ultimate conclusion of the article is to follow the lead of experts (Core developers), but ... I'm sad to see so much FUD poisoning this statement.
**WARNING** I'm going to be somewhat sassy in the following text.  Deal with it.


The "developers" never agreed to the HKA.


Okay, I'll delve into it.  Maybe it's because they didn't check their plans with experts in the field?
It's like getting a bunch of rocket fuel companies + one rocket engineer together and agreeing to send a man to Mars in 2 years.  Ya know, it's great that the rocket fuel companies want to move the space flight industry forward.  Sort of in their best interests, I suppose, but whatever.  But, maybe they should seek the advice of a plurality of experts in the field?  Maybe talk to JPL?  Maybe Boeing?  I dunno, seems silly to plan a highly technical development without any significant technical advice.
In the case of my example, guess what?  2 years isn't enough time to develop and test a Mars mission.  Could you do it anyway?  Sure.  At the extremely likely cost of human lives and billions of dollars.
No surpirse then that JPL didn't want to risk human lives and their reputations.  Maybe we should just get a new rocket in space first, because we haven't done that for awhile you know?
So the rocket fuel companies decide to gather some other companies, leave out all expert advice, and agree to send a man to Mars in 90 days.


What was the required number of participants for UASF to fall short?
It didn't _seem_ like UASF was going to hit 95% consensus.  Which is obviously true; nothing is going to hit 95% consensus on small time scales.  But it _did_ reach enough participants to threaten causing significant chaos in the Bitcoin ecosystem.  Enough to force activate of SegWit.
I don't consider that falling short.


Wow a bunch of companies funded by Barry Silbert agreed to a thing Barry Silbert said?
Can we publish Apple board meetings on every week too and act all surprised and congratulatory that the execs agree to what Tim Cook says?


Except the impeding possibility of chain fork because the code wasn't thought through and mining nodes could have isolated each other on the P2P network.
But yes, now we're in the normal lock-in period, so it went without a hitch.


Because they weren't invited.  Bit a key point y'all left out there.


No, they're pretty much the same, since, IIRC only one developer was at the HKA.  Kinda silly to make an agreement with only 1 developer of an open source project.  I guess the obvious solution to that silliness was to invite _none_ of them.
@_date: 2017-08-10 19:27:27


I really wish we did have a good PR person to promote the Core project.  Imagine if Bitcoin had the same kind of PR that the Dolphin emulator project has!  I see their monthly articles get traction even outside developer circles.  They're just amazing reads and display pieces of the wonderful work of the Dolphin contributors.
I agree with your point.  Bitcoin Core is a volunteer project.  It's lack of PR has nothing to do with anything beyond the fact that no one has offered to do good PR for it.
Thing is, I feel like this whole mess of the past two years could have been potentially avoided if Core had had good PR.  SegWit was, unfortunately, for the most part marketed as a means to get LN.  Even though SegWit actually has little to do with LN.  SegWit is: a block size increase, bug fixes, transaction size optimization, UTXO optimization, and a malleability fix to enable on-top-of-chain networks (like LN).
If anything, SegWit should have been marketed primarily as a softfork blocksize increase.  That would have quelled most of the harsh criticism.  The fact that it also fixes transaction malleability and optimizes a bunch of other things is icing on the cake.
As it stands, I _still_ see the same stupid arguments where people say "we want bigger blocks!" followed by "we don't want SegWit!" which ... when you consider that SegWit is bigger blocks, really makes those arguments make no sense.  And I think that's a result of poor marketing for SegWit.  Not enough people know that SegWit _is_ a blocksize increase.
Again, I'm agreeing with you LukeJr.  I'm just expanding on why marketing is important and what could have been prevented if we had had better marketing.  Doesn't exactly solve the issue, but I don't think most people here realize how important PR is.
@_date: 2017-08-10 22:33:55
GDAX, Coinbase's exchange, is 0% fees for deposit (AFAIK) and withdrawal, and 0% fees for limit trades.
It's even 0% fee on BTC withdrawal.  Crazy stuff.
@_date: 2017-08-17 01:23:46


We already have 2MB/10 minutes without the hardfork.  The 2X part of btc1 increases average potential blocksize to 4MB/10 minutes.


Umm ... btc1 _is_ stubbornly refusing to implement technology that is clearly beneficial.  Just like bcash, they refuse to implement replay protection.
But they are happily integrating seeds that spy on your transactions.  So ... I guess they're not stubborn about violating people's privacy.
As for consensus, the majority of the nodes on the network do _not_ support btc1's proposed hardfork.  Whether or not miners do, if the majority of the network doesn't agree, then there isn't consensus.  And I can guarantee there won't be consensus in 90 days, even if everyone _wanted_ there to be consensus.  Because it's absolutely ludicrous to expect a financial network to upgrade within 90 days to untested software developed by engineers who have at best limited understanding of core Bitcoin principals.
Anyway, that's not the only reason to compare btc1 to bcash.  Both are rushed hardforks developed behind closed doors.  Both are outdated.  Both have deficient developers.


90 days isn't even enough time for a blocksize hardfork, let alone any other changes.
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:42:39
To address _why_ the university might have banned Bitcoin mining: Typically university's don't charge students for electricity.  It's likely they had an issue in the past where some students were mining in their dorms or something, using the school power for "free".  So they decided to address the issue by "banning" Bitcoin mining, primarily by flagging mining sites.
Not saying whether their solution was sensible or not, but giving a guess as to why they banned mining :P
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:04:13
The shitstorm that is about to occur as a result of the BCH hardfork will demonstrate to users and exchanges that hardforking is bad, and instill serious doubt in the 2x part of SegWit2x.
This is based on my prediction that BCH is going to crash and burn over the next few days.  Couple things:
1)  In case anyone wasn't aware, BCH completely changed their consensus rules about 1 week prior to the hardfork.  I'm sure there's a litany of bad code, bad specs, etc, but this one fact is all that's needed, in my mind, to discredit the acumen of the "developers" working on the project and signal rocky waters ahead.
2)  Based on that fact we can assume that at some point, if not already, BitcoinABC nodes are going to run into bugs with serious consequences.
3)  In addition to  the minuscule support in terms of nodes and hashrate that BCH has will leave it wide open to attacks.  The cost of attacking BCH will be small enough that they'll be targets of the "just-for-fun" types of attackers.
If people believe the theory that Bitcoin, a massive network, has been under attack lately by transaction spam, just imagine what a lightweight like BCH will experience.
4)  The minuscule hashrate is also going to be an issue for getting blocks onto the network.  As of this moment, they're stuck getting their forking block, which could take ... well, forever.  Who in their right mind is going to mine that block for a measly 12.5 BCH?  The difficulty between BTC and BCH is the same for the forking block, so it's equivalent to mining a Bitcoin block, except you only get a fraction of the reward.
I'm not entirely clear on BCH's difficulty hacks, but AFAIK they'll need to mine _six_ blocks before any temporary adjustment is allowed.  With an optimistic 1% of Bitcoin's hashrate, we're talking about 4 days.
5)  While we wait on blocks, the exchange rate is going to crash.  It's no secret that a large number of people are poised to dump BCH the second they get the chance.  My prediction is the price falls off the face of the planet, barring any manipulation.
6)  Meanwhile, the price of BTC is currently dropping.  All those poor bastards who bought BTC just so they could get BCH and dump for "free money" ... welcome to paintown.  They're going to lose a lot of money.
7)  If any of 1-3 come true, exchanges are open to attack.  They could lose a significant sum of money if BCH encounters transaction bugs, double-spends, etc.  That will only further exacerbate BCH and BTC price drops, further destroying people's funds.  Not to mention all those people who bought BTC on margin.
The sum of it is, BCH burns like a tire fire.  Traders pay a ton of money for nothing more than regret.  Exchanges lose a ton of money.
Soooo ... the 2MB hardfork of SegWit2X sounds like a great idea after all this, right?
*And yes, in case it's not obvious, this is all my speculation.  But I don't hear people talking about how screwed up the BitcoinABC development is, and the consequences that can have on exchanges.*
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:27:27
If a PoW change were planned, everybody and his mother would be at the ready with their CPUs when the fork happens.  The network would instantly decentralize.
That isn't to say that a PoW change is a good or bad idea.  I'm merely stating that it's unlikely the fork would be vulnerable to a 51% attack.  Quite the opposite, actually.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:01:08
Miners have to wait 100 blocks before they can spend block rewards.  How "long" that is depends on the block rate.  During the last bcash sprint, it was about 2 hours :P
@_date: 2017-08-10 21:38:05
In the early days of Bitcoin, users realized the 6 blocks/hr limit was a problem for allowing everyone to mine.
The average Bitcoin user doesn't have enough hash power to find a block in a reasonable amount of time.  No one wants to wait 2 years for the chance at a block.
So we created mining pools.  Mining pools were centralized resources that enabled users to work around centralizing effects of Bitcoin's design.  Now everyone, no matter how much hash power they had, had equal access to block rewards.
There are downsides to mining pools, by their nature of being centralized.  But since we can't work around the block rate limit of Bitcoin's design, we had to come up with a healthy compromise.  Mining pools were a net positive for Bitcoin.
Now we're faced with a similar problem.  Before, anyone could buy up mining hardware (CPUs/GPUs) and mine Bitcoin profitably.  But now, practically no one can.  There are only three ASIC providers, one of which doesn't even sell in small quantity, all of which compete directly against those they're selling the hardware to.  The average user has no way to reasonably participate in the Bitcoin hashrate.  Much in the same way the average user in the old times had no way to participate.
What I'm suggesting is a similar solution.  Pool our resources so that together the average users can be on a level playing field again.
That isn't "centralization is bad, let's centralize".  It's doing the same thing mining pools did: use centralization to work around Bitcoin's issues and provide decentralization.  And just like before, it's not ideal.  But it's a compromise I believe we have to make, and which will be a net positive for Bitcoin, compared to the state we're currently in.  I'm tired of having to depend on the mining powers that be, or fight these stupid political/economic games to keep them in check.
And to be clear, what I'm proposing won't ultimately be a single company.  It'll start as a single company; blaze a trail and test the idea.  Once successful, we'll set up sibling companies in other parts of the world.  Keep ourselves from becoming another single point of failure in the Bitcoin system.  Much like there are many pools competing against each other to keep themselves in check.
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:10:43


Look into GDAX.  GDAX is Coinbase's exchange and it has far fewer fees.  They have no fee to withdraw BTC, and if you're using limit orders no fee for selling/buying.  I'm not sure what the fees are for depositing cash, but I've heard there's no fee there either (for bank account deposits).
The only downside is that it's an actual exchange, so it's a _little_ harder to use.  Personally I don't think it's hard to use at all, but I can see how the interface can be intimidating to someone who just wants to buy some BTC quickly.


Transactions in Bitcoin are considered pseudonymous.  All transactions can be traced, since they're all public and recorded, but identities are not necessarily tied to addresses.  That's why it's "pseudonymous", because you can use pseudonyms to attempt to mask your identity.
It's a complex topic, so I can't give a full answer, but suffice it to say that you should read more if this is something of interest to you.


A paper wallet is literally that, a piece of paper with your private key printed on it.  Usually they have your private key encoded as a QR code, and possibly the associated Bitcoin address printed on there as well for easy deposit.
This allows you to deposit money to that address, but keep your private key safely "secured" on the paper.
What people do with paper wallets is store them in a safe or a safety deposit box.
Whether that's more or less secure is up to you.  Home safes are not generally physically secure.  You can't really buy any physical safe for your home that would withstand common power tools for more than a few minutes.  So you're banking on thieves not having access to your home for extended periods of time.  Or a well hidden safe.
Safety deposit boxes aren't bad.  They're at least more secure than a home safe is various respects.
Again, it's personal choice.  Is paper stored in a safe more secure for you than, say, a wallet on your phone?  Maybe, maybe not.
Overall, people think of Bitcoin wallets as either cold storage, or hot storage.  A hot wallet is a wallet you do your daily transactions from.  A cold wallet, is one where you store your coins for long periods of time.  Think of it like a checking account versus a savings account.
Thinking about it like this, you can decide to use something easy but less secure for your hot wallet, and something that's more secure but more of a pain in the butt for your cold wallet.  So, a mobile wallet is great for a hot wallet.  They're easy to use, and reasonably secure.  For cold storage, people tend to use hardware wallets or paper wallets, and take extra steps to secure those behind safety deposit boxes, heavy encryption keys, etc.
@_date: 2017-11-05 16:47:56
I'll give it a whirl.
I haven't gone through Bippy's code yet, but I read up the BIP38 spec, wrote some code to play with it, and compare against what results you're getting from Bippy.
Bippy is definitely doing something wrong.
**Technical Explanation**
BIP38 encrypted keys have 4 components (in the simplest case).
The first two letters of the key, 6P, are a marker that say this is a BIP38 encrypted key.
The next letter, Y in this case, specify some attributes of the key.  In this case it says "This is a simple BIP38 key, and the public key should be compressed."
The next couple letters (4 bytes in the hex representation) specify a "checksum".  We'll get back to this.
The rest of the key is the real meat of it.  It's the encrypted private key.  That's what we care most about.
Now let's get back to that checksum.  The checksum is 4 bytes derived from the Bitcoin address associated with the original private key.  A big caveat here is that there are actually two Bitcoin addresses associate with a plain Bitcoin private key.  One is based off the compressed public key, and the other the uncompressed public key.
That's why BIP38 encrypted keys specify whether they are using the compressed or uncompressed address.
In this case, Bippy spit out a Y which means it used the compressed address.  In your screenshots it even says as much.  BUT here's where the problem is.
When we check the checksum Bippy spit out, it doesn't match with a compressed address.  But if we use the uncompressed address, it matches!  So Bippy says it's using the compressed address, but it's actually using the uncompressed address.
So Bippy definitely has a bug where it's using the uncompressed address, but saying in the resulting BIP38 key that it used the compressed address.
This isn't too big a deal.  I'll discuss this after the non technical explaination.
**Nontechnical Explanation**
Bippy is encrypting correctly, but it's screwing up its encoding of the encrypted key.  It's saying it used public key compression when actually it didn't.  This isn't a huge deal.
So, the good news is that it looks like, other than that minor bug, Bippy is encrypted the important stuff correctly.  It should be possible to take your "lost" Bippy key and recover the private key from it.  Assuming your password is correct.
I should be able hack up my script to take care of that for you.  I'll to to work on that and get back to you.  (I need to fold in some Base58 encoding/decoding into the script and make it a bit user friendly for ya ;) ).  The code will be quite simple Python code, so you can do a cursory glance to be sure it doesn't do anything evil.
@_date: 2017-11-12 04:00:19
You didn't give any time lines as to how long you've been waiting for these transactions to confirm.  Why do you suspect they are stuck?
As of right now, the block rate of Bitcoin is slow, so there's a bit of a transaction backlog.  It should clear up in a day or two.  So I'd suggest waiting it out unless you suspect for some reason that your transactions will never confirm.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:21:50


That's not how generating income from index funds would work.
Market return on stocks averages 10% year over year (more like 7-8% after fees, taxes, and if you balance with bonds).  But that's _long_ term average; on the scale of decades.
So you can't pull 6% out each year, otherwise you'll chew through your investment during an unlucky down turn.
Thankfully, there _is_ a percentage you can safely pull out.  There was a research paper that determine that pulling out 3% as income from your indexed investments would historically work.  You'd have that 3% forever (including adjusting for inflation).
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:32:07
No I think that last bit of code is correct.  In the WIF format, if a private key is intended to be used with compressed public keys, then you append an 0x01 byte to the end (after prepending 0x80) before encoding to Base58Check.  Looks like that code is chopping off the Base58Check checksum, which is 4 bytes, when the WIF is uncompressed and chopping off the checksum AND 0x01 when it's compressed.
So I don't believe the bug is there.  Besides, from my investigations of the example OP gave it looks like Bippy _is_ encrypting correctly.  It's just screwing up the isCompressed flag during encoding.
EDIT: Of course, yeah, if isCompressed is wrong there it'll screw up the private key.  But I don't think that's the case because I can correctly decode OP's broken example using my recovery script.  So isCompressed probably gets screwed up afterwards.
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:16:38
That doesn't make any sense.  So ... nodes are stuck at 494782.  The forking block is supposed to be 494784, right?  494783 should just be a normal block.  So I can't see how this has anything to do with miner configuration.  That would only be relevant for the forking block.
EDIT: I mean, it could be that there is just an off-by-one error that makes the btc1 code treat 494783 as the forking block.  Technically the code would still work.  And technically the dev's response about miner configuration would still be accurate, because they need to mine a large block.
But I'm pretty sure all the announcements said 494,784 was the forking block.
So that would still be a really, really big fuck-up.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:28:52
Okay, here's the code:
It's a command line Python script.  Instructions on the github readme page.  Let me know if there are any problems.
Like I said, code is simple and commented, so you can review it for evilness.
EDIT: And yes, I tested the code using OP's example:
    python recover.py 6PYMN8WT4CW7xLYczLvYfXZCtQWND7XEesk32QbXujMgKhf2v5A2ZQANpL testingOneTwo
    These are the two possible original private keys.  Just import both.
    5Ka1Bv4RpKayZygPhZbBcREejqeYwq2iSRzWPKsg49SPgVRTnpW
    L4xfqBC8Xs2xgZAsC2qsqKyFa5ijzzzZuFJphYJfNtF577Xp2Ute
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:57:24
I don't see a way to graph the price of altcoins denominated in BTC?  That's fairly important for comparing the true performance of altcoins.
@_date: 2017-04-11 22:22:55
Padding and expanding are not the same.  The padding that takes the block header from 80 bytes to 128 bytes is simple and fixed.  It's basically free in hardware.
What we're talking about is the expansion phase.  That takes the incoming 512-bit chunk, breaks it up into 16 32-bit words, and then generates an additional 48 32-bit words from those 16 words.  The result is the W array, which is 64 32-bit words.
There are then 64 iterations of the compression loop.  Each iteration consumes 1 word from the W array.
Hopefully that makes sense.  Again, I suggest going through the SHA-2 wikipedia article.
In terms of computation, the expansion phase requires ~192 32-bit binary operations and ~144 32-bit additions.  The compression phase requires ~768 32-bit binary operations and ~448 32-bit additions.
The binary ops don't cost much of anything, so let's ignore those.  Based on additions we can see that the compression phase is 3x the complexity of the expansion phase.
There are a couple micro optimizations here that I gloss over, and again a few rounds here and there get skipped for Bitcoin mining.
But yeah, basically, it's a good chunk of computation saved by skipping one of the expansion phases.
@_date: 2017-04-25 16:16:19
No, salt is added to the password when the password is converted into a key (the key is then used for encryption).  Salt is not added to the data before encryption.  And generally speaking, the salt is random data and included alongside the encrypted data, so that the encryption key can be re-generated from the password later.
@_date: 2017-04-27 14:28:50
Ummm ... SegWit _is_ a blocksize increase ...
@_date: 2017-04-12 03:31:49
Hard to say.  On the one hand, the ASICBOOST authors should know more about the final impact of their optimization than I do.  I only spent a grand total of 5 minutes roughly estimating :P
On the other hand, the ASICBOOST authors are incentivized to fib, to encourage more licensees.  Easy for them, when the licensees actually implement the technique, to say "Oh, sorry, 20% was just a rough estimate ..."
At the end of the day, it doesn't really matter.  Even at only 10% it's still incredibly advantageous.
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:31:16


I was with a fortune 100 company.
@_date: 2017-04-25 22:18:06
Thank you, makes sense!  I did read some of the comments already on there.  Quite a few are just purely political, not addressing any concerns or raising valid concerns.  But yeah, submitting comments with evidence backed rebuttals would probably have the most impact on the SEC review of the rule change.
Reading from the SEC's rejection, this is the important section:


They also say "The Exchange represents that it has entered into a comprehensive surveillance-sharing agreement with the Gemini Exchange."
So it seems the SEC rejected the ETF because Gemini isn't a big enough exchange, fulfilling the "significant markets for trading" requirement; and/or they don't have surveillance-sharing agreements with other exchanges like GDAX/Coinbase/Kraken or even foreign exchanges.  The latter is up to Winklevoss to address, and certainly they could make their own arguments about whether Gemini is a significant market or not.  Nothing we can really comment on regarding that.
The only rebuttal I can think of is, either the SEC is applying this rule over zealously to the Winklevoss ETF, or that Bitcoin's public ledger imbues it, as a traded commodity, with augmented surveillability.  To the former I mean, maybe the SEC has let other ETPs be listed that were less regulated than Bitcoin currently is (I don't know if that's the case).  To the latter I mean, the spirit of the SEC's rule is that they want to prevent fraud, money laundering, etc.  To do that they require a sufficient amount of surveillance and regulation on the traded commodity.  Requiring that most of the trading market is regulated makes sense for traditional commodities.  It's easy to smuggle, say, gold.  But Bitcoin can't be smuggled.  Every transaction is public and immutable.  Whether a majority of the trading market is "unregulated" is, in my opinion, irrelevant to the spirit of the SEC's rules.  They really only need regulation and surveillance on the exchange in question.  Besides, they already have monitoring on most (if not all?) U.S. based exchanges (Gemini, Coinbase, GDAX, and Kraken).  The other exchanges, outside the U.S., can be surveillance by monitoring the public blockchain.
Perhaps making it clear the public and immutable nature of Bitcoin transactions would sway the SEC.  Or perhaps the SEC can be convinced to approve the ETF, under the stipulation that Gemini and/or Winklevoss monitor Bitcoin transactions going into and out of the exchange.
I know the concept of monitoring Bitcoin transactions is distasteful to some here, but the truth is that the Bitcoin ledger _is_ public.  Anyone can monitor and track transactions.  I see nothing distasteful about offering the SEC some policing.
Just thinking out loud ... not sure if those kinds of arguments would sway the SEC and thus warrant a public comment.
@_date: 2017-04-11 14:54:54


This is perhaps the confusion.  By expand, I'm pretty sure they mean the creation of the W array in the SHA-256 calculation.
Go here:  
And look at the section of pseudo code with the comment: "Extend the first 16 words into the remaining 48 words w[16..63] of the message schedule array"
So, if you have, say, 4 colliding block headers (block headers where the "message" section as described in the ASICBOOST paper are the same, but the nVersion or merkle root are different) you can send the midstates to 4 different hashing cores.  If all hashing cores are nonce synchronized, then all 4 of those cores will use the same nonce at the same time.  Thus, W will be the same for all 4 cores.
So, you can calculate W once and share it between those 4 cores, instead of each individual core calculating it.
The efficiency goes up the more header collisions you can find.  E.g., if you can find 16, now you only calculate W once instead of 16 times.  With overt ASICBOOST, you can just mess with nVersion, which I assume gives 2^32 different collisions.  Don't know if there are any restrictions on nVersion that would make that less, but I don't think any mining chips will have 2^32 hashing cores any time soon :P
Generally a hashing core needs to do two expansions and two compressions.  ASICBOOST reduces that to 1 expansion + 2 compressions + 1/N expansion where N is the number of collisions you find.
Now, the paper simplifies by saying that W expansion is the same cost as compression.  It's been awhile since I implemented the mining algorithm in hardware, but I don't recall that being the case.  It's probably more like 50% of the cost a compression?
I'll leave the efficiency math to you.  But also note that there may be other efficiencies I missed besides the one described above.  I've been meaning to implement an ASICBOOST mining algorithm in Python code so I can see for sure what all gets optimized.
EDIT:  Also note, there are a bunch of micro-optimizations that can be made to the mining algorithm, that pretty much everyone already does.  Off the top of my head you can skip at least the last 2 rounds on the second hash, and the W expansion of the first hash is simplified because only nonce is changing each time.  I think you can skip 2 rounds on the first hash as well, again because only nonce is changing (so the midstate you send actually includes those first two rounds).
@_date: 2017-04-11 15:54:50


Well, it probably costs an extra 5% to do it the way they do it.
Look, Bitmain could implement their chips 3 ways:  1) No ASICBOOST, 2) ASICBOOST+non-ASICBOOST, 3) ASICBOOST-only.
The cost per chip of  is some percentage higher than   Not 25-50%, no way.  But maybe 5%.
The cost of  is some percentage _lower_ than   How much lower?  Probably 15%.
I don't know who or why people are saying the current chips, which are option  would cost 25-50% more.  Maybe they're naively thinking Bitmain's chips contain both ASICBOOST-only cores and non-ASICBOOST cores.  That would definitely increase cost by 25-50%.  But that's not necessary.  They can just adjust the architecture and lay some logic on top to get option  without having two kinds of cores.
Of course, at the end of the day, it's not about increased chip cost for Bitmain.  The cost of the chips is dwarfed by the cost of electricity.  Really it's about having that 20% edge in power efficiency.


Well ... yeah.  I don't see how that's relevant?


The extra logic in the chip needed to implement ASICBOOST on top of non-ASICBOOST supporting cores would add additional static power to the chip even when not used.  However, it would be so negligible that you wouldn't be able to see it compared to other manufacturer's chips given variance in design, process, foundry, temperature, voltage, board design, and of course binning.
@_date: 2017-04-11 15:26:30
Tangent:  I think it's important to note that, as far as I'm aware, NOBODY has a patent on ASICBOOST.  No patent has been issued in any country.  It's only patent pending.
I mean, not that we need more rebuttals to Bitmain's arguments, but, them saying "The result of this would be a loss for the patent owners" is obviously incorrect because there are no patent holders.
Patent pending is not the same thing as a real patent.  The application could be rejected.
~~Also, gmaxwell's proposed patch only blocks covert ASICBOOST which, as far as I'm aware, is not in any patent application.  Speaking of which, if it's _not_ in any current patent application, it now CAN'T be ... unless gmaxwell patents it (or whoever discovered the algorithm for covert).~~
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:22:38
Ahh yes, reading the claims now it looks like the U.S. patent would cover covert usage as well.  Thanks for the correction!
For those curious, the application: 
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:03:10


It's hard to explain the true cost of adding features to a chip.  Cost per chip is important, and even $1 per chip is _HUGE_.  But it's also expensive on the backend.
Foundries, fabless companies, design firms, etc are ... really strange.  They get _really_ intimate with you and your technology, and they aren't a commodity.  So they don't behave like one.  This isn't like shopping around a CAD design and finding any ole factory to injection mold your fancy phone case that looks like a dragon.  This is a variation of good-old-boy territory.
I have literally gone to these people, cash in hand, said "please fab this Verilog with these test benches", 100% ready to go, and they've said ... nah (in more words than that).  Just because they didn't like the chip.
Adding additional features to a chip that you aren't going to use ... that just doesn't fly.  Especially not for small fries like Bitcoin mining companies.
@_date: 2017-04-11 15:18:16


Hi ... I do.
Including ASICBOOST in a chip that can also do non-ASICBOOST is more expensive.  I requires more logic, and thus more die size.  It also increases cost of development and testing (NRE) and die testing (+cost per chip).
Now, Bitmain already said their chips can do ASICBOOST.  So obviously they are expending that extra cost with each and every chip.  Kinda odd to add another feature to a chip that's already skating on thin profit margins and not use it.  Bitcoin mining isn't really an industry where you add logic to the chips for fun.


The difference in power would be lost in the noise.
@_date: 2017-04-11 15:37:51


No, it's actually quite an investment.  It fundamentally changes the hashing cores and how they are networked on the chip.


Covert ASICBOOST is detrimental to Bitcoin, because it doesn't work with SegWit.
Overt ASICBOOST is also detrimental from a technical standpoint, though not as much.  It basically destroys the nVersion field.  We can't really ever change the block header, so losing a field is not ideal.
Beyond technical things, there's the ecosystem to think about.  Patented tech in the Bitcoin ecosystem is toxic.  The ASICBOOST patent basically puts all mining control in the hands of the patent holders.  That's obviously bad.
If ASICBOOST were not patented, this would be a different story.  Covert would still be bad, though the Bitcoin devs may have come up with a different version of SegWit had they known about it.  Overt ... meh, I think we'd let that slide.  nVersion would die, but if everyone was using ASICBOOST by now then there wouldn't be much we could do.
@_date: 2017-04-11 18:12:24
The other incentive to sell mining hardware is that you never want to get to 51%; that would destroy Bitcoin and thus your profits.  So, AB or not, it's always in your interest to hold less than 50% of the hashrate.  Selling your hardware at a markup to others who will probably mine at higher running costs anyway?  Why not.
Selling hardware is also immediate capital.  It takes awhile for mining to pay for its initial investment cost.  If you, for example, sell as much mining hardware as you personally use?  Then you've probably just covered all your initial investment up-front, and now you're mining pure profit.
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:27:32
Yeah.  I was speaking in a hypothetical sense, in some alternate world where ASICBOOST wasn't patented and all the chip manufacturers decided to exploit the overt method.  If we were in the world, I'd just say "meh" and let nVersion die.
You're right though.  As it stands now, since no one is using overt ASICBOOST, we could just tighten nVersion consensus and not suffer any hashrate loss.  Personally I think we should.  I guess we've been so busy trying to get SegWit activated that the community hasn't gotten around to having meaningful debates about that.
@_date: 2017-04-25 19:55:51
Can anyone give guidance on how to submit a statement, what the statement should say?  I've never done it before...
I found this page: 
That spells out HOW to comment. It says, if you use the email method, you need to specified the SR number, but I'm not sure which is applicable.
This page seems to list everything about the rule change we're talking about: 
But that's got a couple different SRs.
This page has existing comments on SR-batsbzx-2016-30: 
I'll probably just dig through there and figure it out myself, but ... if anyone's done this before, it'd be nice to know the right way to go about things.
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:13:48
Imagine a factory assembly line.  It runs at some maximum speed, because the belt and workers themselves can only work so fast.  Say, 10 widgets per minutes.
ASICBOOST means you can skip part of the assembly line.  The assembly line runs at the same speed, so the number of widgets it produces per second is the same.  But skipping part of the assembly line is nice.  You don't have to power that equipment.
Now, if your factory is ASICBOOST only, then you can just remove the part of the assembly line that isn't used.  So the assembly lines are shorter.  They still run at the same speed, but they're shorter and take up less space.  Since your factory is a fixed size, you decide "well, I'm saving all this space ... let's add more assembly lines."  If you had 100 assembly lines before, you were producing 1000 widgets per minute.  With the smaller assembly lines, you now fit 115 assembly lines.  That's 1,150 widgets per minutes.  150 widgets more per second!
So your factory _is_ faster.
BUT, what if you needed to hide the fact that you use ASICBOOST?  You want it so your factory can work like a normal factory whenever the inspectors come.  So you can't use your shorter assembly lines, you gotta keep the normal assembly lines.
Still, when the inspectors aren't around, you can optimize your assembly lines.  Turn off the parts you can skip, and get the power savings.  However, since you haven't added any assembly lines to your factor (you can't, the assembly lines are the same size) you end up at the same widgets per minute as before (1,000).
Bitmain's chips work in non-ASICBOOST mode for their customers (at least).  That means they need the ability to run the whole assembly line, so they can't take advantage of any space savings that would result in an increased hashrate (per chip).
The popular theory is that Bitmain is, however, using ASICBOOST when they use the chips in their own farms.  So they get the power savings.
@_date: 2018-03-07 16:42:29
The CFTC only classified cryptocurrencies as commodities so they could have regulatory power over them.  I don't see any reason why the IRS would look to the CFTC to update tax guidelines, especially considering that doing so would lower tax revenue.  We'd need action from the top of the food chain to get the IRS to update their guidelines.
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:26:44


I looked into it awhile ago.  Here's an old comment of mine:  
Basically, native SegWit transactions should always be a little bit smaller versus the equivalent P2PKH transactions.  Signature and pubkey sizes are the same, but SegWit requires less bytes to express the script (SegWit is only 1 byte to express the script, but requires 20 bytes of "Witness Program" for backward compatibility.  IIRC)
Non-native are larger due to being wrapped in P2SH.  They're still _cheaper_, which is nice, but definitely larger.  We'll get native SegWit when Bech32 (or similar) addresses land, removing the need to waste bytes on P2SH wrappers.


Yeah.  I agree that calling SegWit compression is ... strange.  Even if we want to call the byte savings that SegWit enables "compression" it's so minuscule as to be effectively non-interesting (and there is a _lot_ more interesting stuff that got upgraded during the SegWit soft-fork).
Though it's possible the commenter you were replying to meant that SegWit _enables_ "compression" via protocols like Lightning Network.  i.e. in a sense the Lightning Network is "compressing" a bunch of small transactions into a single on-chain transaction.  Perhaps that's what they meant.  It's a bit of a stretch as an analogy, but whatever.
Their gist is probably right; slightly expanded and rephrased: "SegWit enables _optimization_ of the Bitcoin network, versus trying to make the network higher bandwidth.  In the same way that we had to invent video compression to deliver HD video to people's homes.  Delivering lossless video is not scale-able; lossless HD requires ~2.4Gbit/s of bandwidth (something basically no one in the world has access to).  Just like handling all the transactions in the world on-chain would be infeasible."
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:13:32
Native SegWit transactions _are_ smaller.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:08:39
So use Litecoin
@_date: 2017-09-28 17:16:08


That's not true.  0.15 doesn't ban btc1 nodes just for fun or political reasons.  It bans them because they can actively harm nodes and the P2P network.  gmaxwell explains it best:  
@_date: 2017-09-03 15:43:27
It's worth mentioning that while, yes, credit cards are safer for the buyer, the buyer is _paying_ for that safety.  Consumers are not generally aware of that fact, but at the end of the day all merchandise is ultimately marked up by the cost of the credit card processing fees + the cost of fraud (when a stolen credit card is used, it isn't the credit card company who pays; it's the merchant).
In many ways credit cards made everyone's lives worse because for a long time merchants were not allowed to give a cash discount.  So _everyone_ paid for the cost of credit card transactions, even people using cash.
Paying merchants with Bitcoin is the equivalent of paying in cash, a return to the "old days" (at least for America; a lot of countries are still cash based societies that never hopped on the CC bandwagon).  Whether that's good or bad is highly subjective.
Just FYI; not disagreeing with your point :P
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:53:42
You can't take miner signaling at face value.  Many miners continued to signal for SegWit, even after SegWit activated making the SegWit flag invalid.  Miners on the bcash chain signaled SegWit and SegWit2X, even though SegWit doesn't exist on that chain.  F2Pool signaled NYA for weeks after stating publicly they were no longer supporting it.
Basically, because miners have misused these signals so much, it's now impossible to use them to gauge miner support for B2X.
@_date: 2017-05-24 22:04:28
So, assuming your theory is correct, there are some strange implications.
Either A) GBTC is more liquid than BTC.  In other words, you have a set of investors who think Bitcoin is going to go up in value.  Some of them invest using GBTC, some invest using BTC directly (on Coinbase, GDAX, Kraken, etc).  I don't think the set is somehow exclusive to the point where only investors in the GBTC bucket would think BTC is going up; it should always be that both sets of investors think more-or-less alike.  So if GBTC is going up _before_ BTC goes up, that implies it's easier to buy GBTC than it is to buy BTC.  That seems odd.
Or B) the market cap on GBTC is so low that when a whale hits it the price jumps, whereas the BTC market cap is large enough to absorb a number of whales.  So the same whale hitting both GBTC and BTC at the same time would drive a large increase in price on GBTC but a much smaller increase in price in BTC.
If the former, then sure GBTC going up might be an early warning that BTC will go up.  At least, for now, until enough investors figure that out and start pricing it in automatically.
If the latter, I don't think GBTC being high necessary forewarns of a pending BTC increase.  GBTC should, eventually, correct for the whale's splash.
I dunno, just thinking out loud.
EDIT: OR, it could be that some insider knows something about the COIN ETF?  I haven't heard any updates on the COIN ETF lately, but the comment period closed May 15th.  Not sure when the SEC was supposed to make a decision on the current review of their disapproval.  Then again, if an insider did know something, why would they only speculate using GBTC rather than BTC directly?
@_date: 2017-05-13 16:15:52
In the U.S.?  Yes.  This is a well traversed issue, and is most recently faced by marijuana businesses operating in states where the sale of marijuana has been legalized.  It's still federally illegal, but the businesses still owe their taxes.  They would be stupid not to pay those taxes.  So ... they pay them.
You can Google around to find out how it gets filed.  Suffice it to say, if the malware owners are U.S. based, they'll need to pay their taxes.  Since they're receiving the ransom as Bitcoin payments, they'll pay income tax at the time the payments are received, and then they'll pay short term capital gains or loss when they sell the Bitcoin.  In the U.S., short term gains are taxed like income, so that's pretty straightfoward.  Though if they end up holding onto those funds for over a year while they tumble the coins, then the gains would be long-term and taxed at a lower rate.  Regardless, they still owe income taxes for 2017.
They'll also likely incur self employment taxes, unless they've set up a company, corp, or LLC.  In a sitation such as this I would advise at least an LLC.  It would provide a number of tax benefits, especially given their cash flow for this year.  It may also enable the malware creators to open up a 401K or at least a SIMPLEIRA, so they get some tax advantage on their retirement investments.  It'll also provide some legal protection for them.  If this malware business becomes profitable enough, it may even make sense to go public and IPO.  What savvy investor wouldn't want to buy stock in ransomware?
State taxes are a completely different matter, but I'm sure generally they'll want their cut too regardless of the legality of the operation.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:42:04
I mean, it's a kind of vote, isn't it?
So, the goal is to understand what the community as a whole agrees or disagrees on.  If one member of the community can object multiple times, then it's hard to gauge overall agreement or disagreement.
Additionally, your proposed anti-spam mechanism also requires a voting system of sorts.  The majority of the forum would need to agree that a particular post is spam/nonsense, but you can't gauge majority when, again, users can have multiple sock puppets.
@_date: 2017-05-04 20:17:54
It's roughly 15%, but gets interesting complicated depending on your situation.  If your total income for the year is low enough, it'll actually be 0%!  If it's crazy high, you'll jump into the 20% bracket.
And, of course, capital gains are taxed like everything else in the U.S. tax code; with brackets.  So you'll pay less than 15% depending on how much ends up in the 0% bracket.
Also, you need to pay your state taxes too which can be quite significant depending on the state.
@_date: 2017-05-04 20:22:02
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:05:48
The internet is full of trolls who would happily dissent and prevent unanimity.


I mean, you can't use unanimity as an anti-spam measure, since the spammer is unlikely to agree to the removal of their post(s)...
@_date: 2017-05-13 16:01:34
Sure, but you'd need ~13 words to represent a Bitcoin address.
I base this on what3words using, apparently, a 40,000 word English dictionary.  Bitcoin addresses are 160+32 bits (160 bits for the address hash, 32 bits for the checksum).  40000 ** 13 is 198bits.
You might be able to use a smaller, checksum, I dunno, but that doesn't help much.  You can't reduce the hash length (160 bits) without compromising security.
@_date: 2017-05-06 00:16:46


Because all U.S. based exchanges are legally required to get your identity before allowing major transactions?
@_date: 2017-05-24 15:30:12
The problem Bitcoin currently faces is that proof of work has become a poor proxy for proof of stake.
If some member of the Bitcoin community has X coins today, they can't turn those X coins into a consensus vote.  They could use either a CPU, GPU, or used ASIC to mine at a loss and thus have a vote.  But throwing away money is not a proof of stake vote, especially when other members of the Bitcoin community have a vote that doesn't require them to throw away money.  In other words, under this scenario, their coins are worth less than someone else's coins, in terms of the value of their consensus vote.
Alternatively they could buy the newest mining hardware, and potentially live somewhere where electricity is cheap or rent space somewhere cheap.  That may mean they don't mine at a loss.  However, they're still disadvantaged relative to the established miners, so again their coins go less further in voting for consensus.  Additionally, they are forced to buy from the established miners, so really their money is just being spent to vote against itself.
Finally, they could just build their own miners, but that has a minimum requirement of coins, so it excludes a large class of Bitcoin users, and it has a lag of a year or more.  It's also quite risky; it's possible you'll still end up with less of a vote than established miners.
I agree with you that "any other system will just be gamed and is a useless metric".  Proof of stake is, ultimately, all we have with various forms of proof of work being proxies for it.  But, as explained, our current proof of work is not doing a good job at being a proof of stake.  UASF is a sort of proof of stake, if we broaden "stake" to mean not just someone having coins, but someone's power to make those coins valuable.  I think that's a fairly reasonable broadening of Proof of Stake.  But again, UASF is not an ideal proxy for proof of stake since it's less of a vote and more of a nuclear warfare option.
@_date: 2015-10-24 19:50:27
I assume this is for XBox Live?  Looks like you can still buy XBox Live gift cards on Gyft (they accept Bitcoin).  Plus they give points back for Bitcoin purchases, so it's like getting a few percent off.
Awhile back The Humble Store disabled Bitcoin purchases "temporarily".  It's been perhaps a year now?  They still haven't re-enabled the option.  I used to buy most of my PC games on there when they started accepting Bitcoin.  Needless to say I haven't bought from them in quite awhile.
@_date: 2017-05-05 04:41:50
NIIT?  That only applies at higher levels of income (~$200k).
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:32:09


Yeah, I get that :P But what I mean is the troll just needs to make another account to prevent the first account's posts being marked as spam.
@_date: 2017-05-04 20:21:29
Doubt it.  Has to be like-kind and not personal property.  OP's house is not Bitcoin and it's personal property.
@_date: 2017-05-05 00:16:34
NOTE: I am not a CPA, this is not tax advice.
I'll assume you're in the U.S., a single filer, no dependents, and have 0 earned income (W-2 type stuff).  Take a look at the charts here:   (note: these are for 2016)
You'll notice that the long-term capital gains rate is 0% for all the gains from $0 to $37,650.  So, in the assumed scenario, you could realize up to $37,650 and have no federal tax liability.  As far as I'm aware.
If you realize more than $37,650, you'll be taxed at 15% for all the gains _after_ $37,650.  So if you realized, say, $50k, you'd only be taxed 15% on $12,350.  So your federal tax liability would be $1,852.50.
Again, this assumes 0 earned income.  If you _do_ earn income, you'll be taxed on that income, and it'll eat away at the long-term capital gain tax brackets.  E.g. if you earn $37,650 on a W-2, _all_ of your capital gains will then be taxed at 15% (since the earned income ate the 0% bracket).  It's a little weird; hope that makes sense.
This is all simplifying.  There are various deductions that will affect how much of your income and gains gets taxed.  You might be entitled to some credits.  Being a student there are probably some credits/deductions you'll get, and/or if you have student loans.
Most importantly, check how your state taxes capital gains.  It can be quite high depending on your state, income, and gains.
Oh, and check if you will be required to submit estimated taxes on a quarterly basis.  Generally if your tax liability will be below $1,000 I think the IRS doesn't require it; or if your taxes will be roughly the same as last year.  But I'm not super clear on that stuff, so check Google and irs.gov.
You can pay a real CPA to advise you.  Or grab a copy of some tax software and pretend you're doing your taxes.  Plug in what you think your income will be, what your gains will be, etc.  All the tax software will be expecting 2016 taxes, so just pretend it's your 2016 taxes; it'll be close enough.  That'll give you a more concrete idea what your taxes will be, as well as an idea of how much gains you can realize this year without a tax liability.
@_date: 2017-07-31 07:43:39
I made a post here two weeks ago with the idea of starting a user controller mining co-op that designs and builds its own ASICs, hardware, etc.  Didn't get much response to the idea.  So /shrugs
@_date: 2017-07-03 16:12:17
It's a tough issue to tackle (fee estimation).  If they estimate too low, the transaction could get stuck.  Perhaps the fee estimator sees low fees during the weekend, recommends a low fee late Sunday, and then suddenly a spike in traffic shows up and your transaction gets stuck until next weekend.  That's a very frustrating scenario for the user.
There are no great solutions to getting a transaction unstuck.
So I think most fee estimators are conservative, and tend to recommend fees they are very confident in.  To improve user experience.
So it's a really careful balance.
The situation we're seeing here is clearly abnormal.  I'm not sure we can even tune the estimators to deal with it.  Regardless of whether the elevated traffic was real or not, persistent elevation of traffic, with a brief spike down, probably shouldn't trigger the estimators to recommend a lower fee.  And that's exactly what we're seeing today.
Alternatives are to let the user choose a level of risk.  Default would be low risk which looks really far back.  Higher risk settings would let the estimator weigh recent transaction volume more heavily and take advantage of periods like we're seeing right now.
Of course there's also RBF.  I'm not sure if the current payment system implemented in Bitcoin Core let's the recipient specify "hey, I'm okay with RBF" or not.  That would make RBF much easier to use and more ubiquitous.  Whenever RBF is allowed, the estimator can of course use higher risk estimates, and then hopefully auto-replace transactions that get stuck.
@_date: 2017-05-13 16:17:45
Is that true?  Antarctica is owned by several nations, so I would assume any income you make while living in Antarctica would fall under the purvey of some nation-state and thus would be taxed.
If you're a U.S. citizen, you still owe your taxes even if you're living abroad.  You could drop your U.S. citizenship, but that costs money (yes, you have to pay a fee to drop your citizenship in the U.S. ...)
Living at sea is probably the best option.  There are also several "fake countries" with questionable legality.  You could ask to live there, I'm sure they'd get a kick out of it, and I doubt the parent nations which try to claim ownership of the land will actually give a fuck.
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:23:04
It's incredibly unlikely that Coinbase would be able to expose full credit card numbers; neither to an authenticated party like LukeJr's site, nor even the user themselves.  This is due to PCI requirements.
More likely is that the last four digits were exposed, which Luke's code filtered out.
I did skim through the code, and it _does_ filter some kinds of sensitive information.  Exactly what, I'm not sure.  Maybe the last four of credit cards.  Maybe some bank account details.  Etc.
Personally, I chose not to use his site because of that exposure.  The idea is interesting, but I agree that most people are unlikely to participate on the site because of those privacy issues.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:49:25
Okay, did a little searching on SIGHASH_FORKID and found this:
Assuming that spec applies to BCH, it looks like they will require SIGHASH_FORKID.  So transactions from the Bitcoin network cannot be mined on the BCH network, and vice versa.
But that requirement was only added to that spec document **3 days ago**.  Was that requirement already in the BitcoinABC client and they're just updating the spec?  Or was the requirement really _just_ added?  Why in the world are they changing consensus rules still?  Yikes.
@_date: 2017-07-14 15:51:16
I believe the implication is that Segwit2X is actually 8MB blocks, because SegWit can "theoretically" enable 4MB blocks, and the 2X part would double that to 8MB.
@_date: 2017-07-18 21:48:47
Wait, wait, wait.  Let me get this straight.  Miners running different consensus rules from the rest of the network may result in problems!?  WOW!  Who'd'a'thunk'it.
I wonder what the typical solution is?  Giving the network time to upgrade to the new consensus rules before attempting activation?  Nah, that's crazy talk.  Probably better to just release software and immediately begin having miners use it.
Or maybe using the existing, already deployed consensus rules?  Like, have all the miners mine bit1, which is supported by the vast majority of the network?  Nah, who'd want to use already deployed, heavily tested code that's been safely used in altcoins for months?
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:55:45
They're not referring to BIP148 as a UAHF.  They're refering to BIP148 as UASF.  The message states:


So I guess UAHF refers to BitcoinABC.  Does BitcoinABC activate on August 1st?
@_date: 2017-05-05 04:48:19
I'm all for promoting other exchanges, but Gemini's verification backlog is obscene (still waiting on mine ... ).  Good luck to anyone trying to open account; I hope you have a few months to spare.
@_date: 2017-07-21 15:54:28
I can confirm that as of this comment, 100% of the past 48 blocks have signaled on bit1.
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:49:45
Did they mod the difficulty adjustment code?  Otherwise I believe they have to wait until at least the next adjustment period (which are 2016 blocks long).
@_date: 2017-05-03 16:38:08
It's more fair to compare GDAX vs. Gemini, in which case the fees are about the same aren't they?  And it's not like Gemini won't report to the IRS when asked.
And Gemini's verification backlog is at epic proportions right now.  Be prepared to sit around for a couple months...
@_date: 2017-07-24 17:03:38
I mean, it _does_ make sense.  Three months is already too short a timeframe to develop, test, and deploy a hardfork.  Merging 0.15 on top of that is just additional work that would detract from what little time they have.
In some weird, twisted, hypothetical universe where I was working on btc1, I would do the same thing.
I know we love to bash btc1's development, but this complaint is a bit silly.
@_date: 2017-07-21 15:46:42
Technically speaking, isn't a BIP91 enforcing client like segsignal better at this point?  It would enforce signaling for SegWit ~1 day from now, compared to BIP-148 nodes which won't enforce until August 1st.
Or is your argument that BIP148 is better right now because A) a large portion of the network is already running BIP148 compliant nodes right now and B) BIP148 will force miners to be honest anyway, so there's little to gain from "upgrading" the network to BIP91 compliance?
@_date: 2017-07-19 15:36:44
FYI, the 6 transaction limit on savings accounts is standard for pretty much all banks, and makes total sense.  The whole point of a savings account is to give the bank better assurance that the money will remain stagnant, and in return they can offer you better interest.
@_date: 2017-05-05 21:42:42


... so you're recommending people switch to Gemini?
Coinbase verified me instantly.  Gemini is still sitting on my verification for over a month.
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:04:04
Here's some clarity for those who are confused (I was too initially).
**Coinbase is saying they won't support BitcoinABC.**
They also mention BIP148, but don't specify any stance on it one way or the other.  It's not clear from this statement whether they'll support the BIP148 chain or not.  (I don't know if they've given previous statements that express their position).
There is no mention of SegWit2X/BIP91, AFAICT.
Hopefully that clears it up.  I know a lot of people thought UAHF in their statement refers to BIP91/SegWit2X.  It doesn't, and that's why you're confused :P  AFAIK BitcoinABC actually is a UAHF; all BitcoinABC clients will fork off on August 1st regardless of what miners are flagging.
Here's the full text from the email they sent out:










@_date: 2017-07-04 18:05:12


Yeah, I don't know what other options there are when a large chunk of the network hashrate is centralized/anti-progress/ignorant/malicious.
Long term the community should probably form an ASIC co-op so we don't run into these issues again.  Build out our own ASIC and miners, run them in Washington and other cheap areas.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:44:20
An uncensored and unmoderated forum would be nice (the thought has crossed my mind), but it only really works if you have some way of enforcing 1 account = 1 real person.
If you don't do that then people can just create 1000s of accounts, spam their opinions, and turn the place to junk.  It would be equivalent to 4chan; you get unfiltered discussion, but nobody is real and it's impossible to "gauge the community" under such a system.
It's the same problem as Bitcoin consensus.  For Bitcoin the solution to consensus is PoW+economic.  For a forum?  I don't know.
In a hypothetical situation, you could have a forum where all accounts need to be ID verified.  Basically, to open an account, you have to do the kind of ID verification that you have to do with exchanges.  That solves the problem of 1 account = 1 real person.  But, of course, privacy, etc.
You could make the forum based on PoW, but A) PoW alone is a problem (see the current situation with SegWit) and B) who wants to expend CPU cycles to maintain a forum account?
You could have forum account status based on proof of Bitcoin funds.  In other words, your opinion is weighted by how much btc you own.  On the one hand, you could argue that those with the most skin in the game would be most likely to do what's best for Bitcoin.  On the other hand, people are irrational.
Any thoughts on how exactly a forum could be establish that is uncensored and unmoderated, but wouldn't become flooded by bots, sock puppets, etc?
@_date: 2017-07-16 15:55:50
Ha, I guess Luke got inspired by my idea (bitcoinvoice.com) :P  Coinbase accounts is certainly a ... different way of doing it.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:46:02
No, I'm suggesting something that would be more akin to an investment structure.  BFL and KnCMiner were just companies that users could buy miners from.  That's obviously a broken model.  They had no legal obligations to enrich those buying miners from them.
We'd build the ASICs, mining hardware, and infrastructure; housing the miners in our facilities close to cheap power.
The goal then would be to set up a legal structure where we are beholden to investors, regardless of the form those investors take, and to make it as easy as possible for the casual Bitcoin user to become an investor.  I want the bar set as low as possible, so that the average Bitcoin user has a real voice in the Bitcoin hashrate.
Now how exactly that gets structured is TBD.  Ideally I'd like something where anyone can just come to a website and buy "shares" with Bitcoin.  Those shares would give a piece of the profits, direct control over a piece of the hashrate, and influence over the company's operations.
Whether such a thing is allowable under SEC regulations, I don't know.  We'd talk to a lawyer to find out what would work best.  It might be that we'd just have to structure as a publicly traded company.  That's not necessarily a deal breaker, we can also structure as a California B-corp, which allows us to make more altruistic goals legally binding, such as ensuring the company always acts in the best interests of Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2017-07-22 16:41:05
It's my understanding that Bitmain won't mine BitcoinABC now, because BIP91 is locked in.  Is that not so?
@_date: 2017-07-15 00:16:54
In a general sense, the co-op's singular goal is to allow Bitcoin users, of all kinds, to participate in mining *competitively*.  So that they have a voice in the hashrate of the network as strongly as anyone else.
This in contrast to a cloud farm, who's singular goal is to generate profit for the owners of the company.  Whether their customers profit or not is tangential.
I want the average Bitcoin user to have as much say in the hashrate of the network as an ASIC manufacturer.  That means the co-op would develop its own ASICs, its own mining hardware, and its own farms.  I want the users to have every advantage that the incumbent big players have, without them having to invest tens of million in capital individually.


That was my initial idea, yes.  I would need more time to gather feedback on what people think would work best, and then I'd need some lawyer time to see what will work within the confines of the legal system.  I want everything to be on the up-and-up.
I hate to compare it to ASICMINER, but the way ASICMINER was structured is a good model.  If anyone remembers that company, they were one of the first to build out mining ASICs, and they did it by doing a Bitcoin IPO.  Shares were sold, you paid in Bitcoin, and your shares were tied to a Bitcoin address you owned.  Profits were distributed to shareholders by sending them out to the owning Bitcoin address.  And of course you could vote, by signing using your Bitcoin address.
It was all ahead of its time.  Unfortunately, ASICMINER disappeared.  It's long enough ago that I don't remember exactly what happened, and I believe, like many things Bitcoin, exactly what occurred is a mystery.
But again I hate to compare to ASICMINER, because of the bad connotations.
My goal would be to form a real corporation, within the U.S., and be as transparent as possible, including open sourcing as much as we feasibly could (e.g., the ASIC masks themselves couldn't be open sourced :P ).  No cloak and dagger, fly by night operation.
For example, it would be really nice to form this as a California B-corp.  A B-corp is a corporation that can state "social objectives" that it is beholden to.  In our case, we could state the company's objective is the betterment of the Bitcoin ecosystem.  This is in addition to the typical corporation's objectives, which is the economic benefit of the shareholders.  (B-Corps are a middle ground between traditional corporations and non-profits. They allow a company to generate profit, but can also serve for the betterment of the world).
Setting things up like that would mean the corporation is legally obligated to fulfill the goals I've described here.  So there would be no risk that I or any other founders could change the direction of the co-op, or sell it off to someone with different intentions.
It'd be nice to then, under the umbrella of that B-corp status, to set up something similar to what ASICMINER intended.  Sell shares for Bitcoin, and handle everything through Bitcoin.
That's just one of my ideas for now.
@_date: 2017-07-30 18:37:49
Looks like it finds and connects to a BCH node:  
@_date: 2017-07-21 07:29:36
You are correct.  BIP148 won't require signaling SegWit until August 1st, whereas BIP91 nodes will start requiring signaling in ~2 days from now.  So having BIP148 nodes on the network today won't help prevent potentially awkward scenarios where we might see tiny forks with miners not well connected to other miners.
And to be clear, both BIP148 and BIP91 only enforce signaling for SegWit; not actual SegWit blocks.  We won't see a hard requirement for SegWit blocks until after SegWit locks in and gets activated (which it will eventually, if signaling is enforced).  The next SegWit activation period is in ~1 week, and lasts for 2 weeks.  So it should lock-in about 3 weeks from now.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:59:45


VCs (if that's the way we go) are used to high-risk, high-reward investments.  That's the name of the startup game.
Just think of all that Juicero money that could have been spent building an Bitcoin mining company instead.
FYI, Coinbase, the company everyone loves to hate, is VC funded by YCombinator.  Say what you will about Coinbase, but they have brought legitimacy to the exchange game; something sorely needed.  That's proof of a few things: big VCs like YC are willing to invest big in Bitcoin, VC funded Bitcoin companies can succeed, and we can bring legitimacy to previously murky sectors of Bitcoin through these means.  Plus, YC is big on sharing knowledge, experience, and people between their startups, so they're more likely to be interested in Bitcoin related startups now that they already have a successful one under their belt.
@_date: 2017-07-21 07:21:38
AFAIK, the best BIP91 node right now is segsignal: 
I took a quick glance through the diff between it and v0.14.2.  Looks fine.  Running it should be the same as running normal Bitcoin Core v0.14.2; you'll just have to compile from source of course.
As for "Do we need to run a BIP91 node?"  The answer is ... you don't have to, but it's better for the network if you do (supposing, of course, that you yourself want to support BIP91).
Basically, running a BIP91 supporting node will help ensure that the BIP91 enforcing chain is properly propagating around the network.
If all you care about is whether your client will work, you should be fine on an existing Bitcoin Core client.  Hopefully SegWit will get activated in 3 weeks, and Bitcoin Core will function like normal.
In general, keep an eye on the news in case something weird comes up, forks start happening, etc.  Probably wait for a good amount of confirmations on any transactions you care about.
@_date: 2017-07-22 16:40:06
There is no hardforking logic in this pull request.
@_date: 2017-07-28 19:41:35
I thought BCC _didn't_ have replay protection?  i.e. transactions on the Bitcoin chain can (and will be) replayed on the BCC chain.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:20:00
Not to downplay the complexity of bleeding edge silicon but ... "meh" is my response.
This isn't rocket science.  Bitcoin miners are some of the simplest, easiest circuits to design and manufacturer.  The also have the highest silicon yield because of their extreme granularity and redundancy.
To your points, yes a lot of capital would be needed, and yes we'd want a relationship either directly with a fab like Samsung/Intel, or a good fabless.  Relationships like those are always tricky, but finding good VCs or board advisors helps (a lot).  I do have an existing relationship with Intel; though not directly with their silicon business.
Regarding the capital, I know it sounds like a lot, but seed rounds that big are not rare.  It's perhaps out of the reach of pure crowdfunding, but all that means is that we'd have to seek VC funding.  Which is not a bad thing, because as I mentioned finding a good, well connected VC to partner with would give us access to relationships with a fab.
Neither of those are real obstacles, in my opinion.  The _biggest_ obstacle is convincing VCs and fabs that this is a great idea.  I know that sound obvious; don't you always need to convince VCs that what they're investing in is a good idea?  But it's more critical here.  And convincing people that investing in a hardware company is hard enough, let alone a Bitcoin hardware company.  But I think it's do-able.  I think it's easier to convince VCs to invest in a mining startup, than it is to convince traditional investors to buy Bitcoin outright.
@_date: 2017-07-03 16:19:51
Where is the estimate of money wasted coming from?  I assume they're saying Roger is wasting X amount on transaction fees.
But if there's a collusion with mining pools, they can recover a percentage of those fees.  Or, better yet, have the mining pools generate the transactions on the fly.  That way the transactions are only included if a colluding pool mines a block.
That would potentially cost nothing or even potentially make money.  It depends on whether the artifical inflation of fees offsets the block space lost to the manufacturered transactions.
This would all be very easy to detect though, since clients on the network would see a large volume of transactions being included in blocks that they'd never seen broadcasted before.  I assume, if that were the case, someone would have noticed and said something by now, at the very least suggesting it as an odd anomaly.  (Especially since modern Bitcoin Core clients take advantage of knowing transactions before block relay, to reduce bandwidth and validation time.  Presumably devs would be watching the network and see that the system is having problems.)
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:05:05


Yes, of course, which is why it'd be a real company, based in the U.S.  None of the shady, secretive games of ASICminer.  And we'd be bound by U.S. law and fiduciary duty to do everything and anything in our power to enrich the investors in the company.  No way for us to play the games that ASIC mining companies of the past have.
@_date: 2017-05-13 23:21:42
Good point; it would depend on the nature of the tumbling.  Anything that triggers a taxable event would reset the clock on long-term gains.  If the tumbler is just throwing your BTC around between millions of addresses; that's probably fine as none of that would be a taxable event.  But if it swaps your coins through altcoins, or does conversions into currencies to hop between exchanges, then those would be taxable events.
N.B.  I am not a CPA, if you run a ransomware company I highly advise seeking professional tax advice from a licensed CPA.
P.S. N.B.  If it wasn't obvious, most of this is tongue-in-cheek, though factual correct to the best of my knowledge.
@_date: 2017-07-21 21:43:49
Yes of course; I consider segsignal a BIP91 enforcing client.
@_date: 2017-07-19 00:52:24
AFAIK, the most recent activation period started at 476448.  If so:
We are currently at 10 blocks in the activation period, with 9 out of those 10 signaling for BIP91.  Only 1 block did not signal BIP91.
The earliest it could be for certain to lock in is in 259 blocks from now.  The earliest it could fail is 66 blocks from now.  So ... see y'all in 2 days.
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:20:41


When they started they were.  The addition of ETH wasn't until later, and the addition of LTC was recent.
To be honest though, I'm a believer in Bitcoin.  My vision is Bitcoin, and a Bitcoin where every user has control over the coin.  Maybe Bitcoin will fail.  Maybe the community will fail to build a Bitcoin where every user has a voice.  But that's not my plan, and I'd run the company with that vision.
@_date: 2017-07-21 07:36:46
Since BIP91 locked in, there have now been 29 blocks, and of those 75.9% have signaled for SegWit on bit1.
@_date: 2017-07-14 15:56:23
Eh, potato potato.  Both pull requests have the same problem that OP is calling attention to.
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:06:18
This has nothing to do with SegWit2X
@_date: 2017-06-25 19:28:09
As  has said, I think there are users who would pay for a wallet, even as a subscription service (which I think is the most viable model given the need for regular updates).
Personally, if I developed a wallet, it'd be completely completely open source and I would just charge a yearly fee to have access to verified, signed builds.  So anyone is welcome to download the source and compile it themselves, thus getting the wallet for free.  But I imagine most users would be happy to pay for the convenience and safety of pre-compiled, signed binaries.
Could also be that there are some premium features; exchange integration, etc that you can't use without a subscription.
I think that's all fair, still in the spirit of openness, but provides a sustainable model to support developers like me.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go write a wallet ... which I've been meaning to do since forever.
@_date: 2017-05-09 18:46:01
I tend to agree, though factors like the altcoin bubble, etc might explain the increase in price.  Whether BTC will correct downward when the altcoin bubble pops remains to be seen.
I want to point out, though, that for Bitcoin no news can be good news.  (I don't mean that in the "this is good for Bitcoin" meme sense.)
Bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies in general, are still new and uncharted territory in a lot of respects and most investors are conservative.  The high volatility of Bitcoin in the early days didn't help build confidence that this new, untested technology was a wise investment.
But every year that goes by without incident and with continued ROI reinforces the idea that Bitcoin is here to stay and is a sound investment vehicle.
And this is true not only for traders, but also for businesses who wish to use or develop Bitcoin and Bitcoin related technologies.  There are a rare few companies who will gamble their livelihoods on new tech.  That small fraction of the business world is what has driven Bitcoin to its current valuation.  There's still order of magnitudes more businesses that could find value in Bitcoin and related technologies, which will be more and more inclined to experiment as Bitcoin proves its robustness through continued longevity.
@_date: 2017-06-02 17:09:41


I didn't read the referenced Medium article in detail, but it sounded like he had his gmail account hacked, right?  So the attacker got control of Gmail + Phone number, and used that to pivot to his coinbase account using the forgot password functionality.
Even if that wasn't the case, it's often the case.  Basically, if a hacker gains access to your email account, they can bypass passwords on _any_ of your accounts that are connected to that email.
Just pointing that out for others, so they can secure themselves appropriately from that additional threat.
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:07:07
No, the purpose of BCH is to rob exchanges.  Since BCH has such a small amount of mining power behind it, it'll be easy for a miner to 51% the network and double-spend an exchange.
:P  I mean, I'm just making shit up, but since it's so easy to 51% BCH ... well, let's just say I hope Kraken, Gemini, etc know what they're doing.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:05:27
What would you like to know?
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:39:33
A corporation can't increase the number of shares, unless it's in the best interest of the existing shareholders.
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:49:54
No, no, no.  Clearly the developers who eat, sleep, and breathe Bitcoin for years have _no_ clue what the limitations of the protocol are.  Increasing blocksize is _easy_!  Layer 2 protocols are just some harebrained scheme to drive people away from the software they've spent almost a decade working on!  SPV clients are simple, efficient, and well thought-out.  Satoshi was perfect and all his ideas, including having a marketplace in the Core client, totally pan out.
Dropping the sarcasm for a bit; nice research and article!  This is just one of the _many_ reasons why scaling Bitcoin is not simple.  It's not surprising that scaling a completely new, unknown kind of money is difficult, when even scaling "simple" technology like RDBMSs to worldwide loads is extremely non-trivial.
As a side note, I think we should stop calling ideas like the Lightning network off-chain scaling.  It gives the wrong impression.  Instead, maybe something like calling it on-top-of-chain scaling?  Things like GDAX and other exchanges are off-chain scaling; their transactions occur completely off the chain.  But the Lightening network are transactions built on-top-of Bitcoin.  It's an important distinction because Layer 2 protocols _add_ value to Bitcoin by building on top of it.
@_date: 2017-06-02 17:25:14
Good article.
I will say, though, that you probably _should_ discuss salary with co-workers.  It's very much a scenario of "don't make this awkward"; it's only awkward if you make it awkward.  The benefit is that everyone in the company can know if they're being treated fairly or not.  Boss's, even with the best intentions, might pay people differently for different reasons, so it's your responsibility as an employee to fight for the wages you believe you deserve.  Not knowing what your co-workers are making can make this a very difficult task.
As an employee, if you believe you're being paid less than you should, talk to your boss about it.  Again, don't make it awkward.  Shit happens.  Just say, hey, I know such and such is making more than me, or the industry average is such and such higher than me.  I think I should be earning X.  Can we talk about that?  Most importantly, don't walk in there expecting an immediate raise.  Just talk about it, and give your boss room to figure something out.  It's usually not a good idea for managers to give raises right after they're asked for, so give them room to schedule the raise after the next quarter or whenever they usually do salary adjustments.
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:19:09
Thanks.  Yeah, didn't know about that site and it didn't come up when I googled around for something similar :/
On the bright side, my site isn't bitcoin.com? :P
@_date: 2017-06-02 17:46:44
There's a reason I don't have positions in ETH: the sheer cowboy mentality about the whole thing.
Let me get this straight, Geth changed behavior of its API in a PATCH release!?  What the actual fuck?
Awhile back I bought a bit of ETH when I saw it looked at a low point.  Why not?  So I bought some, and set up a wallet.  When I delved into the wild world of ETH wallets I discovered that they use Node and Electron.
Now, I'm not usually one to question tech stack.  Use whatever works, right?  I even entertained the idea of using Electron for building my personal password manager.  But a cryptocurrency wallet is a totally different beast.  It's accepting foreign input, and displaying that foreign input through the UI.  Ethereum is even more exposed to this, because of the sheer number of ways that foreign inputs have to be displayed through the UI.  And they're trusting Electron and Node with that!?
If Ethereum was old and well seasoned, and they had an incredible, well thought out stack of technology powering the wallet, then MAYBE using Electron for the UI would be okay.  But Ethereum is less than 2 years old!
I feel bad mentioning all this.  The _concept_ of Ethereum is nice.  I hope we can bolt something like it onto Bitcoin when the time is right.  But the execution of Eth is horrifically bad.  That can't be said enough.  Businesses investing their future in a cesspool of cowboy programmer bullcrap need to be made aware of that fact.
@_date: 2013-05-17 07:32:19
Thank you, I appreciate the encouragement.
@_date: 2017-06-29 03:26:01


The only thing we can concretely talk about is contracts on the blockchain.
Maybe Joe owns 500 BTC in one address.  He has the private key for that address.  He signs a message saying "I own 500 BTC at this address, I support the adoption of SegWit."  Then he throws the private key away and later says "well, my vote doesn't count because I don't have the private key anymore."  Tough cookies.  We have no proof he threw the private key away.  We never could.  We _do_ have proof he could sign using that private key when the message was signed.  That's concrete, provable.
Joe might be using a wallet where he can only send coins every other Tuesday.  But if those coins are sitting in a P2PKH, tough cookies.  No way to prove he's using such a wallet.  The contract isn't in the blockchain.
Joe might have been legally married to a horse.  During the marriage, he voted for Segwit.  But now they're divorced, and the horse legally got the private key.  Well that horse can post on Reddit all it wants, saying that vote doesn't count because Joe isn't legally allowed to spend those coins.  But tough cookies.  Not on the blockchain.
Now, we can quibble that a signature on an arbitrary message is not equivalent to a signature on a transaction.  One could argue that because those two aren't _exactly_ the same thing, then a "vote" is not equivalent to the ability to spend a UTXO.  But what exactly is the point of arguing that?  All these weird, fringe usages of private keys are unlikely to amount to any more than 0.1% of any vote.
At least the pseudo Proof of Stake offered by BitcoinVoice is better than the terrible proxy we have for Proof of Stake today (Proof of Work).
@_date: 2013-09-09 13:17:06
And to be clear, this doesn't pose a threat to anyone; it's just an inconvenience at the moment.  The core team of Bitcoin developers move fast, so the problem should be resolved quickly.  Remember, Bitcoin is still in beta!
If you're impressed by the speed at which the developers solve problems like this, send them a thank you or donation; they deserve it!
@_date: 2016-07-10 20:01:01
My work on Bitcoin FPGA mining gear was always open source (  It's a shame that the company I grouped up with to sell FPGA mining hardware never pivoted to ASICs.  But hindsight is 50/50, and the well had been poisoned by numerous scams at the time so getting consumer traction would have been challenging (these were the days of BFL...).  Plus I was obnoxiously busy with other priorities, so could not dedicate enough time to moving the project forward.
Nowadays, that open source code is about as much open source as you're going to get out of an ASIC design.  You generally can't open source the output of the ASIC synthesizer tools, because A) the output is specific to a given semiconductor fab, and B) the software and/or fab libraries place legal restrictions on it.  So the source Verilog is really all that _can_ be open sourced.
Group buys are likely a thing of the past.  Even if we got ASICs into the hands of every Bitcoiner, who could really use them?  The mining margins have been thin enough for quite awhile now that the cost of power dominates the equation.  Most people wouldn't be able to mine profitably, so the ASICs are effectively useless to them.  And the companies mining in areas where power is cheaper will just continue to edge out the competition.
I don't know what the solution to centralization is.  I don't believe getting ASICs into everyone's hands would do it, but as always my code is open source, so it's available to use for such an endeavor.
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:18:47
AFAIK only Newegg Canada stopped accepting Bitcoin.  Newegg.com still is.
@_date: 2013-06-05 09:50:10
The software for my hardware wallet is in alpha testing (feature complete, needs testing/polish).  I just finished the first rev of the PCB; doing a couple reviews before I send it to fab for the first prototypes.
@_date: 2017-06-02 20:35:38
Great points!
I think knowing others' salaries is important to understanding what you feel your salary should be.  I mean, if you have nothing to gauge on, how do you know how much to ask for?
The most important thing is that, when you're being honest with others about your salary, and they're being honest with you about theirs, you need to be honest with _yourself_.
People doing the same "job" are going to get different salaries, even in a "perfect" world, because people have different capabilities, different strengths and weaknesses, etc.  You need to be honest with yourself and acknowledge that, sometimes, person A is earning more than you because what they do is more valuable to the company.
That honesty is important, and I kind of alluded to it by saying "don't make it awkward", but I could have been more clear.  Don't be jealous because someone makes more than you.  If they're making more than you simply because they asked for more; rectify that.  If they're making more because they're better at their job?  Git gud.  Don't know why they make more?  Ask your boss.  Have a frank conversation and have a willingness to improve.
@_date: 2013-05-17 11:30:51


The device supports encrypted backup and restore (password is only ever entered on the device).  Users can make a backup, and print the (tiny) file out.  Probably even as a QR code.  Backups are internally redundant, and HMAC hashed for authenticity and integrity.


The device uses a deterministic keychain.  The way it is currently used allows the client software (running on the PC) to generate public keys on-demand, without the Titan attached.
For the truly paranoid, the keychain scheme I use can be easily abused into two factor authentication, or other schemes.
@_date: 2017-06-29 02:43:35


So you're saying Joe has access to the private keys that allow spending from all 3 UTXOs?
Then Joe _owns_ all 3 UTXOs.  End of story.  Joe, Bob, and Mary may have some sharing agreement.  But that's not codified in the UTXOs.  As far as the Bitcoin network is concerned, anyone who has the private key _owns_ the UTXO because they can, at any point, without recourse from the network, spend the UTXO.  Bob and Mary may not like it, but tough cookies.
Even in a more pure Proof of Stake system the same would apply.  Joe would be able to put up all 3.5 BTC as stake.
As a more real-world example, imagine you shared a bank account with someone.  That someone defaulted on a debt.  Are the debt collectors going to consult you and ask what agreement you have with this other person regarding the funds in that bank account?  No.  They're going to take it all.
@_date: 2017-06-22 15:22:12
The Bitcoin Core client _does_ checkpoint, and checkpointing has nothing to do with this post.
@_date: 2013-05-17 07:40:03
On the other hand, the Bitcoin network is a great way to estimate a lower bound on how much it would cost to crack a password.  I slapped together a webpage that helps calculate this: 
@_date: 2013-09-02 23:29:42
If I recall correctly, coinbase has a referral program.
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:12:43


Yup, it already supports encrypted backup and restore.  Since the wallet is deterministic, a user only needs to backup once and can then resurrect that wallet should anything happen to the device.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:03:16


Very likely.  The modifications I made to the client aren't platform specific.


@_date: 2013-05-05 09:32:19
Sorry, but you have made a mistake.  The Spartan 6 LX9 chips do not produce 240MH/s, and never will.  They will produce _at_most_ 18MH/s, and that's the Hail Mary estimate.
(Source: I wrote the Open Source FPGA Bitcoin Miner)
@_date: 2013-09-18 07:13:21
I get the feeling Schneier is just stirring up shit to get people to stop being so lax about security and to pay more attention.  That is not necessarily a bad thing, but I'm concerned by the amount of unwarranted paranoia it might inspire.  For example, there was a blog post on his concerns over Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC).  We already know the concerns about ECC, and the standardized curves.  Just vague, hand-wavy, "I don't like the cut of ECC's jib" sort of thing.  He didn't reveal anything new, let alone anything specific.  All it really did was get people paranoid enough to start taking a harder look.  Whether in time we will be grateful for that or not, remains to be seen.  Anyway, I don't mean any disrespect.  Schneier seems like a smart fellow, and I'm sure his motives are good.
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:30:44
Honestly, I did not have a good experience setting up BitPay.  Their test servers were very unreliable; I never got them to work once during the week or so I attempted integrating with BitPay.  Their customer service wasn't too bad; they got back to me within ~24hrs each time I had to contact them.  But I never did successfully integrate BitPay into my site.  Now with rumors of them being owned by Bitmain/Jihan ... I'm not too keen to try again any time soon.
I haven't tried integrating Coinbase yet.  As a user I've never had a good experience paying at a site that offered Coinbase.  Coinbase always wanted me to login for some reason.  Maybe that's a configuration option and every site that offered Bitcoin payment through Coinbase had it on, but ... it kind of makes offering Bitcoin payment pointless.
The other alternatives I'm aware of, for Bitcoin payment processors, are Braintree and Stripe.  It _seems_ like you can enable Bitcoin as option for either of them.  That seems pretty nice, since it would also allow a merchant to accept credit cards, so they only have to use one payment processor for everything.  I haven't tried to set up either yet.  AFAIK Bitcoin is a bit of an experimental feature on both platforms.  I'll probably try Stripe next, since I was able to find better information on them accepting Bitcoin and Braintree is owned by PayPal.
Just figured I'd bring this up, because when people complain about companies dropping support for Bitcoin payments or not adding support ... well, the ecosystem is _hardly_ there.
EDIT: I should note that, supposing Stripe's Bitcoin option works well, it actually seems fairly nice.  Again, it makes it easier to have one payment processor for both CC and BTC.  But on top of that, Stripe at least only charges a 0.8% fee on BTC transactions ($5 max).  Compared to, I think it was ~3% + some cents for CC.  And no chargebacks, obviously.  That's a pretty good incentive for merchants to offer it.  So the landscape is perhaps not _all_ doom and gloom.  I just wish BitPay hadn't shit the bed.
@_date: 2013-05-17 11:24:16


None taken.  I took security very seriously for this project.  This project has been in development for one year so far, not because it is technically challenging to implement (I had a proof-of-concept working a year ago), but because I have taken pain-staking efforts to design the way the crypto algorithms are used and implemented.


The private data (which consists of a 256-bit private key, and 256-bit chain key), which is used for deterministic key generation, is sourced from a TRNG, True Random Number Generator, so there are no algorithms involved there.  It gets the entropy from thermal noise in the chip.  That section of my crypto library confirms to the FIPS standards for random number generators.
As for how you can be sure, well, if/when I sell the product, the code will likely be Open Source, so users can check for themselves.


The same TRNG.


I would love to answer this, but frankly it would be impossible to say right now.  You, and others, are more than welcome to throw out figures you would *like* it to be priced at; that would useful information should I choose to sell the device.
@_date: 2017-06-28 17:21:33
My voting app (bitcoinvoice.com), very similar to OP's link (I didn't know about that site when I made mine) tracks balances in real-time.  So it overcomes the "currently" problem.
@_date: 2013-05-17 12:56:15
They are welcome to compile the code themselves and use the resulting binary.  It's also possible to set up a deterministic toolchain in a VM, which always gives the same result given the same code and compile options.  The Satoshi Bitcoin client has the latter.
@_date: 2013-12-15 15:16:31
I've been using my [Bitcoin Titan]( for several months now.  It has worked quite well thus far.  A couple of rough edges I need to polish, but I'm quite happy with it.
@_date: 2013-07-15 03:27:41
I think you may find it useful to understand SHA-256 by itself first, before learning how it's used and optimized in Bitcoin mining.
I say this, because you use the words "the bitcoin algo takes ..." when, in reality, the Bitcoin mining algorithm doesn't care a lick about the internals of SHA-256 hashing.  The simplest form of the mining algorithm is just:
    for i in range (2**256):
        header.nonce = i
        hash = sha256 (sha256 (serialize (header)))
        if hash &lt; target:
            return header
So, the mining algorithm doesn't need to care about initial states, padding, or any gory details.  That's all handled by the SHA-256 algorithm, which can be implemented separate, in isolation, and based entirely on the SHA-2 specification.


Yes, that's how the midstate optimization is implemented.  This works, because the nonce, which is the only thing being changed in the loop, is after the first 64 bytes.  Every calculation after that is dependent on the nonce, so it can't be precomputed.


Look up the pseudo-code in the [SHA-256 wikipedia article](  Under the section "Pre-processing" you'll see how a message is padded in the SHA-256 algorithm.


Yes, but the initial state isn't arbitrary, it's defined by the SHA-2 standard.


Same.  Again, defined by the SHA-2 standard.  The wiki article lists it:
    Initialize hash values:
    (first 32 bits of the fractional parts of the square roots of the first 8 primes 2..19):
    h0 := 0x6a09e667
    h1 := 0xbb67ae85
    h2 := 0x3c6ef372
    h3 := 0xa54ff53a
    h4 := 0x510e527f
    h5 := 0x9b05688c
    h6 := 0x1f83d9ab
    h7 := 0x5be0cd19
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:19:14
~~I'm pretty sure Egifter started requiring coinbase ... at least I recall getting an email about it some time ago.~~
@_date: 2013-11-04 08:24:08
Refund-to-sender is a misnomer.  In actuality it is refunding to an input address involved in the transaction.  Bitcoin does not guarantee that input addresses belong to the same person, or any person.  Therefore sending Bitcoins back to an input address is not refund-to-sender.  Hence, it is "evil."
Shared wallets are not doing anything wrong with respect to the way Bitcoin works.  That isn't to say they are great solutions, but they aren't breaking the unwritten rules of Bitcoin.  Refund-to-sender is.  Hence the latter is considered "evil", but the former is not.
@_date: 2013-10-07 07:21:05
Q and G are points on an Elliptic curve.  There is no division on an elliptic curve.
@_date: 2017-06-12 06:10:19
Not sure why bitcoinity showed 3000. I was watching the real GDAX feed and it never touched 3000.  Guess I can't trust bitcoinity anymore :/
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:20:58
Thank you for watching and giving feedback!  Are you referring to the fonts used in the video, or the font on the device?  To the former, I'll defend myself by saying I'm terrible at picking fonts :)  To the latter, yes, I completely agree.  It's actually a bug in the code which doesn't handle some of the characters correctly.  It, and the entire UI, will be fixed during alpha testing.
@_date: 2013-05-18 03:11:06
@_date: 2013-09-09 12:18:34
Wait ... the wiki says nVersion is a uint32, but CTransaction in Bitcoin-QT has it as an int.  Which is correct?
@_date: 2013-05-05 09:43:43
What ever happened to TheRealPlato, anyway?
@_date: 2013-07-01 07:48:41
Merchants aren't allowed to do that; it's in the CC merchant rules.  Otherwise stores would be offering cash discounts left and right and people wouldn't want to use credit cards.  There are of course some exceptions (governments/schools), loopholes, and taking discounts "under the table", etc, but generally you aren't allowed to do it.
@_date: 2013-05-31 23:46:35
@_date: 2013-10-12 09:04:51
Baby Ray 9060016s15234367e
@_date: 2013-08-02 15:59:13
Problem in the article:


The original order was ~500 units, not 1000.  Also, only ~83 have been vouched for at this discounted price.  The article's author must have misread the spreadsheet.
We don't know for sure how many units friedcat is going to allow us to order at this discounted price.  Could be 500, could be 200, could be a million.  We don't know (last I checked).
@_date: 2013-10-26 01:07:04
When creating an ECDSA signature, a very large random number needs to be selected.  This number is commonly referred to as "k".  Because of the way ECDSA's math works, anyone who knows the "k" that was used to create a signature can figure out the private key involved in that signature as well.  That's bad.  Normally, "k" is very large and random number, so guessing it is improbable.  That's good.
Sometimes, though, the software or hardware used to create an ECDSA is broken.  The random number generator may have failed, and is only returning 0 or something.  So, an attacker can try to crack signatures by trying out values for "k" that a broken RNG might spit out.
The commentor above probably wanted to run a similar attack against the FBI's coins.  However, because the FBI has not yet sent any coins _from_ this address, there are currently no signatures to "crack."
@_date: 2013-09-11 10:35:32


I'm surprised people don't remember that BFL's FPGA based products were also overpromised, and also had massive backlogs during their lifetime.  Whenever someone asked about BFL back then, the answer was always "Yeah, their prices are amazing ... if you can wait six months."
Companies don't change.  Microsoft will always be Microsoft, Apple will always be Apple, and BFL will always deliver in Two Weeks.
@_date: 2013-05-19 22:13:47
I feel really dumb for not being able to get  :/
@_date: 2013-07-14 10:17:40


The SHA-256 algorithm will handle any length input.  The underlying SHA-256 function takes as input 512-bits of data and 256-bits of state, and then outputs the 256-bit hash.  When hashing a message, first padding is applied to bring the message to a multiple of 512-bits, and then the function is called repeatedly.  Each call uses the previous call's 256-bit output as its input state.  The first call has a fixed initial state.


A full Bitcoin hash is sha256 (sha256 (header)).  From my answer above we see that the first call to SHA-256 will require two passes, and then the second one only requires a single pass.  So 3 iterations is the answer.
That said, there is an optimization that reduces it to only two iterations in mining algorithms.
N.B. Saying "6 hashes" is not the correct term here, hence why I say simply "iterations".


Giganonces.  I don't think anybody within the Bitcoin mining community uses H/s to refer to simply SHA-256 invocations; it's not a useful metric in this context and would mislead miners.  Within Bitcoin mining H/s should always mean Bitcoin Hashes Per Second.
@_date: 2013-08-02 15:55:51
The price for arklan's group buy was 2 BTC, unless I'm mis-remembering, not 1 BTC.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:16:06
You're right, and actually that's possible already.  The Titan can be restored from a backup, so users are free to create the private data themselves, encode it into the backup format, and then restore that to their Titan.  It could even be generated brainwallet-style from a passphrase.
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:10:33
BTC's Market Cap is just one of many metrics that one can talk about.  It should not be taken literally.  Just like Apple's market cap doesn't mean the company could suddenly be sold for 400 billion tomorrow.  It's far more complex than that.
The value of a bitcoin is more closely related to the number of bitcoins in circulation, not the theoretical quantity of them in existence.  If a bitcoin is sitting in cold storage and can't be bought/sold, it won't have much to contribute to the market rates.
It's just like now.  You couldn't take all the bitcoins and sell them for 11 billion USD.  The market would crash long before you got through even 1% of them.
@_date: 2013-10-07 07:19:53


Suppose a number theorist could calculate k in the equation you've pointed out, efficiently.  Neat!  But ... then they could, with high probability, also solve the ECDLP!  I'll explain.
First off, realize that n is very close to p.  Excruciatingly close.  If our number theorist is given any random point on secp256k1, he can just assume that r = x1.  The modulus is insignificant.  So let's ignore it.
Therefore, (x1,y1) = k * G; r = x1.  Our number theorist can solve for a valid k, given G and r.
Now, ECDLP is the problem of finding k in Q = k * G, given Q and G.  So let's give a random Q to our number theorist, and secp256k1's G.  Our number theorist just takes the x coordinate of Q, feeds it into his magic formula, and POOF, a k appears.
Will k satisfy Q = k * G?  On secp256k1, any valid x coordinate is associated with two different points (y^2 = x^3 + 7).  We already know that we've got the x coordinate right, because that's what our number theorist's magic formula can solve for.  But the y coordinate may not match.  Given a random Q, it won't match 50% of the time.  Or, in other words, it _will_ match 50% of the time.
And there we have it.  Our number theorist can solve ECDLP 50% of the time.  He could steal half the Bitcoins in the economy!  ECDLP is broken!
But, of course, we know that ECDLP is not broken.  Every interested number theorist on the planet worth their salt has thrown their brains at ECDLP, and we've got nuttin'.  Bupkis.  Nada.  Zip-po.  Zilch.  Is strong like bull.  Our "number theorist" is a con-artist looking to take your money, under the promise of "recovering your lost Bitcoins".
TL;DR:  Breaking the signature algorithm in the way you've described is equivalent to breaking ECDLP.  ECDLP is not broken.  Therefore, the signature algorithm is not broken.
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:23:07
You're right!  Good eye :)  Yes, I haven't gotten around to fixing that part of the UI code yet.  Any letters that would normally dangle below the baseline get shoved up.  The entire UI is going to get a makeover during alpha testing.  Thank you for watching, and for the feedback!
@_date: 2013-07-16 08:27:03
@_date: 2013-09-13 12:47:06
This isn't trying to prove that there are collisions; that's a given.  This is trying to prove that actually finding one of those collisions is possible.  If the hash functions are truly secure, the chances of finding a collision are as good as impossible.  So if someone is able to spend this bounty, it more than likely means there is something terribly, terribly wrong with the hash function.
That said, we already have attacks against SHA-1.  It's estimated that with ~$2.7 million dollars someone can find a collision.  But, of course, the attack has never been proven in practice against full SHA-1.  So actually doing it would be very helpful.
EDIT:  More so than that, though, the real beauty of this is demonstrating that Bitcoin can do more than just simple transactions.  We can build more interesting systems on top of the Bitcoin backbone.
@_date: 2013-09-13 13:39:29


It's a fix.  I asked gmaxwell about the inconsistencies, and it simply boils down to the fact that nVersion is meaningless right now.  Since we aren't currently using it, the best option is for transactions to set it to 0x00000001, so we can expand in the future.  The bug here was Bitcoin-Qt/d failing to correctly check that nVersion was 1 (when determining if the transaction is non-standard).
Source: 
@_date: 2013-12-06 19:47:12


The number of miners does not dictate the number of new coins, nor does it really dictate how well the network can handle transaction volume.  Also, the number of coins in circulation doesn't affect Bitcoin's viability on the world stage.
The truth is, Bitcoin cannot handle more transaction volume right now.  We're starting to hit the limits already.  Yes, the devs are working on it, but it's not solved yet.  They're also working on the new fee structure, which is important.
@_date: 2013-05-17 01:49:38
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:11:16


Right now, it's being used directly (no PRNG).  Layering a PRNG on top is marked as a TODO, but that will probably be post V1.0.  It's not strictly needed (as long as the TRNG is good), but the extra PRNG on top is good to have for the tinfoil-hat-worst-case-end-of-the-world security.


There is an ever growing library of statistical units tests in the unit testing half of my crypto library.


They could compile and run the unit test program, which will spit out the results of all the statistical unit tests.  Or create+backup a bunch of different wallets and look at the resulting private keys.  Or sign a bunch of fake transactions and look at the signature parameters.
@_date: 2013-05-17 11:03:00
I made the falling bitcoins transition myself, using the 3D Bitcoin model attributed in the credits, and Blender.  Thank goodness for Blender!
@_date: 2013-06-05 10:05:19
As an example, my hardware wallet is significantly easier to use than an encrypted Satoshi client, and more secure (against remote attacks).  No password to remember, no password to enter every time you want to generate a receiving address, and sending coins takes one tap on the screen to confirm.  Also, no routine backups needed (deterministic wallet).
@_date: 2013-09-09 13:13:49
If you aren't using Bitcoin-QT, version 0.8.0 and up, you can ignore this.  Otherwise, continue reading...
If your client is synced (doesn't say it's behind X days or whatever), you'll get an error message the next time you start it.  It will ask, "Do you want to rebuild the block database now?"  You should say no.  If you don't need to use your client, you should wait until a new version is released and upgrade to that.  If you do need to use your client, start your client with the command line argument "-checklevel=2" to temporarily work around the issue.
A fix for the problem has already been proposed, and is being verified by the Bitcoin-QT developers.  We will probably see a new version released soon, and everyone can upgrade.
If you're curious about what happened: Bitcoin-QT, version 0.8.0+, has a bug processing certain kinds of abnormal transactions.  One of these abnormal transactions appeared about a day ago, triggering the bug.  Now the clients will fail to start, because when they start they'll go back over their list of recent transactions, see this funky one, and go bonkers.  The proposed patch fixes the problem, and will make these particular abnormal transactions non-standard, so they won't propagate in the future.
@_date: 2013-07-14 13:12:00
Yeah, geez, we're _still_ plagued by the "gigabyte" issue.  It's only gotten worse as drives got bigger.
Luckily H/s hasn't been abused, and I think by now miners are so paranoid about scams and overpromises that any company abusing the term will be in for a world of pain.
@_date: 2013-05-31 21:55:54
OP, for the good of Bitcoin, put the silver unit in the middle.  Mining Oreo!
@_date: 2013-05-18 07:20:41
Well, if I recall correctly, the resource consumption of DSP48E1's was 25%, so one would expect to get at least 1.2GH/s out of it.  Just need to add three more hashers.  Of course, there's plenty of logic left over for a normal hasher.
@_date: 2013-07-15 23:50:10


Nope, it's easy to create a backdoor in a closed source RNG that are undetectable.  Just AES encrypt a counter.


HP puts backdoors into their enterprise-grade storage products, and have done so for a long time, despite it being public knowledge.  If HP does it, why would Intel get heartburn doing the same?
@_date: 2013-06-01 09:24:27
Yes.  It's also (supposed to be) fixed in Batch  shipping after May 31st.
@_date: 2013-07-15 23:45:15


Dual\_EC\_DRBG maybe, but alternatively Intel could use AES to backdoor RdRand.  And, surprise-surprise, they already are.  AES is used as part of the RdRand algorithm to condition the output.  That isn't proof that it's part of a backdoor scheme, but it shows that a backdoor is _possible_.
@_date: 2013-05-17 11:36:23
Thank you for the feedback :) I am happy to see at least a little interest.  I just haven't seen much of any activity on the BitcoinTalk thread for the project, so I could only assume that most people didn't care much for it.


It already works, and is already secure. :)  All of the essential V1.0 features are done; I'm just sanding off the rough edges, testing the heck out of the thing, and designing the PCB.  I'll probably do another demo video once the PCB is working, because it will be great to hold a tiny 2.4" hardware wallet in my hand.
@_date: 2013-05-31 21:56:53
Also, OP, check the Avalon user's thread on the BitcoinTalk forum.  There's a problem with Batch  units that you should know about.
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:13:59
Not quite VC7215, but I ported the KC705 code to the VC707:
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:02:30


Yup, encrypted backup and restore is already built-in.  The backup password (which can be different from your wallet password) is only entered on the wallet, thwarting keyloggers.
@_date: 2013-09-13 12:33:05
Non-Standard does not mean invalid.  A non-standard transaction is a transaction which is perfectly valid, but is "weird" and shouldn't be relayed through the network.  Since a non-standard transaction is still valid, it can be included in a block, and all Bitcoin clients should accept it.  They just probably would not have included it in a block themselves.
It's kind of like, we have two sets of rules.  One is very strict, a sort of "Bitcoin Law."  But we also have social norms, things that are okay under the "Law", but most everyone looks down upon.  The offending transaction basically committed a social faux pas.
@_date: 2013-05-17 11:43:34


The security lies in the fact that the private keys are kept only on the hardware wallet, and never leave the device (except in encrypted backups).  That means that only the Titan can authorize an outgoing transaction.  Whenever a user wants to send their bitcoins, the modified Bitcoin-QT client must ask the Titan (over USB) to sign the transaction.  The Titan confirms the transaction on the screen, so that a malicious program couldn't just send a transaction to the Titan and have it signed automatically; the user would see it, and deny it.
@_date: 2013-07-05 22:19:25
Nice little graphic!
Just one note, the LED doesn't blink when a share is found, at least not in my setup.  It blinks whenever it gets new work, which is far more frequently than it finds shares :P