@_author: fpreg
@_date: 2015-05-19 18:29:42
No, read the post again and you find many reasons. An index that is weighted in volume and/or time makes a great desk product for your academic thesis but in the real world there is no reliable way to forecast where and when volume will occur and it will be harder to replicate. This means less arbitrageurs and less transparency. The industry of calculating indices is growing fast and will get help from coming regulations in Europe, they will of course like you to believe that all their complicated constructions add value, I believe they add complexity only...
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:46:16
At this point in the evolution of bitcoin markets a large part of traded volumes are probably fake and also easily manipulated. Arbitrageurs including the market maker will for sure buy the cheapest and sell the most expensive exchange making bitcoin prices converge. The advantage of this construction is that it is super transparent and easily replicated by both investors and arbitrageurs, unlike the complicated theoretical opaque weighted constructions of many indices which are very hard to replicate in realtime for investors!!
@_date: 2015-05-17 14:57:00
It will move with bitcoin 1:1. XBT Provider and KnC Group (Guarantor) are liable to pay the value of bitcoin/usd translated to sek * 0.005 minus the yearly fee. The issuer will have all ETNs hedged by buying and keeping bitcoins for the same amount they have sold ETNs for. There is a third party independent market maker (member of Nasdaq), and will probably be additional arbitrageurs. XBT Provider will also be issuing and buying back ETNs continuously in the market so the order-book will have a tight spread. Redemption twice a year is only a safety for the holders, but will probably not be used as everyone will buy and sell in the market at Nasdaq.
Technically it is a debt instrument and the return is decided by the formula in the prospectus which means it will have the return of BTC/USD.
Many investors are prohibited (IRA accounts, funds, private banks, hedge funds etc) from buying bitcoins but are allowed to trade everything listed on a regulated exchange. It is also very convenient to trade these if you already have funds on a bank or brokerage account. 