@_author: fractail
@_date: 2018-01-29 00:29:34
I could not have said it better. Bcash is only around because of ASIC miners and the people that want to get rich. The utility of bcash is severely limited. 
I'll take an evolving currency, backed by programmers at the top of their field, with a sincere appreciation for decentralization, over some rich egotistical scammers trying to cheat the system (boosted miners) and make themselves money.
@_date: 2018-01-30 03:33:02
"what are most people into bitcoin for?"
I'll give you this one. Most people with money in crypto don't know what it is, how it works, or why it has value. They just see numbers going up and hype in the news.
"quick, back to your digital gold store of value. cant afford fees to send anywhere. that type of utility?"
Fees are low, segwit, lightening, schnorr, and a dozen other additions are coming to the network. I'm not trying to hassle you, but anytime someone starts complaining about fees, they're usually a Bcash fan. In fact, "fees" is the only talking point I have ever heard from bcash. It may come as a surprise to you, but I was originally going to buy bcash, until I read more about the state of things. I believed their "censorship free" bullshit for about 2 weeks. Now it's all about fees and clinging to the idea that they adhere religiously to Satoshi gospel (as if change and evolution is a bad thing?) These arguments aren't going to last in the next few years, so if you really like bcash, I would start coming up with other attack vectors.
"you're not a programmer I can tell that already."
Never claimed to be. But I have dabbled in it since I was a teenager (back in the C64 days). Unfortunately, crypto/blockchain is such a new technology, that few people understand it. Even fewer can be trusted with the enormous responsibility. Open source is a great way to overcome a lot of the challenges therein. BTW, if you are a programmer yourself, with these same set of skills, they are suddenly in high demand, with very few qualified individuals to take positions. Although the field may be small, and specialized, that only means it's less difficult to be at the top, if there are fewer candidates.
"aka Blockstream and the venture capital funds"
These exist everywhere. Specifically, I was placing the blame on Ver and his cadre of dickheads. That guy has as much warmth and charisma as Hillary Clinton (hehehe!).
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:43:15
Your post; expanded, abridged:
Lots of money means you can buy expensive cars, quickly! Likewise, the monetary unit and mutual transaction must be fast! The "sealed" deal must also be added to the (correct) ledger ASAP. They that use a forked (yet dependent) ledger, do not complain. Such it is, that the name "Bitcoin" must be used in all public appearances. Your coin is subversive to the cause.
Roger, I don't mind Bcash. I almost bought Bcash. I spent months reading, listening, researching, before I bought Bitcoin. 
Bcash isn't bad, but you're trying too hard. And you're fucking everything up. If you keep it up, it won't be Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Legacy, Bitcoin Diamond, Bitcoin Gold, Bitcoin (ad infinitum et naseum) it will be BANKS THAT TAKE US DOWN.
I get it... you want money, but how much money do you need? You're a millionaire (as you have stated over and over again.) What do you think the rest of us want? We're not trying to get rich, we just want money to be free.
FREE THE MARKET.
FREE THE WORLD.
Please help?
@_date: 2018-01-13 22:44:18
Oh hello Roger. I could tell it was you by your ego.
Only you are insecure enough, and narcissistic enough, to create a throwaway account to compliment yourself anonymously.
Buddy, we watch your interviews, and we read what you have to say, and we know a lot about you because you're "brave enough, to speak". What you have to say is typical garbage rhetoric delivered by a salesman. We desperately want you to take your "self made" millions and go hide somewhere in Japan and leave the technical work to the professionals. You don't know shit about how the bitcoin system works and your willful ignorance is hurting everyone.
@_date: 2018-01-16 03:40:03
The first step in becoming a currency is becoming a store of value. After value is established, then exchange becomes more widespread and the language of price or appraisal may evolve with the solid foundation based on utility. Words like "worth" and "profit" do not really apply to bitcoin... yet.
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:31:15
What the fuck does that mean?
At no point in your rambling, incoherent, response, were you even close to anything that can be considered a rational thought. I award you no points, and may god have mercy on your soul.
@_date: 2017-12-27 02:51:47
When you deposit money into a bank, they don't actually hold onto your money. They give you an account number, tied to your name, tied to another number, that represents the value you own. Your actual money (tangible fiat) is usually placed back into circulation. 
So another way of asking your question is, "If I give money to the bank, how do I know I own any money?" Well, you have all these numbers, right? They point the way? And you have to trust the bank to get the numbers right, and then you can prove you have something... but to actually access the tangible fiat (dollars) again, might be much more difficult. There are withdrawl limits, limits on cash transportation, limits on use, etc. You might ask the same question about "what is my credit limit" and is it something I can touch?
Asking if something needs to be tangible to have value is a moot point. You buy the rights to software, but you don't own software. You purchase car insurance, but you don't own the insurance agency. You pay for a service, but you don't own the service. With bitcoin, you store your money on a public ledger, that forever reserves that space for your valued amount.
If Coinbase is doing the transactions offline, I'm assuming what they mean is, you purchase bitcoins they hold in reserve. You don't actually make the purchase from an individual, but from the company. You can, however, purchase from individuals anytime you feel comfortable and willing. 
Oh, and if you really want to get wild... take a look at decentralized exchanges coming soon! Imagine a world-wide swap meet, without any centralized location, capable of changing price at a whim, and connecting buyers and sellers directly, without interference from an exchange (like Coinbase) or the issues that come along with local governments (KYC, etc.)
Going to be fucking nuts in the next 5 years. Buckle up!
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:43:34
Here's one (of many reasons) why BCH is a shitshow. 
BCH completely lacks any kind of support from decent programmers. The people who have helped BTC grow have sacrificed their time and energy to evolve the technology into something that can be utilized world-wide, while maintaining the major tenets of cryptocurrencies.  BCH has no future roadmap, no plausible way of handling upcoming obstacles, and in a recent interview, the BCH salesman (Mr. Ver) refused to answer the question about future changes to BCH and implied that he and his friends might just copy the open source code supplied by the BTC programmers when it's posted to the public.
So, let's say there's a fast food restaurant that serves burgers and fries, and next door is a McDonald's. An investor approaches both businesses and says, "You seem to be very popular. What are your plans to scale with increasing demand?"
McDonald's says, "We have 12 ideas to be implemented cautiously over a period of time. We're improving training, enhancing automated systems, creating a larger menu, reorganizing the lobby, expanding the drive-through, and setting up plans to sell as a franchise."
The fast food joint next door answers, "We'll just keep making the parking lot bigger. Oh, and then we can just copy McDonald's"
Who would you support?
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:55:23
If you forget the subwallet passcode you lose everything. This has happened to people. They have 24 words right, but forget the "one" passcode that unlocks the "true" wallet. I'm not sure how effective a crack would have to be to gain access.
@_date: 2017-12-31 12:14:33
I'd like to piggyback on this comment...
"Bitcoin gold" gave us all some BTG. Some of us know this, and traded immediately for BTC. Are we taxed on this trade? 
What is the limit for this trade? Is $3 the same as $800, the same as $8000? Specifically only using exchanges like Changelly, or Shapeshift? No fiat involved, just straight BTG into BTC?
What happens in the future, if BTC forks again, and you have no idea, and now own alt-coins, but without your knowledge? Ignorance of the law is no excuse?
Finally, when you fill out the paperwork, do you claim a $2000 profit, or a $8000 loss, depending on the day of the week? If nothing is converted to fiat, how do you express these volatile numbers and give them a specific date?
**EDIT**: I just want to say I appreciate the constructive process here. I think it's important that we all pay our taxes, and I do not appreciate the folks that just say to ignore it. It's one thing to forget a $100 profit, but it's entirely different to ignore a $1,000,000 profit. I appreciate the shitty (but legitimate) legal discussions.
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:09:24
It was more about when the US government required everyone to turn in their gold. 
"...In 1933, Executive Order 6102 had made it a criminal offense for U.S. citizens to own or trade gold anywhere in the world..."
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:09:28
What if I used my Bitcoin Gold (BTG) forked coins, and converted them using Changelly into BTC?
I haven't sold any coins, per se, but I have purchased several times this year, totalling ~ $13K. Hodler here, but should I be worried about any future record keeping? Some say less than $20K is alright, others say everything above $600?
I'm pretty close to getting a tax guy to help me out, but I don't even know where to begin. You probably don't want all these questions, but you seem to be more knowledgeable than most. Any advice or direction I should take, research, or find?
According to Coinbase: "Coinbase does however provide a specialized Cost Basis for Taxes report which will help with filing your taxes. This report provides a summary of your digital currency purchases and sales, showing your cost basis and capital gain/loss.
We use a FIFO (first in first out) method for this report.  Transactions sending into or out of your Coinbase wallet are treated as buys or sells at the current market price in this report.  However, you should keep your own records for best results and update the report accordingly.  For example, if you transfer funds offsite to a desktop wallet, and then back again, you would not count this as a sale of digital currency."
This is about to get complicated :(
@_date: 2018-03-08 08:45:24
You don't want the idea of "tainted" Sats, running through the network.
Imagine you buy something from me, but I paid rent, and my landlord gave it to a drug dealer, that has a "poisoned" address. Now think about you having no knowledge of this situation, but one day your bitcoin wallet is frozen. Your Sats have been tagged, and no one can do business with that address.
But instead of individuals, imagine bigger. Now the money becomes divided even more. By politics, religion, nationality, etc. Suddenly everyone in the world can subscribe to whatever bitcoin whitelist they want, and isolate themselves.
Maybe 30 years in the future, that's how it is. A single ledger, manipulated by the worlds largest upvote/downvote machine? 
Grim.