@_author: fraggle212
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:01:00
NFC is great but may also not survive if some firms (cough, Apple) don't support it. Alternatively, the starbucks mobile payment system works very well. Used by soccer moms and tech enthusiasts alike. 
I started this thread on it: 
Customer holding their phone camera up to scan merchant's QR is really awkward. But flip it around and it works fine: Customer holds their phone under merchants scanner. Like a mobile boarding pass.
Sadly bitcoin wallets and protocols seem stuck on this idea that we should all be watching our camera preview windows trying to align on a QR.
@_date: 2014-06-04 14:37:03


Right, but I want to avoid: 1) having to set the amount I'm paying either by scanning something or entering it, 2) having to manually approve. 
I want, open app (bar code is shown), hold app under barcode reader, done.
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:15:42


I think it is awkward to have to open my wallet, click on a camera button, look at my camera preview to be sure I'm lined up correctly on their barcode, scan it, see some confirmation, click ok send.  Try the starbucks app.


Because it will be limited to some set amount, maybe $5, maybe $10, whatever. Or maybe even set to approve transactions from certain merchants within broader limits. If I'm overcharged $1 for coffee, I'll probably figure it out eventually and stop going to that place.


No it doesn't really, but to be broadly adopted wallet software makers would have to jump on board. And then corresponding makers of Merchant POS wallet systems would use it that method if they wanted.
@_date: 2014-06-04 14:44:49


Look I'm not a shill for Starbucks, but their app and payment method works really well and people generally love it. It avoids you having to do the scanning and avoids the merchant from having to display something to scan (on a screen which is potentially higher cost than a scanner). 
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:59:20
Interesting thing about coinbase, is that they don't even store your bitcoins in addresses that are specific to you. They just keep track of it through internal accounting. 
When you send funds to your coinbase address, it will temporarily be held in "your wallet", but then will be swept off to cold storage where addresses are not specific to your account.
When you want to send funds from your coinbase account, coinbase will first have to create a tx to send bitcoins to your online wallet address, then will do a 2nd tx from that wallet. That way it looks like the bitcoins come from you :)
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:35:38
So you are saying there is a wallet app out there that let's a merchant scan a barcode on my wallet app (that is generated without me entering any info at all), and that my wallet app will then receive a "request" and automatically pay it if it is within certain limits?
@_date: 2014-01-27 17:53:00
They are linking Charlie Shrem, CEO of BitInstant, to the whole Silk Road case. Site appears to be down as well (edit: but I think site was down since the summer anyway).  
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:53:22
Yeah, what does "I had someone access the account" mean? Did they try to login on the web or use an API and just guess at your password? Or did they actually have your password, and how the heck did they do that?
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:07:55
Yes, you got it, except that for small amounts under some limit, don't even confirm the amount manually.
@_date: 2014-06-04 14:24:32


Hell yes. I understand how bitcoin transactions work. Trying to make it better (easier) for people to pay with BTC at brick and mortar.
Your wallet gets a "request", your wallet decides to approve or not, your wallet sends BTC transaction if it approves. 
To elaborate, the "request" would be completely outside of bitcoin (not a bitcoin transaction but could be an 'extension' in theory) and would go only to your wallet or cloud wallet. It would include info about the barcode they just scanned and how much they are requesting and what items you are paying for. The "request" would contain their bitcoin address for sending the payment to. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 14:54:09
You are correct that a 'payment protocol' is required, primarily for sending the requests to a wallet because otherwise the wallet would have no way to receive a payment request. So nodes/wallets in the bitcoin system would have to relay them just like bitcoin transactions (but very different, since they are requests not transactions).
Yes 3rd parties can find a solution on their own, but I was exploring the idea of extending bitcoin for this so that we could avoid every merchant having their own app and payment system.
Why it is good:  It's really just a different user experience. The mobile boarding pass is another example of this. While having nothing to do with payment processing, the mobile boarding pass is used exactly as I describe from a UX point of view. 
One issue I have with bitcoin payments  **as currently used** is that for example at a drive through, it becomes sort of awkward. Where does the merchant display their QR for you to scan? Not where you order right, because non-bitcoin people might get confused if they see a big QR code sitting there, or an additional screen might be needed so that it is close enough to the car. Maybe at the pickup window (where you normally pay), but how does the merchant know you want to pay with bitcoin? Well, I guess, you roll down your window and start aiming your camera at them or to the sky right?  Sort of weird, and awkward. I guess you can flash your mobile phone screen at them first and they might figure out you are trying to pay with bitcoin, and then they'll extend their screen for you to scan. Or using the front facing camera on the phone might make some sense. 
So, my alternative, having the merchant scan you instead, works because their POS system can interpret the barcode shown, decide if you are trying to do a btc transaction or some other kind of payment method and so on.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:39:23
Some reddit discussion on this here: 