@_author: frankmizen
@_date: 2014-10-19 10:44:45
Thank you for the reply
Should I try to repost again without using TinyURL?
@_date: 2014-10-19 13:53:36
Lol thank you very much, I've done a Find / Replace as you suggested.
The new link is 
@_date: 2014-10-19 09:32:52
But that would only work if the Trezor service came back online right?
If the Trezor service was permanently offline, then you would be left with a battery-dead device, a series of words written down, a  site which hits a 404 Error message and no way of gaining access to your BitCoins.
Am I correct? (this is looking at it from a worst-case scenario aspect)
@_date: 2014-10-19 08:06:35
"Your bitcoins aren't at risk"
I'm a complete Bitcoin newbie with zero sofware knowledge
Could you please explain what would happen if for example, the trezor.com site went completely offline AND your Trezor device battery failed?
How could you recover your BitCoins?
@_date: 2014-10-19 15:46:50
LOL OP here, just to set people's minds at ease, and so that I can continue receiving advice from other redditers without worrying they are helping a criminal mastermind. I can assure you there is nothing "shady" going on (although I am very glad I posted under a pseudonym rather than my real name as I might even have been branded a terrorist!)
I am a Pakistani national living in the UK for the last 15 years and am now going home to invest my money in my family's first love which is farming. For the money I have earned in the UK from the sale of my businesses and my house, I have bought a lot of land in Pakistan and can live extremely comfortably with my extended family many of whom only had a small land-holding to live off. However, my life will not be worth anything if it was found out how much money I am holding. I cannot transfer a large amount of money to Pakistan due to strict foreign currency controls and  in local currency the repeated devaluations would wipe out my holdings. And secondly there are virtually no laws or bank secrecy in Pakistan, especially not in small villages where I come from. If it is found I am in possession of a large bank balance anywhere in the world, I would become an immediate target. Kidnapping and murder is big business here. For instance, this man had killed his own wife killed for insurance money by persuading her to go to Pakistan with him and paying 100,000 rupees to the killers ( Life is very cheap there and they are about 20-30 years behind the UK in policing.
This is why anonymity in buying bitcoins is important (but as I said, not crucial, my friend is happy to pass all due diligence and KYC documents required).
And I have virtually no faith in keeping my cash in the British banking system in either stock, cash, shares or property, as I nearly lost my home and business in the 2007 financial crisis (not the 2008 financial crisis as most people refer to it. Here in Britain it started in 2007). Have a look at these pictures ( I was one of the people caught up in the Northern Rock collapse and I nearly lost my house and a business that I spend 10 years building in less than a fortnight but luckily the Bank of England stepped in and I was able to pay off my mortgage and bank loans quickly before Virgin took over. If you've been burnt once, wouldn't you be worried about your future?
And please don't worry about my friend and transferring money to him, he is the person I will be selling my takeaway business to and is more like a brother to me. Burying gold is a nice idea except my mother lives in a back-to-back terraced house so we'd have to dig up the pavement!
I like the idea of leaving my funds in bitcoin and going back to my village to work, having peace of mind that I don't have to keep checking in with the stock markets or gold prices or worrying about someone tracing my funds directly back to me. At the very least my bitcoin holdings should retain their value. But I am an optimist and hope they can climb back to $1,000 and even higher maybe? If it collapses, I won't have lost everything, me and my family will still have our zameen which I have bought. Hey, what is life without risk? If I had never bothered to go to the UK to study I wouldn't be in this fortunate position now. Fortune favours the bold!
@_date: 2014-10-19 11:23:08
Ok thanks for the replies. I guess you might say then that the Trezor service *IS* acceptable as a backup device for your bitcoins and that we should wait for further developments (eg Electrum) that will improve the service
@_date: 2017-10-02 22:29:46
is there any reason to go for Xapo rather than say Cryptopay or Wirex or other providers?