@_author: frans-willem
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:51:29
I'm not quite sure. It could just be a different consideration, people that put less value on the trustless/decentralized nature of Bitcoin, but I'm not quite sure why they're so damned fanatic about it that they'd completely ditch Bitcoin as-is and go to Bitcoin Cash :/
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:25:31
I think LukeJr is aware of the problem (expensive TXs), but doesn't see big blocks as a solution because it intrudes on other properties of Bitcoin, namely the decentralization.
Bitcoin is supposed to be trustless, and if there is no single party with more than 50% hashpower, there is no need to trust any one miner, as the network will ensure that "cheating" miners will be orphaned. However, if one party were to gain more than 50% hashpower, that party could technically do things like double-spending bitcoins. The chance that a miner would do so are slim, but it'd still require everyone to actually trust that miner not to abuse it's power, thus breaking Bitcoin's trustless property.
How is this affected by bigger blocks ? It makes it more difficult for small parties to run a mining rig. First of all, you'll need more disk space, and more bandwidth to keep up. Secondly the bigger miners, that can afford a bigger uplink, will get new blocks and new transactions faster, and as such get a head-start on the actual mining.
So in short, Bitcoin block size is a careful balancing act between more throughput (bigger blocks) or more decentralization (smaller blocks). As is, with 1MB blocks, the hashpower is already fairly centralized, with 50% of the hashpower in hands of just 4 pools ( so I do think LukeJr has a point when he'd like to shrink the blocksize.
On the other hand, throughput is actually becoming a problem, as you've encountered. It needs to be addressed, and it is being addressed: there are a lot of people working on setting up second layer networks. The beauty with this setup is that in the future you'll be able to make your own choices: either go on a second-layer network that might require some trust in a third-party, but comes at a lower price, or go trustless on the actual blockchain with likely a higher price.
