@_author: frank93
@_date: 2013-10-27 16:27:34
So, correct me if I'm wrong: paper-, brain-, offline-wallets (cold storage) are BASICALLY all the same - the thing is to generate a key-pair offline and to use the public key (the "address") to send the money to, and to store the private key (seed, passphrase, etc.) somewhere safe.
Followup question: are all those private keys conceptually the same? I mean: importing a private keyfile into a bitcoin-client to get access to the funds should be the same as "importing" the 12-word-passphrase into Electrum, for example, right? And are these concepts interchangeable/compatible? For example: storing money into an Electrum-wallet, using the 12 words seed with the script from bitaddress.org to generate a key-pair, using the private key from there in another client to .. unlock the funds "from" Electrum? Would that work?
So, in short: are all possible private keys linked 1:1 to their public key counterparts? I think they should be, otherwise I couldn't import a private key from a paperwallet into Electrum. Please confirm. :-)  Still new to this as well - just want to make sure I didn't get the basics wrong.
(Asked this question in another (older) thread already, though maybe it was too old to get noticed there, trying again here.)
Thanks in advance!
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:58:15
Thank you. A few of those are new to me or can't be access from non-US-areas (Coinbase works only with US bank accounts), but I'll see how I can spread the moneylove soon. You're right, it will be a combination of a few of those services.
@_date: 2013-10-27 17:31:39
Thanks. Got it .. I hope. Restoring into an Electrum wallet from a private key (paper wallet) should work anyway, though the money is stored in a seperate "account" in Electrum then (and won't be restored using the 12-word-keyphrase automatically in the future). But that shouldn't be a problem as long as I know what I'm doing. :)
One last question, back on topic: if a private key maps to a singe public key (on paper), how can a client offer multiple receiving addresses (public keys) then? Do they all have different private keys? So when I "export my wallet" (i.e. the private keys), will it export one private key for every address I used for receiving Bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-10-27 18:35:58
Is there any other (Windows-)client to watch a paperwallet-address? Could be somewhat barebones, just a bit fancier than having a bookmark to blockchain.info in my browser .. I'd love something like Electrum's "lite mode" maybe (including a rough currency-conversion etc) - just to get the warm feeling that everything's safe and good and there where it has to be.
@_date: 2013-10-27 18:19:04
Thanks a lot. I think I got it now.
(Just need to figure out now how to add a watch-only-address (from a paper wallet) into Electrum, then I'm good to go ..) :)
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:53:38
Thanks for the advice. But it's not so much about investment for me, actually. I rather don't believe that much in "classic" bank deposits anymore - Bitcoins do feel progressive/advanced, though already stable and "serious" enough as well for me to believe that my savings are safe this way. I wanna have control over my funds, and I try to do that in a somewhat "futuristic"/modern/advanced way.  Bitcoin is the currency that right now I've got the most trust in - or rather in the concept of Bitcoin, instead of the concept of large banks.
I'm not gonna put every last cent I own in bitcoins, but the larger amount of my savings, yes.
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:55:44
**Thank you so much for all your input!**
The past few days I've read a lot about "cold wallets", which (were new to me, but) are the preferred way to go, I think. Correct me if I'm wrong: paper-, brain-, offline-wallets are BASICALLY all the same - the thing is to generate a key-pair offline and to use  the public key (the "address") to send the money to, and to store the private key (seed, passphrase, etc.) somewhere safe and never (!) online. Right?
(But just so I understood it completely &amp; correctly: all those private keys are conceptually the same, right? I mean: importing a private keyfile into a bitcoin-client to get access to the funds should be the same as "importing" the 12-word-passphrase into Electrum, right? Are these concepts interchangeable/compatible? I mean, for example: storing money into an Electrum-wallet, using the 12 words seed with the script from bitaddress.org to generate a key-pair, using the private key from there in another client to .. unlock the funds "from" Electrum? Does that work? Are all possible private keys linked 1:1 to their public key counterparts? I think they should be, otherwise I couldn't import a private key from a paperwallet into Electrum. Please confirm.) :-)
Ah, well, I'm still new to this. Just want to make sure I didn't get the basics wrong.
So, currently I'm thinking about a few wallets: 1-2 paper, 1-2 "brain", 1-2 electrum passphrase .. and all of the secret keys hidden/stored safely into a private locker at my bank. (The whole "securing the key offline" is another level of security than the key itself, of course.) I'm also a bit hesistant to go the extra mile of keeping a real safe offline system (Linux Live, ..), but this actually wouldn't matter that much, because once I "opened" one of those wallets to get access to the bitcoins, I'd need it for spending anyway. And the funds would be distributed/spread over a few (offline-)wallets.
tl;dr: planned workflow as follows - generate a few cold wallets, store the money there, equally distributed, pack away the private keys somewhere safe. when I need to reactivate one of those wallets, I import the corresponding private key into Electrum (or some other client).
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:49:07
Owed a friend a few bucks ($120), which basically is the amount I bought some bitcoins for, back in 2009. I've sent him that amount (around 194993 BTC) and he won't shut up about it now. Weird guy.