@_author: frankiyh
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:35:16
Interesting news.
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:33:30
A miner with as little as 1% of the mining power can create a block based on the median excessive blocksize and force the network into this fork/orphan situation with ease.
Lets put that into perspetive 1% of the network is 2000 antminer s9's or $2.6 million in hardware and 3 MegaWatts of electricity to purposely split the chain 1.5 times a day and cut his profits in half as his block will only confirm 50% of the time.
He could only benifit by making large number/value transactions that he would hope would be orphaned, but this would be easy to spot (a smart wallet would see the split and warn accordingly).
TLDR; unconvincing if you assume profit seeking miners.
edit moved to root
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:32:15
My guess is nothing happens with the price. Maybe one day of a dip. But I don't think price is currently being propped up by the hope of the ETF. Most people got bored waiting for it two years ago.
So the lack of the ETF is just going to be another of the many shitty things that have happened bitcoin. Honey badger don't care. I mean fucking circle completely bailed on bitcoin. That should've been massively destructive but we're at a thousand bucks.
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:31:49
You could have written in comments when there was a commenting period, but that has ended, not much you can do now. In reality, regular people have no say in getting the ETF approved. Even if we had an overwhelming majority and no negative comments (there were a few), the SEC won't approve anything that they think has above average risk, or the ability to make them look bad. Barry Silbert's application to be listed on the NYSE just opened up a commenting period so if you wanted to, you could submit a comment here. Just take in mind there is most likely far less weight on comments or what the general public thinks and more weight on suggestions from other regulators, banks, ect.
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:34:33
A lot of people seem to think 1Mb blocks means that you only need to be able to download 1Mb per 10minutes for your node to keep up.
A node is connected to dozens if not hundreds of peers which are constantly sharing/seeding transactions and blocks.
In many parts of the developed world where there are datacaps; running a fullnode can already eat a significant part of your monthly bandwidth allowance.
How many node operators are going to buy extra bandwidth to run their node? Some will, but many will not, unless it is somehow incentivized economically.
As the cost of running a node increases, and the benefit stays the same; less people will run nodes.
If only there was a solution that allowed nodes to be financially incentivized for their valuable contributions to the network.
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:33:09
When all of the technical indicators don't agree, I suppose the best thing you can do is just smoke hopium.
I don't dislike your mentality, I just see it as frustratingly hopeless. While engineers have spent literal years working on projects to scale the network forward, a bunch of kids who have done 1/1000th of the work (that's actually conservative) comes in, makes a sloppy patch that doesn't fix anything, opens up new attack vectors, and yes sure everything will be fine.
Or....It won't be fine. What would most likely happen is a chain split and we would see a majority of the value diminish. And if you don't think the market will abandon it while it's sinking you have not been around long enough to see this happen to other first movers in a market.
I have. How's that MySpace stock doing?
Don't expect the people most qualified to bail you out to stick around to bail you out when you shit on them as they pour their souls into the system. They've already said they are uninterested in a centralized bitcoin.
You won't be getting a life boat and you will be left with people not even remotely qualified at engineering solutions.
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:32:43
Not exactly a complimentary mention. Bitcoin in the context of the ad was just one of many overly complicated investment products pushed on people. No press is bad press, I guess, but for the small percentage of viewers who even noticed it, how many are going to want to learn more about Bitcoin at the end, just because of the mention?
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:34:21
Let's quote bitcoincore.org:
    According to some calculations performed by Anthony Towns, a block filled with standard single-signature P2PKH transactions would be about 1.6 MB and a block filled with 2-of-2 multisignature transactions would be about 2.0 MB.
My guess is that the number 2.1 from the SegWit Misinformation FAQ stems from a quotation error. They never explained how they got the number, though. I guess the source said something that the factor 1.6 is outdated and with p2sh multisig addresses the factor is up to 2.1 and the number of p2sh multisigs increased recently (to 28 % as the graphic shows and then back to 20%). But, of course, the multisig fraction never reached 100%, which would be required to get 2.1.
As long as nobody finds a flaw in my spreadsheet, I conclude that the current factor is around 1.85 (+/- 0.05), provided everyone updates to BIP-142 addresses or whatever standard will be accepted for segwit addresses.
@_date: 2017-02-06 10:33:54
ood benchmark, mining power is. Now they are claiming its just a 51pct attack. But after they get the mining power, then starts to node race and getting people to upgrade. And if they get enough core nodes to turn off and switch to BU then its time to fork.
After that major BU bug that caused the Bitcoin.com pool to mine an invalid block and lose 13BTC
Miners would be willing to burn thousands of BTC for the comfort knowing that bitcoin can scale and they will be able to collect more fees as the mining rewards keep dwindling.
1 block reward is nothing compared to how much potential revenue they have been loosing with the fixed block size. 