@_author: frankdashwood
@_date: 2017-02-13 06:29:31
Sorry I didn't have an account on here so it took me a moment or two after seeing this to get to you. If you can find the public addy, copy it, and go to like blockchain.info. Paste it into the field and go. This might help get you started while I check on something else...
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:40:36
Especially if their "solution" includes soldiers, tanks, planes, and bombs....and genocide...don't forget genocide. 
@_date: 2017-02-13 10:57:50
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:43:23
Return is subjective, and based entirely on your purchase price. If you were silly enough to buy that sky-needle, yes...you are now in the "profit" range again. However, if you're buy price was "nothing" back when you could mine with a CPU, you have been in profit the entire time, and are only now seeing "new" all time highs. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:27:17
But that defeats the whole purpose of going to SegWit. The point of going to SegWit is so companies, (and potentially governments) can stuff a bunch of bullshit on top of mining without actually compensating miners for their work....and taking fees from them. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:35:11
Shut up with your alarmist bullshit! Homeboy here thinks we can dial everything back to 2011 hash-rates, and still keep everything running as good as it is now on desktops with GPUs (obviously he wasn't around for the 1st such arms race)! I say we entertain this venture so we can blame him for destroying a $100 Billion industry when it fails....
@_date: 2017-03-04 04:44:01
You don't have to trust anything. Put up some money, buy some hardware and start mining. If you don't like what is going on, PARICIPATE! Whining about it won't do anything, and as you can see BIPs are only worth a shit if the miners implement them. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:30:41
You smoke crack while you are typing right? GPU mining is not enough to protect the viability of the network. Don't like what they are mining? Make an altcoin, share it with the world, and see if they agree with you.... I'll be over here making popcorn....
@_date: 2017-04-05 08:19:45
You havn't the slightest clue what you are talking about, or intentionally LYING about the full effects of SW/LN on the Bitcoin mining topology/function. Want a clue? READ THE WPs of Ripple, and Lightning Network (I did a live reading of LNs WP on my radio show....so yes, I have read it....and Bitlicense, and Ca$hitLicense). If you can't see how SW/LN will make Bitcoin into Ripple, you aren't paying attention. 
@_date: 2017-04-05 08:32:52
Personally I would much rather watch an altcoin get co-opted by banks and governments in real time, but if watching the solution to monetary monopolies on this planet be murdered is that important to you.... Why not? 
@_date: 2017-04-10 00:05:08
If you've invested Millions upon Millions and you didn't spend it on mining, or buying Bitcoin, you probably wasted your money on vaporware....sorry you got scammed bro. 
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:15:31
UASF is about users changing the conscensus rules. The reason miners exist (among other things) is to maintain the consensus of the chain. This is so we know what we are mining, and how we are mining it from one block to the next. Putting the responsibility of determining the consensus rules in the hands of users who have NO FINANCIAL STAKE IN THE OUTCOME, is not only completely fucking stupid, but incredibly short-sighted... There is no guarantee some asshole with enough money, or a big enough botnet can't come along and monkey with the rules based on a whim, or short-term strategy to defraud others. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 00:51:56
So then your concern really isn't supporting the version of Bitcoin you like, and think will be best for the future of Bitcoin... it's really "not making money". Tell you what. Want to make money? Start an exchange account, buy some Bitcoin, or other cryptocurrency and start "making money". 
@_date: 2017-04-09 17:35:21
What about.... You're trying to hijack the work of miners who have dedicated hardware, electricity, and bandwidth (not to mention blood, sweat and tears...and if you don't think there is blood in hardware configuration...you've probably never built so much as a desktop) and try to misappropriate their efforts? If they want to turn Bitcoin into Ripple by running SegWit/LN,  IT IS THEIR HARDWARE! "I am going to force you to use Gentoo as your OS, because I like Gentoo (I don't know why, but my friends say it's really cool) and fuck whatever OS you want to run on YOUR HARDWARE"....that is "literally" what you are saying with this whole "UASF" bullshit. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 02:19:14
Ah... Yeah, I consider that to be a very valid concern. It's one that I literally dream about, and one I feel we are already facing on multiple fronts right now. 
For the moment, I'll just address the example you've set for us. 
If the Treasury evacuated the Pentagon, and filled it with miners, what would happen to the difficulty? 
If the Treasury (or other government, or corporate...(as if there is really a difference) entity) were ever to irreparably dominate Bitcoin, would you stay in it? 
@_date: 2017-04-05 08:03:58
Of course they do... It's MAKE YOU USE SW/LN. One of BUs first notable bugs (that was knocking nodes off of the network) was met with a "solution" written in PROPRIETARY CODE....And then the binaries were later "accidentally" released. Coincidence? I think not. 
@_date: 2017-04-05 07:59:25
No I wouldn't. SegWit/LN turns Bitcoin into RIPPLE. Read the fucking wp about LN, and the wp about Ripple. IT'S THE SAME THING! They both work by means of "nodes" bouncing their own transactions between one another on their own payment channels, and then consolidating potentially billions of txs, and sending the final tx to the "main-chain" after a predetermined number of blocks. Both boast "Cross-chain transactions", both put the node operator in the position of "CUSTODIAN", and "MONEY TRANSMITTER". If you have read ANY of the regulatory legislation concerning cryptocurrencies, they ALL have the responsibilities/duties/legal obligations of MONEY TRANSMITTERS, and CUSTODIANS written into them! They also have LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, for these positions, and they cleanly define the difference between MINERS, CUSTODIANS, and MONEY TRANSMITTERS. Don't believe me? READ BITLICENSE! This battle-plan to fuck Bitcoin PERMANENTLY has been live since 2013, and is only now beginning to take shape. If SW/LN goes into effect, after 12 to 24 months, you will not be able to operate a LN node WITHOUT a license, the NON-REFUNDABLE $5000 APPLICATION fee will push the vast majority of nubes out of the payment channel game, only "TRUSTED" (ie LICENSED) node operators will be included in payment channels, and everyone else will be subject to arrest and prosecution within their own countries (assuming they have Bitlicense-style legislation in effect). 
Say thank you Ben Lawski...dude was smarter than some of us thought. 
@_date: 2017-04-05 08:27:55
Ok... Let me break it down. Gov no control Bitcoin. Gov want control Bitcoin. Gov and Bank same thing. Bank want control Bitcoin. Gov write law that give control over mining, after software break mining. Bank hire turd to write code that break mining. Turd tell friend code good. Friend tell friends code good. Friends use code, break mining. Bank take over broken mining operation because can't make mining illegal, but can take over broken mining operation because law gov wrote has legal definitions for operating a broken node. Broken nodes make tx fees by only broadcasting results of millions if not billions of txs that happen on broken nodes as ONE TX to Bitcoin miners........That's how.   
@_date: 2017-04-09 17:53:07
I'd like to take a moment, and just point out that if the people on this thread really really really really want to run SW/LN on THEIR machines, you can do that, and NOT INVOLVE THE MINERS (or Bitcoin for that matter) at all! 
If so many people are SO PASSIONATE about this stuff that you are willing to dedicate TIME, EFFORT, ELECTRICITY, and BANDWIDTH to setting up and running a full node in the efforts of executing this UASF, why not get your heads together, hash your own genesis block, and MINE YOUR OWN FRICKEN COIN???????? 
I swear. If you took the character volume that all of you have dedicated to DENOUNCING various groups in this space, and arranged it into lines of code, YOU COULD HAVE WRITTEN YOUR OWN HASHING ALGORITHMS, MINERS, WALLETS, AND EXCHANGES BY NOW! ...But no....it's no fun when it's not about coat-tailing Bitcoin, and trying to make the miners do all the work, while you try to enrich yourselves on fees derived from it. 
I'd also like to point out a few other little facts concerning this "non-issue" that you're so involved in. 
1. You don't just have to get the protocol changed once...you have to "MAINTAIN" your attack longer than the legitimate Bitcoin miners can keep mining.
2. If you Do take over the network, not only will you have to maintain control over the protocol via mining, you will increasingly be doing it ON YOUR OWN as legitimate Bitcoin miners drop off of the network and go play somewhere they can't be cheated out of their work by you. 
3. Your Raspberry Pi's, and desktops will not be enough to sustain the types of attacks the Bitcoin network currently sustains on a daily basis
4. Once the protocol changes are put in the hands of the users, you will not know what Bitcoin is from one day to the next, and before you know it, you'll be mining something that is not Bitcoin in any way shape or form
 
@_date: 2017-04-05 08:10:01
I disagree. The miners are not going to "make more money". SW breaks mining into 2 orders of nodes. One set of nodes is the "miners", the other set of nodes are "LN node operators". The LN node operators bounce their own txs between one another on a dedicated payment channel, and then after a predetermined number of blocks (breaks immutibility) broadcasts a final tx that clears the transition of funds between all of the parties included among the payment channel's participants....with only ONE tx fee going to the miners, and MILLIONS, possibly BILLIONS of tx fees going to the LN node operators (steals fees for miners POW). 
@_date: 2017-04-09 23:19:09
That's true. However it speaks to me of a lack of confidence in the proposed changes that anyone bothers to wait around to find out "what Core thinks". Take a look at Vitalik and Ethereum....Proof positive that if enough people like your coin/product/service, you too can be running a coin with a multimillion dollar market cap!
@_date: 2017-04-09 23:39:46
Again... That is exactly how this whole thing is supposed to work. I don't want any of the changes that are being proposed. I think they are all shit, and as such won't adopt them. The 95% consensus requirement makes it so the changes being made represent the will of the vast majority of the constituency that matters most..ie the miners. They do the work. They document all of the txs that happen on chain, therefore they get to decide what BIPs they want to support. 
And honestly this is how the game is supposed to work. If you do not like it, you are supposed to start a game that has the rules you like, and invite others to play. If enough people like your game, Bitcoin will either adopt your rules, or lose to you.... People forget that is exactly what Satoshi did. He realized the money systems as they exist have been gamed against us, so he invented a game that had rules he liked, and invited others to play. It's now a game with a $20 Billion market cap, but it's just a game, and there is nothing to stop you from making one yourself.
@_date: 2017-04-09 23:55:07
Also.. There is nothing stopping you from mining. Start small and work up, but if you don't feel your voice is being represented by the current miners, you are not supposed to just agree with them, you are supposed to COMPETE with them. That means taking broader chances with your hashing power, but if you're right.....If you're right you win! If enough people do really agree with you, they will migrate to you. But....don't expect that you can just shout at the beast and have your way. In order to be heard in this game, you must be willing to take on the real costs, and the real risk of being wrong. 
@_date: 2017-04-11 17:56:36
As to your question about my thinking "users shouldn't be allowed to pool together"? Quite the contrary. Read more of my posts. I am EXACTLY FOR the users who don't like how Bitcoin is currently operating to get behind their convictions, and dedicate some hashing power to their will. Either by making a coin of their own that fits the rules they like, or by running the variant of Bitcoin on THEIR OWN HARDWARE!!! That is how this game is meant to be played. And whether they know it or not, the UASF-fan bois are arguing to have that freedom taken away from themselves. 
You should always know what you are getting into in crypto, if you don't you are being scammed, or need to do more homework....but no bunch of bots, or leader on high should be able to come along and change the consensus rules on you....  
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:08:29
SW subsects mining into two groups of miners. Miners, and LN nodes (or some other such node series intended to hash the "segregated" TX ID data structure). LN nodes operate in an identical manner to Ripple Nodes. So, effectually going to SegWit, and using LN (as described in it's White Paper) to process the SegWit tx IDs functionally turns Bitcoin into Ripple. 
It also makes LN node operators into "custodians", and "money transmitters"...which if you have read any of the regulatory legislation concerning cryptocurrencies, you already know these are "licensed" positions already equipped with their own slew of legal definitions, and legal/financial requirements. The likes of which will inhibit public participation in mining, and eventually we will be back to trust, as the Bitcoin blockchain will no longer be recognizable as a "immutible" record of the state of funds/txs.
 If I'm right these legal definitions will also be used as a framework for "legal" cryptocurrencies, thus making escape via altcoins much more difficult, as simply using them could be considered an act of "tax evasion".
@_date: 2017-04-10 00:41:36
You already had your say.... When you bought Bitcoin. You don't get to change the rules after the fact. What you seem to be saying is that If I buy an Intel Core i5, that I should have some sort of influence with regard to the architecture of future Intel produced chips. It doesn't work that way. None of this works that way. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 02:50:42
I think the freedom fight has already been won. But in war, taking ground is only useful if you can hold it. The open source nature of Bitcoin is probably it's most powerful attribute. It doesn't just make for really fast developmental cycles (like seriously...any single private company would have caved under the pressure Bitcoin deals with on the daily). It also preserves the possibility for escape, in the event we should need to divest from Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-04-07 23:06:41
Does SW or does it not, separate the tx ids from the blocks? Pretty sure that is where the "extra room" it's supposed to provide comes from......
@_date: 2017-04-09 21:07:50
No.. It's we have a mechanism for changing the protocol. It's called mining. If you want your voice heard. Mine. If enough people agree with you, you will change the protocol. It is supposed to be difficult because we are supposed to be able to rely on whatever changes happen, happening slowly enough for us to make the needed preparations (if any) before the change takes place. In my opinion diverting that responsibility to the whims of the public who can just as easily flick on, make a change, flick off, with minimal cost to themselves, is dangerous as well as short-sighted. Such a decision process can be much more easily hijacked from the hands of the average person by people who are simply rich enough to make those decisions for you. 
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:19:14
It turns Bitcoin into Ripple. That's why it sucks, and we should shelve it like the turd it is. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 01:17:11
If the "community" wanted the network to change, it would change. Certain people want certain changes. They are a finite minority who has a few big megaphones. Otherwise things would change. There have already been several REAL challenges to the Bitcoin network that required changes to the protocol, and they did not face this level of scrutiny (two years now we've been hearing about this SCALING emergency...if you read the white papers, you figure out really quick they are talking about turning Bitcoin into Ripple....hence the lack of adoption by the miners). BTW is Bitmain also stopping SW from turning Litecoin into Ripple? Because that hasn't happened yet either, and it's been possible for months now.
@_date: 2017-04-10 01:27:23
....And you have gone ad hom.... 
@_date: 2017-05-24 16:24:50
I never said I speak for everyone. Just weighing out what the information tells me... Pretty sure all of the material was written to impress a bunch of bankers. Things like the tx volume. WHO "needs" 40k txs/sec? Do you? Can you imagine a reason you would need that many txs/sec if you aren't a BANK, Credit Card company (it's even VISA's max tx load EVER! HAHAHAHA!) or high-velocity stock trader? I can't. Other than these activities, there isn't enough business volume on planet Earth to make it a "necessity"...Besides Ripple already does everything SegWit will enable Bitcoin to do, so there is really ZERO reason to bother with it.... 
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:35:20
 "void of logic and reason" you mean kind of like this ad hominem attack?
@_date: 2017-05-22 18:51:21
Most projects in crypto have been taken over or corrupted by bankers. This is just more proof of it. 
@_date: 2017-05-21 23:11:00
The mistake you are making is assuming that the Cryptocurrency community means anything to these people.... 
@_date: 2017-05-26 05:59:58
Hey guy. Have you ever heard of a "money-transmitter"? How about a "custodian"? If you bother to read the descriptions of how SW/LN changes the network, you will find out really quick that if you do actually try to run an LN node, you will suddenly fall under the legal definition of a "Money Transmitter" and a "Custodian", and will need to get a Federally-issued (and possibly state-issued) license to conduct that activity. If you do it in New York, you'll be subject to the full force of BITLICENSE!!! Got $25,000 you can afford to piss away on a "APPLICATION" fee (no guarantee you will actually get a license)???? 
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:18:42
And with regard to  in particular.....Can you tell me why you need 40k txs/sec? That metric is the VISA network's max tx volume...it's also bandied about as a major advantage in the SW literature, the LN literature, and also Ripple's literature.... and we all know how much bankers LOVE $XRP ($4 Billion in funding at last check...that is a lot of love). If the truth were known, Bitcoin wouldn't even have the tx through-put issues it has been having if (some of) the miners stopped mining empty blocks just for the reward. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:22:04
So the end goal is to go to the moon by putting the middle men out of business by creating a specific position for middle men to sit in? Your new network topology adds a "MAN IN THE MIDDLE" (with significant control over your txs....read the LN info if you doubt me on this) BY DEFAULT.... 
And apparently the person who stuffed that bullshit between your ears neglected to tell you that not only are there already 2000 altcoins out there (thus killing the possibility of a monetary monopoly simply shifting over to Bitcoin from the central bankers) but also that Bitcoin is open source. Meaning that if at any time afterward we don't like what you are doing on the Bitcoin network, we can just take our ball, and go play with people who aren't so out to abuse us. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:25:29
When are you going to understand that this is happening because we don't want SegWit? That only bankers want SegWit? There are already plenty of coins that do exactly what SegWit is supposed to bring to Bitcoin, and SegWit has been activated on Litecoin....ie Bitcoin doesn't need it. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:06:21
Me too (hodler, and want to solve shit, not break it...which is why I don't like SegWit). But I also feel that implementing patches that make you a tool for the problem is not "upgrading" ;-) 23?