@_author: francisguarderas
@_date: 2016-04-20 23:42:57
Hi, my name is Francisco Guarderas from Quito, Ecuador, founder of bitcoinec.com.  You can contact me directly at f
I absolutely agree that Bitcoin desperately needs a way to verify who is behind these type of campaigns... I am currently taking every possible step to reassure those interested in donating.
I have been involved in Bitcoin for the past 3 years and have been working on some small projects in Latin America. 
The Earthquake that stroke Ecuador last Saturday devastated the country, the situation is critical. I set up the site bitcoinec.com and social media pages as fast as possible to start accepting donations. For the time being donations go to a secure multisig wallet, I will make everything public through the site.
In order to reassure those interested in donating I have sent a public and open invitation to the high profile trustworthy members of the bitcoin community (including Andreas, Roger Ver, Eric Voorheed, etc.) to act as co-owners of the multisig wallet, that way I would have no power to spend any of the funds without their explicit consent. 
If you have any suggestion, anything I could do to reassure you that 100% of the funds will go to the victims of the earthquake please let me know. I understand your concerns and am fully aware of our default positions tends to be skeptisism. 
Let me know if you have any questions :)
Francisco Guarderas
Quito, Ecuador
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:19:06
Justo clarify... as someone who lives in Ecuador and has experienced this first hand.
Ecuador had bank run, hyperinflation crisis and a currency collapsed in 1999-2000, after which it adopted the U.S. Dollar as the de-facto currency. This brought the country an unprecedented level of stability because, for the first time in history, we used a "strong" currency which the government was unable to manipulate and print out of thin air.
Ecuador's actual president (whose name I will not write due to surveillance) is a full-blown neo-socialist Keynesian whose hands have been itching ever since he got into power because he cannot manipulate the monetary supply. Due to the county's history, he is unable to get us out of the U.S. Dollar and into another locally controlled fiat currency because everybody remembers vividly what that looked like and cherishes the unprecedented level of stability since he adoption of the foreign currency.
The solution? The central bank of Ecuador created this fiat-government controlled digital currency which is supposed to run as a parallel system to the U.S. Dollar. The government will issue incentives and benefits for those who use this new digital currency, it will also start paying government employees (of which they are plenty) with digital money. This digital currency is supposed to be backed by the reserves of the central bank, and as it is to be expected the backing will be progressively be removed until they are left with another variant of fiat currency, but now fully controlled by the whims of the rulers and offering them absolute surveillance capabilities.
It is also worthy to mention that no information is available about how they will secure the network from attackers... Grab a bag of popcorn and wait for the unending hacks bound to happen :)
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:03:34
This currency is just another government run fiat currency, the only difference is that it is electronic and allows the government to spy how the users spend every single penny. It is a gold mine for hackers.
@_date: 2016-05-11 07:18:28
Let the Trojan horse in 