@_author: freddont11
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:34:44
Precious metals aren't really driven by belief that they're valuable. Granted, that belief can fluctuate the value of anything on earth, but gold and silver are more a 'store of wealth' as they are a finite, tangible item with significant usefulness in several industries such as tech and medical, currently.
Bitcoin is behaving much closer to a 'stock' than anything else.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:58:26
I wouldn't call Bitcoin an instrument to protect wealth whatsoever, and even saying it's inflation-proof is misguided. At its core it is considered 'inflation proof' due to the 'Brand's' finite supply, but it is not truly inflation proof. 
Bitcoin, itself, has no value outside of being a means of exchange. It is not truly finite, it is not used in numerous industries, it's only value is it's use in exchange amongst users. This is something many people miss - Anyone can create a new cryptocurrency with the exact functionality of Bitcoin. So while the "Bitcoin" is finite, throw in BitcoinA, BitcoinB, BitcoinC, etc. and you begin to see the issue. As of now, none of those smaller crypto's have come close to BitCoin, but that doesn't mean it is impossible. All it takes is a much simpler exchange with slightly better functionality that only accepts a different cryptocurrency to dethrone bitcoin, even to the point of having no value at all. TLDR - If users jumped ship to a better crypto, Bitcoin loses all value. Thus it is not a safe store of wealth, and it in no way guarantees a retention of value. (Not a direct comparison, but the basic idea carries over - Internet Explorer might've had value and dominated the market for a time, but now it is literally worthless. Yes, you can still use it to search the internet, but it's worthless now that literally every other browser has surpassed it. Imagine IE being your BitCoin at some point in time, when ChromeCoin takes over the market. The 'store of wealth' is non-existent.
Bitcoin can literally "collapse at any moment" as well. It is not at all the perfect answer to insulate yourself. Land is the perfect answer, precious metals are a decent answer, Bitcoin is an option, and USD is an option. Don't get me wrong, Bitcoin is brilliant and I love the attempt at a competing currency form. But it is just as susceptible to losing all value as is the USD.
People compare USD, Bitcoin, and precious metals frequently, but only one is truly finite, cannot be duplicated, and has significant use outside of a means of exchange. An example of a true store of wealth, just for an example, is property. There will never be more land created, it is completely finite, has infinite and permanent use, and will always hold it's value.