@_author: freenoahj
@_date: 2014-01-18 08:29:50
I have btc in a bet that I believe I won over two weeks ago but betsofbitco.in still says "awaiting decision". Are they still operating?
@_date: 2014-01-20 16:34:40
What's s difficult about coinbase.com? Coinbase makes buying bitcoin as simple as buying anything on the internet. My 13 year old cousin buys bitcoin without problems so if you're having trouble it's your fault.  
Also, how easy is it to buy dollars? People don't ask this question because they understand that dollars are earned, traded, or borrowed. This is true to bitcoin as well. It's totally unfair to compare a five year old currency/technology/economy to one that has had centuries to developed. Still, my friends that know very little about bitcoin eagerly accept bitcoin for favors, trades, or gifts once the basics (and skyrocketing value) are explained. 
What's more transparent that open source? We don't expect people without advanced economic degrees to understand the interworkings of the Fed, fractional reserve banking and quantitative easing but then you expect people without computer science knowledge to know the ins and outs of bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:30:38
Evxaristo poli Andreas! I personally feel so much better after donating. It helps give me a sense of justice and balance through this situation.
@_date: 2017-01-03 07:24:49
How many times have your friends asked: "How can you afford bitcoin when it's $1000 right now!?" 
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:45:23
- I wrote to the author -
Bitcoin is perfectly traceable.
This is a common misunderstanding because of its murky origins. But every transaction on the Bitcoin network (Blockchain) is recorded on a public ledger viewable by anyone with eyes and an internet connection. Check out [blockchain.info](
Here's a great article explaining the traceability and transparency of Bitcoin: [How Anonymous is Bitcoin - Coindesk](
You can check the balance and activity of any bitcoin address. For this reason, Bitcoin is the perfect campaign finance currency.
Another omitted fact is that a Bitcoin donor must submit their name, address, and occupation before they are able to make a donation to Senator Paul.
Your article is based on a very false premise and common misunderstandings about this emergent technology. I hope you'll recognize that and make a correction.
@_date: 2017-05-31 08:54:07
I have been having the same issue. I am a long time customer of Coinbase and have had many successful purchases.  This week I was able to do an instant buy with my bank account but when I try to do the same with my debit card (within the instant buy limit) Coinbase says the purchase was successful but nothing happens with my wallet and nothing happens (so far) with my bank.
Same issue whether I'm trying to buy LTC or BTC.