@_author: freetoevolve
@_date: 2016-08-07 17:28:15
It's that simple is it?  Anyone who says adding trading support, infrastructure, wallets, and security for an additional cryptocurrency as if there is a button to mash and "poof" we're all making money... may not have thoroughly entertained the process.
As far as BTCE I would take a close look at their banking integration, what countries they are available in, and what features outside of the actual exchange they offer. 


This may very well be true, but I also am rather certain a good number are not profitable.  I'm curious, do you have any data regarding how much and who is making clear profits?  I would actually like to see what models are/aren't profitable and what the difference might be.
@_date: 2016-08-01 19:38:51
In an *extremely* mild sense there is a conflict of interest but with any amount of reasonable thought it's clear that it's largely inconsequential.  
First, a hard fork does nothing to fix the need for the Lightning network. We're talking about scaling to VISA.  there will be *one* node on the network if this is supposed to happen on-chain through hard forks and that node will be called Bitcoin VISA.  I want a decentralized network far more than I want one that broadcasts every tiny transaction across the planet.
Second, lightning protocol is entirely open source and will be used by (and is already being tested by many) tens of thousands of other companies/services.  Blockstream isn't going to have some monopoly on this technology.  If r/Btc users don't want to use block streams lightning channel, then they don't have to.
We are dealing with an open source second later solution that has a huge number of applications and isn't centralized or monopolized in any reasonable sense of those words. 
@_date: 2016-08-17 00:57:55
I can't bring myself to care with any enthusiasm about your ridiculous exclamation of "fuck me fees" over a 1.4% charge to buy some Bitcoin.  This is not shocking, I pay similar all the time. If I'm buying anything that I find very valuable in a simple manner and the fees come out to 1.4%, that's generally a good fucking deal in my experience.
@_date: 2016-08-01 01:43:11
True, but couldn't that be stated exactly the opposite way though?  That people were unwilling to agree that the core of bitcoin should stay with small blocks and scale using second later solutions?  Essentially that argument is that people got angry because there was a disagreement in general.  Whether it was rushed or not is largely irrelevant.  Which would suggest a hard fork (rushed or not) could have a very similar result to the ETH/C debacle. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:11:58
Ever heard of graphene?  Every single time we have to come to a point in technology where exponential growth has come to an end, a new paradigm has opened up.  This is not something that's going to stop.  We simply won't be using transistors made of the same materials, or maybe not even teansistors at all.  Remember when we used vacuum tubes, imagine if the Internet and computers were setup in such a way that scaling beyond max tube efficiency was not possible simply because no one at the time had the imagination to see any further.
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:06:25
Trying to draw a comparison between an unprofitable company going under during a massive stock selloff and the volatile market capitalization of a decentralized currency just reveals how little you understand.  
That stack of case study textbooks, which I guess you are using as a computer chair right now, should have something in there about volatility in illiquid markets and how small amounts of money can greatly shift the price, especially in markets with young assets that have few market entry and exit points.  Not to mention the effect that the largest market entry/exit point collapsing might have on the price during a bubble.  
I won't be responding to anymore arguments if all you can say is that something lost value somewhere and it ended bad, thus bitcoin is dead.  There might be a market analysis out there that could reasonably show bitcoin is currently weak or in decline, that the perceived increase in users is just new wallets and addresses of a *static* user base, or that the huge investment increase is just lagging excitement from the bubble.  All of these arguments make more sense than yours.  I actually don't know because I've only looked at the surface of all of this data and it shows growth, therefore deeper analysis didn't seem necessary.  Yet all these reasonable arguments you ignore for something grossly elementary that's neither intelligent, nor applicable.  
If you want to debate, I suggest making a real argument about something actually related to bitcoin and its current state *aside* from the very obvious fact that the price dropped after a massive bubble to around 5x what it had been before.  Anyone can point this blatant price move out, the only thing it tells me is that you know the difference between up and down.  Which is great, I'm proud of you, but it makes for kind of an unfulfilling conversation.  If you can't do that then thanks anyway, its been interesting.
@_date: 2015-12-28 16:12:51
if current block size means that the recent volume is the highest it will ever get or that it will only grow by a factor of 2 or 4 until the end of time... then it wont be accommodating anyone in the developing world.  from one of the basic wallets i tried to make a simple transaction to buy something on Newegg a few weeks ago and the blocks were filling up.  the invoice showed paid, but the transaction didnt get included until 6 blocks later.   my order got canceled but they received my money.  im *still* dealing with this today and havne tgotten it fixed.  
larger block size does nothing to make bitcoin inaccessible to the developing world.  in fact, making larger blocks is typically to ensure it **is** accessible.  it does nothing more than make mining (if blocks are completely full) require a better than poor internet connection... within the next 6 years or so.  its not like this is happening tomorrow.  "but developing countries" is not an argument against but an argument for larger blocks.
@_date: 2015-12-29 03:08:00
No, this has nothing to do with netflix, it was simply a way of portraying an idea.  The ridiculous number of posts trying to disprove why Netflix doesn't apply either didn't read my post, or are deliberately ignoring the clear and simple point I was making to avoid the actual argument.
@_date: 2015-06-20 11:33:27
Gonna tell me where i'm wrong so we can have a debate or are you just going to keep touching yourself?  
Also, where did i attack Bitcoin?  What FUD am I buying into exactly?  I'm going solely based on my experiences during the stress test and how long it took to confirm transactions. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:23:32
I can agree with that as a general rule, but admittedly it has not been my experience.  For the many many people I know who are against or do not like bitcoin, not one of them could break down how it works or tell me what it really is.  And all of them make many of the same painfully wrong and provably false assertions.
There may be a subset who "get it" and disagree.  This is perfectly reasonable and I would be excited to have a debate with them.  But the vast majority of naysayers (from my experience) simply don't have the first clue what they are talking about.
@_date: 2015-06-27 23:01:30
So I can fully understand what you are trying to say.  Here are the arguments I'm getting from you:






*My* argument in summary:  
1.  If someone is mining bitcoin at 1Mb blocks today, considering how small that is in comparison to normal, cheap internet connections, they should be able to easily download 8Mb blocks and I see no reason why some huge portion of miners, who have spent enormous amounts of money on mining equipment, would suddenly be bottlenecked by a bandwidth constraint that's approx 1/7th of my internet speed *per second.*
2.  Creating such unbelievable scarcity as to limit the blockchain to 7 tps will create centralization.  It will severely limit the number of users that can be accommodated at one of the most critical stages of growth.  It will not only force out spam, but normal people making normal transactions.  Raising the fees will not fix this, it will simply make average user transactions infeasible on the blockchain.  This will force people, who are already trying to get comfortable with a new technology, to either immediately use some *additional* protocol or service built *on top* of that system or not use it at all.  The normal user transactions will be bid out of the pool and cost as much as a Mastercard transaction.
3. Miners can handle *far* more transactions per second based on a very affordable internet connection *today*.  This would amount to greater revenue for miners and still cheap transactions for users.  Whereas keeping it limited to 1Mb makes transactions more expensive and forces people off the main blockchain, furthering the use of centralized third parties.
4. Raising the limit to a perfectly acceptable size like 8Mb and then setting a slow increase into the future will allow growth to continue while sidechains are still being developed and in the future both of them will work together to make Bitcoin stronger, faster, more secure, and still achieve good revenue for miners while remaining cheap for its users.  Bitcoin will be able to accommodate the average person's shopping on-chain, as well as the sidechain transactions of a high frequency exchange.
@_date: 2015-12-29 03:18:43
The analogy was simply to state a position which i made perfectly clear. Thank you for restating that the analogy, that i said was bad, was bad.
Anything to add regarding the argument I made about why we should accommodate the government caused Chinese bottleneck, that I think the centralization scare is overblown, and that I see little reason to think the bulk of modern internet will have much trouble handling larger blocks and that trends suggest speeds will be plenty to compensate for the increase?
@_date: 2015-12-27 21:18:39
Yeah they clearly do.  But the government has not shown to be very friendly to Bitcoin.  It seems to me to be a matter of time before the legality of Bitcoin usage and/or mining to be questionable at best.  I hope not, but I'm inclined to think it won't be long before China becomes a largely "no Bitcoin" zone.   And that investment might be forfeit one way or the other.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:25:24
Exactly, the exact same thing was said about mining and yet it is far more decentralized now than it was during the extended period in which everyone debated that mining would centralize an destroy Bitcoin because of ASICs.  
I have a feeling that consistency, stability, and predictability are far greater factors to decentralization than slightly larger blocks.  If those blocks grow predictably and change is seen far in advance, it will have far less impact than having some pseudo fix now and having a the community fighting over what Bitcoin should be used for and limiting it in such a way that it is good for only one purpose.
*that* IMO is what will cause centralization and problems.  Not a predictable block size increase.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:19:43
dont know much about BitID, but this eliminates middlemen altogether and keeps keys in user control on a never logged in device.   With SQRL you *dont need login credentials.*  If works very differently and all man-in-the-middle attacks are immediately obsolete, and you can login to all websites using the same user.  
Now if BitID is just a secure and global username system then this can be used in conjunction with sqrl as a means of keeping that login away from the sites you are logging into.  The critical piece here is that the website literally never has any of your information and isn't storing any passwords, usernames, or any information that can be used to take advantage of you.   Instead of worrying about how hundreds of websites are securing your credentials, you are the only one storing them.
Edit: Just did a little research into BitID and it seems very similar.  probably listens to the podcast, lol.  only difference is where the keys are stored.  one in a bitcoin wallet, the other in a standalone app.  Honestly I'd be down for either to have good implementation, but I'd be inclined to think SQRL might end up with the higher market share strictly because of the audience exposed to it and the fact that he has used a lot of clever methods to secure the app that holds your identity.  I guess the market will decide, I've just been waiting (as well as many other people) for SQRL for like 2 years or something and its good to see it finally working and soon to be available.
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:22:57
Says the guy who's comment was made possible by multiple Linux based servers and computers that connected MoDuReddit's device and allowed him to submit his Linux-hating post to Amazon's Linux based datacenter which is hosting the Reddit website...
...from his android phone.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:06:38
I stupidly equated node vote to miner vote when I posted this without thinking.  You are right of course.  It just seems so ridiculous that no increase, even a small one, is being made when there is unbelievable consensus that the damn thing needs to scale.  
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:18:54


Yes actually it does. if using *actual* bitcoin.  Yes, they can give themselves some new note of IOU or whatever just like is done today.  But they cannot *spend* bitcoin that they don't have in their wallets.  It has to be done through a centralized lender who has the ability to make new *non-bitcoin* notes.  
It might not *end* FRB, but that would only where governments *are not* using actual bitcoins.  If using real bitcoin, settling on the blockchain, and lending actual spendable coin, FRB is impossible without a hard fork and fundamentally changing how bitcoin works.  You cant loan something that doesn't exist.
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:53:09
Won't happen.  If demand is that high there will be side chains galore bundling transactions for everyone else in order to get all that demand for the blockchain.  The sidechain would only need to have 100 transactions bundled to get the fee right back to where it was, and remember this would only be because everyone wants their coins to be verified by the blockchain.  Wanting it so badly that the fee is stable at fucking .5 BTC per Tx.  If fees ever got close to that the profit potential would be so great people would find hundreds of different solutions to make it affordable to as many people as possible.  That's how markets work, and more importantly that's how people *get* rich.  Make something accessible that no one can currently afford.
Exclusion in order to gain is a poverty mentality (and a government one). The rich don't get rich by making things that only 20 people can afford to use.  They get rich by making the luxury of the rich cheap enough that everyone can afford it.  If the blockchain is that valuable, the rich won't be sitting back and laughing at all the peons who can't afford to play the secure money game.  They will be working their asses off to figure out how to make the blockchain affordable to everyone so that they can earn a fraction of that fee from millions of people.  And the first guy who figures it out will make the other rich guys look poor as shit.
My only worry of something similar to that happening is if government achieves a monopoly over Bitcoin somehow and forced out all competition or ensures no one can open a business to make it affordable without a $2 billion bond, 50 licenses, Goldman Sachs regulatory approval, written permission from 55 congressmen, must report every transaction to the IRS, FCC, SEC, and treasury in real time with a full dossier on anyone and everyone using the chain.... *Then* the poor might not ever get to use the blockchain.  But if we have anything resembling a free-ish or open market, the profit potential will be too high to not have a solution to high Tx fees for the average user.
@_date: 2015-12-05 20:43:38
How is it so hard to understand the value of this for some people?  I use Bitcoin all the time and honestly it's a bit frustrating.  I put a percentage of every check into Bitcoin as savings and a hedge against bank problems.  I can easily and regularly move my Bitcoin out of coinbase.  USD is difficult and slow to move out of my bank, yet I can move Bitcoin the to a gyft card *while I'm in the checkout at Target.*   
Moving Bitcoin from my coinbase account into my iPhone wallet is the equivalent of getting cash out of the bank.  The first is easy, the latter is frustrating and slow.  This card allows me to use my Coinbase account like a bank.  I no longer have to care if a company accepts Bitcoin or not.  I can immediately spend it where ever I want. This is an obvious positive for anyone who actually spends Bitcoin.  I would love it if my bank allowed me to electronically and instantly take cash out of bank account with my phone, but I can only do this in Bitcoin.  
So now my Bitcoin account has *practically the exact same functionality of my bank account, except im using Bitcoin.*. This was exactly my hope that the Bitcoin industry would be able to accomplish this one day.  I'm able to easily do a portion of my finances entirely in Bitcoin.  Purchase, move, allocate, save, and spend.  If that's not considered a positive or useful feature to someone then I'm inclined to think you've never used Bitcoin before.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:03:59
Yeah I realize that high node support but no miner support is pointless.  I just didn't think very hard before making a rushed post on my lunch break.  The consensus to simply increase the size, even just once seems so high that it's hard to believe we can't just change it to 4mb and keep talking about long term compromises.
@_date: 2015-12-28 16:18:18
the analogy was to simply express an argument, which i then explained further to clarify where the analogy fell short and/or where its differences were completely unrelated.  its really sad how horrible the discourse is on this topic.  i literally got a flood of people calling me either wrong with no argument, calling me a paid shill that shouldnt be responded too, or saying my analogy is stupid, without ever making a counter argument to an absolutely simple to understand principle... which my poor analogy still made glaringly obvious.  yet no one argues against it.  they have all spent their time tearing apart the specifics of a deliberately unspecific analogy.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:39:48
He *knows*
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:01:05
What are you even talking about?
@_date: 2015-06-27 12:43:34
First, 8mb blocks is not going to suddenly centralize bitcoin to a point that only a handful of people can use it.  Gavin's proposal nicely lags behind Neilson's law regarding growth in connection speeds.  Meaning it could very likely become *less* centralized seeing as how Internet and hardware will be moving faster than the blocksize.
Second, 1MB blocks will be horribly centralizing.  I keep hearing so many arguments about fees adjusting and markets and demand.  That's all good and whatnot but doesn't really apply when there is a hard limit on frequency of transactions.  Doesn't matter how high or low fees are, if there is a constant stream of 3MB per 10 min then only a third will get confirmed and there will FOREVER be a growing ocean of unconfirmed transactions.  The only way them to increase number of transactions is through off-chain ledgers, side-chains, and many more additional layers on top of bitcoin.  ALL of which have a greater potential to be centralized, abused, unsecured, or to have problems or bugs.  
Increasing the blocksize by a small amount with a predictable increase into the future is not going to kill bitcoin.  Leaving it at 1MB will make it destined to be obscure and mostly unusable without any merchant having any real reason to adopt it anymore without room for growth.  And instead of adopting just bitcoin you will need to adopt a hundred different side-chains and centralized services separately.  I *actually* want bitcoin to make a difference and 1MB isn't gonna do shit for the developing world.
@_date: 2015-06-24 23:40:13
Does no one look at anything other than the price?
@_date: 2015-06-19 03:24:13
Ah, Thank you.  Was unaware.  I'll make a note not to waste my time the next I encounter him.
@_date: 2015-06-23 23:18:35
I can agree with that.  I think this is perfectly reasonable though.  It gives the security and features of Bitcoin to the infrastructure and avenues consumers are used to.  And the value of the network will be astronomical if it's being used to secure so many assets.  I still think though that if it did become the "linux" of money that it wouldn't be quite the same.  If the network was so valuable and used so widely, bitcoins would be a fantastic pricing mechanism and settlement layer.  This would make it very attractive for everyday use.  
I could be wrong but if it's secure, a good pricing mechanism, and has tons of stuff built on top of it, the market would probably use it more openly than Linux.  I feel it will get treated less like an OS and more like a standard, similar to how USB is viewed.  Linux is a broad platform that also happens to be secure and free.  However a lot of programs and additions don't work with it easily.  Whereas all the services, protocols, and technologies built on top of the blockchain will be *easiest* to use with Bitcoin.  The other services, assets, and currencies would all be *using* bitcoins as a transaction vessel.  Keeping Bitcoin from having the same incompatibility problem that Linux does.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:44:12
This actually isn't blockchain based.  Its stand alone, but super applicable to bitcoin holding sites where stealing login and spoofing websites has caused problems for WAY too many bitcoin users.  And it also means you dont have to trust the security of your computer, browser, or the website password storage methods which makes Windows not such a nightmare for bitcoin users.
@_date: 2015-06-22 19:05:49
I thought that was the point of the original comment.  That users wont know they will be using Linux (hence "Android) despite the fact that they are using a Linux based OS.  So you could technically say that no one has "adopted Linux" even though a vast majority o what they do is secured and running on top of the Linux platform.  
This is what OP expects to see in Bitcoin's future.  People may be trading stocks, dollars, cars, houses, keys, currencies, trading cards, game points, gift cards, or any of a thousand other things with a thousand different names and brands... but just underneath the surface, every one of those services and users are just exchanging bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-06-14 21:51:51
I hope your response isn't in defense of something you said that is wholly, completely, and irrevocably false.  because that would only make your situation worse.
@_date: 2015-06-04 17:24:19
A horrible abuse and misunderstanding of justice is to believe someone deserves to be beaten senseless for a tiny crime because you are "pretty sure" he did something else worse.
He wasn't sentenced to life over the murder-for-hire shit, he was there for running a website where other people sold drugs, and other people bought drugs.  Plus, there is a lot of reason to think the murder for hire stuff was BS.  Including the fact that the DEA agent who posed as the hitman, also had full admin access to the entire site and DPR's account.  
might I add:  this same DEA agent blackmailed multiple venders and users, sent threats to people, stole from then, ecouraged and setup the entire murder-for-hire situations, and then tried to launder the bitcoin to cover his steps. *He* did far worse than Ross with the explicit intent to just fuck shit up and ruin lives.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:18:36
The undercover agents had full administrative control of the website, they could make orders, change passwords, delete support tickets, log into any accounts, and take users coins.  After gaining this access the DPR account was logged into which hired one of the DEA agent's "hitman" accounts to kill a bunch of different people which the DEA agent subsequently shopped a bunch of photos to make it appear as if it occurred.  The DEA agent had equal control over DPR's account during this time.  If the account was logged into then the only thing anyone can be relatively sure of (assuming this control was never shared with anyone else) is it was either DPR or the DEA agent that setup these hits.  Sadly, DPR never mentioned them in his journals.  Considering the DPR account *conveniently* hired the DEA agent to perform them... I call fucking bullshit.
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:45:30
depending on your security setting in app.  You can have it stay unlocked until phone sleeps, or every time you scan, and so on.   There are a few different episodes where Steve discusses what he wants the app to do and how it will work on Security Now.  Sounds like it could be really secure and relatively simple.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:11:54
Oh! From business center *computers.*  Sorry I read too quickly, I thought you were talking about using unsecure hotel networks to login.  Granted Steve wasn't talking about sending Bitcoin anywhere, so in his example he is right.  If you are logging into Facebook or a normal website then you are safe despite an unsecure computer.  BUT, if you are logging into a *bitcoin holding service* then yeah, stay away from foreign computers that anyone could have loaded intense malware on.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:46:46
Well bitcoin has been running for about 5 years.  5 years multiplied by 1MB every 10 minutes is 262.8 GB.  Shit I don't have enough spa--  wait... the blockchain is only 34GB!?  But how?  I don't... that can't... math... hurts brain... don't understand.
@_date: 2015-12-20 19:52:08
Taking longer than it took to kill the bad guy in Macgyver.
@_date: 2015-06-02 11:38:42
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!
The corrupt fucking DEA agents had *full administative control of the website.*  They could change all passwords and account info and login as anyone on the website *inlcuding DPR.*  
WTF!?  They aren't allowed to *use this in their defense!?*
That's fucking insane.  I've always had a wonder in the back of my mind regarding the murder-for-hire shit because there was a lot of discussion about how the language and writing didn't look like Ulbricht at all.  How could i possibly believe it now?  There is no way to to *even give evidence* for it that isn't tainted to the absolute greatest degree!  All they have are chat logs. This could have happened under Ross's nose without him ever even knowing.  If someone was logged into your account right now posting somewhere, how long would it take for you to notice?  I might *never* see it unless someone else brought it to my attention.
Now I honestly can't believe that this case even happened.  This case, if there was a judge with any sense of justice or sensibility *at all* should have fucking thrown this case out at the beginning!  The corruption around this case inside the police and DEA is astounding!
This entire case was a disgusting abuse of liberty and justice.
Edit: And even more stuff showing there actually was a lot of evidence backing up the multiple DPR claim including conversations proving he knew of something in conversation at one point and then was completely oblivious to the information at a later date.  Did they present this... nope!  Not allowed because it might "*hurt the prosecutions case.*"  Holy god.
Thank you for posting this, I probably never would have seen it otherwise.  Signing the petition for pardon right now.  What a joke, holy crap.
@_date: 2015-06-24 21:41:53
Why can people not have a discussion without smug fucking comments like:


Its not about having a currency that "i specifically" cannot print.  Its about having an "unprintable" currency.  They (Panama or whoever) are subject to the same inflation and boom consequences because they use a money that can be issued through new loans and heavily inflated.  Even worse, you mention the interest rate determining the amount of risk without recognizing that issuing new money is *exactly* what distorts the interest rate to such insanely idiotic levels as 0%!  THIS is because the institutions that are issuing this new money, can freely manipulate its supply and price.  It has an affect on anyone who uses the currency in question, is bad for economic growth, and results in plenty of banking and government institutions having tons of cheap, new money to do whatever they want with.  *This* is *not possible* when using bitcoin.
Maybe I'm just not getting my point across, Let me try to break this down simpler.
**If bitcoin is being used** you cannot create money out of thin air, whether it be a loan or basic issuance.  You *can still get a loan in other currencies* and even a *loan in bitcoin* if someone already *has the bitcoin.*  BUT, you *can't* print new bitcoin, or issue new bitcoin as a loan.  If a massive amount of the world is using Bitcoin, it puts a serious resistance on the normal financial avenues of government funding.  I'm fully aware people and institutions will still loan money to each other, thank you for your snide remarks.
TL;DR  You can do all the same loan issuance and money printing with all the same currencies we have today in a world running on Bitcoin... but you *cannot* do it *with bitcoin.*  Competition with scarce and verifiable money will force governments and banks to behave differently and will likely cut off a major source of funding.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:12:29
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:32:03
This shit is frightening.  I want to throw up in my mouth when some moron tells me we live in a free country and the whole world sucks everywhere except America and that i should shut my mouth and be grateful.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:39:35
hmm, not sure.  I had heard that they generally were inadmissible due to being easy to fake.  Though your link was specifically talking about evidence found online from social networks and the like.  Basically pulbic places that can be verified.  Maybe what i heard was regarding screenshots from private devices without external access, Ulbricht's laptop to be more precise.  I'll do some more searching, might just be wrong about this in particular.  Seems pretty shady though, digital information as screenshots does not seem reliable at all.
disclaimer: low on time, only read about a third of the link.  Comment if there is anything that specifically points out screenshots from a private device.
@_date: 2015-06-24 23:51:50
Bitcoin is more active than its ever been.  I use it all the time now.  2 years ago I couldn't use it *anywhere.*  There has been a ton of stuff going on in the space and its working like it always has.  
If market cap is your *only* measurement of "dead or alive" then it should be noted that it has spent a far longer time below this price than it has above.  Lets take this flawed measurement though and see what it means for Bitcoin.  The market cap of Yelp is about 3.5 billion.  Is their company dead?  Bitcoin's valuation is also close to the GDP of Fiji and Aruba, are these countries dead? 
@_date: 2015-06-26 15:11:07
in all of these cases they are cheating their internal databases which are easily cheated and always have been.  Nearly all of these scams have come to light in a matter of a few months because when too many people attempt to withdraw their coins, it becomes painfully obvious that they don't have the reserves to cover it.  This is not the case in the fiat economy.  The fact that they have had the largest, most blatant fractional reserve ponzi propped up for over a *century* makes that pretty obvious.  
Bitcoin doesn't do anything to stop people from being jackasses, as you clearly proved.  But it changes the nature of systemic and foundational corruption in the monetary system, because it is no longer under the control of a centralized institution.  Any bank can easily fudge the numbers on depositor accounts on an internal ledger even if they are using bitcoins, but they *can't create new bitcoin to cover the fact that they are cheating* when customers want their money.  Which is why MtGox, BS&amp;T, and many others all were obvious scams within an astonishingly short period of time.  
As far as BTC-e being anonymous, I don't see how that relates.


Seeing as how Coinbase and Circle are making money and have good reputations, I can't see why they would attempt to scam everyone just to end up like MtGox.  Didn't turn out too well for them.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:40:56
Not if the demand is crazy high, that doesn't really make any sense.  That kind of fee would suggest that the blockchain is insanely secure, to the point that any alternative is laughable.  No one would use alts because they want the security of bitcoin... which is why fees are so high.
That's kind of like saying, "because everyone wants an iPhone so bad they will all go out and buy razors because they are cheaper."  If the fees are low on alts it would suggest they aren't secure, and no one wants to use them.  
@_date: 2015-06-24 20:54:10
But she didn't predict a price decline based on market indicators, investment data, or price trends.  She predicted *the end of bitcoin* because the "irrational exuberance" that made a bunch of people throw money at something useless will be the same irrational behavior that makes it drop back to zero and die.  
That's not a "successful prediction" because the price continued to decline after she said this.  That would be as successful as me predicting the gold market is going to collapse because no one is going to like shiney stuff anymore, its useless, and the color is so outdated.  Then, a few months later, the price falls because of a short squeeze or something else unrelated and people point how I was right about the price dropping.  
TL;DR  Price only really does 2 things.  I can predict a lot of price moves and get a lot of them right without having a clue what I'm talking about.
@_date: 2015-06-05 15:12:00
Bitcoin fluctuates in value due to fluctuating demand and understanding of its use cases and value to society in voluntary transactions.  Making it a *risky and volatile asset.*
Fiat fluctuates because the price of debt is manipulated under the dictates of a group of old men who directly benefit from their own imposed policies, and who have the authority to counterfeit the currency into thin air and make stock and asset purchases, gaining direct ownership of massive portions of the economy.  They do this by siphoning the value of everyone else's currency holdings, causing inflation, and directly benefiting their own bottom line without ever providing value to the economy in return.  They steal for personal gain under the excuse that they are helping people.  This makes it a *con.*
TL;DR Whether they both fall in value or not is completely irrelevant.  I could say the same of computer prices dropping, doesn't make them a scam.
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:04:05
well yeah, if someone has complete control over the computer you login with and can take over your mouse while you are using it then they can take your coins.  But that's not really a problem with SQRL.  And interestingly enough if you replace your computer and/or fix the *horrific* security hole you have left open you don't have to change your SQRL identity because the hijacker still never got your login or sensitive information and cannot pretend to be you, *despite* having full control of your computer.
edit: And also the access is based on browser session and is encrypted, no one else can recreate the information sent to you to confirm login.  Therefore your connection cannot be hijacked unless the above scenario happened, because it would have to be using the exact same browser at the exact same moment as the computer that originally visited the site.  They cant just jump in the middle of your connection and take over with *their* device, they have to completely take over the device that's logged in.
@_date: 2015-06-20 00:34:40
To use a sidechain you have to send bitcoin to a sidechain "locked" address or set of addresses and then the sidechain manages transactions off the main chain, using bitcoin as a settlement mechanism.  That means that i have to trust their chain and any transactions that take place on it.  And that chain has to be mined separately as well.  
The centralization issue is ridiculous in my opinion.  I also think 1Mb blocks will be FAR worse for centralization.  The same argument could be made for the ever increasing chain as it stands now.  I think its far more damaging to bitcoin to limit who and *how many* can transact on it.  A 1Mb limit is *tiny.*  I want to be able to use bitcoin as *money.*  If it grows hardly at all from this point, that basically becomes impossible in the way we've been using it.
@_date: 2015-06-24 01:15:39
True, but I think you are grossly underestimating how much of their spending and taxing power is derived from inflation.  Governments are severely limited in what they can openly and visibly take through taxation.  When property tax and income tax go up people get really pissed.  That's why politicians don't bother, instead they just get a loan backed by nothing and give the people the program or subsidy they wanted and letting pay for it through higher prices.  Inflation is an almost invisible tax and is incredibly powerful in that way.  People have begun to simply believe prices go up over time as if it's some natural process.  
I do agree, taxation definitely won't go away, but I think the inability to spend *without taxing first* will have a massive impact on limiting what government institutions can get away with.  And it will fundamentally change how they operate.  No more fractional Reserve Banking, no more loans.
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:36:31
as i understand it yet.  I believe you simply click on the QR instead on scanning it.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:01:45
Yeah I just thought if enough nodes came online supporting it that some infouence could be made but I simply posted without thinking for the 10 seconds it would've taken to remember the nodes don't control block size.  If none are mining nodes then it won't make a difference, it's not just about nodes accepting blocks it's about larger blocks being made, so my rushed and largely stupid idea would have no effect whatsoever.
@_date: 2015-12-29 03:18:29
The analogy was simply to state a position which i made perfectly clear.  Thank you for restating that the analogy, that i said was bad, was bad.  
Anything to add regarding the argument I made about why we should accommodate the government caused Chinese bottleneck, that I think the centralization scare is overblown, and that I see little reason to think the bulk of modern internet will have much trouble handling larger blocks and that trends suggest speeds will be plenty to compensate for the increase?
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:40:20
Do you mind elaborating?  I'm not understanding this proposal or your opposition to it very well.
@_date: 2015-06-29 14:27:26
Ah yes, when stuff gets really bad we want violent and impulsive leaders who can use their authority to punish and hurt people, not intelligent organizers who can bring people together to solve problems.
@_date: 2015-06-05 23:25:48
[Fiat doesn't fluctuate](
Your example is the dollar.  Pick the world reserve currency, literally the fiat with the absolute largest liquidity of any currency, claim it holds value for a year, thus all fiat doesn't fluctuate.  Meanwhile, [Venezuela's currency just lost 30% last week.](


TIL dictating your authority to hurt or steal from others without their consent through the exercise of force makes you exempt from morality.  Hitler wasn't such a bad guy after all, I mean he "had the authority."


lmao, yeah the [political class certainly doesn't benefit](  Why would they [care]( anyway? And it *definitely* doesn't benefit [lobbyists or the wealthy.]( I bet if inflation didn't [help the economy]( the FED would stop immediately because they always say that their only concern is our [well being](  And they care most of all [about the poor](


That's great!  What better way to ensure sustainable growth than to make sure that we all go deeper and deeper into debt!? And when we run out of money, push the interest rates [even lower]( to ensure that we not only have zero reserve economy wide, but that we actually *owe* many multiples of the amount actually produced.  And it's also great for [preventing booms and busts]( don't want to leave out something so important.  
Inflation is poisonous and *every* leader or ruling class who ever used it claimed it was good for "the country."  And yet the majority of dominant civilizations throughout history were again and again brought down by endless debt and currency debasement.  This time isn't special.  Same shit different country, bigger currency.
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:59:50
fortnight = better than saying two weeks.
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:21:37
easy backup process, just import file into new phone with app and retype password and still running.  If you don't have a backup though, then you have a problem, much like bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:24:22
well, that's technically correct though.  People who use Mac *are* using Unix.
@_date: 2015-06-06 05:16:53


The FED wrote its own law and congress *gave* it authority.  They bought a politician and had them push the act through congress.  If they didn't need government permission they wouldn't have spent so much time and money buying and manipulating it.  Without monopolistic law to abuse the Fed would have accomplished nothing and could never have maintained a monopoly while screwing everyone.  Only through government could they make themselves a permanent parasite in the economy. 


The FED creates inflation and steals the value from all users of the currency.  And maintains their monopoly by having the government guarantee it by backing it with police and military force.  They arrest and regulate practically any and all possible competitors out of the market.  That's why they have reigned supreme for *a century* until a decentralized protocol based currency without any central institution or individual to attack or put pressure on was the *only possible avenue for competing with the FED monopoly.*


Hitler had the legal authority to do every atrocity he committed.  It was all legal.  The comment above was suggesting that counterfeiting was acceptable because they "have the authority."  My response was meant to prove that this doesn't change shit.  Hitler's atrocities and the FEDs counterfeiting derive their "exception" from the same source, political authority.  Doesn't mean they are equal in degree, but they come from the same moral idiocy that the original comment was foolishly excusing. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:22:34


Sorry, that was supposed to be regarding being a node, not a normal user.  Writing quickly and didn't catch that.
Neilson's law *is* an observation but it's also a clearly defined trend that has been observed in almost *every* kind of information technology.    Information technology grows at a logarithmic scale plain and simple.  I honestly don't know of a single exception to this rule and I think it's very safe to make the assumption that it will continue.  


The point of this was not to explain what would happen to excess transactions, it was to express that there would *always* be a pool of transactions that can't go through.  And raising fees does not speed up the network, it *only* acts as a way of ignoring smaller fee transactions.  It will end bitcoins usability for micro transactions and take it's liberating and low cost features and make it either:
1. An expensive chain where transactions go through only in conglomerates of merchants, businesses, secondary services, or side chains.  
2. A largely ignored and barely used chain that could never properly scale without handing trust over to secondary institutions and protocols.


The idea that bitcoin is going to suddenly become massively centralized because of having to download 8 WHOLE MEGABYTES (ONLY when blocks get full mind you) is so implausible to me I don't know how to respond.  Bitcoin is already run mostly by a relatively small number of nodes and mined by huge pools and data centers.  


Seriously, what the hell is so scary about 8MB, especially when it will probably take a few years to even start filling them?  I can download 8MB on a $40 connection in just a few seconds.  I don't get it.


Except that side chain transactions aren't on the Blockchain until after being pooled.  Meaning you need *new* software and clients in order to see and accept those transactions in *addition* to bitcoin software.
@_date: 2015-06-24 20:38:45
Article's word was "dead."  This is what is in question.  Down 60% in spite of massive investor involvement, multitudes of new services and applications, start-ups on the rise, developers on the rise, transactions on the rise, users on the rise, Silicon Valley interest on the rise, and practically every other meaningful measurement showing growth... "dead" should not be considered an intelligent or informed description of something with a state like Bitcoin has today.  That's the word choice of a heavily biased individual stating the simple conclusions of their worldview and prejudices as fact without even bothering to look at any evidence or make any attempt at research.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:39:46
1. you have identity and password on super secure phone app.  
2. go to website, they give every visitor a unique randomized url
(e.g. youtube.com/login/jcaUvo294fCNslappsw)
3. QR code displayed next to login
4. use phone to scan QR, which takes your credentials, mixes it with unique URL using math, and spits out a string of nonsense.
5. phone sends nonsense to website which automatically grants access to specific device running that url.
6. computer is logged in, no credentials were shared, no keys were ever in transit, cant be spoofed unless have full control over phone and unecrypted access to keys in app.
@_date: 2015-06-19 01:10:04
from: "We should treat everyone equal, judge them by their character."
to: "OMG HES BLACK AND HAS A HIGH POSITION - maybe he didn't actually do anything yet - BUT WHO CARES GIVE HIM MEDALS BECAUSE BLACK!!"
Racism brings out the dumbest shit in people.
@_date: 2015-06-26 01:27:53
Im sure there are plenty of people who lost money on Yelp or Facebook or Apple or whatever.  The fact that someone bought at a peak in the price has literally zero correlation to whether or not the service or technology is being used.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:07:35
Never challenged that, i don't doubt he created the SR.  He admitted to it.  but the murder for hire stuff is bullshit, which is likely why they never went forward with the charges because they new it would call the entire investigation into question if the defense was allowed to talk about it.  Still should have been thrown out, the corruption in this case is fucking insane, honestly, I think the undercover agents broke more laws and did more irresponsible shit than Ross did.  
Ross was running a website where *other people* sold items which consisted of like 80% marijuana, and he answered support tickets when people had trouble.  He... got... *life*... in maximum... security... prison.  He didn't even take something that wasn't his.  In no context (with remotely reliable evidence) did he aggress against another person, and there is no evidence that he ever either sold or used illegal substances.  This shit was a farce and a lesson in government corruption and arrogance.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:11:40
The prosecution presented computer screenshots as evidence.  This has never been allowed in court before because of the stupid ease with which it could be falsified.  
I'm sure a lot of people here could have photoshopped well enough to fake a text document or computer screenshot. Im not saying I know whether of not this occurred, that's irrelevant.  I'm just pointing out that the judge didn't give a shit about finding the truth or being unbiased and should be fired for her handling of this trial.
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:02:33
Ever heard of tobacco?  Just do a google search for how many people are killed by tobacco, then alcohol and *then* add all the illegal drugs together and see if the combination of everything illegal even comes close to the alcohol and tobacco numbers *individually.*
Then ask what fucking sense putting him in prison *for life* makes for "keeping society safe." 
Edit: Also you can't forget that "street heroin often contains toxic contaminants or additives."  Which is a problem that was virtually non-existent on the Silkroad with every substance sold.  
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:02:03
Took me a bit but i finally realized who it was.  I hope he breaks out raping in his next video lol.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:01:30
Not exactly.  
First, two-factor hasn't protect people in many cases where username &amp; passwords are the final arbiter of verification.  because you use that password to request a reset of your authenticator.  Its definitely much more secure, but falls under the issue of user error and reusing passwords for emails on many occasions (had a friend hit with the double use password problem just like this).  
Second, part of the issue here is ease and simplicity.  Usernames and passwords are annoying and slow.  This identification is nearly instant.
Third,  Google authenticator isn't password protected and has no real security on your phone.  The SQRL app holding your identity has much better security and safety measures to ensure even if you phone is stolen, the likelyhood of having your identity compromised is slim to none, and a simple backup keeps you able to login anywhere.
Technically you could actually consider it more secure than two-factor because you still use a password, its just not on the device you are logging in on, and you still are given a unique identifier its just coming from the website itself and you mix your keys with it.  Its not a perfect relationship because SQRL doesn't work like a second factor, but the argument could be made that SQRL might be more secure.  Hard to know though.
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:53:09
Won't happen.  If demand is that high there will be side chains galore bundling transactions for everyone else in order to get all that demand for the blockchain.  The sidechain would only need to have 100 transactions bundled to get the fee right back to where it was, and remember this would only be because everyone wants their coins to be verified by the blockchain.  Wanting it so badly that the fee is stable at fucking .5 BTC per Tx.  If fees ever got close to that the profit potential would be so great people would find hundreds of different solutions to make it affordable to as many people as possible.  That's how markets work, and more importantly that's how people *get* rich.  Make something accessible that no one can currently afford.
Exclusion in order to gain is a poverty mentality (and a government one). The rich don't get rich by making things that only 20 people can afford to use.  They get rich by making the luxury of the rich cheap enough that everyone can afford it.  If the blockchain is that valuable, the rich won't be sitting back and laughing at all the peons who can't afford to play the secure money game.  They will be working their asses off to figure out how to make the blockchain affordable to everyone so that they can earn a fraction of that fee from millions of people.  And the first guy who figures it out will make the other rich guys look poor as shit.
My only worry of something similar to that happening is if government achieves a monopoly over Bitcoin somehow and forced out all competition or ensures no one can open a business to make it affordable without a $2 billion bond, 50 licenses, Goldman Sachs regulatory approval, written permission from 55 congressmen, must report every transaction to the IRS, FCC, SEC, and treasury in real time with a full dossier on anyone and everyone using the chain.... *Then* the poor might not ever get to use the blockchain.  But if we have anything resembling a free-ish or open market, the profit potential will be too high to not have a solution to high Tx fees for the average user.
@_date: 2015-06-06 04:43:51
That's called the desire to save for the future, or postponing consumption for a higher value purchase later.  It's the opposite of consumerism and results in sustainable growth for any economy that engages in such activity.  It's what happens when you lay the foundation of economic activity with actual, scarce, and stable monetary units based on real value.  
Welcome to real money.
@_date: 2015-06-19 01:19:54
Yeah, a bunch of my family and friends laughed at me when i bought bitcoin 4 years ago and told them what an amazing new technology it was.  Obviously, they were right and I was just being a stubborn fool for not listening to them.  So I sold all my bitcoin and ignored it for the obvious scam it was....  oh wait.  No I didn't.  
Anyone who measures their worth by the values of others isn't really much of a person at all.  More like a reflection of the people around them.  Those people make me sad.  I hope you aren't one of those people whose judgement is solely determined by the sum of everyone else's ridicule and laughter.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:45:55
read edit.  I didn't know how BitID worked.  Like I said it looks basically the same aside from BitID being connected to a bitcoin address.  
Question though, does this actually send a transaction for validation or do you just sign something using the key and push it to the website?
@_date: 2015-06-05 01:25:29
What's so great about this is that they will never have a blockchain as secure and trustworthy as bitcoin.  If they try to create their own token, which they basically have to, it will never catch up with bitcoin's ridiculous headstart or network computation.  If its decentralized why would you risk on anything other than the dominant network? And if they don't have one and its just centralized/proprietary mining, then if anyone loses trust in the institution, who cares about how good the software is?  It's like hinging the entire trust of the internet on whether or not Yahoo is successful.  Just not gonna happen.
The first company that accomplishes these same goals on top of bitcoin as opposed to their own attempt at a Goldman Sachs altcoin or whatever is going to blow their competitors out of the water.  Trust in these institutions is already faltering, and when the interest rate scam comes to fruition it certainly isn't going to improve.  No one is going to want *their* solution to the problem *they* created.  And all the while, a steadily growing, decentralized, open source, global, frictionless, and free bitcoin based financial market will keep on working in the background until people realize that its just not going anywhere and they were fools for not using it in the first place.  
At least that's what I think :)
@_date: 2015-06-19 01:12:33
Argument and debate does not equal violence.  In fact it is a most critical element of peace.  That when we disagree, we discuss and argue instead of having each side beat the shit out of each other and we simply implement the policy of the winner.
@_date: 2015-06-26 01:25:31


That was not my argument.  My argument was *if bitcoin is being used,* not that they will be *forced* to use it.  As I said, the government will probably do all the same stuff they have, they just *cant* do it *with bitcoin.*  That's all i'm pointing out.  And a competitor in the realm of secure and scarce money is not something to be ignored.  They have never had to face competition before and it will likely encourage them to change their policies *if* bitcoin becomes very widely used.  
Time Warner Cable in my area has been going nuts because Google Fiber is setting up their network in my city.  In years they have changed very little regarding their network and/or services and in the last 3 months they have gone fully digital, removed all analog channels, doubled the number of channels available to internet traffic, and have increased their internet packages *by a factor of six* with the same prices.  This is the affect of a *single* competitor.  It forces the other company to recognize there is a market alternative and forces them to improve their services in response.  If Bitcoin becomes a massively used "currency of the internet," government will likely find themselves facing the same problem, and even a small portion of the population losing trust in a currency can greatly affect its price and stability.  This will encourage governments and banks to make their money more attractive, by changing their policies.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:25:01
If you lose phone you lose your keys.  Backing it up though is easy and doesn't open you up to security problems really aside from having another encrypted copy somewhere else.  
If your phone is stolen, its not really a big deal, they cant login as you because your keys are encrypted, again you need a backup though.
There is no central server.  unique URL is sent from website, your phone mixes it with your key and sends back the result to same URL.  URL becomes "activated" and you are logged in on whatever device the URL was granted to.
Yes, It is Open Source.
@_date: 2014-04-07 20:48:58
No offense, but if you think the Federal Reserve *wasn't* responsible for the credit crises then *you* have a lot of reading to do.
Think about it.  If the Federal reserve has control over the interest rate (a direct price control), *and* they can loan money into thin air to fulfill "demand" when there is no savings left to loan... how else could you possibly create an economy that borrows over 5 times the value that's actually produced in that economy, and still maintain broadly applied *0% interest rates*?
If this was done by a single entity controlling the price of bread and the supply suddenly vanished, would you really ignore the monopoly organization that loaned out "bread certificates" to purchase a billion loaves of bread when there were only a million loaves on store shelves?  That doesn't sound like it has consequences to you?
This is, from a most rudimentary explanation, basically what happened to the economy, and subsequently has happened now nearly a dozen or so times since the Fed was created to "stabilize" the economy.   Every time, too much is loaned, prices skyrocket, the economy finds out it cant be paid back, the economy collapses.  All the while interest rates are forced down to unrealistically low levels.  The price is *supposed* to fluctuate so that we *know* when the economy is running out of capital to loan, therefore people *stop* getting credit cards and start getting *rewarded* for saving again (by getting paid **higher** interest!).   Instead, we loan until we physically realize that we started 15 houses and only had the wood to build 5.  Then the Crash.  
TL;DR  You really think the Fed is our savior in all this?  The *monopoly debt machine* is what **saved** us from our **debt crisis**?  You should watch the news less "bud."
@_date: 2014-08-23 15:03:14
$90 that is then put into another bank account, and then that bank loans out another $81... Which gets put into another account... And so on.  Eventually $100 does create somewhere between $800-900 in completely new currency notes.   This is to only count a 9:1 ratio even though there are many derivatives, financial "exemptions", and "specialty loans" created that allow for even more insane ratios like 40:1 and 50:1. 
As for the user who said "why is this a problem?" - well it destroys your money, creates price bubbles, and results in economic crashes.  If you think millions of people losing their houses and being loaned money at rates that have absolutely no correlation to productive capacity backing it and rather only measure the speed and rate of creation of arbitrary points within the financial sector... Well then there's nothing wrong with it I guess.  
BUT, if you understand money as a medium that trades real value.  A sort of point system for favors owed. Then suddenly the picture makes more sense.  A saver isn't hoarding and hurting the economy, they are in fact working their ass off, providing value and favors for other people, without requesting anything back.  They are holding their small favors in order to ask society for a bigger favor later down the road.  This also makes the banks much more transparent as well.  They are loaning out favors that will never be fulfilled.  They are giving away the points without ever doing a favor or producing anything for anyone else.   Imagine being able to loan money that you don't even have.  Shit ill loan you a million dollars right now!! You now owe me a million dollars worth of favors that I never produced for a soul on earth.  I simply friended the right politician and made sure I could counterfeit without any consequences outside of getting very rich, very quickly, and not having to do anything for it.  And if half the country can't pay it back, well then I'll just take their houses in order to pay off the favors and the work that I never performed.
@_date: 2014-07-15 00:29:34
I agree completely. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:20:03
ELI5  I'm hoping someone has an English language explanation of what this does, without telling me its a deterministic time-lock encryption chain where you stack hashing chains and encrypt in a parallel way that needs to be serially decrypted and you can throw away the private keys to encrypt with the public key.  
And *obviously,* with these powers combined you have unhackable everything and you never have to trust anyone anymore :)
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:35:35
As I understand it it was novel at the time that Steve described it on his podcast.  He originally just hoped someone else would make it and just explained it a few days after he had the "moment of clarity."  He thought and thought about it wondering if there was some fatal flaw he was missing.
In the end too many people were excited so he just figured he would put everything else on hold and make this thing work.  There has been a lot of excitement around it as it was one of the first feasible projects that looked simple enough to eliminate usernames and passwords.  Since then multiple development groups have taken the idea and run with it.  Though this was the intent so I don't mean that in a negative way.  I'm really excited to see this being implemented :)
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:38:39
It's not about global "government" though.  It's about global networks and technologies that *prevent* control, tyranny, and manipulation of the systems that manage society.  
They become independent and decentralized systems that will little to no resemblance to our current concepts of "government."  
@_date: 2015-06-05 20:11:10
*Clearly* not a man of his word.  Thank you for pointing that out.  Says he will accept an ass-pounding, gross violation of his right to life and liberty in reaction to a "crime" in which there was no victim and his customers were actually thankful for his service... totally bails on his promise... What a douche right?                 /s
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:24:13
And as a consequence, nearly all games are made to play on Windows first.
@_date: 2014-08-16 04:07:21
Lol no not stable at all.  I never said a word about stability.  
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:18:14
Reversible txns can easily be programmed into bitcoin as a third party service.  But when you create a system where only the owner retains the keys to their money, you inevitably create irreversible txns.  This isn't a problem, it is a direct side effect of the fact that its *secure.*  
You also incorrectly believe dollars are revesible txns.  They aren't.  Only when a third party turns those dollars into digital points and retains the control does irreversibility become possible.  Which is, like I mentioned, still possible with bitcoin when using a bank or third party.
@_date: 2014-02-18 23:57:09
Your getting closer.  Just donated :)
@_date: 2015-06-11 11:28:27
Vast majority has been spent through Gyft.com using giftcards, but I've used it for grocery shopping, birthday/christmas/wedding presents and the like.  small projects i've been doing (XBMC raspberry pi, rewired house for coax and cat5).  a number of electronics devices, an engagement and wedding ring.  A significant portion of our wedding...  
All in all I've spent, at various prices, about ~300 bitcoin probably.
@_date: 2014-09-03 16:31:12


Except that the governments of the poorest countries are almost universally corrupt and tryannical to start with, which is generally why they are such poor countries.  So making it "tax money" probably wont help either...
Also, Bitcoin doesn't really change this.  Maybe it could shift the dynamic because the money can be traced through addresses but Bitcoin isn't a magic wand.  It would only stop them from printing money, not using it for evil purposes or stealing it.
@_date: 2014-01-01 07:28:18
Deflationary doesn't mean a rising price.  it means a falling supply, which *generally* coincides with a rising price.   
Bitcoin as a currency is not deflating and is not deflationary.  Supply is in fact inflationary to a predictable degree, while it's perceived and/or applicable value is what is rising.  
Don't use "deflation" like a journalist.  It makes you sound like one.
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:12:48
No on both accounts.  I thought you were simply referring to war debts in general.  Didn't realize we were talking about the German mark in the 20s specifically.  I'm on iPhone and the thread doesn't display the tier correctly.  Way to be a dick about it though.  
On the general note however inflation is broadly speaking the only reason war happens in this day and age.  "It is no coincidence that the century of total war coincided with the century of central banking."  (Can't remember who, I think Mises or something)
@_date: 2015-06-10 21:01:08
hmm, yeah not true.  I assume you are just generalizing the fact that there are fewer vulnerabilities and viruses that infect Mac OS but the statement that they "don't get viruses," taken at face value, is definitely false.
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:01:07
Video game Christmas Giveaway?
@_date: 2014-10-05 00:29:27
People have said that a few times before In bitcoin's short history.  
eBay alone processed over $92 billion in 2010.  Now, Open Bazaar has a far greater geographical reach, has no restrictions on market entry, has no censorship, can be made anonymous, and is completely free.  By its nature, if the tech works properly, it *could* be many times the size of eBay.  If you ignored the thousands of other uses and possible marketplaces, the price of a Bitcoin would still have to be far higher than its ever been to date just to accommodate a successful Open Bazaar.  
I don't see any reason to think Bitcoin will not continue to have long term growth.  Yeah, obviously the price is down, and sentiment is down with it.  But sentiment changes with the wind.  And the price certainly doesn't have a habit of doing the same thing for very long.  However, what the Bitcoin technology can *accomplish* hasn't changed.  And the infrastructure needed to get us there has only grown...  
I personally doubt the people who laugh at Bitcoin will be getting the last one, but that's just me.  
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:02:50
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:09:02
Open Bazaar is that you!?  
Oh... Yeah I'm just waiting for the free and decentralized version.  Sorry :(
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:53:57
Exactly.  there has been a surge of not-so-insignificant news items back to back for about a week.  
I think the Netflix rumor could be one of the biggest movers in a while.  This is not a small deal IMO.  I install cable and internet for people and I can tell you right now, *everyone* knows Netflix.  In addition, investors and the like (if they aren't idiots) are fully aware that the Netflix model is one that will continue to grow and is still far from reaching saturation.  While TV, physical media, and the old production model is simultaneously dying.  (I've actually been telling people to switch to Netflix and buy smaller packages, I'm a really bad employee, lol)
As an investor, if you heard a rumor that a large and reliable new market, with a lot of continued potential for growth and profit is considering participation in a very new, experimental, disruptive, and insanely profitable market with massive growth potential... where would you put your money first thing in the morning?
@_date: 2014-10-21 03:04:45
Well yeah, but it takes years for the market to correct when empty money floods into the financial system.  Your comment gives the impression that his understanding is flawed and that if you just predict the market will collapse then you will always be right because it just always does.  That precludes the idea that markets just completely collapse and go into 5 or 6 year recessions and remain horribly imbalanced all by themselves.  That ridiculous assumption must also exclude the idea that the horrific monetary policy, issuing currency as debt, printing money, and trillions of new dollars that have been sunk into the financial markets has had no effect whatsoever.  And that all that fake purchasing power has nothing to do with the booms, the bubbles, or their inevitable collapse....
Is this seriously what you are suggesting?
@_date: 2014-03-15 12:54:07
The joke :)
@_date: 2014-09-18 13:01:01
All trends looking good except for the damn price is plummeting.  What kind of sense does that make?  I finally have some money to put into Bitcoin so I'm not hugely disappointed, but seriously why the hell is it still falling?
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:22:44
It was a scam and a ponzi scheme according to pretty much any bank in the world just a few short months ago.  So now they change their mind, realize the incredible potential of the technology (probably because it just wont go away on its on), but say that the "currency" is still no big deal.  If it took them this long to see that value exists in Bitcoin as a system, but still have "doubts" about the currency, why on Earth would I start listening to them now because they only part way get it? 
@_date: 2014-12-02 19:08:53
Why don't you work for Comcast then if you don't have a choice?  They are one of these big evil companies that forces people to work for them are they not? Which company are you forced to work for?  Can you not start a business of your own?  Can you not say *no* when they offer you a job?  I've turned down a job before, was I doing it wrong? I lived very reasonably for 4 years running a wedding filming business.  Did I not have that choice?  It wasn't easy, but neither is anything in life.  
Big corporations don't *force* anyone unless they lobby the government to do it for them.  A private business cannot afford a military or police unit to run around and enforce "their" laws.  That's why they need a monopolistic government, because government gets to steal under the religious belief that they are morally superior.  Then those companies that want privilege or unearned customers don't have to pay the extraordinary price of keeping a population under violent control.  The government robs the people to pay for it and they just lobby to government to make sure the laws favor their goals over others.  If the people don't pay, they are ridiculed, beaten, and imprisoned.  They are considered the lowest form of humanity, put in cages next to rapists, murderers, and thieves.  All for not wanting to pay for something they don't agree with.  What corrupt company could ever want anything more?
@_date: 2014-05-08 13:54:04
Article has some "valid" points but assesses everything with a VERY linear thought process.  It is little different than complaining about how little you can do with the internet in 1992 and saying it will fail due to the "current" limitations.   They fail to take into account the rate of growth, new services within the space, and development processes.  
Its not about what exists today.  Its about the broad trends and rate of change.  Without taking these into account the assessment is really pointless.  Like the "experts" in the 80s who said we would run out of food in 1 decade and energy in 2 decades they will probably be wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:45:29
Fractional reserve banking is not a result of competition and free markets.  That's why it was necessary to institutionalize it.  The FED was created in 1913 and fractional reserve banking had already had some serious episodes in this country as well as multiple other banks that had attempted to become the first "national" bank.  The were multiple cases of banks attempting to take advantage of this in our history and they all failed.  Due to the free market and competition, they were forced to pay for their own mistakes and went out of business when they loaned out more money than they could ever afford.  
The FED would have died in the Great Depression (which they themselves obviously caused if you've studied debt crises) but they were protected by law and insured by the government.  Institutionalizing fractional banking is the ONLY way to make it succeed.  That's why every bank wants to be a "national" bank.
You say this is based on real history and I couldn't agree more.  But your history seems to be based on the very fanciful and storybook version we all received in middle school.   Unfortunately there is a deep ocean of history that was left out in our education.  Not to mention any attempt to explain economic principles was practically non-existent.  
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:19:40
It's not necessarily their fault because Bitcoin remains an unfamiliar technology.  But if you took a hundred thousand dollars in cash and left it in another persons house for months and months.  Then at the same time the business that individual ran that was "protecting" your cash continued to show up in the news for poor practices, glitches, and poor security... Would their be a discussion about how crappy cash is as a medium of exchange when they suddenly lost access?  Would we say "how could cash ever go mainstream?  Who could ever take it seriously?"
I agree what happened to them sucks and blaming them is harsh and probably unfair to some degree, but blaming Bitcoin IMO is even more so.
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:05:22
I'm very confused as to where all these bitcoiners who supported MtGox are?  I've heard nothing but hate for them for the 3 years I've been here.  They have always had terrible lag and they always have had shit customer support.  
Yes, banks collapse all the time and federally insured doesn't mean anything when the currency is killed in the process.  Maybe you live in the comfortable dollar economy, but you clearly don't know the first thing about roughly 95% of the world.  Read about inflation.  Read about the financial and monetary meltdowns happening at this very second in almost 10 countries (that I know of) and then repeat that narrow-minded ignorant and completely disillusioned statement that "banks don't collapse."   Jesus Christ did you just skip 2008? 
One day the dollar will end the same way virtually every single fiat currency ends.  It's easy to say everything is great at the very top of a 50 year bubble.  But to me a 600% debt to productivity ratio means FDIC insurance is laughable.  As if it is going to keep any of our financial system even remotely solvent as this shit continues to unravel.  
Your talking points will seem really contrived and sad when history shows how oblivious the average person was to the greatest financial disparity in the history of mankind.  Why don't you email someone from Cyprus and ask how safe it is to keep your money in the bank.
EDIT:  Everything I typed is very demeaningly written and largely unkind.  For that I apologize.  Your comment got me really heated and I reacted poorly.  I try not to start shit throwing contests because it leads to no one learning anything and conversations turn into nothing more than long, elaborate strings of people talking down to each other.  I don't wish to contribute to that.   I simply think there is very good reason and a lot of evidence to suggest a different view of things.
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:36:37
Healthcare is a different story, but in the US we spend an astounding amount of money on it already and socializing the remainder of the industry isn't going to make it any cheaper.  There is a marvelously thorough report on Mises.org explaining the history of healthcare regulation, what major events shifted the markets, and why it's become so unbelievably expensive.  
Link if your interested: 
Not to mention the moral problem with forcing someone else to pay for something without their consent.  To me it doesn't matter whether someone is taking 50%, 20%, 10%, or 1% of someone's money under the threat of violence, imprisonment, and ultimately death.  When another individual takes money from you without your desire (and even dictates how much he is "allowed" to take) then you are a slave.  Stealing is stealing, whether it's $1 or every dollar a person has.   
Plus, healthcare *is* a part of our debt/deficit problem.  The government controls the price of getting loans and then encourages debt to accumulate in certain areas through regulation, subsidies, and other incentives.  I've studied economics for a long time and it still amazes me that it isn't obvious why prices rise in specific areas of the economy.  
Think of tuition prices.  They have absolutely skyrocketed. Why is that?  Because the government gives stupidly low interest rates for kids to go to college.  College was once about skill sets and very specific industries to ensure students learned what they needed to be productive for society.  And over a few decades it has transformed into a ridiculously overpriced extension of high school.  The entire first 2 years has become required basic classes. They recycle books by rearranging them for the "new edition" and charge higher prices.  Then the education does very little to help in the job market and has even caused a massive gap in certain blue collar industries that are literally begging for hundreds of thousands of *needed* labor and yet no one has the skills for them.  Link:     The trend in tuition prices continues to increase while the quality of the education continues to decrease.  
And it is all caused by the subtle and marvelous power of manipulating the money supply and interest rate.  Here we are with an economy that has successfully loaned out over 6 times the value it can produce, and we have nothing to show for it but a declining infrastructure, declining healthcare, declining education, and no jobs with only higher prices and more loans on the horizon.  
TL; DR. We are in a pretty bad way and it's not gonna get fixed by another government program.
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:47:10
Well the Federal Reserve has printed around a trillion dollars and purchased into the stock and bond markets throughout the last few years.  All those numbers don't mean much when it's fake money, there will be another 2008 sometime soon (seeing as how they doubled down on the same policies and counterfeiting that caused the first crash) and your 401K might just make you cry.  Don't count your chickens and all that you know.
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:35:42
Thank you :)
@_date: 2014-06-04 11:47:46
True, but it's also difficult to find if you type "free market" into a search engine.  OpenBazaar is a very good alternative that isn't nearly, "go fuck yourself authority" as Dark Market .  Not that I can't relate somewhat ;)
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:30:56
Lol "largest banks in the world?"  
First banks collapse all the time and tons of people get screwed, again not the fault of cash.
Second MtGox is not by any means whatsoever a large and trusted bank.  It's 4 years old and they have had a poor reputation pretty much the whole time.  Not to mention they began as a magic the gathering exchange.  
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:04:37
Darkcoin has value.  I think its irrelevant that coinjoin was developed for bitcoin.  In fact, that makes me trust it more and not less.  That they aren't using some obscure code, but have just copied something that is known to work.  The algorithm and inflation rate is what is killing dogecoin.  Darkcoin has real utility.  This gives it a feature that Bitcoin does not natively provide.  Plus, I highly doubt coinjoin will be added at the protocol level.  The key now is to simply keep Bitcoin running.  Coinjoin will be added on top and transfers between other altcoins (such as darkcoin) will give bitcoin all the anonymity its users desire. 
In short, I don't think Darkcoin is going anywhere soon unless of course there is a critical flaw.  It has a specific purpose that Bitcoin does not provide in the same way, plus moving from one chain to another adds an additional level of obscurity that will make anonymity even easier to achieve.
@_date: 2014-06-21 12:39:47
WOW.  what could you possibly be so butthurt about that my showing interest in some random product means you have to show up and tell me how stupid I am for it?  Did your girlfriend break up with you or something?  Clearly it sucks to be you and I'm sorry that you are stuck hanging out with yourself all day.  Must be hard.
@_date: 2014-03-13 10:51:53
There are early adopters but they are treated no differently than any other user.  They can't double spend, they can't loan new money, they have no privilege.  All users follow the same set of rules.  This is not even remotely true of the current financial system.
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:18:39
It's not cheaper, easier, or faster to use bit message than it is to use email.  The only major difference (for the average user) is security.  Though this is paid for by being slower and having a far smaller scale of communication.  (Can't send video files over bit message)
Bitcoin, OpenBazaar, Tox, and Storj are very different IMO.  They don't experience the disadvantages but they do provide significant advantages.  Or those advantages far outweigh the limitations at the beginning of their development.  A completely lack of EBay's %10 fee and no censorship is no laughing matter.  OpenBazaar has insane advantages with those alone.  The speed and cheap cost of Bitcoin transactions, again without censorship, can't be rivaled with anything in the legacy system.  The bottlenecks in and out of other currencies are falling away every month which are making it even more efficient.  Then Storj and Tox present major security advantages (as I understand they do so *without* sacrificing speed).  In fact tox looks *more* capable than Skype, although I haven't used it so I have very limited knowledge.  
The point is, Bitmessage has serious limitations and while it does increase security it also severely slows down time to receive messages.  It is difficult to use, and rather than adding features to email, it actually takes away a lot of the widely used features like attachments.  Consumers won't switch to an inferior product.  
You are probably right about Bitmessage, but your blanket association to a bunch of other projects is ridiculous and uninformed.  
I need to add however that your comment is oddly worded and no sarcasm is denoted.  I'm unsure of your standpoint for the last 2 sentences so I'm responding to the beginning of your post.
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:35:23
How do you make an in person payment then?  do you manually type the address in?  or msg the address?
@_date: 2014-11-18 17:51:42
Thank god, now I can rest easy.  /s
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:11:09
No it doesn't matter.  It is about percentages and nothing else.  The people who are investing thousands probably have thousands to lose.  If you judge investments based on dollars gained and lost without absolutely only focusing on percentage changed then your doing it wrong.  
"average total amount invested" is irrelevant, it just means more people with more money are in the game as well.  It doesnt fix your very false claim that the fall from $32 to $2 was bigger than our current fall.  If your intent was to claim there is a larger community and more people invested that stand to lose then you simply spoke wrong.  But on an individual basis and investment risk this is largely irrelevant (except for assessing ability to exit the market and the volume available to do so which doesn't apply to what you stated earlier)
I'm assuming that your thought process was simply that there are collectively billions of dollars on the line now rather than a few million, which is correct and makes since.  But the way you are trying to portray it is incorrect and it still doesn't apply to individuals deciding whether or not to hodl or sell.  In fact, it would back up my argument that today is still a far better situation, seeing as how there *is* more invested and therefore more people who want bitcoin to succeed.  Their percentage gain or loss and the fundamentals of the investment are all that matter.
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:52:52
My AhHa moment was in 2010 when i realized that the blockchain was the real value behind it.  I was already excited with it as a currency.  But, when i finally "saw" how contracts, stocks, dividends, organizations, other protocols, decentralized marketplaces, smart property, and literally an infinite number of applications regarding practically any contractual agreement between both human beings *and machines* could all be done securely and quickly over the blockchain... I was like, "holy fuck," [zips up space suit]
@_date: 2014-03-23 17:39:23
True of course, but they had to actually "openly" steal the coins.  It certainly sucks ass and they have gained their wealth immorally.  However the system itself, especially in long term when the economy matures further, is far less susceptible to corruption.  Their actions can in fact be defended against, we simply have more work to do.  Bitcoin is decentralized, therefore the problems *can* actually be solved.  Good luck, however, trying to fix the federal reserve.
Second, I was responding to the comments that are posted like the one I "summarized."  The argument would be far more valid if they were more often complaining of the scammers and hackers you mention, *actual* moral violations.  Unfortunately they only seem to ever be mad about the "early adopters," and "speculators."  Peculiar really, you bring up an excellent point though.
@_date: 2014-03-14 13:27:34
Sigh... Did you really just call Bitcoin a pyramid scheme?  Ok, I'm done now.
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:39:46
How complicated was your password?  We're you using the same password as an email account associated with it? Are there any other details you can give us that might make it easier to see what happened and why?
EDIT:  it appears that the transaction happened only 34 minutes after the funds were moved to the address.  Is it possible your computer is compromised and/or is this an old Blockchain wallet that has been used before?  It's very unlikely that this was compromised within 30 minutes of the transaction being made, more than likely it happened much earlier and/or a bot was farming easy passwords.  What else can you tell us?
Advice: never put a lot of Bitcoin into any single online wallet.  I know hearing something like that just burns after you've lost that much coin and it is probably obvious at this point.   
CORRECTION: it looks like the coins were moved very quickly after the first hack.  Hard to go through Blockchain on an iPhone.  When the wrong way through the transactions.  Post your address from the wallet and coinbase so it's easier to follow the whole tree and confirm everything.
@_date: 2014-10-13 20:09:44
In your scenario they are fighting against violence.  The assumption of your argument is that without some institution writing stuff on paper and then enforcing those dictates under the threat and initiation of violence then we could never protect ourselves from violence.  And this is despite how strongly people desire to feel safe.  IMO this assumption is ridiculous.  I do understand why you might see it that way, I certainly believed the same for probably 20 or more years of my life.   But there is no "bad with the good" as you may think.  **If I refuse to pay the people who "keep me safe" they immediately become the people I need protection from.** This means I am neither free nor safe and their "service" is actually ruling authority and any "good deeds" are in fact derived from evil.
Short answer: yes, all monopolistic government is evil as a system whether they do good deeds or not.  And you are correct that people and funds within government have at many times worked for good. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:44:58
You are right that this community shuns away the current regulators, but the regulators aren't much for reliability when it comes to ensuring good financial practices.  It creates an odd problem, rejecting largely the only system that currently exists to filter the good and bad businesses means having no base to start from.  As is obviously apparent, it creates a vast array of "possible" solutions and a buttload of failures.   
However, that being said, there is a lot of progress and standard practices are beginning to make an appearance.  Multi-signature transactions and proxy-wallets where the service doesn't hold your keys are becoming popular quickly.  The  online wallet has been reliable and has no access to its user's bitcoins. The provable-solvency concept is being expanded quickly with tons of new innovative ideas and most of the major exchanges have allowed audits to garner trust from customers.
It's a work in progress, but there have been many big leaps in the face of another explosion of scams recently.  I think this is largely inevitable though.  First due to the infancy of our little economy, but second because of the sheer speed of growth.  It's easy to scam people because of the volume and speed of funds moving into the Bitcoin space.  
It's easy to get confused around here and the businesses and programs haven't even been around long enough to gather many reviews.  It will come with time, some pain, frustration, and many many conversations about this very topic.  
IMO the future still looks very promising to me and I think our major problems are solvable.
@_date: 2014-03-19 12:55:42
Have they released a statement to warn against keeping money in the bank?  There is a very high risk that the money will be stolen.  Consumers should really be informed of these things for their protection.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:57:14
Penis size and Bitcoin have nothing to do with each other.  
The ability to print money and/or issue debt by the government and the likelihood of going to war are very dependent on each other.  Bitcoin can be used to stifle the ability to fund wars of aggression.  Not perfect, but definitely related. 
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:30:37
Not sure if trolling... or just very new to Bitcoin price fluctuations.
@_date: 2014-11-28 15:01:34
But... but... Inflating currency is supposed to *increase* spending.  Is this not true?  NOTHING MAKES SENSE ANYMORE!!!
@_date: 2014-12-02 18:44:54
Believing a group of politicians with the authority to force the people to pay for anything they deem "for the greater good" under the threat of theft, imprisonment, or death doesn't?   That if we just have *them* distribute the money then everyone will have free and infinite healthcare, that we will all be perfectly fed and happy, that there will be no violence or distrust?  You think this *doesn't* sound like religious insanity?  The government actually *does* imprison and beat you if you disobey.
Plenty of people falsely believe the idea that a "free market" will be some sort of utopia.  This is obviously ridiculous.  The free market is full of all the same scammers, trolls, opportunists, and greedy corporatists as any population.  The difference is incentives.  Without a monopoly governing institution there is no one to lobby to for protectionist laws that make Time Warner the only available broadband.  There is no politican to buy that will write a bill that effectively monopolizes the entire financial industry and gives the issuance of a country's money to a bank, and then subsequently imprisons for life all those who "coin" their own competitive currency when unhappy with the monopolized product.  (even worse is it was done under the selling tactic that it would "Break the Banking Trust" - yet the bill was written by the leaders of the major banks)
The free market isn't perfect, its just a better operating system for governance than one that is monopolized under the threat of violence.  Respecting individual freedom, protecting people from violence, and allowing free association and property rights is simply a more efficient and better way to achieve common goals then getting a group of rich pricks to tell us all what to do or beat us if we don't submit. Turns out the latter just ends up corrupted and horrifically wasteful... go figure.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:19:11
First, now that you mention it I do remember reading an extensive and boring report on the "overnight loan" issue that you are referring to.  Unfortunately I don't remember enough of it to add anything that isn't conjecture to the conversation regarding that.
Second, yes Social Security is most definitely a ponzi scheme.  A ponzi scheme is when you promise investors a high return without any way to actually achieve it and pay the old investors with money from new participants... Social Security is The very definition of a ponzi scheme.
Third, I guess it's fair to call MtGox a scheme if they simply run off with the coin without answering anyone's questions or providing any proof.  Too early to tell there I guess.
Finally, the Fed is still buying bad loans and saturating the financial markets with roughly 80 billions every month.  The banks are still in a bad way and during the initial crises if I remember correctly something like 100 separate banks either merged or were outright purchased to bring the number down to 7 or 8 major banks in the US.  Not to mention the consequences of the misallocation of an astounding amount of resources is far from over and IMO is going to get a lot worse.  
@_date: 2014-08-14 20:12:27
Intentions are irrelevant.  If we want a system that requires every player to have both angelic intentions as well as all the skills and ideas necessary to succeed, society will collapse in short order.  What we want is a system where you can only profit by providing something useful, whether you intend to or not.   This makes bad people inconsequential, and limits their ability to lay the costs of their actions onto others.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:32:07
Cannabis tests take like 2-3 minutes.  Taking one for work had results sent to my employer within the hour.  Plus you can buy one at any local drug store.  These also take just a few minutes.  Not sure where you got the idea it takes so long.  
---The tests I'm referring to are all urine tests.  I also know of blood tests and saliva tests though do not know the specifics of test length or accuracy.
@_date: 2014-09-07 12:01:34
Also localbitcoins acts as little more than an escrow agent themselves.  So there's no reason why they couldnt offer their services on OpenBazaar while simultaneously running the site which still does have a benefit over OpenBazaar, because it connects you to *local* people.
As far as being pessimistic about people doing the "smart" thing - I think you are, in fact, just being pessimistic, lol.  In your comment alone you mentioned that there are multiple darknet markets today that have escrow whereas the feature clearly wasn't available a very short time ago.  The centralized ones are more popular because they are easier to use and could very well have been available before the multi-sig alternatives were an option.  don't forget security isnt the number one value of a marketplace, the network is.  People will take a hit on security (especially if its something they arent used to/ are not sure how to use) if a different market gives them more vendors to choose from.  
The change to multi-sig escrow and a more complex system of online transactions, even if more secure, doesn't happen overnight.  And people are already taking a risk in the dark markets by purchasing illegal goods.  They know such risks come with the territory but are willing to take them to participate in the more popular markets.  Don't forget users may still be doing the "smart" thing by keeping far less bitcoin under the control of the marketplaces, whereas before i heard many stories of people leaving a lot of (or ALL of) their coins just sitting in their darknet wallets for months.  Don't expect every problem to be solved in exactly the method you think it should be.  And also don't forget that people *are* now using decentralized multi-sig escrow markets.  And we both know they are likely to still be around when the next hacks occur.  Change will come, but pessimism wont help it ;)
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:56:59
Probably, but you make it seem baseless when I have my whole life worth of political experience as well as an additional 150-200 years worth of bad incentives and bad regulation to go on.  
If I am to take the free market approach and judge a company by its reputation could you possibly blame me for not trusting them after a single hearing of seemingly good "attitudes?"  Who says these people will write the regulations that get passed?
If a man screws me over, lies to me, and defrauds me say, 150 times... Am I rude and biased for not giving him a 151st opportunity to violently enforce his arbitrary bullshit into my life?
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:36:39
Well yeah same with housing prices but that doesn't mean the prices are accurate.  
@_date: 2014-07-28 15:25:52
Aaannnnd it's gone
@_date: 2014-08-23 22:21:15
If a bank buys a house and sells it to another person and provides liquidity for markets then that is totally ok.  In fact I agree completely that such a thing is very valuable.  But you are either naive or simply misinformed if you were claiming that every house they buy comes from real money earned elsewhere in the economy.  Maybe you haven't heard of the Federal Reserve but they loan *trillions* backed by nothing and subsequently control the interest rate economy wide.  When the banks get that money at %0 interest they then loan it to the commoner for a significantly higher rate.
New money, loaned to special groups absolutely free of charge.  This would allow me to loan you a million without having anything to back it. I just need the *permission* from the right powerful people.
There is clearly such a service as "banking" that doesn't involve theft so obviously that is not what I'm referring to.  but you are completely disregarding and/or ignoring where trillions of dollars in the economy actually originate.  It's in the account of a bank that backs it with nothing and never earns it.  They lend it into existence.  The federal reserve, can in fact, and does, to an astonishing degree, create money out of thin fucking air.
@_date: 2014-02-15 16:49:28
Also, the Byzantine generals problem is unsolvable ;)
Edit: I don't think my sarcasm was obvious enough.  Everyone thought it was impossible to solve, but Bitcoin solved it. I'm suggesting the same regarding your unsolvable problem.  I don't think latency necessarily has to be a problem in distributed networks.  It simply needs a creative solution.
@_date: 2014-03-23 17:32:03
I don't associate currency with morality, I associate stealing with morality.  Bitcoin is simply a technology that prevents a very pervasive and destructive form of theft that has been wholly entrenched into society.  The suggestion that we can break free from that is, in fact, monumental.  Bitcoin isn't a magical power it's a better lock that can make us safer from a thief.  
I was specifically saying that I *dont* believe people should be financially equal.  I'm not sure where you got some socialist "everybody should have the same amount of money independent from their production of value" in what I posted.  That could only ever be achieved by controlling every transaction and dictating what price should be paid, which means there is no real economy and the very ability to produce would be destroyed.  
If free trade was *truly* prevented, society would collapse.  That's all society is really, cooperation between individuals so that one person can make a sandwich, another can build houses, another can make computers, and another provides water and yet each of them can have all 4 things by trading with the other.  Otherwise everyone could only ever have that which they could make themselves by hand.  Hardly an ideal situation... Though we would be closer to financially equal of course ;)
@_date: 2014-11-30 17:07:01
I wonder if the tiny elite of the government and churches a few hundred years ago rolled their eyes when the printing press was invented and the suggestion was made that the average citizen would soon be able to read and write?  I wonder if they rolled their eyes at the belief that millions of brilliant ideas would come out of opening the world of literature to everyone?
Bitcoin and the Internet are part of a natural progression of technology pushing towards greater decentralization and the permeation and utilization of new ideas throughout society.  This is actually the trend of life in general, towards more complexity, higher adaptability, and more decentralized systems of order.  Societal structure is absolutely a technology that has progressed in much the same way.  It is the operating system for interaction between individuals.  The tech we are currently using is outdated, horrifically destructive, imbalanced, and inefficient.  If we continue down this path without change, we won't survive.  
But all the pieces are coming into place for a society that remains decentralized, globally balanced, informed, and adaptive.  And most importantly, power will be *actually* democratically distributed.  We have thousands of examples of decentralized organization and association without hierarchical authority structures all over the Internet and new economies.  Even many software companies are taking these structures because they are so much more efficient and progress occurs much faster.  This is all what is referred to as "crypto-anarchy" and it's happening right now within companies, associations, and entire industries.  It is currently testing the 2 last bastions of centralized insanity which are financial and political power.  If you think this massive shift is going to just stop and leave your government intact and using the same slow, stupid, easily corruptible, and incoherent incentives then you are sorely mistaken.  "Crypto-anarchy" will be here whether you think organizing society should be run by a religious or political elite or not, because it won't be.  In the same way that the entire modern world has divorced themselves from the idea that their leaders should be chosen by God and birthright and have totalitarian control; so too will the political agency, committee, and voting systems of today be ancient history in short order.  
I'm sorry to break it to you, but statism is going the way of the fax machine.  Just because you choose not to imagine or consider the implications of cryptographic technology doesn't mean everyone else is just as narrow-minded.  If the systems are possible, someone will eventually build them.  Many have already been started, some are already maturing, all of them will eventually exist.  As the billions of impoverished, persecuted, and unheard peoples of the world find their equal voice and freedom of association on the Internet, their economic power in decentralized currency, and their freedom in cryptographic ownership - the torrent of decentralization will wash over government like a minor nuisance.  You may not call it crypto-anarchy, but you will likely live in it all the same.  
@_date: 2014-07-05 11:49:01
"Then you are not with the United States."
The "United States" doesn't believe one thing.   In fact there are millions of opinions and beliefs.  If someone said you weren't "with the US" because you weren't a democrat despite our president's political stance, would that make any sense to you?  I'm agnostic, does that make me "not of the US" based on your narrow idea of it?  
That being said.  I don't really care whether I am or am not affiliated with an arbitrary piece of dirt.  And I certainly would rather not be associated with the nonsensical dictates of a group of rich tyrants who selectively distribute and feed off of the power to counterfeit currency and force others to use it.   I declared independence from my country a number of years ago now.  
"Where liberty reigns, there is my country."
-Benjamin Franklin
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:39:37
... Fractional reserve banking didn't build anything, people build things.  Fractional Reserve Banking did create multiple decade long economic bubbles, it did encourage remarkable amounts of loaned money that poured into certain subsidized industries and caused horrific price increases that continue today.  such as tuition, medical equipment and services, housing, and gas.  And in the meantime, every person who built the houses, made the food, created the businesses, networked the communication systems, and produced our entire economy of goods is somehow indebted to a group of bankers who didn't lift a finger to create even one thing in that economy.  How could that be? How could we all be in debt, the builders, the service providers, and the workers all be in debt to bankers to the tune of 5 times what is produced every year.   Where did that money come from? Where is the value that was saved to loan to us?  When did they gain the right to loan us money that they never earned?  How could we owe them a car or a house that they never built or made?  Why do the rich get richer and the poor continue to get poorer?  Why is all our increased productivity still result in a decrease of nominal wages?
No sir, fractional reserve banking did not create anything around me.  Innovative and hard working people combined with the ability to trade created anything and everything around us.  Fractional reserve banking simply made all of those innovative and hard working people debtors to a collection of bankers who have the monopolistic right to create loans with nothing at all to back them.  
The economy is the means to all of our ends.  There is no goal or dream that you have that doesn't require economic cooperation to achieve.  Money is the very foundation of the economy.  It is designed to put objective numbers to productive endeavors in order to make trade occur faster, smarter, and with fewer outside influences.  It is the language of the economy.  You cannot imagine the far reaching and disastrous effects that can come from manipulating and arbitrarily creating our monetary unit at a whim or in the form of debt.  It is the most profound and destructive power that exists.  It can render useless the most efficient manufacturing system in the world by eliminating the ability to accurately price a product and subsequently purchase was is needed to build it.  Printing money at a whim can park delivery trucks, remove the fuel from power plants, empty grocery store shelves, and wipe out the ability to save for the future.   Read about the Weimar Republic, about the Soviet Union, the Roman Empire, Zimbabwe, France, China, Japan, and nearly every other country in the world.  There isn't a single one that hasn't destroyed the economy through manipulation of the money.  Not one has survived without a debt crises and/or unbridled money printing starving thousands or millions in order to keep the politically powerful wealthy.   America is not immune and our story isn't special.   We will pay the same price that everyone pays when you create debt from thin air to pay for projects when there is no money available.  The dollar has in the past served as a medium of exchange that made our economy faster and more efficient.  Fractional Reserve banking has turned that economy into a nuclear bomb.  Never before has this occurred at such an unbelievable scale.  America takes the cake when it comes to debt crises.  Hopefully we will learn something from history and bad money will be wiped from the world.  It's a long shot for Bitcoin maybe, but I'm hopeful.
@_date: 2014-07-24 22:45:56
Better to have multiple networks operate in tandem rather than depend on each other and therefore be subject to the other's faults, problems, and hiccups.
I think they made the right choice on an absolutely critical piece of the network design.   No reason not to have another coin backed by a different network that's robust and useful for a different reason.
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:40:26
Debt is mispriced for a very obvious and unsustainable reason.  The price of debt is under government price controls, and is issued arbitrarily by a single institution.  


Actually its nothing at all like gold.  Gold is scarce, government debt is not, and gold isn't mispriced just because its got a high price.  I do actually think its mispriced, but only because Goldman Sachs alone has more gold notes available on the market than there are known gold deposits on Earth.  There is a lot of evidence to suggest *multiple* banks are printing "paper" gold notes that aren't backed by real gold.  Meaning the price is actually artificially *low.*
The fiat problems and our debt system wont, in any way, last another 2500 years.  Honestly, i don't think it will last another 10.  Time will tell i guess.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:38:21
I wouldn't bet anything, but your argument that "it's a deflationary currency" works against you.  It's called the Wealth Effect.  People spend more when their money increases in value because they see it as profit.  This has been proven again and again in the Bitcoin economy.  The argument that people will only "hoard it" is just a really old theory that's been repeated and repeated a million times yet never had evidence to back it in a stable and predictable money supply.  So if Bitcoin continues to significantly increase in value, he could very easily be correct about his assumptions.
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:11:19
First, These are all subjective problems.  You are claiming that buffet's purchases, investments, or decisions are not as valid as yours because you are hurt financially by his decisions.  Yet if he cannot change the supply of money, then it is no different than a million poor people making the same decision.  If the Lira lost value because a thousand or a million people decided it wasn't worth their investment then should the supply be manipulated to keep you from losing money still?  What's the difference between many small investments and a few big ones?  This isn't manipulation per se.  You can *believe* he makes his decisions with malicious intent.  You can *believe* he is deliberately trying to take money from you, and are probably very inclined to do so if your angry from losing your savings or being caught in a bad spot.  Everyone who is hurting wants someone to blame.  But what does buffet believe?  What about other investors?  What if he knows something about the currency that you don't because he watches and hunts for information regarding his investments 24/7?  What if his decision is completely sensible but it still means you lose money?
Second, you are referring to actions that occurred within an easily manipulated, secretive, non-finite financial environment filled with unbacked derivatives and other complexities.  This cannot be reasonably applied to Bitcoin as the market is young, illiquid, and works wildly different than both the currency and financial market in question.  Maybe your problem is already fixed through stable supply?  
Third, The rich bankers and political elite of the world gain their power through manipulating the supply of money.  Having a stable supply is the best and only way to "protect us from the buffets of the world" fairly and without corruption or error.  It is the only way to treat all players and all decisions as equal and without falling victim to subjective ideas of who's a "good guy" and who's a "bad guy."  What if we are wrong?  I used to think the Fed was a "good guy" and a lot of people still do.  How does this algorithm decide who is right?
TL;DR. Your algorithm sounds nice in a world where no one is confused, all information is perfectly accurate and known to all, and there are no disputes to be had over financial decisions.  But if that world existed then we wouldn't need prices in the first place.  Now if you think you can figure out how to design such a complex and intelligent algorithm that can distinguish coins sitting in a stored address from deleted coins or hacked coins, can distinguish malicious financial decisions over innocent bystanders, and can help those in need and hurt the wrong doers all while keeping the price mechanism intact then please send me a link to the white paper.  Otherwise let's just stick with just one currency, seriously let's just have at least *one* form of money, that has a stable and predictable supply.  Before we go running off trying to figure out how to print more of the first money in a thousand years that *cant* be arbitrarily printed, let's just use it as sound, unbiased money for at least a little while.
@_date: 2014-02-18 17:10:55
And yet they remain the only exchange and/or online wallet service practically anywhere that is still having this problem... hmm... me thinky MtGox is full of shit.
@_date: 2014-02-13 23:40:23
Why can't they just be ignorant about how Bitcoin works and why it's valuable?  Why is the default reasoning always that they are "scared it will take their power away?"
This quote always comes to mind: "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence."  - Napoleon
@_date: 2014-08-24 18:26:41
Agreed pretty much.  The real problem IMO isn't *exactly* the bailout though.  I think the bailout is more a *symptom* of the problem.  The real problem is the monopoly on printing money.  They (the banking giants) have written themselves all the laws necessary to ensure if anyone attempts to compete with them they earn themselves a "go directly to Jail and do not pass go" card.  The bailout is just a consequence of having to prop up the government granted monopoly so as to not have to deal with a global financial meltdown and/or have to admit trillions of dollars worth of fraud a century of soft tyranny... At least for another 10 years or so.  
Edit:  Feel like I need to add that fractional reserve banking will almost always end in a Goxxing.   Yes it can be done "mildly."  But running on negative assets to back your customers money hardly ever (I don't know of any times at least) ends in anything but bankruptcy. Yes you can run a business that way, but I must add that it's a horrible idea.
@_date: 2014-01-30 03:08:17
Not in the least.  Do you truly think a few mildly interested political officials will ensure always having very friendly and open regulation for competing decentralized currencies when it starts to really make a difference?
You can call me untrustworthy or assuming if you like, but I have reason to be.  I however could call you very naive. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:36:43
Just because someone is optimistic about coming out of a number of bad events doesn't mean they have a "all news is good news attitude."    Honestly he's got a very good point.  With one bad report after another for an entire week the price drop hasn't reflected much of a loss of confidence.  Of course there was a price drop, but it did more to remove weaknesses in the community than actually hurt any real infrastructure or reveal any detrimental problem with the protocol.
If I am wrong here then please explain.
Bitcoin itself has proved very resilient in the face of this.  Some wallet software needs to be updated and an exchange that everyone lost faith in over a year ago is finally going out of business.  These are not impossible problems to deal with.  Markets move in growth periods and recessions. (Not the decade long debt crisis recessions we have, different story different cause)  In a natural economy those recessions are very important.   They weed out wasteful spending and remove the weak players from the marketplace.  This is exactly what OP is talking about and he provided no sensationalism or talks of a billion dollar price tag.  All that was said. Was that he feels encouraged and believes the Bitcoin community and infrastructure will come back more robust and better prepared for other bugs in the future.  
And honestly, I agree with OP.    Now I know the "Bitcoin religious fanatics everything good for Bitcoin To The Moon!!" Drum is really fun to beat on.  But you don't have to bring it out for every assessment of Bitcoin that suggests it might survive this relatively small blip in the long term.
@_date: 2014-09-22 22:59:31
Donated $20 (50,000 bits)
Ive been putting it off, thanks for the reminder :)
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:38:56
More importantly is because their excuse is *anonymity.*  they think people shouldn't be allowed privacy because it means they are doing something wrong.  Which suggests stopping Tor usage wouldn't be their only goal but to stop privacy in general.  Bitcoin is money outside the financial system used almost universally in every darknet market in the world now... So... Post is entirely relevant and I'm very glad it was posted here.
@_date: 2014-03-22 10:39:03
Nothing like having a competitor that just guesses at what the transaction price should be and then spends years and millions of dollars arguing over whether their guess is "fair" or not. 
Lol, we will win this fight with our eyes closed and our hands behind our backs.
@_date: 2014-06-02 23:24:12
News to me actually.  My knowledge of darkcoin was limited.  Darkcoin being closed source does bother me very much.  I didn't know this until now.  May actually keep me from getting involved.  Thanks for the warning, I will have to consider this.
@_date: 2014-01-05 18:13:36
Seriously!  Wtf?  Did they not even visit the website?  And its not like they made the mistake once or something either.  A third of the damn article is about "BitPlay."
@_date: 2014-09-23 20:41:21
This only happened because someone wrote an article about Bitcoin being dead today.  If China bans it again tomorrow expect to see over $600 in the next day or two.
@_date: 2014-06-21 02:46:23
This company is awesome.  The cube sensors are super interesting.  I would have never thought of something like that but it's an incredibly enticing technology.  Having that much data about your house could be very useful.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:32:19
Using someones home without permission or borrowing something are absolutely theft.  There's not a question there if it is or isn't.  It certainly calls for aggression to return the property.  
As far as software or media, I certainly do agree that it's my property if I make it.  If I make a movie then that's my damn movie.  My problem is the method to enforce that property if I still retain it and someone else hasn't stolen it.  I certainly have the right to protect my film and method of distribution but only through encryption, trusted distributors, security, and whatever other method.  Not through aggression against those who have found a copy somewhere.   
It's very difficult to make a digital analogy to physical property but this comes pretty close IMO.  Imagine I made movie and poorly secured it and someone made a copy before release. Then by clicking a button it was buried in the backyards of everyone in the world.  Then a lot of people found out and started digging in their yards, finding the movie.  Enforcing copyright here would be the equivalent of finding out who has been digging in their yards and fine them for thousands of dollars.  Now the person who *initially* copied my movie was in fact doing so *without* my permission.  They have invaded *my* digital property and made a copy of it.  They have used my property without my consent which should be considered theft as surely as taking someone's car.  But everyone else online cannot be considered the same because they found it on a public website, private forum, free storage website, or sharing community.  Otherwise you would have to prosecute every pawn shop in the world for selling stuff that someone else has stolen.
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:58:33
I've always been fond of the 80-20 rule myself but I would go the other direction.  I would put 80% into my Bitcoin savings and spend/live off the other 20%.  
I might take a good portion of that savings and invest in a different project though.  Maybe in the cryptoconomy space and alt-chain projects or possibly something more basic like a rental property.  Though I've always had an idea in my mind to make an indoor farm where people come in and pick their own fruit and vegetables.  We have a farm nearby with low prices that does this exact thing and it is *insanely* popular.  I might finally do something with that idea.
@_date: 2014-04-15 10:30:09
Awesome!  
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:52:04
*Enforcing* standards and regulations don't fix problems, they embed them.  Because of course all we need to fix our problems are mandatory fractional reserve banking, million dollar bonds and 15 licenses to open new exchanges (ensuring lots of competition), and a debt to GDP ratio of roughly 500%.  /s
Your talking about the internet here saying standards don't happen without regulation?? Really?  Have you been to the internet?  TCP/IP Became a standard without anyone forcing it on us.  HTML became a standard in direct opposition to one supported and subsidized by the government.  Bitcoin is **searching** for the standards right now.  You think this shit happens without trial and error?  Where are the Bitcoin gods that will enforce the perfect security rules?  Will the NSA ensure we all have awesome wallet security and practices?
If you think you can find a few guys that can rule over the entire Bitcoin economy and enforce all the rules necessary to ensure we never have problems then *you* are delusional.  They already do such a great job with credit card security and identity theft!   
Bitcoin is still brand new and we're making progress about a thousand fold faster than any government committee could or *is* for that matter.  You think the regulators understand Bitcoin better, lol?  Your in 1910 complaining that the Ford model-T doesn't have air conditioning and gps.  
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:04:56
It's how transitions between very different networks have to occur.  This was obviously a first step to making it work efficiently and scale easily for the majority of users.  The marketplace itself didn't suddenly become easier to shut down.   
I could just as easily complain people are still using centralized ISPs to access it.  I think it is more important to have it up and running and accessible to many people so we can see, in practice, where the most progress is needed and where it's biggest weaknesses are.  You don't perfect decentralized markets by not using them.  
Edit: Just wanted to add that the full node argument is a good analogy.
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:56:35
I don't know.  It still seems like a backward thought process on money.  
First, the concept of a problem is completely subjective.  It is totally dependent on individuals involved and can be completely different based on the perspective. 
Second, trying to make an algorithm that adjusts to temporary spikes in demand or "problems" would defeat the purpose of the price mechanism.  The whole point of the pricing mechanism is to respond to demand in such a way that we are incentivized to change our behaviors based on changes in reality.  
For example: Say we have a bad storm and the price of wood goes up because everyone needs a lot of wood to rebuild their homes and no one was keeping an extra 2 million tons just lying around.  The price goes up which encourages truckers or loggers or just speculators to buy cheap lumber somewhere else and pay exorbitant shipping costs to get it immediately to the area where it's in high demand.  They do this because high prices ensure they receive value in return for investing in a lot of lumber, risking their time and wealth, moving it long distances, and finding people who need it.  Any economic downturn is basically this same concept.  It is based on some sort of imbalance that is revealed and corrected through the price system, even for those who are completely unaware of it happening.  Someone who wants to remodel their kitchen might simply not buy the lumber because the price is high, having no idea there was a hurricane hundreds of miles away.  Therefore this person isn't wasting wood on a non-critical kitchen makeover when others need it to rebuild destroyed homes.
The pricing mechanism does an amazing job of balancing the economy and is how we correctly determine economic information.   Money itself is useless without being able to exchange it something for it.  Trying to manipulate supply of the money to control the price in order to change or manipulate the demand doesn't gain us any useful information or provide any productive incentive.  It's simply allowing the money to control the price rather than the demand of whatever economy, product, or need that the price is adjusting for.  What we want is reality to tell us something through the price mechanism, not to control the price mechanism so we can *think* we made some change to reality.
IMO that's based on the central banker idea of money.  That manipulating prices fixes problems.  I believe prices respond to problems, so we can change reality to fix the price.
@_date: 2014-01-20 14:43:13
That's certainly the practical reason behind the law being outdated but the fundamental reason is far more stupid.  
We as a community can change a definition or accept a new technology just by reaching some sort of social consensus and others can freely accept/reject the change at their leisure.  
With law however, one must spend years or decades trying to fight with the stubbornness and monopolistic authority of an outdated and narrow-minded bureaucrat who's opinion you absolutely *must* sway before even having the permission to entertain an alternate opinion.  Look how long it has taken with file-sharing (how's the progress going?) or signal band regulation and licensing, or personal aircraft (completely shutdown innovation since the 70s).
So I agree that it takes time to change someone's opinion or understanding of something, which is definitely to be expected.  But to do the same thing in government is painstakingly slow, exhaustive, and complete waste of time and energy that history shows will generally result in negative progress. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 13:58:25
Breaking News! 
"Sat, 01 Sept, 2012"
@_date: 2014-02-14 00:10:48
Ignorant doesn't mean stupid.  I am not suggesting that they have lacking skills in their fields of interest.  Or that they do not actively pursue social status and political position.  I wouldn't be able to say anything conclusive one way or another.  
I simply mean their statements suggest they are ignorant of Bitcoin, which a vast majority of people are, regardless of their intelligence.  
@_date: 2014-08-27 04:36:53
But $20 would still cost $0.05.  I get that in your example the percentages are the same, but you can't remove amount from the equation.  When I buy gum I don't stop to look or calculate the 8% sales tax.  But when I'm buying a 40" flat screen TV, every tax and fee I might have is being calculated and rounded up so that I'm not surprised when that $599 TV checks out at the register for $723. 
Simple version: I don't think many customers will try to buy something for $1 online and then stop at the checkout and go "WHAT!! A 5% fee!!  you've got to be kidding!?"
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:06:53
Yeah, but you've been to reddit right?  Every single subreddit I go to says exactly this: people only post shit, too many memes, misleading titles, and "this subreddit used to be awesome but you guys screwed it up."
I do understand to some degree, but all of reddit has these problems basically, and every subreddit seems to talk about the "good ol' days." 
Banning the word "Bitcoin" in r/technology is like banning the word "Apple" because there are too many fanboys.
Honestly it's kind of dumb IMO.
@_date: 2014-11-14 01:12:55
If reddit memes control his decisions regarding whether he should buy or sell his investments, then he should definitely not be investing in things.  I am equally surprised that he doubled his principle.
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:51:45
Yeah that might have done it.  Have you made Bitcoin posts on Facebook?  Did you post the coinbase notification to your wall?
@_date: 2014-08-07 13:57:00
I'm curious what the complete layout of the fee changes are.  Can you post a before/after breakdown?
@_date: 2014-08-09 22:43:55
Well yeah it's fixed but it's fixed to forever decrease.  
Edit: also, volume does not necessarily increase volatility.  The number of mined coins hasn't changed during times of insane volatility and prolonged stability.  Like you said the payout has been fixed during these times.  No sensible connection can be made between the two.
In fact, higher volume tends to decrease volatility (though not as a rule).  The more coins being exchanged then the less effect a large buyer/seller has on the market.
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:52:04
My dad told me I was dumb at $2.  My brother, him, and myself had many many arguments about money, politics, and Bitcoin literally every day for a few months.  We convinced him to put a portion of his savings into it around $5 after the first bubble burst.  
He called me the other day and thanked me for fighting with him so persistently :)
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:08:58
How long have you been around?  Reputations mean something and anyone is right to be skeptical from a brand new account claiming the largest exchange is about to close down and its owner arrested.   
No one is saying you can't share your thoughts if your new to reddit, in fact, I appreciate that you made an account (as well as OP) in order to participate.  But skepticism in this world is equally valuable and with all the pump and dump schemes, hacks, phishing, and FUD that rolls through this place, its important to take *anyone's* opinion with a grain of salt.
IMO, this is why I believe the next big move is a decentralized, Internet-wide, reputation based identity ledger.  It would make a world of difference in this context because no one would have to make a *reddit account*.  Instead you would have an *internet identity* (or a few of them) and they would build a history and a reputation over every site you participate in.  People would have better information with which to make informed decisions, without having to debate with the trustworthiness of every comment from a "new account."
@_date: 2014-01-20 18:39:17
Find me a single example inn history where natural deflation caused problems.  I can find dozens where debt based deflation had catastrophic results but I don't know of a single example of a poor economy due to prices dropping as a result of a sound and stable currency.
@_date: 2014-08-15 21:35:44
I have to disagree outright with pretty much everything you said.  first:


I think that's a ridiculous statement.  For starters, Bitcoin is open source, anyone can develop apps or software for or around it, and computer security is one of the fundamental parts of our networks that has had the least amount of improvement, specifically because there hasn't been a very great incentive to do so.  Until recently, there just wasn't a lot of incredibly valuable files being stored on everyone's computers.  When money becomes a file on people's computers, security will enter a new world of innovation and ideas.  There is so much room for groundbreaking innovation in the security space that this statement seems silly to me.  Neither I nor you could possibly imagine what standard, idiot proof computer security practices might be in a few years.  Makes me think of someone saying no one will use email because who is going to remember which smtp server they have to send it to in the 90s.  


... well, first part means your bank has the control and not you.  This also makes you susceptible to things like bank collapses when they leverage themselves 40 to 1 (your bank probably is btw, or maybe worse, they wont have that money when depositors come calling).  So a phone number might not save you.  Second, tech support is nothing new.  Do you have no way of contacting someone over an email problem?  Is it a barren wasteland of empty call centers?  Third, I'm not sure why you think "nobody has ultimate control" over a bitcoin wallet... cuz actually... I do.  In fact I know, absolutely, that i am the *only* person who has that control. 


There are a lot of countries and a lot of currencies (far more than not actually) that are in exactly the opposite position than what you seem to assume is the norm.  You forget that far more money has been stolen through counterfeit notes than through direct theft or emptying of a bank account.  How do you measure the theft when a gallon of gas goes from $1.40 to $3.70 in 8 years?  When a stable currency shows that prices should naturally fall, how do you compare "losing money?"  That's a bold statement full of little more than status quo impressions of society, which rarely, if ever, have any correlation to facts.  There is mountains of theft and lost money happening every day.  Its just harder to see and isn't done so directly.  When the government spends 3 trillion dollars in Iraq and half the country loses their houses, its a very difficult thing to connect the dots between them, but the costs are one in the same.  They spent value that no one had earned yet, and it had to be taken from somewhere.  In WW2 people knew, thats why they grew gardens and made clothing and bullets.  They saw and felt the costs.  Today its leveraged through securities and derivatives and hidden in fake profits, then the bubbles collapse and half the country eats their asses financially and no one knows why or where it all came from because it took 5 years to see the imbalance.  That's the only reason the perpetrators get away with it really.  A direct hacker is a bad guy, but a money printer is an "economic stimulator." 
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:22:28
A gang results in a community as the "last resort" for security when legitimate security isn't available.  I.E. If your mom has marijuana in the house you don't call the cops when her boyfriend beats her senseless, you call your "boys."  Illegality creates gang violence.  
Cartels work the same way.  People always make the same uninformed excuses claiming that "drugs are violent" and therefore should be made illegal.  The truth is that government is violent and those that disobey must adapt.  You can't call the cops when someone steals your cocaine, so you buy an AK-47 instead.  The same is true of ANY illegal contraband.  There were even *coffee* cartels in South America during a time that a few countries tried to make it illegal.  Nothing is "inherently violent," people will simply find alternative means of protecting themselves and their community when all legitimate and safe forms of security are forcibly removed from their list of options. These people must live under the constant threat and fear that they will be killed or put in a cage for the rest of their lives.  They become violent when threatened with it.  
Edit: FYI, you can't just "characterize these people," they are responding to the world that is forced upon them.  They aren't a special kind of people, they are normal people in special circumstances.  We are incredibly adaptive as a species and we think different ideas, see the world differently, and believe or think in very different systems based on our experiences in the world around us.  People are just people.  Our adaptations to violence are pretty astounding really.  Has the government done anything at all to make the problem better?  Have drugs gone away?  Have gangs gone away?  It's amazing really that up against the most well-funded organization on earth, and a powerfully potent belief in "the greater good" and "patriotic duty" that still the gangs and drugs and guns are right where they were left.  You take a legitimate community and turn it violent out of their need to survive.  Pretty fascinating really.
@_date: 2014-12-11 16:01:07
lol, what exactly constitutes the network effect being either on or off? It doesnt start, its just a characteristic of networks that is always present.  That's akin to saying "gravity started" because something fell off the table.
I do get what your saying btw, just thought your wording was funny :)
@_date: 2014-11-28 19:49:11
Where on earth are you buying bitcoin at a 12% premium?  I've been buying bitcoin since 2011 and i have literally *never* paid that high of a fee and would have definitely gone elsewhere if the fee had been that high.  
@_date: 2014-01-15 00:46:22
Corporation = Special tax and liability status created, defined, and granted only by government. 
The simplest lie imaginable.  Create privilege, complain about privilege, blame it on free market, and everyone as dumb as you believes them.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:33:02
The Federal Reserve "lost" $9 *TRILLION* and no one was required to show anything and no one was punished.   Everyone was completely screwed by it, and they are more powerful now than they were then.  Plus Social Security is a few trillion dollar ponzi scheme and I remember hearing about this crazy giant bank bailout a few years back that rewarded the very people (with MORE of their victims money) who fucked millions of Americans out of their homes.
I mean seriously it could be worse, MtGox could have the power to print bitcoin willy nilly, loan out a few hundred billion, and then confiscate a portion of every user's bitcoin balance and pay it all out the the most incompetent companies that are on the verge of going out of business to prop up a broken system.
You use the term "ponzi scheme" as your comparison (as does the post i realize), but MtGox wasn't a ponzi scheme.  MtGox was an organization that controlled the assets of millions of people and lost it with horrible accounting practices, poor security, and blanket incompetence.
Bernie Madoff is hardly the most relevant comparison.  In the realm of keeping a balanced discussion, it needs to be mentioned.
EDIT: For consistency's sake here is a value percentage - The entire income of every hard working man, woman, and child in America that spent the entire year making sandwiches, building houses, sweeping floors, making clothes, designing software, fixing computers, making mobile devices, creating new and efficient ideas and systems, entertaining, playing sports, investing, and every other single ounce of economic activity in America totaled to roughly 14 trillion dollars in 2008.  The Federal Reserve printed and "lost" (or as many speculate, distributed to other countries) around $9 trillion, possibly more.  They didn't lift a finger to produce even the slightest piece of actual value for anyone, they couldnt even be bothered to sweep a floor for that much money, and subsequently **squandered the equivalent of 65% of every last penny earned in the US.**  
That's what those "regulated" markets do for ya.
@_date: 2014-07-28 15:55:00
Well I hope it comes back because mine says the App is no longer available.
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:51:49
The technical superiority has to have a clear and no alternative advantage.  The greater network effect of the mail system didn't stop email becaues there were clear advantages and far lower costs to accomplish the same task.  Bitcoin has a clear advantage over fiat despite its network effect.  However, nearly all altcoins have only very small deviations from bitcoin in the same way that you can deliver something via USPS or Fedex.  Or in the way that you can use one credit card over another with different perks. 
Bitcoin is superior because its network effect far outweighs any advances made so far made in the altcoin space.  This may not always be the case but it certainly is right now.  
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:18:41
Backed by forced acceptance and violently manipulated markets.  The Breton Woods agreement combined with legal tender laws means you don't have to have a decent currency or even remotely intelligent or fair monetary policy.  
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:52:22
Well... he is homeless... so I'm sure he accepts donations too.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:49:30
"but I'd argue that might make progress and innovation impeded significantly."
Honestly I'm curious how you think this.  Is our current freedom making Bitcoin innovations come too slowly for you?  How exactly does requiring someone's permission, requiring licenses and fees, and having arbitrary (and largely non-applicable rules to follow going to speed this process up?  Regulations over the entire current financial markets would require far *more* work and much like piracy blocking/DRM, it would simply make the technology work less efficiently.  
Regulation will inevitably put in requirements of information and/or control that Bitcoin itself is designed to route around or ignore entirely.  It can only end with Bitcoin being slower and more expensive if followed.  I find no reason to believe it would result any better than internet regulation has.  Which has only slowed and hindered development while propping up the older and more wasteful methods/corporations.
@_date: 2014-01-25 04:29:00
It's found in the places where the new money, either government printed or loaned without reserve backing, hits the market.  
Best examples are seen where government makes loans insanely cheap to acquire.  These would be Tuition (billions and billions of stupid low interest rate loans guaranteed by government have made a college education require a lifetime to pay off yet does nothing for getting you a job), the medical field (where it costs 5,600 dollars to sit in an empty emergency room for 5 minutes after talking to a single person for 5-7 seconds and then filling out *one* piece of paper... true story), housing (I shouldn't even have to go into this one), and then of course the stock market.  There are others of course, these should simply be the most obvious.
The Fed has been buying 85 billion dollars worth of the governments treasuries every month.  They are literally pouring money into the financial sector.  The housing bubble (which is where government/Fed loans were being shifted in early 2000s) simply moved into the stock market (where all the money is headed now).  It's the same bubble really, they just moved it for one last pump.  It's not going to last long though.  The whole thing is hitting the fan soon.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:35:08
My example was just an oversimplified analogy.  I wasn't suggesting that changing the quantity supplied was what caused the crisis.  I was suggesting that arbitrarily lowering the price creates false demand.  The "coupons" might have just been a poor analogy, but it's difficult to create a concrete (and simple to understand) comparison for debt issuance. 
Everything else you stated was correct.  I agree we are in another bubble, I have read multiple books about the housing crisis that explains exactly what you mentioned, and the CRA certainly shifted the debt into the housing industry.  Not to mention the hundreds of other government programs that incentivized housing and backed poorly made loans.  
The only thing we seem to disagree on is that the CRA "caused the bubble."  I will not question for a second that the CRA had a major role in putting the debt bubble in the housing market.  But without them, the bubble still would have occurred due to the artificial lowering of the interest rate.  Just not necessarily in the housing market.  Sometimes in the stock market, or the bond and stock markets, or in education, and so on.  There have been many debt bubbles in many industries.  The CRA didn't make the other ones possible.  
TL;DR The short story is that debt bubbles are only truly created by a price control on debt.  There are certainly thousands of other factors that change how it manifests, but the details are better understood as symptoms rather than causes.  The CRA didn't create a debt bubble, they simply directed it into the housing market.  They were there in order to make use of the excessive loaning and direct it into even *more* irresponsible investments, but they didn't create the debt itself.
@_date: 2014-12-14 17:27:25
it's shameful how disinformation and ignorance are constantly *repeated and propagated everywhere in the world* as long as it's saying something they want to believe. 
People do that everywhere.  Don't fall to the idiotic idea that a large vague and diverse group of people based on "this community", or "that skin color," or "this preference" all believe/think/are flawed in exactly the same way.  It is a very stupid way to categorize the world, it leads to hatred, and it is very ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 04:25:39
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:36:00
I kind of feel it more reinforces the gag order theory.  There are too many giant holes in MtGox's story and I find it stupid hard to believe that transaction malleability managed to empty 700,000 Bitcoin from both the hot and cold wallets. 
It's a guess either way, but the court order to shut up due to other charges makes the most sense to me.  It could explain a lot.
@_date: 2014-03-13 11:57:58
One thing to note is that it doesn't really matter if most of the coins are being transferred between wallets or being transferred internationally.  Obviously, saying it is moving as much money *between countries* as Western Union is completely overstated and, in addition, practically impossible to prove.
However, within Bitcoin, a move between wallets is indiscernible from an international transfer. (Which is exactly why this incorrect stat keeps showing up)  It does however prove a single thing, Bitcoin is moving massive amounts of wealth and every single one of them *could* have been international transactions.  So, if anyone claims Bitcoin could never replace Western Union, this demonstrates that it definitely could. 
TL;DR The beauty of Bitcoin is that a transfer from my computer to my phone is identical to a transfer from my computer to a server in Japan.  Meaning the title is actually completely accurate.  It doesn't tell us much about adoption or remittance usage, but it does say something impressive about the network's ability to transfer value.
@_date: 2014-11-25 22:55:43
At what point does it become a circle jerk to run around commenting under every pro-Bitcoin post about how circle jerky r/Bitcoin is?
He made a funny comment that was completely aware of the silliness of a far more than likely fake story... I know you got excited but please pull your hand out of your pants.
@_date: 2014-11-03 16:35:53
All of the systems he claims are needed; a way to cheaply and easily buy bonds/stock for transportation infrastructure in poor countries and a way to cheaply and quickly send money internationally without middle men fees, are directly answered by bitcoin technologies.  An open, decentralized, global financial market turns the current hierarchy on its head.  This is absolutely where bitcoins "killer app" is.  Bitcoin will save billions in this market alone and provide better, more efficient financial security to impoverished communities.  As bitcoin matures in this space it will naturally grow outward from there. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:58:10
This would be better because people would stop loaning money for the war.  The war wouldn't happen because no one actually wants to send an extra $5,000 per person in taxes to fund murdering people that they only support if they think it's happening for free.  Meaning the war doesn't happen.
Defaulting is a *far* preferable alternative to inflating a currency.  Inflating the currency destroys the price mechanism and grinds the economy to a halt for years and even decades sometimes.  A default means closing the doors on the institution that sucks value from the economy to put into actually productive endeavors.  A default is very quickly recovered from because prices can adjust so the worthless company/institution is sold off within a few days at a small fraction of the falsely inflated price. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:36:42
If anyone wants to buy one it ships in 2 weeks ;)
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:48:05
Lmao are you kidding?  Don't bother looking up statistics of the cellphone explosion in third world countries because it drastically increases their living standards.  Allowing them to call nearby towns and villages to inform friends of important incidents, conduct business (which they so desperately need), and hear about when and where clean water is available. 
You've got to be astonishingly naive or simply misinformed if you think a dirt cheap smartphone, a low-cost/decentralized/international currency, and free financial services won't help people living in third world countries.  
In addition, There are **6 billion** people who do not have access to normal banking services.  So I'm not sure where these free awesome banking services you are referring to come into play.
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:54:26
Letting people know that we've been here before, that the fundamentals have not changed, and to not freak out or do something out of fear that they may regret later is not "scummy."  Opinions on both sides are necessary to get a decent assessment of the situation and your investment.  However, attacking and ridiculing people for thinking that Bitcoin *isn't* on the verge of dying and saying that such a claim is "scummy" and that their opinion doesn't matter because they bought lower is ridiculous.  
Reassurance /= "scummy"
@_date: 2014-11-14 04:16:23
Of course, but if it's open like Bitcoin, they won't end up controlling it.  The dominant miners will be a group of geeks somewhere.  Which means it's likely to be closed.  Which will mean it becomes pointless to "mine" competitively (as proof-of-work) instead of just confirming transactions themselves.  Which makes it a glorified version of a more efficient form of bookkeeping.  It will, in the end, basically change nothing regarding the major failures of centralized money and banking.
Edit: rewording
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:26:03
For those who didn't know (like me):
P500.00 = 500 pesos = $11.45/day = $343.41/month
edit: clarity
@_date: 2014-09-18 01:25:54
I'm laying on their 10inch Queen mattress right now.  Had it about a month now.  Have to honestly say that this is by far the best mattress I've ever had.  It was stupid easy to purchase with bitcoin and there is no shipping charge.  If anyone is thinking of getting a mattress soon then please don't spend $1000-$3000.   We shopped for months and I was skeptical of tuft and needle the whole time.  After months of finding that the only mattresses worth a shit were between 3 and 4 *thousand* dollars, I finally broke down and took a chance.  I just couldn't get over how gross the sales in the normal mattress market are.  They seriously act like there are 11 nm ASIC chips built into these fucking foam bricks.  They advertise having "Cloud Breeze Dual Cooling Technology" because they *put holes in their pillows so the air flows through it!*  The mattress market is where the ultimate shills get work.  
Get your next bed from these guys. *You will not regret it.* It's just an awesome mattress and yet it somehow costs the least of anything we found.  If bitcoin goes to $10,000 in 3 months I will not regret having bought this mattress.  Maybe my last one just sucked that bad, but this one is pretty boss.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:18:51
Your implied argument is that regulation would fix the insider trading problem and I can't help but find that slightly humorous.  I don't mean any offense, but there isn't an ounce of evidence to suggest having monopolistic regulation would suddenly make cheating and insider trading vanish from reality.  There certainly has never been an economy without it.  And if you think the current financial system treats everyone equal and has fair policies then you either aren't looking or you choose to ignore it in order to maintain a comfortable and familiar but entirely false belief.
In fact, there is mountains of evidence to suggest the exact opposite.  If the US is any example, Regulation could very well make it far worse, limit it to a smaller group of more powerful individuals, and construct a legal framework for permanent inequality and a complete lack of financial freedom.  And don't forget when you attempt to follow a different set of rules, or develop a better system you either have your wealth stolen, are imprisoned, killed, or forced from your home.
Thank you but no thank you.  We will deal with our problems without any of that nasty, hateful, immoral, monopolistic, destructive, incompetent, and completely ineffective crap you call "regulation."
@_date: 2014-09-04 04:02:49
Just wow.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:18:23
Its funny that the argument is always that it "discourages investment."  And that inflation is desirable because it ensures people risk their money (which is a good thing?) on commercial endeavors.  
Yet, in practice, a deflationary currency creates growth in savings accounts... which means people are far more likely to be able to fund their own investment projects, not to mention it encourages people to make smaller investments with steadier returns *before* taking on larger and riskier investments and/or projects.  All this, and you don't have to encourage the entire economy to go into debt.   
I've had a great many years where i have fought hard to get money together for investments and have taken on debt in an attempt to become financially more stable.  It has left me with little more than a number of mediocre/failed projects and a bunch of debt.  Though thanks to my savings account, my love of austrian economics, and my trust in a deflationary currency, my *savings* actually has more capital available to me than I could have ever gotten loaned to me.
Guess what I'm doing with it?  Investing, lol.  Now obviously the economic "story" isn't this simple, but i cant help but think that encouraging savings and therefore (capital backed instead of debt backed) investments that don't spread the loss throughout the entire economy is a far more preferable economic system.  But that's just me ;)
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:36:01
There's a local bar that accepts Bitcoin where we have our meetup every Thursday.  New comers always come asking what they can do with it or why they would want to use Bitcoin.  This week they get to see me buy a beer with money I received 2 days earlier because somebody, somewhere in the world liked my reddit comment and decided I needed to drink more ;)
Thank you sir!
@_date: 2014-07-23 20:31:46
He was democratically elected by a huge majority.  They thought he was their savior.  Of course they hated him after he started killing everyone and waged war around the world.  But by then no one could do anything because Hitler never broke the law.  It was all perfectly legal and legitimate.  Everyone's belief in the legitimate submission to violence by government were too afraid to do anything.  The courts backed up Hitler and prosecuted his enemies because they had to *uphold the law.* Hitler *was* the law.  
The fact that people thought they *had to assassinate* Hitler shows a huge issue with the system.  Why didn't they just stop listening to him?  Why didn't they just disobey the horrible and evil dictates of their government?  
Believing an *authority must be obeyed under all circumstances* is the real problem.  if Comcast has a horrible CEO, then who cares?  people aren't obedient to companies who act like jackasses and provide crapy customer service.  Who would fight a war for Comcast?  Are there Comcast patriots out there who would pay their bill and wave the Comcast flag even if they weren't provided any service?  Now what about the government?  no matter how terrible their service, no matter how corrupt and psychotic, no matter how many people they kill or imprison, and no matter how astonishingly wasteful they are, The people still fight their ridiculous wars, still uphold their insane and unjust laws, still support their candidate, and still *believe* in the authority of our ruling sociopaths.  Why?  Because everyone, just like you, thinks society would fall apart without The Lord government preventing Comcast from ruling us.  Comcast could *only ever be a problem* if people had the same patriotic devoted and moral belief that without comcast, society would fall apart.  It is *that belief* that is the problem.  It is *that belief* that makes government powerful.  It is the belief that someone, no matter how much we dislike them or how poorly they represent our views, still has to be allowed to rule in order for society to work.  
Your example of Kahn or any ancient society is even worse than government as an example of a free society.  Thousands of years ago societies were largely based on religious authority instead of authority granted by "rule of law."  This is even worse.  It's one thing to think society will fall apart if you disobey, it's another thing entirely to think God will smite you and you'll burn in Hell for eternity.  Religious authority was only more potent and more problematic than government authority, but both result in problems for the same reasons.  The foolish belief that there is such thing as an infallible authority figure, whether it be a god, a king, or a democratic representative.  The idea that their position is more important than their actions.  
Freedom is based on individual.  Everyone has the exact same rights, and anyone violating them is simply to be ignored.  There is no "greater good" or "lord our god" or "rule of law" that "holds society together" by demanding we slaughter millions of foreigners, or imprison people who have "nasty" plants, or by robbing Peter to pay Paul.  
**TL;DR** - The reason tyranny exists is due to the belief in an infallible authority that represents "god," an infallible authority that represents "the greater good," or an infallible authority representing the "rule of law."  Freedom is based on the idea that no such authority exists or ever could.  That *no one*, no matter the position or job or the institution, no one has the right to violate the rights of another.  Bad people will always exist, but that doesn't ruin society.  Tyranny is caused by the submission of good people, not the aggression of bad people.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:49:07
"Why not wait until $1100 or $2000?"
Because I want a desk.
 In addition, I don't know how high it will go or how long it will take to get there.  I make my larger purchases based on how important it is to me and what percentage of my savings I'm having to spend on it.  I don't want the money, I want what the money can get me.  Making a profit isn't the only desire that exists.  To suggest that no one will ever buy a coffee in the morning because the price will be %10 less the following day does little more than turn people into flat, one-dimensional story book characters that are generally then used to simply push an agenda or belief.  As I'm sure you are perfectly aware, politicians love that game.  Which is where the "deflationary spiral" theory comes from.  It always the politicians in control of the money printing machine that tell us that letting them counterfeit money is "good for everyone!" 
@_date: 2014-04-05 12:36:59
i gotta say this is absolutely awesome!  However, is it not possible for Apple to change the ability to do this?  Why would they be anything but amazingly unhappy that a competing store is on their devices that they dont get a cut of purchases on?
How difficult is it for them to shut this down?
@_date: 2014-10-05 00:46:17
The idea was liberty, doesn't really have anything to do with who is president.  in fact that's the point.  When the people are free you can make the worst person in society the president and it won't matter, he will still be equal to everyone else.  Technology is the only thing that can truly bring about *and* sustain that vision.  Ron Paul's election is irrelevant as to whether or not it "worked out."  IMO things are moving very quickly in the right direction.  I see more systems, technologies, and protocols being built today that make the problem of government obsolete than ever before in history.  While simultaneously governments seem to be losing their grip on their people.  I wouldn't call it just yet, there is plenty still to come.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 00:49:31
Always good advice either way :)
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:12:05
That bonus night time picture earned you a tip good sir.  5000 bits are on the way... Actually they got there before I typed this message :)
@_date: 2014-12-04 16:48:33
I don't recall anyone talking about Visa being sweaty.
@_date: 2014-12-20 19:12:27
good idea /s
@_date: 2014-07-25 21:48:46
You said credit card transactions are instant when they actually aren't.  You were being informed of the reality of something that is generally hidden from view.  It's just that no one worries about the "confirmation" since the risk is so small after the transaction is made.  The same goes for bitcoin.  The initial transfer happens within seconds.  The only difference is a bitcoin transaction confirms in 10 minutes and is immediately irreversible (though incredibly difficult to reverse even before the confirmation) where as credit cards are reversible for months afterward as the other commenter noted.
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:24:30
Wait.... what?
@_date: 2014-08-12 12:16:05
Jesus Christ fine:
Edit: the only fact is that the old lady had *something in her possession* which someone else *took from her.* 
It doesn't matter at all whether you know the origin of what she possessed.  You can't steal shit under the assumption that it might not belong to her.  My god how dense are you?
How do I know you own your car!? You thief!  I'm gonna take it until you prove you own it!
@_date: 2014-08-12 02:13:07
She wanted to keep what she earned and not let it be stolen to be spent by someone who never earned it?  She wanted her own money!!?? How dare her!
The only facts we have is that she owned something that is perfectly legal to own and the police took it from her.  Irrelevant of what anyone "thought" she was or wasn't going to do with it, what happened was theft.   Any discussion of intentions or possible criminal activity are just a way to excuse something that in any and every other context is a criminal act.  Yet here we are supposed to excuse and ignore blatant crimes when done by the "people who keep us safe from thieves."  
What an effective and just system we have. /s
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:47:20
First, you mentioned 2 specific issues that resulted in those problems that have nothing to do with natural deflation.  Those two being wage controls and interest rate price controls.  So if your saying that these are terrible ideas then I agree wholeheartedly.
Secondly, you miss speak in saying everyone had balanced budgets.  Look at the debt to GDP ratio for the 20s and 30s.  Maybe governments didn't have debts, but the economy had over a 4:1 debt to productivity ratio... Which is exactly why the money supply shrank as everyone defaulted.  Again you correctly diagnose a shrinking money supply as the problem... Which *again* is a *debt based money supply problem.* And it's worsened by interest rate controls (which actually were the real cause of the problem in the first place).
TLDR;  the deflation of the 30s is actually one of the prime examples of debt based economic meltdown resulting from fake money and interest rate controls.  It is by no means an exception to the rule, but in fact one of the best examples for proving it.
EDIT: The Federal Reserve was created in 1913 by a bill written by the 5 largest banking institutions and sold to the public as a "break the bank trust" bill.  It is no coincidence that a monopoly on interest rates for the largest economy in the world was achieved roughly 15 years before the greatest economic crisis of the century.
@_date: 2014-03-18 02:47:52
Purchased a MacBook Air a few months back.  Fast shipping, very responsive, and everything was in working order.   Hard to take a risk on a new company without reviews shortly before Christmas, but it went very smoothly.  Thanks guys!  I'll be buying an iPad mini soon (her birthday) keep up the good work.  It's always refreshing to see a trustworthy and reliable company in the Bitcoin space :)
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:06:02
The fall wasn't from $32 to $12.  I was there and had invested all of my savings at $22.  Over the next few weeks it fell hard and fast down to **$2.** 
When bitcoin is brand new, made up of a tiny community and market, completely niche and known to practically nobody, and doesn't have a user-friendly version of anything... it is FAR more difficult to hold through a big crash than it is now.  The value loss was FAR worse and the situation had a *far* greater number of unknowns.  News was nothing but bad, massive hacks, exchanges getting shutdown, the only marketplace was for illegal goods, security flaws everywhere, and a fucking *hard fork* to top it all off.  If you think **this crash** is something special and that a person who went through the previous crashes has a "worthless opinion" on the matter then you are just flaunting your ignorance to the world.  
For fuck's sake Circle just opened, Paypal is integrating, transactions are growing consistently, and there are like 30 easy to use wallet apps.  I use bitcoin at 4 or 5 places locally in Wilmington NC.  There is literally no comparison today to how fucking scary it was holding through that first crash.  This is a cake walk.
@_date: 2014-04-03 13:53:31
This is a huge problem.  We have this false idea that college means no one has to do skill based manual jobs despite the fact that our economy is in desperate need of those exact laborers.  Our schools have completely separated from what society actually needs or values in labor.
Mike Rowe discussing the job gap:
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:45:29
Helping and/or encouraging people to get loans doesn't cause a financial crises.  The more loans taken out, the higher the interest rate is and there is nothing the CRA can do about that.  It's like encouraging people to buy electronic devices without any other influence.  Maybe there will be a small rise in TV sales but it would burn out quickly.
However, if you could subsidize the purchase with "TV coupons" that could be printed at no cost and lowered the upfront price of TVs by 80%, *then* you would have people buying TVs like maniacs.  Then manufacturers would start making more TVs, and they would open new plants, hire new workers, invest in more silicon TV boards, create more advertising for television models, add pointless features, and create a new model every 6 months.  And all the while the prices keep going up, up, up.  In response more and more "TV coupons" are printed to keep up with the TV Gold Rush.  
Then after a few years the demand starts to taper dramatically as the market is saturated with largely unwanted TVs.  In response the coupons shift to 90% off and no interest payments for 2 years!  Another boost in sales, though not as large as the first and it tapers even faster.  After doing this multiple times the demand has completely dried up and no matter how many coupons are made no one is gonna buy *another* TV.  Plus, prices have gotten ridiculous, even with all the coupons.  Then comes the crash.
The manufacturers have to shut down all the plants they opened, they have to cut back on the number of new models, remove all the unnecessary features to lower the price, fire all the new workers, slash prices in half just to get inventory off the overly crowded shelves, and investment in the industry is driven to a stand still.  
This is a debt bubble, and it can only be created by **controlling the price of debt.**
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:38:51
I didn't say trade volume, I was referring to the volume of actual notes corresponding to an amount of gold that does not and could not possibly exist in a vault somewhere.  
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:17:22
Title should be:
It's Rumor! India Gets the One-Lawyer-Guy Approval to Trade in Bitcoin!
Still good news, but not in the way the title implies.
@_date: 2014-11-25 12:57:21
also the list has a few unnecessary steps.  He has listed "waiting for confirmations" twice in the list as well as the receiver setting up their own wallet.  non of which would be necessary or desirable if you simply wanted local currency.  an exchange address is no different than a wallet address.
Numbers 2, 5, and 6 are either unnecessary or redundant.  Also not sure what  is referring to.  Are we worried that the bitcoin transaction will fail and receiver will lose bitcoin?  or are we worried about having to secure it?  This would be solved by not having a wallet and dealing with the exchange address only.  I agree completely with what OP is trying to explain, but the list is trying to make it look like more steps than it actually is.  its not *that* much different than WU, you just deal with different middlemen.
@_date: 2014-09-04 23:22:54
True, although I had heard they snatched his laptop while he was using it with his main wallet open.  Haven't done any serious fact-checking but his bitcoin wallet, as I understand it, was not encrypted at all when the Feds got ahold of it.  In the article's suggested scenario, attempting the same circumstances for an entire population would undoubtedly be a difficult task.
Its clearly not impossible to steal someone's bitcoin.  But a government trying to tax its citizens would have to obtain millions of private keys, needing access to each individual's addresses, as opposed to needing only the private keys of a handful of banks that control millions of accounts.  You can't deny that such a shift would dramatically change the game.
@_date: 2014-05-23 00:22:20
I think a very good place to start regarding scam avoidance would be to highly scrutinize any service that intends to "anonymize your Bitcoin for a fee."  A Bitcoin mixer is a terrible idea to use as a temporary wallet and if you use any service in the future that holds the keys to your Bitcoin **never never never** send the full amount on the first transaction.  Also, look up reviews/info.  I've looked into mixers for 2 or 3 years and have never had the balls to actually use one.  Just seems like a really bad idea.  Waiting for dark wallet personally before I touch anything in that regard.  
Sorry about your loss though man.  This is what I had hoped MTGox would have prevented a lot of.  Get a wallet on your computer or use Blockchain.info or something if you need a wallet.  There are a great many respected and trustworthy wallet services out there that are quick and easy.  I've used kryptokit, Feeva, Multibit, electrum, Bitcoin QT, Blockchain, coin jar, and a few others.  But I've never had all my Bitcoin in any one and even the ones that had big chunks were separated into multiple wallets with different passwords.  I know it's complicated at times, but you are now the steward of your own money, there are no chargebacks, and you have no access to banking fraud protection or the personal info of who your giving bitcoins to.  
FYI, I personally lost some Bitcoin a long time back due to my own stupidity, hurt super bad and I definitely threw up.  I feel for you and some of us here knows what it feels like.  All the advice will probably just piss you off, but hang in there, you will find it useful when the stolen coins aren't so fresh in your memory.  :(
@_date: 2014-09-17 15:13:17
The internet has done more to empower the average individual than any technology since the printing press.  How do you fail to see the value it provides? We are having a conversation, I don't know who you are, you dont know me.  We are talking about a topic that we are both interested in.  We are talking with thousands of others interested in the same thing.  It takes a handful of clicks with our fingers to place us into this community and anyone from anywhere in the world can include themselves voluntarily in the conversation and community.  Millions of communities can be organized for millions of reasons.  Anyone can freely join or exit based on what they like and/or can identify with.  Projects can be accomplished through individuals who would never have a ghost of a chance of meeting each other without the technology available.  
It genuinely saddens me that you can completely miss the blatant and massive effect of one of the most revolutionary technologies in the history of the world.  How can you have such a tiny perspective as to completely miss the astounding social, economic, and political breakthroughs the internet has enabled in society.  You are living through possibly the single greatest revolution in societal organization ever in recorded history and you somehow miss all the macro indicators for a few decade long political failures and believe, in such a spectacularly ignorant way, that the *internet has failed.*  I'm seriously sorry for the way you see the world.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:26:30
It's also a way to send a message.  Yes, it undoubtedly turns many customers away, but they might wonder why.  Just because it isn't the most profitable action doesn't mean it has no value.  Is it not preferable that they choose to value a moral position over monetary gain?  Everyone has a right to make a statement.  And money isn't the only motivator.  Not accepting dollars is a political, moral, and economic declaration:  "I only accept fair money."  
Though this was never explicitly stated, if I chose to refuse payment in dollars, this would likely be my reason.  The dollar is a cheated system.  It started under the intentions of sound and fair money.  Now, however, it is a deliberate system of counterfeiting for a privileged class.  
Maybe refusing dollars seems ridiculous to you. And understandably so.  But there is no need to belittle someone because they stand up for something.  All good things :)
Lastly, remember he is not forcing anyone to pay for or do anything.  It's their choice where to shop.  If they think it's dumb then they never have to click anything.  
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:44:01
"Bitcoin: When Gold is too Slow"
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:40:33
Believe it or not this actually isn't true.  Your missing the complete picture of exactly what it means when "the economy gets bad."  If the financial system collapsed it doesn't do anything to the bakers ovens, it doesn't break manufacturing plants, it doesn't destroy buildings, and it doesn't stop cars from working.   The financial system is like the language of value communication.  Having it corrupted and fall apart is more akin to having everyone suddenly forget how to speak English.  All the productive capacity of the economy remains intact, they simply have no way to communicate prices because the "point system" everyone was using has suddenly become meaningless.
If in fact you are using a stable currency and a working financial system when a different one collapses, you may never truly experience the crisis.  In the same way that Japan can have a collapse while the US has a super prosperous year, Bitcoin is not very susceptible to the next financial crisis.  Of course they are connected, and any such transition would be painful and difficult.  But just because the dollar economy is in shambles doesn't mean Bitcoin goes into depression with it.  In fact a simultaneous growth in the Bitcoin economy is more likely than any downturn.
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:50:25
My dog does back flips over that bar.
@_date: 2014-10-02 15:09:35
Austrian Economics is not philosophy.  Its a school of economics that starts all theory from a handful of principles that can be known and proved and then applies those truths to economic activity.  
i.e.  1) Anything that is consumed must first be produced  2) money is not a consumption item, therefore getting paid more points has no direct correlation to quality of life without accounting for production that exists and the price mechanism.  And so on...  Then these truths are used to develop economic theories to ensure they are not violated if empirical evidence, or indirect economic measurements obscure these realities. 
Keynesian economics, or what I assume you are referring to as "real economics" generally takes empirical measurements and correlations and tries to draw mathematical relationships between.  This is largely done without taking into account that all of these measurements are both indirect and abstractions of real economic activity.  Therefore cannot be measured the same way one can take the temperature outside.  In most cases basic truths get completely ignored in favor of a neat mathematical model.  This leads to government and central planners thinking that all they have to do is change the measurements through manipulating the money supply or prices and thinking reality will shift to match the numbers.
In reality, prices are a response to a physical change in either demand for consuming a product or the ability and difficulty to produce it.  Manipulating the price does not change the reality of the shift that has occurred, it simply covers up the problem in an effort to make the numbers look like they did when everything was running smoothly.  The price mechanism moves in order to tell us something important about a change in reality, manipulating the price does not fix the problem, but rather obscures the economy's ability to tell us what is wrong in the first place.
For those interested:  Here is a simple breakdown of the major differences between the two schools.  
[Austrian School vs. Kaynesians](
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:20:07
If it's managed properly then sure.  But it never is.  History teaches us that the monopoly power to print money is a difficult temptation to turn down.  
But I'm not talking about fiat in general terms.  I'm specifically referring to the US system.  It's doomed no matter what IMO.  The debt disparity is too vast and the public is too uninformed for any kind of fix to be made.  There is a vastly higher amount of debt than there is real money.  Meaning nothing can be paid off even in real terms, much less when taking interest into account.  There is no fixing the financial disaster that has been built for the last 70 years.  It simply has to kill itself for us to get out of this mess.
@_date: 2014-12-15 05:22:32
Both are true in some sense. It's like saying Bitcoin is a more important invention than the Internet.  Yet Bitcoin cannot exist without the Internet.  And the Internet has less impact without Bitcoin.  Technologies are in many ways codependent.  Most cannot exist without those before them.  Agriculture gives money its value (without extra to trade, a medium is useless), yet money allows agriculture to have a far greater reach.  It ensures the knowledge and impact travels farther and faster.  Money is the network that agriculture travels on and agriculture makes that network valuable.
@_date: 2014-09-17 13:01:06


Holy jesus you think these things are caused by the *internet?* Couldn't have anything to do with monetary policy, political committees deciding who gets paid trillions of other people's hard earned dollars, economic dictates and executive orders, price controls, the government picking and choosing which companies go out of business and which buy all their competitors, counterfeiting the national currency, and the trillion dollar war on drugs right??  Of course not!  Must be that open source, decentralized, communication platform that allows information to exchange hands and move around the world in seconds.  Must be that website that lets people debate about these topics when every news station in the world ignores it deliberately so citizens don't know who to blame their problems on.  Must be the incredibly thorough, completely free, and easily accessible world encyclopedia posted as a website where people spent thousands of dollars before for *less* accurate and completely un-adaptive information in physically printed books.
If you honestly believe that the problems you mentioned are **caused,** *in any way,* by the internet, then you clearly don't even know how to use it.  The internet is the only reason millions of people understand and are *even aware* of these problems.  If you really cant see that then you probably should just stop using the internet.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:22:54
*when* it works :)
@_date: 2014-07-11 12:57:20
obviously!  How could you pass up an opportunity like that?  Don't you remember how much money Enron made after they were scam-famous?  It was like... a bunch!
@_date: 2014-05-05 19:02:33
Irrelevant.  it is still the most popular sport in the world.  
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:23:49
Please stop it with the good news.  I seriously can't take it anymore.
@_date: 2014-01-01 07:42:16
And what is that purpose?  Define it in detail, start at the most basic form of trade you can think of.  Imagine the bartering of a chicken for 2 fish between two cave men.  Then add a currency for exchange that one of them can make at will.  Then suddenly you have an economy where one cave man is trading his chicken for some paper strips.  And instead of fishing, the other cave man just keeps promising more strips of paper.
**then** you may have the first sliver of a ghost of an understanding of what inflation actually accomplishes.  Then remember that a billion people, a convoluted and complex financial system, and a government monopoly on money and schooling can only ever make the cause and effect harder to see.  But in the end were all trying to get chickens for our fish.  Real production for real production.  But prices keep rising, we keep having to waste our time keeping the value of our paper instead of looking for better fish.  Prices keep going up, the rich keep getting richer, and the poor stay poor. And all the while the company with the money printing machine keeps telling us that this is good for the economy, this is good for the economy, this is good for the economy.
@_date: 2014-03-15 23:35:28
Because it was an outlying price on a spike.  That's just cherry picking extreme numbers that clearly do not represent the overall trend.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:21:46
Well that's quite the negative and unnecessary assumption :/
Why is everyone who thinks Bitcoin is useful immediately suggested to be a naive, disillusioned, and brain washed moron?  I understand many people are overly optimistic, but being worried that someone won't fully understand it (when a vast majority of articles, podcasts, and "experts" clearly do *not* get it) seems like a completely legitimate concern.  *Especially* considering there are 2-3 posts daily of journalists calling it a company, talking about the CEO, and saying it can be printed willy-nilly.
Can we just stop throwing that insult at anyone who suggests they might support Bitcoin and *actually* wait for them to say something ridiculous first?
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:18:58
Actually speculators are exactly what give you that smooth price your talking about.  Thats why price swings attract them. They flood in to make profit off the price movement.  If they are selling at the top and buying at the bottoms then they are pushing prices toward the true equilibrium price.  speculators are the only reason cotton isn't $0.50 during harvesting season and then $500 while farmers are seeding next years fields.  They buy a ton when its plentiful, and then hold it to sell when theres nothing around.  Making the price of cotton stable all year round.
You can hate "speculators" all you want because the media or whoever tells you that you should, but they absolutely provide a value for you whether you like it or not. 
@_date: 2014-09-14 16:31:59
Do all these people have the exact same income and exactly the same costs to access the internet and/or the resources they need to use Bitcoin?  Are you seriously trying to imply that a generally $600 plus device with incredible functionality, a limitless array of apps for productivity/entertainment/communication, and cellphone/wifi/Bluetooth being available for $35 does nothing at all?  Are you suggesting this does nothing to raise the standard of living of impoverished individuals and open them up to the world of commerce and social communication?  Are you suggesting no one *at all* will be able to afford this phone (and/or couldn't possibly desire such a device) where they wouldn't be able to afford the usual $600 price tag?  Are you suggesting that all people are either dirt shit stinking starving to death on $ .05 a month poor or your average American middle class?  There couldn't possibly be even one person between those two brackets that could be greatly benefited by a $35 smartphone.   This is clearly the stupidest idea ever to make smartphones available to lower income people.  Much like it was dumb to lower the costs of computers and hard drive space, or even making cellphones in the first place.  How could this possibly benefit anyone? To what idiotic purpose could someone have for making a $35 smartphone?  And even more insane, Anyone who thinks such a thing could make Bitcoin more accessible is totally retarded... 
It kind of sounds like that's what you are arguing.  
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:18:17
You mean they would be run like the mafia in the sense that they would charge people and take their money without giving them a choice?  Maybe they would threaten them or lock them in a box if they didn't pay a certain amount of money to the "mafia."  
Something about that sounds familiar but I can't out my finger on it.  
The problem is the *belief* of legitimate theft.  If there was no government then no one would think it was ok for Walmart to steal from us.  No bad guy gets power when everyone *knows* he's a bad guy.  Only if people believe he is doing good things does he get away with horrific evils or tyranny.  You think Germany hated Hitler?  They **loved** him.  The reason corporations are a problem is because they spend small amounts (a few million) on legal teams and lobbying that grant them *billions* in subsidies, favorable laws, and regulatory control.  The government is sitting on a multiple **trillion** dollar pile of money so corporations and the wealthy spend all their time fighting each other over the pool of money instead of fighting or even caring about their customers.  You think Apple inc could afford a population controlling army?  We spend **trillions** on military to keep the empire afloat around the world.  That's many times the value of the entire company.  
Without taxes (the acceptable form of theft) there is no company in the world that could afford to privately fund tyranny to the capacity that any government can.  Look at history for a perfect record of this truth.  Show me a private company, that produced for customers, that conquered a country or waged war with private funding.  Find me *one.*
@_date: 2014-07-05 17:44:15
At my house.
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:22:53
You can OD on Tylenol 
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:01:01
This is how politics and government distorts the marketplace.  When Coinbase hires new help, it's not to make transactions cheaper, it's not to implement a new technology, it's not to make their customer service more responsive, and it's not to provide anything of value to their customers.  
Instead it's money down the drain fighting a vague, undefined, leviathan of violence In some distant land that every business fears will come out of their closet when they turn off the lights and stop defending themselves from it.  This is how cheap products and services become unnecessarily expensive, this is how prices come to represent a reaction to violent monopolies rather than indicators of economic health, and this is how nearly all societies are eventually destroyed.  It is this mechanism to varying degrees all over the world and throughout history, that results in more death than any other element of human civilization.   Both that are easily calculate, like massacres, murder, and war, and those that are nearly impossible to see or measure resulting from the accumulation of thousands of interactions or transactions that take longer than they otherwise would, are 10% less representative of actual value, and costs more than is needed.
I understand you don't really have a choice and it is better for CoinBase to stay in business and keep helping customers (myself included) than to not be there at all, but this kind of thing makes me want to throw up.
EDIT; Thanks for the Gold!  :)
@_date: 2014-01-10 05:45:32
"a facebook but more like bitcoin?"  
Did I accidentally put social network in there somewhere?  I'm just talking about an online proof of identity, which Bitcoin itself begins to fulfill the role of.  It enables a quick notary service that can be used from anywhere in the world in just a few seconds.  
Have you heard of namecoin?  Its a decentralized platform for domain names.
"That's retarded, you are just thinking "a facebook but more like bitcoin". What incentive would miners have to mine that piece of shit? Don't try to be a Satoshi, you are simply not smart enough."
This short paragraph is so full of crap I'm not even sure how to respond.  I was trying to defend *your* right to talk while explaining where the other comments were coming from.  Then you claim I'm trying to turn Bitcoin into Facebook (when the fuck did that happen?). That miners wouldn't mine "it" (again when?). And lastly, that I'm trying to be Satoshi by saying It might be possible to have a decentralized username system...  (i have no idea)
So back to actual discussion.  I think the solution might be something simpler than bitcoin, like SQRL, where the user simply manages their identity "keys" on their own computers, but then uses the same "key" to login to every site they visit using a QR code.  However, I feel having a trustless and non-centralized history for those identities would be incredibly useful, and the cost of changing the ledger could be a small fee (like a bitcoin transaction fee) that allows users to post a review.  Therefore its harder to spam, and less likely to be cheated by people making fake reviews.  
Businesses and individuals are always trying to spread the word about scams, thieves, and cheats.  Something similar could solve that problem, but who the hell knows.  I just thought it applied to the conversation that was going on.  You didn't have to get all butt-hurt about it and then insult me.  
@_date: 2014-03-17 03:24:41
I'm fucking excited.  Both of these people make me smile and the last episode was stupid entertaining.  Looking forward to it :)
@_date: 2014-01-22 16:21:36
He's saying that the governments approach will not work on Bitcoin because Bitcoin doesn't move through the postal service.  
Don't worry I read it incorrectly the first time too ;)
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:14:13
Every time I read anything about the Zimbabwe situation I get physically ill.  Then people try to convince me that we need the government to print more, we need free healthcare, we need more military spending, so on and so forth and I just want to slap them.   
I want to tell them that they don't have the slightest clue what they are doing, they dont know the first thing about money and what will result if we just "make money to pay for it," and I want to cry inside because telling them any of this wont make an ounce of difference.
This IMO is why we so desperately need Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.  Its time to end this bullshit.  The number of people who have starved, died of disease, mutilated or killed in war, and lost their entire families just because a small group of rich/military/government officials wanted a larger paycheck, to fund their idiotic pet project, or bomb this country for no legitimate reason is absolutely staggering.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 17:06:32
You transferred more?  Or was that a typo?
They robbed you as easily as hacking your email, Facebook, or anything else.  If they have the key and it's the only authentication required to gain access then there isn't anything Blockchain can do.  They have pretty good security compared to a lot of alternatives.  They never actually hold your private keys so the hacker didn't hack Blockchain and take them.  They had to gain your identifier and probably got your password from Facebook (which has poor security).  Like someone else said, the main culprit could lie in your browser.  This is where the identifier is stored and is also the weak link in the equation.  What browser do you use and what plugins do you have installed?
@_date: 2014-12-11 00:42:36
Exactly, it is more important to openly discuss why they are wrong and hold them accountable than to ignore them and pretend no one is reading it.
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:31:44
At least I own them.
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:35:03
There are no rights to an idea.  If I see someone make a wheelbarrow with their wood and tools, then go home and make a wheelbarrow with my stuff and my tools, I have not stolen something.  In fact the only way to enforce such ridiculous rules is to actually act in violence against me.  Meaning I have stolen nothing in my making a wheelbarrow, yet thugs are sent to my house who do *steal* *my* supplies that I labored to turn into a wheelbarrow.  
A story is a different thing entirely.  Though without initiating violence to forcibly remove the story from someone who clicked a link online then it can't be enforced.  Making it blatantly obvious that this is not a natural right of any form or fashion.  If it doesn't exist without an army of copyright military squads to steal and artificially enforce a physical limitation on the story that doesn't actually exist, then it is certainly not a natural right.   
It might not be *nice* to download something for free online when the creator is selling it somewhere else but it is plainly evil to send armed men to that persons house, steal their money, and threaten them.  Downloading a copy of digital content is NOT stealing.  What if I take a funny picture of my dog and it gets downloaded a million times, becomes a meme, and tons of websites make money on advertisements from views of my dog posted on their site by someone else.  Do they owe me something?  Have I been horribly aggressed against?  
There is also a factor of technology that the entrenched industries are forcibly fighting against.  Distribution companies aren't very excited that there is a content distribution software that makes their entire job description redundant.  And they right legal battles to keep their positions.  Content creators can and would simply make stuff and post it online for a small fee and make *more money* by not paying a butt load of lawyers, distributors, studios and so on.  But that method of releasing content is. Ring fought with artificial legal restrictions.  
SUMMARY:  Everyone has a right to encrypt their content to prevent copying.  Everyone has the right to protect their property (story or movie or wheelbarrow) by whatever system is available to ensure others aren't "free riding."  But you *do not have the right to send armed men* to someone's house because they are suspected of reading a story they found on the ground without paying you for it.
@_date: 2014-01-12 19:16:42
Wealth disparity in the debt/fiat world is because they have stolen that wealth without work or risk through government regulation and the slow siphoning destructive forces of inflating currency.  They are powerful without productive contribution.  
The wealth disparity in Bitcoin is due to early investors providing liquidity when no one believed in its value.  Its through cryptographers and developers who worked their butts off and explained, increased, or utilized the value potential they understood.  
Lastly, Bitcoin ir growing and making peoples lives easier.  The debt based economy is getting worse, more destructive, and is ruining peoples lives.
Apples and oranges buddy.  Wealth disparity is inevitable, its only bad when its done parasitically.
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:16:09
"Land of the free," except not for anyone who diverges from the status quo.
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:43:09
Well no one else cares about anthing but percentages because having "higher numbers" could be a hundred people investing millions or millions of people investing a hundred.  The base number change is nothing.  If i invest the same amount at $32 and watch it fall to $2 it is a far greater loss and far scarier than if I invest the same amount at $1000 and watch it fall to $370.  
The amount is irrelevant because you have no idea how much any individual invested.  Today's percentage loss on our current crash is actually the least volatile move of any of the previous crashes, and your claim that it has bigger numbers is arbitrary.
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:39:29
There is still plenty of growth available in the centralized Internet market.  The decentralized market will grow with incredible speed but it may not even hit the bottom line for large companies like eBay for years to come... So I'm probably thinking eBay isn't sitting around going, "oh man have you seen Open Bazaar?  There are like 100 people using it now.  We are so screwed, better milk our customers for everything before we are out of business."
@_date: 2014-03-15 22:06:52
From ~$730 on January 1st to ~$630 on March 15th isn't really much of a financial crisis when you consider it was ~$160 on October 15th, 2013.  
A lot can happen in two months.  Certainly hasn't been boring around here.
@_date: 2014-08-16 19:55:40
The gas price reference was about inflation.  Printing money arbitrarily steals the value of everyone else's notes.   We were talking about having your money taken from you.  This is a way that retirements look dismal and barely pay expenses, salaries buy less and less essentials, and minimum wage continuously looks like a crap deal even though it goes up almost yearly.  Money is being taken from people without their consent and in a corrupt and secretive way.  This is because money is centrally controlled.  And despite having a phone number to call your bank, there isn't a damn thing you, I, or anyone else can do about it.  
You claimed it was too easy to lose money in bitcoin and that no one had control over their money.  My counter claim was simply an attempt at conveying that the current financial system has many illusions of control, but an astounding majority of our wealth is subject to the dictates of a small number of people who can and do steal its value from the average user on a regular basis.   You have far less control over your dollars and bank account than you think.  You may not yet have had to personally deal with that lack of control, but not everyone has been so lucky.
Edit: clarify, spelling
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:54:47
Of course regulation didn't "create" fractional reserve banking.  That would be like saying that taxes created stealing.  Taxes simply legalized and institutionalized something that always existed and no one liked.  Then instead of being able to defend themselves they were forced into prison or slave labor if they resisted said theft.
Find me a single case in history in which fractional reserve banking and a subsequent bank run did not result in the bank going out of business.  Of course it has always existed, bad things will never simply go away.  If you think regulation fixes it then you are blind.  
A bank that had unbalanced books and resulted in a bank run could never survive unless they are insured and bailed out by the government.  The key is that **they go out of business** therefore making all the other banks go "shit we have to balance our books now!"  Instead when the government bails them it or insures depositors and the bank stays right where it is the other banks say, "ok so we need a politician too and we should make sure we get all the same licenses and privilege that they are getting.  Otherwise we will have to stop fractional banking and obviously we don't want to do that."
@_date: 2014-02-26 13:42:32
Lol exactly my thinking.  Just give him another 4 years and maybe he will finally shape up, too early to judge.  /s
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:55:52
no image or snapshot of what you are referring to?
@_date: 2014-03-21 20:53:07
Ty :)
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:25:25
Yeah the keyword in your example isn't "off chain transactions" it's actually "MtGox."  
Off chain transactions != we lose our coins
MtGox == we lose our coins
@_date: 2014-06-30 20:37:30
That's with a static order book and purchasing the coins in a single order.  There would be a huge influx of sellers available to fill the volume if the price rocketed to $1,000 due to a big purchase.  There is no way the auction went for $1800.  There was likely a premium on the price but only a relatively small one.  3x the market price Is not only ridiculous but completely stupid from an investment standpoint.
@_date: 2014-02-26 13:34:57
Whew, I thought I was the only one.  I like to break out my calculator and verify some transactions before bed every night :)
@_date: 2014-09-28 17:19:12
*Paper* gold crashed.  Physical silver and gold are actually being sold at very high premiums.  It should be obvious as to why when you look at how much paper gold is out there.  I think J.P. Morgan alone traded paper gold notes amounting to more than all known gold deposits in the world.  
Yes, the consequence is that you can't get very good prices on these commodities, but its no different than the fake manipulation that has grossly distorted housing prices for such a long time.  Basically, the stock market gold and silver prices have nothing to do with the actual supply or demand for them. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:57:10
Inform Blockchain.info ASAP just in case, but if the transaction has gone through and the hacker doesn't voluntarily return theme then the chances are slim to none.  You may however have better luck in catching the thief.  Post whatever your bounty is and watch the coins.  They haven't moved yet from the address.  Good luck, I'm sorry this shit happened to you.  Security is a big issue everywhere on the internet and introducing a cryptocurrency only complicates matters and makes the security holes even more glaringly obvious.  
@_date: 2014-12-04 16:53:58
But we also *don't want to be as close-minded and dismissive as they are.*  It might feel really good and righteous to say, "Fucj those assholes!" but it's not productive.  There is nothing wrong with being nice to someone who is ignorant.  In fact, it's likely the only way to change their minds.  
I actually love this.  I say we embrace the trolls and the ignorant.  If they don't get it, prove to them it works.  Sit down and debate like real anarchists/libertarians and *persuade* them.  If they still reject it and remain hard-headed, so be it.  But I say let's be the bigger community.  Let's laugh, understand their distrust, and explain.  
@_date: 2014-03-30 20:16:40
My $20 purchase was horrible about 2 months later when it fell to $2.50.  Today however...
@_date: 2014-10-18 16:10:31
Logged in to upvote.  I always use that line every once in a while.
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:43:25
Or maybe Bitcoin adoption plummeted overnight?  Everyone keeps saying that one day everyone will realize it's just fake digital points and *'poof,'* it's gone.  Remember?  It's just like tulips.
Sad day friends.   It was fun while it lasted. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:56:37
i can agree, but im not understanding why this guy is getting downvoted.  How can we possibly expect the average user to use bitcoin if something like this happens without any alert or recognition.  
Your method might work but should not be *needed.*  Its kind of like asking the average internet user to be sure they backup their bookmarks.plist file every time they add a new favorite to their list just in case their browser isn't in sync with an online account.  Except worse, because with bitcoin you *lose money,* and not like "kinda" lose it until you look it back up online, but gone forever, cant get it back, you're shit out of luck, thank you, good bye.
Yeah this is actually not good, and definitely *not* a fault of the user.  My advice, don't use blockchain.info.  I have had some serious goofy problems with them in the past and can't rightfully recommend their service.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:20:10
I understand the digital signature argument and how hashing proves the status of a document or piece of information, but do you actually store copies of any of these documents?  Obviously books, records, and land titles aren't copied into the blockchain, and you can't recreate the document from a hash.  So what happens if the valid document simply disappears?
In the case of land titles for instance, if the original simply gets destroyed how does your service help?  If there is nothing to confirm with the hash and the hash tells us no useful information about ownership or whatnot without the document, then how do you provide provable ownership/history for the user?
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:58:52
You can ignore a lot of evidence because you like to think that, but it doesn't make it so.  I'm an early adopter and I've spent a shit ton of my coins.  When $200 turns into many thousands it's very hard not to buy something you've wanted for a long time.  Both "examples" however happen to be individual examples that aren't really relevant.  The key is sales differences between when the price is rising and when it's falling.  And sales tend to increase when the price goes up.  Evidence supports this.  
And overstock sales have decreased because people flooded to the site when they initially opened.  It was purchasing power that had been waiting for an opportunity to buy for months as well as people who wanted to support overstock.  Comparing "opening day" sales to daily average sales is similar to claiming no one liked a movie because more people watched it the weekend it was released than every weekend since.  
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:17:50
Higher taxes are good if you want the government to have more money to spend on government desired projects.  If you think it is more desirable for the people to have their own money, that money is more valuable if worked for, and is more wisely spent when earned rather than stolen, then higher taxes are fucking stupid.
EDIT: The worst of both worlds is to believe earned money is healthier for society but that the shit spending habits and mountain of debt racked up by the government should be fixed by higher taxes.  Did they spend your money like idiots, did they drive the economy into so much debt that poverty is pervasive throughout the country?  Giving them more money so they can be "trusted" to pay off that debt is just irresponsible. 
@_date: 2014-08-27 04:27:05
Just to add my personal experience of paying with bitcoin.  I have made a pretty large number of purchases with bitcoin over the last 2 years. A ton of big purchases as well as small.  I buy a beer or two every Thursday night.  I make new wallets and do transfers on a regular basis, I break up large addresses into smaller more dispersed amounts... 
During all that time and through all of those transactions I have not once stopped to think about my transaction fee.  Maybe there is someone out there fretting over those 5 cent every time he/she sends bitcoin, but I think the vast majority of people won't care.  
I do understand the sentiment of course.  Plus, I agree that the opportunity to seem "above it all" should not be passed up.  But let's try not to bring out the cult/shill/religion/psycho bitcoiner drum and beat the thing to death just because someone responded with what happens to be a completely accurate statement.  One that was rectifying a very important mistaken assumption of the response.  The merchant does not, *In fact,* pay the fees (in normal transactions that is).  Whatever that means for customers is fine and worth noting.  The comment you were responding to actually had something to add in this regard.   But simply stating something that is true (mind you *without* any additional claims for revolution or world currency take over) does not deserve to be met with "what a shill!"  
If we are trying to curb our religious devotion to the holy blockchain as a community so we don't sound like crazy salesmen, then we should also be careful not to replace it with immaturity and jackassery.  Calling people shills and idiots when making perfectly reasonable comments doesn't add much to the conversation, the only information gained is that we know you think you are better than somebody else.
TL;DR "Really? was that necessary?"
@_date: 2014-03-23 17:44:29
Lol, there are 6 billion unbanked stuck in horrible conditions.  If a technology similar to Bitcoin could be adopted then their lives would be significantly improved.  Obviously it may very well not occur and is a long shot to say the least.  However, the possibility exists and **if** it happened I wouldn't complain about the rich early adopters.  
Definitely circle jerky but my post was simply to give my thoughts on it and I can't exclude the *possibilities* of the technology in my assessment of that.  For the very same reason we have to assume Bitcoin succeeds to be mad at the early adopters, because otherwise they just have a ton of worthless points on a computer program nobody wants to use.  It's specifically *because* it's working that people get bothered.
Edit: not sure why I'm getting downvoted.  The "lol" wasn't for belittling his post.  I actually thought what he said was funny.  "Billions of lives" was pretty ridiculous.  Tone is very hard to convey in text.  
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:31:05
This is true I guess.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:40:20
OMG MY PENNY!
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:17:31
It would absolutely have to be based on the fiat equivalent though.  Too easy to exploit otherwise.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:01:46
Your internet *does not equal* ubiquitous internet connection.  And in reality it probably takes longer for multiple reasons.  
1. your speed is measured in Mbits not MBytes
2. your max speed is not going to be achieved to any connection except your headend and/or the closest speed test server
3. it is limited by the *upload* speed of other users holding the blockchain not your *download* speed. (which i might add is very commonly 1Mb if your aren't spending more than $40)
4. the blockchain still has notoriously slow connections, my connection is 55Mb/s.  yet I generally get about 800Kb consistently when downloading the blockchain with good conncetions.
edit: formatting
source: I'm a broadband technician
@_date: 2014-01-12 21:41:06
Exactly.  Complaining on reddit is akin to being a political activist.  You'll never accomplish anything, but you do at least bring awareness to the issues... well, sometimes.  
The solution isn't in educating people about a better option.  The *real* solution will be coded.  Not a change to the bitcoin protocol, but maybe a protocol that better organizes miners.  P2Pool has the right idea, but is just lacking in implementation.  There needs to be a decentralized, **easy to use**, zero fee, and secure mining pool (or multiple).  Maybe its P2Pool with some updates, or maybe there is a better way to accomplish it.  Maybe a program can be written that automatically creates multiple decentralized pools and limits their size automatically so that people can be shifted from one to another and never even know it's happening.  
Either way I agree.  This a software problem, not a "people aren't making the right choices, so we should explain the better option," problem.  Make the better option the default.  :)
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:05:28
He was "for sciencing" and stumbled upon it.
@_date: 2015-05-20 18:52:44
Any proof for yours?  I'm confused as to how yours is somehow more reliable when there is evidence that the undercover DEA agent was,, blackmailing people, sending threats, and stealing bitcoin.  


Not only has there not been a trial for the murder for hire shit but he is being sentenced for *running a website* not murder.  
It was a fucking *smear campaign* and the DEA agents wanted something to make him look terrible so that all the obedient dogs like you would eat it up and be totally ok with sending him to prison for a millenia for running a website.  The entire thing was both instigated and orchestrated by the undercover agent.  He was a crooked fuck trying to drive people crazy, threaten their lives, and encourage everyone involved to make stupid decisions.  He bragged about it for god's sake.
EDIT:  Never forget, if it wasn't a smear campaign used to bolster a negative opinion about him so they could have an easy win in court, then why the fuck did they later drop the charges entirely?
@_date: 2014-07-04 22:03:54
I think people are finding it hard to believe that Bitcoin and its infrastructure are actually in a state of "working properly" right now.  With the amazing history of hacks, massive scams, complete business failures, and moronic government reactions it can be very intense as a trader I'm sure.  I honestly look for the next piece of bad news every time i get on reddit.  
Bitcoin has had a very rough time of its early years.  A lot is still needed to be learned, but we now have companies and developers and code that have survived some major hurdles and remained intact.  While a lot of people are waiting for the next disaster, good news seems to repeatedly make headlines.  
This year I predict wallets will become simple and secure, addresses will start to disappear into the background, anonymity will be far easier and cheaper to get, fees will start to disappear or shrink significantly (service-wise that is), and the economy will begin to separate more definitely into multiple specific industries and finally get the Bitcoin 2.0 space really moving.
2014 is going to be an epic year :)
Edit: Also you will be able to spend Bitcoin literally anywhere.  
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:56:40
I'm not pissed at them fighting for their survival.   I think they made the right choice which I thought I noted in my last paragraph.
I'm pissed that they *have to* protect themselves from an institution that is religiously worshipped and touted as our great protectors.
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:55:39
They Aren't *giving* their wealth to anyone.  Wealth is only stolen if the currency is counterfeited.  Someone who puts money into bitcoin and causes the price to increase is not giving wealth to other bitcoin holders at their loss.  They are gaining additional value themselves if the price rises and sharing it equally with anyone holding Bitcoin on the network.  The fact that a thief gains value is irrelevant and so does Satoshi Forest.  You could easily make the claim that no one would want to sell their sandwiches to the public because their restaurant adds value to the community and any crooks that live there may enjoy them as well.  
@_date: 2014-08-09 21:48:01
You are missing the point of how bitcoin works though.  You could triple or even have 10x the transactions and the cost doesn't go up.  The actual measurement is *cost per block* and the number of transactions are different in each block.  Therefore you could easily pick a block with hardly any transactions and say "look at these expensive transactions!!!"
@_date: 2014-08-23 15:21:46


BUT, if you understand money as a medium that trades real value.  A sort of point system for favors owed. Then suddenly the picture makes more sense.  A saver isn't hoarding and hurting the economy, they are in fact working their ass off, providing value and favors for other people, without requesting anything back.  They are holding their small favors in order to ask society for a bigger favor later down the road.  This also makes the banks much more transparent as well.  They are loaning out favors that will never be fulfilled.  They are giving away the points without ever doing a favor or producing anything for anyone else.   Imagine being able to loan money that you don't even have.  Shit ill loan you a million dollars right now!! You now owe me a million dollars worth of favors that I never produced for a soul on earth.  I simply friended the right politician and made sure I could counterfeit without any consequences outside of getting very rich, very quickly, and not having to do anything for it.  And if half the country can't pay it back, well then I'll just take their houses in order to pay off the favors and the work that I never performed.
When it's simply always been a certain way it becomes extremely difficult to see.  But the rich aren't rich (broadly speaking) because they produce stuff for everyone.  It's largely because they either counterfeit the currency that everyone else is *trying* to use for keeping tallies on "favors paid and favors owed," or they have buddy buddy ties with the people who do.  But it makes the prices paid by the average person rise steadily.  Makes gas go from $1.50 to $4.00 in only 8 years, makes the price of houses triple, pushes profit margins higher and higher, encouraging greater volume of debt, which forces those in power to lower the interest rate (since it has *nothing* to do with amount of money available), therefore encouraging more debt and forcing us to pay them back an even greater sum of labor hours, man power, and real value that they *never provided.*
Ask yourself, how could a *bank* hold trillions of dollars in assets without making anything?  Why do *they* own houses that someone else bought and another person built?  Prices economy wide would be **vastly*** different if money had a stable supply.  Money is a tool to measure value put into an economy and value taken out.  They absolutely must be equal to each other. 
**TL;DR** If society only makes 20 sandwiches then no one can eat 30.  Thanks to FRB however, we can loan the paper to buy 30 sandwiches by creating it out of thin air.  Then when everyone is fighting over the 20 that exist, the price will double, the 20 available will get eaten, shops will make twice the sandwiches and hire more bakers, 10 people will default without getting sandwiches since the price is now too high, the price of sandwiches will plummet, the sandwich shops then have to fire their new employees, and everyone will spend the following week paying the value of those sandwiches back **to the bank.**
And after all this, society will be back to making 20 sandwiches but 5 bakers will be out of a job and 30 people will owe money to the banks and absolutely nothing of real, lasting value will have been accomplished.  And the bankers will be richer than when they started. 
That's what's wrong with fractional reserve banking.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:40:05
Thats the thing about sidechains is that they dont need any change (or very little) to the main bitcoin code.
And yes, a lot of work is being done on sidechains right now.  That's what the lightning network is and the blockstream team is working on. 
@_date: 2015-05-20 16:22:48
rejoices in seeing non-violent people have their lives destroyed... very glad you are not someone i have to spend any time with.
@_date: 2014-11-04 23:47:40
Yeah and I don't remember anyone laughing at the iPhone, certainly not Microsoft.  In fact, I'm not sure any of the people listed actually laughed at those things... This meme confuses me.
@_date: 2014-12-05 04:25:35
except that I've now talked to 2 people who have personally been hacked (using blockchain) and both were using the Tor network and were hacked with addresses linked to the same wallets.  
Sounds like a lot of people (i don't know all the circumstances of other hacks) who may have been susceptible to a compromised Tor exit node.
Your claim has about as much sense and fact behind it as claiming ghosts changed the channel on my TV because I can't come up with any other good reason for it to have occurred.  To group Neo &amp; Bee (a blantant scam that has already gone under and stolen actual coins) to a bunch of unrelated wallets being separately hacked, on separate occasions, under different circumstance on the same (and VERY widely used) wallet website is just ridiculous.
If you have evidence please provide it.  Otherwise you should probably cut your losses and stop defending a baseless assumption based specifically on your *lack* of knowledge.
@_date: 2014-04-24 22:36:15
"Distancing ourselves from extremist anarchists who want murder-for-hire to be the norm in the community"
You can't be serious right?  So anyone who even suggests we can organize ourselves **any** differently than the way society is currently organized *clearly* just wants to murder everyone they don't like, would refuse to work or do anything productive, and prays for heroin to rain from the skies.  Or at least that is what seems to be implied by your view of "anarchists."  I'm honestly kind of surprised you would consider Bitcoin as a technology if this is a normal reaction to your entrenched ideas of the world.
FYI, Bitcoin is a protocol that allows anarchy.  Each user is equal, there are no special groups or rulers enforcing updates or deciding who does and does not use it.  Any decision, organization, application, innovation, or service in the entire space is neither required nor forced on any individual.  No transactions can be censored. And no matter the philosophical or political stand of its users, bitcoins are *owned* by the holder of the private keys and no one else.  
Anarchy is voluntary association and organization. That is *all* it means.  Practically the entire internet is a vast global experiment in anarchism.  Communities make their own rules, freely associate with one another, produce their own goods, trade freely (they can now anyway), create their own markets, and when someone disagrees or thinks differently than that community, they have complete freedom to leave and look elsewhere.  And they don't have to get written permission from the major internet companies or spend $300 on an internet passport to visit a different social network.
I guess it's a good thing all this *anarchy* happens behind a computer screen.  Because if we were all interacting in person we would clearly be slitting each other's throats and raping all of the children.  The 2 or 3 people who thought that such actions would be unproductive and cruel would obviously have no chance against the chaotic onslaught of murderers, rapist, and gun toting psychopaths.
TL;DR Anarchy means not having rulers that force their beliefs, preferences, monetary policies, or "perfect" healthcare plans onto everyone else.  Bitcoin enforces this very thing (within its own ecosystem) by design.  It is **designed** with the direct intention of *preventing* ideological censorship and centralized authority.  It *is* anarchy, this is why libertarians/anarchists were generally the first to see and understand its value.
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:22:42
This could be a great thing IMO.  I meet a lot of people through my job and end up talking about Bitcoin more often than I should.  Those who are interested always ask for a website or youtube video to check out.  I end up writing down a long list of links and search terms on some random sheet of paper.  This has probably happened roughly 20-25 times in the last few months.
I simply think that having references, links, and trusted companies available when a person takes an active interest in Bitcoin could significantly help in spreading the right information to the right people. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 01:42:12
I just need to gather a lot of money before they do.  I would love to have one more chance for some crazy cheap coins :)
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:37:14
Agreed.  The most recent obituaries, unless you are there with an understanding that it's wrong to start with, are more likely to be taken seriously seeing as their predictions would still have unknown results.  Whereas a prediction from 3 years ago claiming Bitcoin is dead at $5 has been proven blatantly inaccurate.   Then seeing an additional 69 obituaries would just seem like more of the same ignorance.  
I, as a long time advocate, would rather see the most recent, but for newcomers I think starting with the oldest is more impactful. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:03:19
X could also go up in value.  And dollars could go down in value. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:30:36
I admit it could seem weird, but then again, imagine if someone had spent the last few months walking around with $20,000 in cash on his/her person.  *Then* putting it under a mattress would seem perfectly reasonable and would indeed make them feel safer.
@_date: 2014-09-06 00:38:16
Agreed, I like the futuristic appearance as well as just looking unconventional.  Bitcoin certainly is that if it's anything at all.  
*edit: word choice
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:56:03
Is Bitcoin still a scarce digital token or not?
@_date: 2014-11-25 13:48:16
Dont forget that it also confirms all the government's silly bad-guy market stories.  That somehow everything is always getting poorer but no one can see or knows why.  That the market is just incentivized to keep everyone dirty and homeless and without the government constantly increasing minimum wage where would "the market" leave us?  It creates in-fighting and worst of all it creates stress and anger without anything concrete to aim it at.
All of these things make government's job easier.  The more angry, stressed, poor, and fearful the people are, the more necessary and "obvious" it is that the world would go to shit without the government "watching over us."
Its really gross when you look at the big picture.
@_date: 2014-12-04 22:44:52
Yes.  The 150gb was an example of possible future size, not current size.
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:12:39
Well if you needed to buy something from Target you could get someone to send you .01 Bitcoin, (from anywhere) with which you immediately buy a giftcard on gyft.com and then you buy that thing you wanted at Target.
This can be done while inside the Target store in about a minute if you had internet (done it).  
However, if they need cash... maybe not so much.  But the target card is a very new development.  Give it a few weeks and who knows ;)   - might not be long before people think $5 is a lot for just sending a little money.
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:18:34
lol, believing violence and coercion are bad and that we can build economic systems that remove such behavior from society somehow makes one a "fanatic ideologue?"  
 
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:46:31
The insane delusion of that statement is that you somehow believe that if a person works for an institution named wal-mart that they have only their own interest at heart but if you change Wal-mart to "government" and have them steal money from people instead of having to convince them to buy a product that somehow their greed and self-interest is washed away.
@_date: 2015-05-22 22:17:24
Education and healthcare are both expensive specifically because of government involvement.  When they print and loan new money at manipulated interest rates just look where the money goes.  A vast majority goes into higher education, healthcare, and housing.  When you dump fake money into an industry under the guise of "helping people pay for it" the prices just skyrocket, and then *no one can pay for it.*
@_date: 2015-05-15 11:03:31
what?  The whole idea of this post was that bitcoin still works and has not been cheated.  I wasn't suddenly "proven wrong"  I was there when this exploit happened. I updated my node when we had to roll back for the 6 blocks or whatever it was.  But those coins are gone and they were only there for like a block and there were no successful transactions with them.  That was the whole idea.  Its still working, it responded to a problem, and it still operates with the same scarce token.  Bitcoin didn't go "e-gold" and die because it had a fatal flaw, its still doing the same thing it always has.
@_date: 2015-05-22 12:59:05
True. and that's because there is no incentive to save dollars.  you are actually punished for it.  Bitcoin on the other hand...
@_date: 2014-11-05 21:08:18
36 Double DAM, lol
@_date: 2014-08-26 20:51:26
I had sweet tea about an hour ago and ate barbecue for dinner last night.  Can vouch the above statement is true.  
Source: I'm a North Carolinian.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:58:56
"minutes" was supposed to be for 100MB blocks not 21MB.  I reread my post and realized i had everything in the wrong order.  I was thinking about it right in my head but the post didn't translate properly, lol.  I'm not really worried about propogating 21MB blocks.  Which is why I think making them that size is not hugely problematic. I am worried about going indefinitely higher though. 
I'm at work and trying to write these quickly between other stuff.  I would edit my post but I think the idea gets across even though the numbers are out of place.
@_date: 2015-05-03 04:58:36
If you have a car and I take it from you at gun point then I have stolen it.  If I make a copy of it and drive away in my copy then it obviously is *not* stealing.  The ethics of the situation aside you can't call it stealing because it just isn't. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:22:15
We may not have to.  The WWL may find itself more valuable as a "clearinghouse" style chain.  Where transactions are pooled on sidechains and then verified in just 1 or 2 transactions on the main blockchain.  This would allow us anonymity chains, lightning chains, asset chains, and so on.   A market for fees would manage the demand for transactions on the main chain in order to add a kind of ultimate verification to a smaller/less secure chain.
All this being said, I've not worked all this out or anything, Im just realizing recently that there are more arguments against raising the limit indefinitely than I had originally thought.  I had been thinking that it was the obvious solution until I did more reading from other devs/users.  I am far more reluctant to the notion than I was a week or so ago.
@_date: 2015-05-14 11:27:11
sigh, i see excited and overzealous predictions or "this is it folks" type posts get upvoted all the time.  then almost invariably, there is a "you're getting ahead of yourself, this probably wont be that big of a deal" comment in response, generally with a lot of upvotes.
Then, inevitably, comes the most ignorant of them all.  the guy who grabs his dick and screams "CANT SAY REASONABLE THINGS!!  R/BITCOIN IS A CULT, SENSIBLE THINGS GET DOWNVOTED!  I'M IMPORTANT AND AM SAYING THINGS THAT MAKE ME BETTER THAN OTHER PEOPLE!"
And this is almost *immediately* after the sensible, realistic comment becomes the highest rated comment in the thread...  Just sayin.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:02:17
Paid off dem student loans yet?  My college education got me jack as far as a job.  It was a fun experience socially but it was worthless as an investment.  I could have gotten the job I have today regarding technical skills when I was 16.  And the last thing I want now is a mortgage that traps me in my job and makes it that much harder to adapt.  
Also, unfortunately, in a short amount of time you could find yourself in a mortgage worth more than your house could be sold for.  Just like millions of other Americans.  Not trying to shit on your parade, just felt like letting you know the "get a job, buy a house" life plan hasn't worked out very well for a *lot* of people in the younger generations.  Glad it seems to be working for you though.
@_date: 2015-05-26 14:53:26
Imitation is the greatest form of flattery.  
Problem is they refuse to imitate the most important characteristics because they like their control and power too much.
@_date: 2015-05-18 00:08:59
If they "work for us" then we should have the choice to not pay them when they fail to do their job.  Corruption will never go away as long as attempts at not funding said corruption ends with the moral dissenter in a cage and the corrupt politician with greater power.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:56:58
I think in the context of progress, decentralization is a billion year trend.  Its basically the nature of evolution.  Life is a decentralized system for sustaining, replicating, and advancing an information storage network, DNA, while simultaneously adapting to changes in environment.  DNA is our biological protocol and it is designed (by necessity not by choice) to replicate and grow the information that has characteristics for survival and abandon those that do not.  
In the context of never ending decentralization among life systems and constant progress of technology, yes, something like bitcoin would either occur eventually, or our progress as a species would have been halted.  Centralized systems cannot accommodate the variety of ideas and systems we have today.  There are too many billions of new innovations and concepts created or being tried by the week.  And this will only accelerate.  To limit societal implementation of these ideas to those known and agreed upon by a committee of old dudes is so unbelievably doomed its hard to properly explain it with words. 
At this point the number one hindrance to a global economy, the end of poverty, and higher layer information protocols for humanity (basically the TCP/IP of human thought), is centralized control.  It severely limits the number of ideas that spread, it limits alternatives, it limits the reach and scope of the system, and (though it was once a great leap forward) it has many years ago reached its peak of usefulness in human society.  
TL;DR a very very long trend of decentralization suggests the answer is yes.
Here is one of my favorite videos about this concept: [Technology's real story](
Thanks for the tip!!
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:25:35
It's funny, but all the Bitcoin Foundation nonsense makes me very hopeful.   This is an institution that claims it "represents" the community but doesn't have the ability to steal our money.  As the community loses faith, sees corruption and incompetence, and feels wholly **un**represented, the institution is *actually* falling apart and its own members are abandoning it.  
This is what happens in a free market where contributions are voluntary.  The government is nothing more than an institution that is *supposed* to represent the community's goals and concerns, while acting as a forum to organize and communicate societal standards.  Yet as it becomes corrupted, incompetent, and harmful it grows instead of dies.  It becomes more corrupt, more incompetent, more violent, and more destructive. 
The key difference between the two systems is nothing other than the ability to steal money from its constituents.  Whether through counterfeiting currency, threatening violence, or actually taking it from bank accounts.  Bitcoin changes this.  Each of those methods just became a lot more difficult.  I imagine the government will take a similar decline as their money collapses.  What a fascinating time to be alive.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:07:39
lol did you get them coins?  Where are they?  fuck guess its time to sell.
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:34:10
And they will also become economic powerhouses.  People really underestimate the power of a poor economy during a growth stage.  Most third world countries are starting from scratch.  They have very little manufacturing plants, infrastructure, or capital wealth to speak of.  But what makes this so powerful is that they dont have old shit that needs to be replaced.  When they do build their networks it will be done by skipping 80 years of infrastructure that in many places is still standing in more modern countries.  They will start at smartphones and 4G without ever worrying about landlines.  They will start with 3D printing and additive manufacturing processes.  They will start with Bitcoin and cheap, decentralized, secure payment networks.  The explosion that they will likely experience will be unparalleled.  If the governments don't attack their own economies (or maybe are at least hindered in doing so by the guarantees and securities of technological advancements) the "third world" might one day make us jealous.
@_date: 2015-05-28 21:39:49
Maybe that's because it's easier to buy Bitcoin than it is to learn multiple programming languages, design a new piece of software, and proceed to code it for hours and days without any pay or compensation.  Risking that it might not work at all, or that no one will care.  
This will *always* be the case for the same reason that there are more people who use the iPhone than know how to build one.  Don't act like your better than everyone else because you can point it out.  
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:06:10
Said individual would have to have the foresight to never spend at any point before that.  Not to mention early adopters actually provide a crucial service to the network.  They provide liquidity and demand when it's practically non-existent.  Which is exactly what a young currency or resource needs to ever have a future.  It needs people to understand its value when everyone else thinks it's worthless.  And again it's not the buyer *taking* the million dollar home, It's the owners choice to *sell* that home *on* the network (currency) which adds the value.   
Which is exactly why a central issuer is a bad idea and susceptible to so much corruption.  You think the government is immune to this somehow?  The only thing that makes the government different is that you are forced to use their currency whereas if you think a counterfeit proof, scarce, secure, and decentralized money is stupid you are completely free to ignore and have nothing to do with it.  Where as if I think an openly counterfeited, debt-based, price manipulated money run by the government is a bad idea it's still shoved down my throat.   It happens to be the source of the worst and most destructive behaviors and policies imaginable.  Ones that don't result in losses for people voluntarily taking an investment risk, but instead result in starving entire populations, and hurting the impoverished who never intended to take any risk with their life savings but got screwed anyway.  If you don't believe me then ask Venezuela, Iran, Argentina and a handful of other countries that are going through this as I type this post.
And that is the reason why no sane population should put up with the idea of a monopolistic and government-based monetary system.
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:08:07
Do people even research stuff anymore? 


sigh, again with this crap?  If bitcoin didn't have a future then who the fuck is going to secure information on a blockchain no one is mining for?  That huge secure network becomes worthless immediately. 


Yes... yes he did.  Many posts and conversations about it.  I think its actually in the damn whitepaper.  
These are *2 of the first 4 paragraphs.*  I stopped reading immediately because at paragraph 4 the writer had yet to make an accurate statement.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:32:58
eh, there are certainly ~~times of the day~~ [more like high volume moments] when blocks do hit maximum size.  I only support it in order to give us the room to grow while we find a more permanent solution and/or develop sidechains.  
It seems silly to make such a long term decision when we literally don't have a single protocol or sidechain running on top of the blockchain yet as a second layer.  We still have no idea where new ideas could lead us.  I'm just in the "let's give ourselves enough time to see where the biggest pressures end up after more development" boat.
@_date: 2015-05-20 18:01:48
Yeah, after reading a bit i got that it wasn't a replacement, but either way its a start. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:51:28
When someone implies you are stupid would you politely attempt a thorough explanation of why you are not stupid while remaining completely professional and never deviating from said argument?
Todd took a public jab at Gavin on Twitter, over something that clearly was BS, and Gavin attempted to respond with a pretty reasonable explanation.  Can't fault him at all for making a little jab back.  
Seems perfectly reasonable response to me.  If you punch somebody, you better expect to get punched back.  
@_date: 2015-05-23 04:30:02
Actually it makes perfect sense.  If interest rates are driven by how much saving is available then the rates rise dramatically when we are loaned to the hilt.  This isn't allowed to happen.  If prices get too high, people simply stop purchasing the product or service, or they shop *extensively* for a cheap alternative.  Textbooks are a great example.  You are right there is a crazy racket around textbooks but how does everyone have the money to buy all that shit?  Where does all the money come from for the doubled tuitions?  Why, when they raise tuition, do they still get *more* applicants the following year?  Because none of the money comes from any earned source.  Its all industry-specific inflation.  The government creates it out of thin air.  No one ever saved that money, the interest rates have nothing to do with available savings and every time prices rise, so do debt subsidies.  The schools raise their tuitions but *still get more students the following year.*  My school raised tuition *twice* and still received more applicants every year.


Why do you think alternative education has been so insanely slow in adoption?  The "normal" system is still affordable because you can get a government subsidized loan for it.  If no one could get those loans they would flock to alternative education in droves and higher education with "general college," non-specific degrees, and insane prices would look like an insane waste of money.  Then this would necessarily drop the price of higher education and rather than building new dorms, raising tuition, and reorganizing their textbook chapters, colleges would figure out how to integrate these new, cheap alternatives to drive down their prices and teach people the specific skills they desire at an affordable price.
Prices *go up* because there is *nothing pushing them down.*  Prices are pushed up by the cost of the product or service, the demand for it, and the quality in comparison to alternatives.  It is driven down by the customer's ability to shop for and their knowledge of alternatives, their preferences, and most importantly *by their available budget.* 
If you could take out a "no interest for 10 years" loan to buy a car would you buy one right now?  To replace what you are currently driving?  I certainly would.  My car is a piece of shit, but i drive it still because it runs and i cant afford a real, *not-subsidized* car loan.  Therefore I am *saving* to buy a car, and I will not buy a new one, I will buy a decent $8,000 *used* car.  But If I didn't have to pay the interest, or had an insanely low interest rate that resulted in $20 a month or something, why the hell wouldn't i take that?  Would this make more or less people buy cars?  The prices of cars would necessarily increase, so too would all factors of production, and there would be ten times the number of dealerships, manufacturers, and models.  


If you increase the price of the service or good you inevitably increase the factors of production.  More students with loans, means they need more textbooks, more teachers, more buildings, more administrators, and so on.  The higher profits of the schools feed into these industries so they can all afford to expand and meet the artificial demand.
An MRI for humans cost exorbitant amounts of money and takes a long time to schedule.  An MRI for a dog is far cheaper and takes hardly any wait time.  Why?  Because one is normally subsidized and the other is not.  Same with cosmetic surgery versus regular medical surgery, prices fall in that specific industry because its the least covered by insurance or subsidized by government.  Lasik has gone from $2,000 an eye when I was little (which was the talk of the family because it was crazy cheap) and I just recently saw it advertised for $250 an eye. 
TL;DR  If you give your customer cheap money at little to no cost without having to earn it first, the demand for whatever they are purchasing will necessarily increase, and so will the price.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:43:13
The two sentences were not one quote.  I grabbed the first line from the "for the fork" crowd and the second from the "against the fork" crowd.
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:41:22
More importantly even is that the security of colored coins and land titles and whatnot secured by the blockchain are all *derivatives* of blockchain security.  Meaning if someone attacks the blockchain to get a super valuable colored coin, who the hell is going to value colored coins secured by the blockchain anymore?  You've basically just killed the entire colored coin market by doing this.
@_date: 2015-05-22 22:20:10
Government paying for everyone's healthcare and education *does not equal* everyone being healthy and educated.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 04:35:37
Except that surge pricing is the critical factor to ensuring as many available drivers as possible on high volume nights.   
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:29:10


So you are saying, because *you* think America is a free country, when someone uses the only sad avenues left to someone in defending their liberty that they are being hypocrites?  
America may be, by some comparative degree, *more* free (or really *less coercive*) than country whatever, but that does not make America "a free country."  It is not.  We have multiple nationalized industries, nearly half of every dollar spent is either indirectly or directly controlled by the government, and a huge number of committees and alphabet soup institutions decide without vote or public input hundreds of thousands of pages of rules and nit-picky bullshit that citizens must follow or else they will be stolen from, caged, beaten or killed if they resist or refuse.  If someone clings to a handful of pages that are supposed to protect them from the overreach of government when their rights are being infringed upon, then they better know that paper back and front.  Especially when the aggressors have zero respect for natural law or the rights of individuals and only give a shit about government approved dictates and the opinions of authority.
@_date: 2015-05-20 15:37:30
Without a doubt.  We are the cells of something bigger that we are constructing in an effort to be better connected.  Right now that "bigger thing" is very rudimentary.  But it is being improved upon and altered at an astonishing pace.  Just like we are a physical abstraction of the information in our DNA, the internet and decentralized information protocols we are building are the foundations for the technological abstraction of what is in our minds.  And just as DNA is inseparable from its biology, so too will we and our technology be the same thing.  Our minds and the internet (if current trends do not stop or diverge) will eventually work using the same means of communication.  Gonna be a crazy world when that shit happens lol.
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:28:47
wtf is it with you people and conspiracies?
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:43:44


Very true.  In this case it only causes a misallocation of existing resources.  Where the individual who earned it might have spent it on clothes or house payments or repairs or whAtever, it is instead spent on the goals or values of a politician, some committee, or lobbyist interest.   when it is done through newly created loans and/or money creation is just causes inflation within the industry.  Subsidies will still affect prices though, it would only be an industry specific misallocation whereas the new loan creation creates a massive debt bubble.
@_date: 2015-05-31 12:50:59
because you run into a serious bottleneck with bandwidth.  you also have to propogate these blocks as fast as possible.  Anyone can download a 1Mb block in maybe 5-10 seconds, making orphaned blocks rare and easy to mitigate.  ~~21Mb~~ (correction 100MB) blocks could take minutes to download on some connections.  This could easily run you into the problem where people are confirming 1 or even 2 blocks deep only to find out that they were orphaned by a block that simply took a long time to download.  Then your 2 confirmations suddenly become zero again.  (rare but possible)
Now imagine this problem with ~~100Mb blocks or higher~~ (even larger than 100MB blocks).  Suddenly the only nodes with real network influence are being run at Google, Apple, AT&amp;T, and Comcast headquarters.  Only where you can get the fastest network connections.  And all the users who loved Bitcoin for its decentralization are looking at another centralized monster that is far from "trustless."
I think 21Mb blocks are perfect, and keeping a hard limit I also think is important to maintain scarcity in transactions, this encourages people to conserve transactions, creates a true market for fees, and promotes innovation at the edges.  Where sidechains, parallel protocols, and 2.0 applications can solve our major problems and progress the network forward while keeping the underlying blockchain secure and decentralized.
I'm for an increase in block size, but i totally get the arguments to keep it limited.
Edit: just clarifying, wrote this too quickly, am not worried about 21MB size.
@_date: 2015-01-15 13:01:39
Clearly it says fhashtaghashtaghashtaghashtag.   Don't you even speak internet?
@_date: 2015-01-30 20:00:57
equity like the $200,000 houses bought during the credit bubble thanks to massive money expansion that are now only worth $100,000?   Seems in practice it does wonders to destroy the middle class.  You can't loan dollars that haven't been saved.  When you do the economy is thrown out of balance.  The demand suddenly far outweighs the supply since its based on purchasing power not yet earned.  Subsequently that false demand eventually runs out, and the money has to finally be earned.  Thus popping the bubble. It is a net negative no matter what way you look at it and it distorts prices.  It has been hurting the middle class for a long time.
@_date: 2015-05-20 16:16:56
lol, anytime :)
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:15:35


Interesting, but im not sure if it would be true or not.  Not sure how the relationship works out with the varying uploads and the company having main fiber connections to large hubs around the world.  Their dedicated fiber connections clearly have an advantage.  
All I know is that i get super slow blockchain downloads despite having a fantastic connection and if blocks were 100MB or more Id have some issues.  Obviously id grab the main chain off of torrents, but downloading blocks would still be a slow process.  Im sure there are many ways to increase the connections and speed up downloads.  Which I absolutely want to see improved, and I support increasing the block size to 21MB because i think, even with the connections im used to, it is a perfectly reasonable size.  I just dont think jumping the gun to a variable size block that could grow indefinitely is a good idea at this point.  There are a lot of problems to work out first and I think Bitcoin itself is far more valuable as a decentralized clearinghouse for larger conglomerations of transactions and the "verifyer" of token scarcity.  I'm not against raising the block size, I just don't think our first move should be to assume an infinite blocksize is manageable and "we will figure it out later."
@_date: 2015-01-10 12:55:52
Well..  even if Bitstamp lost a lot of money doesn't it simply matter whether or not they have enough to cover customers' deposits?  They got hacked for an electronic currency.  it won't be the last time that sort of thing happens with bitcoin.  But if they can cover what they owe then yeah "shit happens."  Considering your bank probably doesn't have a 10th of the reserves for what they owe I'd say Bitstamp is doing pretty damn good.  
You are worried about people not caring that Bitstamp lost a bunch of its own money when *no one gives a shit* that the banking industry is leveraged like 50 to 1.  Sounds to me like the bitcoin economy is about a billion miles ahead of the game if they are *even asking about solvency.*  Bitstamp just recently **proved** that they could pay everyone back.  Show me **one** bank that has done this and I won't consider your comment completely ignorant.  That's all the response you need, is a *single bank,* just one, that has proven 100% solvency to its customers.  Good luck.
@_date: 2014-09-03 20:09:56


I don't really see where any assertion of that degree was made.  The comments are merely thankful of a level-headed technical breakdown (from someone who knows what they are talking about) of how Bitcoin works and why it is an important technology. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 14:53:53
keep in mind that Mary has changed her business model too.  She has increased prices, hired new employees, and probably expanded in this process to accommodate her "much larger" customer base (all who cant actually afford to drink).  Then when her customers are loaned to the max and start defaulting they stop coming to the bar.  Then she has triple the costs and high prices that normal customers cant pay.  Therefore she has to downsize, fire, reduce prices, sell off equipment, cut spending and excess, and get back to her original (or probably smaller) size to get back to a market sustainable position.
@_date: 2015-01-18 21:50:04
It was done for a school project.  Just thought it was neat and that you guys might enjoy it :)
@_date: 2015-01-24 12:54:53
Usage has TRIPLED from 3 to than 9 users!!
@_date: 2015-01-23 13:52:09
Wtf is it with everyone talking about "the free market" like it is some specific committee of people somewhere with evil intentions? The only two discernible facts regarding government or market products is whether the trade which occurred to create it was issued by force through legal confiscation (taxes) or whether the transaction was voluntary (within the market).
Your statement that the government created the Internet is so mind bogglingly ridiculous I don't even know what to say.  If they had a hand in creating the very base beginnings of a communication protocol who the fuck cares?   That's like saying the government made all the cars because some overpaid government engineer group helped design the wrench.  
Do you search using a government search engine?  What government email service do you use?  I certainly love government Netflix, so many government made movies to watch. I can't tell you how many government funded Final Cut tutorials I've watched on YouTube!  Not to mention the tax subsidy for How to Tie a Tie videos.  I always play my free government provided League of Legends on the government managed servers when I get off work too.  Then when I need to know something I look it up on the government edited Wikipedia that is fact-checked by 3 government paid committees.  Otherwise I check out government mandated HowStuffWorks.com unless I want I have some broken phone of course, then I go to iFixIt.con where I can find government written manuals to fix every electronic device known to man for free.  I then relax and catch up on the world and my favorite topics by browsing the government committee organized and moderated Reddit.com.  Without the government we clearly wouldn't have anything!  /severe sarcasm
FYI The Internet that you claim is only great because of the government happens to be *completely comprised of voluntarily added user generated content.* In other words, "stuff made in the free market."  **If you really think the Internet is what it is today because tax money helped build Arpanet to transfer text strings between government computers, And then "the free market" (other people who didn't steal money to build something) decided to use it to create an open, global, user generated network with so many solutions, apps, programs, and content created in an hour that one person could never view it in a lifetime is solely the work of "government"... Then you sir are blind.  The entire fucking thing is user content.  The government has even spent tons of money trying to implement proprietary standards that the Internet just rejects.  Everything I use on the Internet is miraculously lacking a government committee or tax program to fund or organize it.  In fact a majority of what I use is oddly being constantly attacked by that government.  --I guess since they created it all they have the right to destroy it right?--  
TLDR Seriously I can't believe how ignorant your comment is here on the completely user-run free-to-browse news and link sharing website that connects millions of people with extraordinary amounts of interesting, funny, and bizarre content and cat videos.
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:45:22
Obviously one cannot read some shit like this without a mountain of skepticism.  Here are my thoughts:
1.  Wouldn't that be awesome.  What could be better than to have completely free perpetual energy?
2.  Oh Tesla!  Could there be an easier "supposed" source for an infinite energy machine than a guy who died a long time ago who is incredibly famous, was very showy and mysterious, has an avalanche of taboo around him, lead an insane life, and was in truth a genius?
3.  RESONANCE DID IT!  Well that sounds great and all but explains jack shit.  My guitar resonates and makes sound louder but that doesn't mean i can stop strumming it and it makes noise forever.
4.  if i put 1Kw into the device and it puts out 10Kw, then doesn't that mean i can plug the output into the input and the power will continue to multiple until the thing explodes and sends a 1,000,000Kw into my house?
5.  WTF rly?  I just have a really hard time believing this crap because it sells to the most basic of desires (meaning everyone WANTS to believe it) and it doesn't make any practical sense.  Why is it that literally nothing else ive experienced in my life follows the supposed laws that apply to this machine? 
6. Calling it a "Quantum Generator" certainly doesn't help because in my experience Quantum means "I don't have a fucking clue what I'm talking about"
@_date: 2014-11-25 12:44:09
Shhhh.  You'll mess up the "look at the stupid bitcoin circle jerkers" circle jerk.  Responses with actual information or useful debate have no place here.
@_date: 2015-01-06 02:38:25
With that argument though governments wouldn't be monopolies because there is more than one.  I simply mean they derive their authority by the threat or use of force.  Ruling over a smaller geographical area doesn't make it any less wrong.  They enter communities with guns under the express purpose not to persuade or help the people, but to rule over them and kill anyone who challenges them.  They are fighting to get tax revenue, the battle to see who is strongest so they can be the government and continue to do it "legitimately."  They are called mafias when there is no clear victor and governments when one finally comes out on top. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:46:42
**"Orders are matched against the existing order book at the price of the order on the book, not at the price of the taker order."**
Your example 2 specifically shows when the Buy order is higher than the sell order.  They simply mean the higher will be filled first.  If you actually read the answer instead of the example it details exactly what happens and this what always happens with market orders.  They cant guarantee a price unless they act as market makers and buy and sell between each user.  Otherwise it fills in order.  You HAVE to have a limit order to buy/sell at a certain price until volume matches your bid/ask.  This is not something strange or new.  
I can agree however that the sentence after the example is a little oddly worded but they referring to the example specifically, not explaining the rule of determining price which is clearly stated above.  
@_date: 2015-01-10 17:40:49
God forbid we let technology exist that allows people to *easily* move money around.  Fuck everyone and their desire for simple painless freedoms and tools.  Let's force a litany of arbitrary restrictions, difficulties, fees, and complications down everyone's throats so we can make it as hard and annoying as possible... for the good the mankind obviously.
@_date: 2014-07-26 00:40:28
Yes, but there is little to no difference in those two technologies.  They basically provide the same advancement for their users.  If VHS couldnt record material then Beta's marketing wouldn't have mattered and it absolutely would have won the market.  If litecoin beats bitcoin i honestly am not going to be very upset, because were still using cryptocurrency, I still own my money, and the government still cant print it at will.
@_date: 2015-01-09 14:08:54
I have an encrypted backup of my seeds on a small (also encrypted) virtual drive that is on my dad's computer at his house, my brother's computer at his house, and my best friend's computer at his house... there are these really cool things called usb sticks that can store data and transfer it to other devices.  
This is a crazy difficult and probably far to advanced for the average user but it is a way to prevent loss in case of sudden house explosions.  /s
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:28:46


Printing money and artificially lowering the price of debt encourages people to buy things they cant afford and to make promises they cannot fulfill.  Then printing money lets them off the hook by stealing the value of the contracts they agreed to.  Hurting the person who loaned the funds in order to help the person who couldn't pay it back.  Stable money allows natural prices and behavior encourage people to be frugal and only buy things which they have earned and make promises they can actually uphold.
Which would you rather have society be based on?  Sounds to me like one would have rampant consumerism, insane levels of debt, and endless boom bust cycles.  The other would be more stable, resilient, less wasteful, smarter with the money they had to *earn first,* and would have real productive growth.  I'll let you decide which one is the frugal savings based society and which is the debt manipulating money printing society.
@_date: 2016-01-04 18:35:47
They aren't... At all.
@_date: 2015-01-09 14:10:40
lol. Ridiculous prediction is ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-01-05 06:26:01
The most ridiculous thing about this argument is that there is simply no "officially recognized government."  Not that there aren't institutions trying to act as government.  There are multiple violently imposed institutions fighting over the job and have been doing so for more than a decade.  The idea that because a monopolistic power structure got violently deposed somehow turns the debris left over into a libertarian paradise is facepalm-worthy.  
Still don't get it?:  If destroying a government made libertarian utopias then burning a church would make everyone atheists.
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:33:02
@_date: 2015-01-28 21:57:05
you must be joking!!  Charlie Shrem got 2 years in prison for laundering a far smaller amount to others in order to buy weed online.  
HSBC laundered **Billions**: 


The **fine** for their fucking crimes of funding, facilitating, laundering, and transporting funds and financial assets for obvious known terrorists, huge drug cartels, and totalitarian regimes was **less than the money they actually moved for their clients.**  You seriously have to be kidding or you are just fucking so insanely and religiously fastened to sucking the dick of banks and politicians that their is genuinely no hope for you.
@_date: 2015-05-11 19:37:46
Off the top of my head (or what I personally see value in)
1.  Anti-troll.  You can use any username or account but still prove your identity independently (even without revealing your name, just confirming that you are also this or that username).  It also reveals trolls who would generally be unwilling to reveal this information.  
2.  Not always having to setup new username/password for every website.  If they are integrated with OneName then you just scan QR or whatever method and you are "logged in" without giving any information or being susceptible to any security failings of that website/service.  
3.  Anti-hacking.  Maybe someone hacks your username/password for a website (if they are still using them that is).  If that occurs they still wouldn't have the keys to your OneName identity.  Meaning they could not sign any comments/posts.  Therefore an unsigned post would simply be untrustworthy.  
4. Basic Security.  No more identity being held by third parties.  It would be secured by you, in a decentralized manner on your own devices.   Eliminates a massive number of possible points of failure internet wide.
5. I think most importantly, independent reputation.  Reputations would have real value and it would no longer break at every service or website.  It would be truly global/universal.  This allows your reputation from Ebay to apply to Openbazaar or any other online service/community (again without necessarily revealing your name and personal info).  I think this is an extremely important step in growing trust and governance systems in the online world.  
I'm sure there are other benefits, some that we may not even notice until after the effects are seen through extensive use.  But these are the first things that come to mind when I think of a decentralized identity system.
@_date: 2015-01-09 05:46:24
FDIC is only a piece of our financial problems but it is a critical piece.  It is the element that makes customers apathetic and lazy, putting their money in any bank regardless of what risks the bank is taking or what's actually going on behind the scenes.  And even worse it makes the banks unafraid to risk all of their customers' deposits in speculative markets because they won't be liable for the losses.  
The banks have both explicit and implicit bailout guarantees that ensure customers won't worry about their money and won't bother shopping elsewhere no matter what stupid shit the bank gets itself into.
It creates an environment without any accountability ripe for corruption and speculation.  Not even to mention that if the government has to bail out depositors money it is done so through printing.  Meaning the value is all lost through inflation anyway.  It's a zero sum game where the economy takes a loss either way, whether you personally notice it or not, it raises prices all across the economy to a degree that the loss is simply spread out.   It is no different than if every dollar was completely lost except that everyone shares the cost rather than the people who didn't bother to make sure their bank wasn't gambling with their money.
TL;DR - FDIC insurance costs us a fuck load.
@_date: 2015-01-30 19:16:59
ok then let me restate it.
-- inflation also rewards those who borrow money they can't pay back by lowering the value of the money they owe at the expense of those who save before spending money and/or want a safety net for a rainy day.  
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:49:57
I invested in a criminal enterprise and never bothered to ask or investigate the company that i put my money into and then *lost all my money!*  **How could this have happened!?**  I hope they aren't actually punished for their horrible crimes because then I would lost money too.  Better to set a precedent and let rich people do whatever the hell they want and get off scott free to ensure I don't lose money and are never held responsible for investing in illegal acts.  /s
@_date: 2016-01-04 18:34:05
What I *think* he meant is that dumb or bad business practices should result in going out of business.  In a free market this would never result in poor people across the country losing their retirements.  Any insolvency that massive would likely be discovered well before it had such an effect on so many people.  
The reason the banking crisis was so unbelievably massive is because the government has institutionalized their stupid practices.  The entire banking industry and monetary system is entirely built upon manipulated interest rates, base 9:1 leverage that is allowed (and even encouraged) in "special" circumstances to be far worse, and the false belief that money itself is a resource.  These all together, after 60-70 years of imbalance and bad policy is what puts a few hundred million peoples' retirement at risk.  That scale of detriment has nothing to do with the natural risk of loss in the marketplace.  
Mt Gox did practically the exact same thing our monetary system has been doing for decades.  They lasted just a few short years before collapse because they couldnt print bitcoin.
**Disclaimer:**. Sarcasm is hard to read so I may have misunderstood your comment.  But I just wanted to clarify in case you were defending the fact that the banks should have been saved.  They should have been sold off completely and broken up while dividing the actual value between every retirement/bank account held with them without any manager, owner, or shareholder getting a dime until *after* liabilities were paid back. It still would have meant massive loss, but if you guarantee $100 with $20 in your pocket there is no way to fix that except make sure the lying asshole loses his business, goes to jail for fraud, and the $20 is split between those who had contracts for a share of the fake $100. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:37:16
if you put anything in a "market order" it will give you the market price.  if there is only .1 btc at $265 and .9 at 264.09 then you will buy the first .1 at 265 and the rest at 264.09.  This is what every exchange ever has done because it is what the term "market order" means.  
You made the mistake, not Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-10-01 12:25:03
My strategy: Buy at least 5% more than i need for any purchase and take the remainder and put it into savings.  Plus, set up a $20 a week auto-purchase into a different wallet and never touch it.  This ensures you are only adding to your savings, you are giving the currency value, and your spending them :)
Dont forget you can get regal gift cards for btc.  Every few weeks my wife and I have a bitcoin night where we just blow $100 worth and go out to eat, get some beers at the few bars that accept it and then watch a movie at the theater.  Good times!
@_date: 2015-01-30 20:43:59
Deflation happens due to a credit crunch.  This is a response to the initial *inflation* that occurred due to an expansion to the monetary base when interest rates were artificially lowered.  It causes healthcare prices to go up, tuition to go up, car prices to go up, housing prices go up, pretty much anything purchased with debt goes up in price because the credit floods into the economy far faster than the supply of new cars/houses/schools/hospitals/doctors and so on can increase.  Obviously this happens because you actually have to produce these things which take a ton of time and resources, whereas money and credit can be created out of thin air almost instantly. 
Then when the economy as a whole is leveraged as much as it can afford, even at the artificially low interest rates, the bubble has to stop inflating.  Which causes a credit crunch, wiping billions off balance sheets economy-wide since no one actually had the money to pay for all the artificial debt.  
The interest rate price shift (since it was centrally dictated rather than observed through trade) didn't represent a change in anything of real value, just the shifting opinions of politicians.  Yet the result was that everyone falsely believed (for only a short time mind you) that the economy was doing fantastic and that they could buy whatever they wanted and there was plenty of real productivity to go around.  Turns out there wasn't.
So yes, obviously there was deflation resulting from the credit contraction.  This is what a crash is.  The problem was that this was *caused by the initial inflation of the credit and monetary supply.*  If the expansion hadn't happened, the price of the house would have stayed close to $100,000 the entire time and the middle class wouldn't have lost their ass.
As far as shutting the fuck up because i don't know anything... if you imply that counterfeiting money and/or artificially manipulating the price of debt is good for the economy and that punishing "hoarders" is something that is desirable then I'm going to give a counter argument.  If you don't want to hear one then don't post.  Not trying to be mean, just giving a different perspective on the topic.  
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:47:17
Theft and fraud is not acceptable in a free society.  The problem is that we need to build the infrastructure to deal with it since forced funded monopolies have nationalized the market place for anti-theft and security solutions for 5,000 years.  It's not going to happen overnight, but this is a problem that absolutely needs a system in place to prevent or react to it.  
A scam insurance type business might be a good starting point.  One that devotes their resources to identifying and following known scams/scammers and sends alerts out to subscribers of the service.  Maybe even a browser plugin that alerts you if you visit a site that is high risk or *associated* with previous scams.  This would deal with partnerships and/or linking to them without doing any due diligence.  This could create community exile *very* quickly.  
Just some shower thoughts on the topic but there are probably thousands of other solutions that might be better suited, it just happens to be a completely new industry with practically no alternative from the monopoly systems that have dominated it for so long.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:43:20
Do you ultimately support continued increases in block size moving forward?  (I mostly skimmed your writings on the topic, if there is something you've already written that has a good explanation then feel free to just link to it)
Is it your opinion that this kind of work-around and similar methods will keep smaller nodes viable on the network and prevent centralization?
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:11:07
Yeah all of that is a result of taxation.  If I don't want to pay for it I go to jail.  This is a fundamental characteristic of government, not some side effect of corruption.  The corruption is a side effect of how it's funded.  A force funded monopoly will always end up corrupted and power hungry.  There is no way around it because the incentives simply encourage it.  It's not a problem that citizens become apathetic and lazy, it's that they *have* to be active, involved, intelligent, honest, and informed for it to even have a ghost of a chance to work.  If everyone had to learn 15 computer languages just to send an email it wouldn't be a problem of the users being unwilling to learn, it would be that computers were very poorly designed.
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:10:05
I edited the main post so that the two quotes wouldn't look like a single quote.  Not so great with reddit formatting :/ 
@_date: 2016-01-21 03:42:31
The Toomin brothers are primary "sponsors" of Bitcoin Classic.  There was a conversation posted the other day that got discussed in multiple threads in which the core developers were conversing with Michael Toomin regarding plans under Classic and what his positions on certain things were.  I basically read like a developer ama.  So Toomin kind of acted like an idiot.  He wasn't really answering questions, he said a number of things that made barely any sense.  A bunch of people were questioning whether he was a bot or impersonator.  Final analysis with Toomin verbally backing it up was that he was really stoned and acting like a troll.
It wasn't very pretty.  Granted, I'm not afraid that Classic would be subject to the "Toomin vision" if you will.  But still, it really makes me wish the core devs would just make this change already so we didn't have to bother.
I'll post the link to the convo [here]( when i find it.
Edit: ok got it.  In his defense, he was literally probably just stoned and thought "drunk chatting" with the developers would be fun or something.  If you took a transcript of some of my internet and/or personal conversations id probably sound like a crazy asshat and/or a lunatic at times too.  But this was just a really bad show with really bad timing.  
@_date: 2014-02-23 18:23:01
Not even close, but there has been absolutely no recourse until now.  There has never been an alternative money that wasn't still run by the arbitrary power of simply a *different* group of people.  Which in reality isn't much of an alternative.  If you think this makes no difference, then you either do not understand money or you don't understand Bitcoin.
Technology and independent security has always pushed society forward.  The printing press led to the spread of ideas on an unprecedented scale, it led to the renaissance, and ultimately to liberty as a means of organizing society.  
Technology has put us on a path of growth and prosperity the world over that can't be matched in all of history.  Watch the video 200 countries, over 200 years, in four minutes.  It is technology that pushes Humanity forward and changes how well, how fast, and how accurately we can communicate.  This I believe is ultimately what will lead to the end of poverty.
 Bitcoin ushers in the first time in human history where the trading and communication of value cannot be censored, manipulated, or prevented.
This 
Is 
And it also makes the circumstances that occurred in Zimbabwe not possible.  Maybe you think it's pointless, but tell that to the face of a man who lost his life savings because of a politician.  Tell that while looking into the eyes of the woman who lost her child because a 100% PER DAY inflation rate meant there were no antibiotics within a hundred miles.
EDIT: Clarification and additional comments.
@_date: 2015-05-20 13:50:50


But This is done by the original record keeper not Factom right? Cheap or not that is a ton of information.
Factom is only securing and verifying validity?  Just want to make sure I'm understanding your service in particular.  For instance if i secured something with Factom like an Intellectual property of some sort I would need to secure the documents myself and Factom would never have a full copy right?
@_date: 2015-01-27 21:17:25
I'm seriously curious why they would consider it any different than their current model though?  I guess it is still a big deal for them all to have a copy of a single ledger that they all hold and that the currency itself is "stuck" on that ledger.  But using Proof-of-Work would be a huge waste of energy since it would be centrally controlled and certainly not open source.  
Obviously this ledger wont be open to the public so we can forget transparency.  otherwise all bank transactions would be seen.  In addition, the banks would hold keys to every address that they "issued" to the customer in order to ensure the ability to charge back or apply fees to accounts.  But this means the hacking problem is still a massive issue because the keys to all addresses are stored in the same place...
So basically how is this idea any different than the dollar?   Edit: clarity
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:01:50
Dude... the ignorance.  Bitcoin has not been hacked, individual computers and servers have been hacked that *hold* bitcoin.  
If Bitcoin itself (which is the fucking topic that seems to be soaring over your head) had been hacked then there would've been nothing to steal because it would have been valueless.  Its just internet digits.  The whole subtext of your "argument" presupposes that bitcoin has value because the units are still the *same scarce and verifiable units they have always been,* despite the fact that it is simply an abstraction of software.  THAT is what Voorhees and the other commenters are recognizing.  Not that bitcoin was going to make my grandma's computer virus free and her passwords super secure.
TL;DR  We *know* bitcoin is secure because people can *only obtain them* by stealing them from **someone who already has them.** They have become, and remain, the *first* scarce digital token.  No one ever said bitcoins cannot be taken from another person. Only that they *have* to be taken or made based on the rules of the protocol.  **A protocol that has so far proven to be un-cheatable.**  This accomplishment is nothing short of remarkable... almost as remarkable as your complete lack of understanding what is being talked about in this thread.
@_date: 2016-01-17 19:04:08
Your argument that this is a fix for stuck transactions with low fees doesn't work.  This is not about fixing that issue.  I believe it is FSS that allows you to resend the transaction with a higher fee.  But RBF is about allowing you to EDIT the transaction and resend it with a higher fee.  This is terrible for transaction security.  
Adding a fee adjustment resend is a good solution for stuck transactions.  Adding the ability to change a transaction completely after already making it simply undermines its security.  We *could* have 0-conf with a small change and we *could* make it so transactions can be rebroadcast with higher fees in order to ensure confirmation.  I see no reason why deliberately altering a contract after sending it is any kind of a solution to either problem.  In my opinion RBF is a foolish "feature" to be adding it to the core protocol.
@_date: 2016-01-21 04:00:12
roughly 70%+ of the hashpower announced in favor of the 2mb blocksize.  There was pretty overwhelming support on the subreddits as well.  Even a few core developers said they could support this.
My question was, why has core as a group still ignored and/or refused to make the change, on top of also continuing to push through RBF which seems to be heavily disliked among the community.
@_date: 2015-01-08 14:52:38
Oh, is that why gold has traditionally been the most reliable store of value in the history of civilization?  I think we should just contact the central bank of gold and see if they would be willing to manipulate the supply of Bitcoins for us so we can finally have a stable price ;)
@_date: 2016-03-14 15:56:22
It would seem that way, but then again it also doesn't make any sense to leave your cable box on when you aren't using it, which myself and millions of other people still do.  The convenience of having it turn on in 3 seconds versus 10 seconds combined with the negligible cost of electricity makes me not really care.  
I wouldn't be so fast to discount their business plan yet just because of a tiny mining loss.  Consumers accept tiny costs all the time for convenience.  I paid 2 cent more for gas because I didn't want to cross the intersection just yesterday.  21 might be on to something if they can make services that people love to use and make the cost little more than a small increase in power usage while charging their phones.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:25:02
Multiple Bitcoin businesses were keeping records not to long ago and reported that sales went up with significant price increases and then went stagnant as the price dropped.  I'll look it up when I get home, at work right now and trying to speak these comments into my iPhone, lol.  
As far as patterns go, if the above statement remains consistent, the current sales decrease could possibly be related to the price drop.  As far as continuing to stagnate, I think there is too little information to make either claim with any reasonable accuracy.  However, when the price hits 1000 again I'm buying a desk :-)
My suggestion was that, if the price continues to increase and adoption continues to grow, there could likely be an increase in average sales coming for Bitcoin businesses as a whole.  Though, his claim of a tenfold increase is likely ridiculous and maybe a little bit Bitcoin circle jerky, lol.  I only meant to say that it can't be dismissed entirely and that there is a lot to take into account across the board.   
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:18:30
no reply :(
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:12:04
It's really sad to see the actions of a few do so much damage.  Here we have an astounding technology that could bridge markets across the globe and bring a level of freedom to some people that seems almost imaginary today... And all a few lazy fucks can think to do with it is steal from people.  No doubt believing (sadly like a few of the comments below) that this is somehow good for bitcoin and they aren't just doing it because they are greedy, worthless people.
@_date: 2016-03-25 00:38:36
The mines amount is expected to be negligible.  It's not about making money, it's about having keys to points on the blockchain which will enable all kinds of services that are built on Bitcoin.  There would absolutely be no value in it if the Bitcoin could only be used for shopping online, but that was never 21's intention.
@_date: 2016-03-25 22:27:54
I just fucking curse a lot.  
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:01:16
Interesting, so (if i'm understanding this correctly) they keep duplicate copies of documents in an additional sidechain?  And then these documents (or more likely individual chains themselves) have links to the hashes that are being carried around in the bitcoin blockchain.  Making the alteration of those chains of data impossible.  Let me know if I'm missing something.  Thanks for the answer btw :)
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:41:33
The two quotes are from both arguments.  The first is for an update, the second is against.
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:00:03
Do you regularly take a single idiot's comment (in this case promoting a horrific act of theft against innocent people) and use it to judge tens of thousands of people that you know nothing about?
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:39:37
Its about damn time someone was working on this!  SSL has so many damn problems it's almost laughable.  The day i heard about namecoin some 2-3 years ago this was the first thing that popped into my mind.  Although, especially given the circumstances today, building it on bitcoin (if it doesn't cause too much bloat) is a better choice i think.  Would make a great sidechain project.  Surprised it took this long to have someone experimenting with an actual implementation.
Honestly, If I had the background and skills to actually do this, SSL/TLS replacement would have been the very first thing I started working on.  So happy to this this happening =D
@_date: 2016-01-06 14:12:26
But the problem is the possibility of not having a high enough fee to get included correct?  So FSS is a simple, reinforce secure transactions solution to this.  Why RBF?  Why **add** the ability to **alter** the transaction if the issue at hand is just getting your transaction confirmed and trying to build a fee market?  allow rebroadcasting of the *same* transaction and you have completely fixed the issue without undermining the irreversibility of the exchange.  
That flag doesn't show up if clients aren't updated.  What about someone who uses it casually or a merchant that has a small number of transactions a year and doesn't go out of his way to search Reddit and update his wallet or Bitcoin services constantly?  This is like changing IPv6 to make everyone using IPv4 vulnerable to a needless exploit and claiming that everyone can just update to fix it.   Do you have any idea how many computers out there are still running XP?  
@_date: 2016-01-13 03:12:01
I'm just curious, what change in Bitcoin would *not* make it an altcoin?  A 2mb increase could barely be considered a significant change.  If this is true than any compromise on block size whatsoever would have to be considered an altcoin.  So when the update finally arrives all discussion of it and going forward would have to be removed from r/bitcoin would it not?
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:45:50
Withdraw! Quick, before they figure out what's happened!
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:24:41
Must point out that the price doesn't work that way.  If someone tried to buy 14 million Bitcoin the price would skyrocket and they would never be getting them at $100 a piece.   In fact even if they continued to buy all the way up they would probably never be able to get that many.  The amount of value it would take versus the fact that demand would jump so fast that there wouldn't be enough bitcoin available on the market.  
Second is if some attempted to spend all that Bitcoin they would simultaneously destroy the market.  That much liquidation would cause the price to plummet and the market would be crazy.  If they try to purchase a ton of houses it ends up driving up the price of those houses (which would make them 4 and 5 million dollar houses) and put major downward pressure on the price of bitcoin.
Someone who has 14 trillion in Bitcoin value can't actually just go out and buy 14 trillion dollars worth of stuff.  
@_date: 2015-05-31 18:47:53
The initiation of violence and coercion is bad.  There is nothing wrong with saying that in absolute.  That does not make me a fanatic, that makes me sensible.  To think that such an idea needs to have some "middle-of-the-road" approach is ridiculous.  For the same reason we don't want to compromise with cancer or meet tyranny half-way, we should absolutely want to eliminate violence and coercion as a means of achieving your goals.  It is the antithesis of society.  The very foundation of society is cooperation, trade, and debate as a replacement for violence to achieve ones desires. Claiming that someone wanting to build systems to better prevent or disincentivize that violence is the musings of a crazy fanatic is itself, kind of nuts.
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:19:14
That's true and i was just thinking about that on my drive.  Why would anyone optimize downloading blocks faster or optimizing propagation if all blocks were still just 1MB?  Even a slow connection would never even run into the issue.  
I'm still on board with the 20/21MB (whatever) hard limit increase.    I just don't know about the idea of having the block size dynamically adapt based on transaction demand, which is what u/jan1024188 was originally talking about.  It seemed like a great idea when I first heard it, but the more I think about it the more wary I am.  I'm inclined to believe the demand could be better managed by the variable fee and a price discovery market than by cramming more transactions per block long term.  It could be that the limitations to decentralization are completely unfounded and Moore's Law will eventually made me look retarded.  But it just seems like there is a lot of downside to it.  Maybe it's just the economics geek in me that thinks using "price per transaction markets" to manage demand would be more efficient.
@_date: 2016-01-06 13:53:15
But doesn't lightning require the trust of the "server" maintaining the tree?  As I understand it, the accounting is done by a trusted party and then periodically confirmed back to the block chain.  Is there not a risk of the server manipulating the information?  The Lightning network is not a federated server setup, correct?  What makes this different from the typical "trust the third party" type of service?  I've never understood how lightning is in any way a solution to either decentralization *or* 0-conf.  What am I missing here?
@_date: 2016-01-17 19:09:50
True but the fee is fundamentally different.  It's not a fair comparison.  The fee is for the space taken by the transaction and is irrelevant for the amount.  A truer representation would be 5 cent per however many Kb the standard transaction is.  Yes that means a high percentage for a very small transaction, but it's about the data, not the amount.  You clearly average out with far lower fees the first time you send $1000 to someone.
@_date: 2016-01-07 12:18:55
Ok thanks for clarifying.  Would the network be open then?  Meaning, if a lightning network goes up, can I run a node for it like I can for Bitcoin by just downloading a client?  
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:06:12
This is theft, plain and simple.  Not only that, you suggest it is good to manipulate people using the fear that this causes.   Your moral judgement is no better than the Federal Reserves if you think it's ok to steal from people in an effort to prove that "your system is better."  Not only is that a stupid argument that only reveals the advantages it grants to lazy shitheads, but it's also fucking wrong.  Piss off with your statist "violence for good" bullshit.
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:16:31
So violence and theft against innocent people are good ways to prove your system or technology is needed?  So what's it like to love the philosophy of government?
@_date: 2015-05-20 17:59:28
a) accused
b) evidence that the corrupt DEA agents who were extorting and blackmailing multiple venders and DPR actually staged entire conversations.
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:26:40
Really?  The miners with the poorest access to Internet, those in China, have publicly stated that they could handle 8mb blocks.  To whom do I have to prove this? 
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:46:37
Did I ever say anything that wasn't referring to the hard fork to Classic and ousting the current developers?  That is and was the issue I've been discussing since the beginning.  If you applied my statement regarding that as a blanket solution to all future capacity problems then fine.  But I never changed my argument.  And if the core Devs made this change, then they would in fact remain the core Devs, there would be no hard fork, and this issue would be resolved.  Which I thought was pretty clearly my argument from the beginning.
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:32:15
I am giving Core a pretty clear way to right.  By increasing the block size A reasonable amount, based on what miners have publicly stated they can handle, and the community has publicly stated is desired.  They can do right by simply being *part of the compromise* rather than shutting down all block size discussion as if 1mb has some magical significance.  
I'm talking about the current hard fork issue. Capacity will likely always be an issue as long as Bitcoin exists.
@_date: 2016-06-04 00:42:38
Here's why I think we shouldn't expect the same rocketing price:
* Market seems a lot more mature than it was then.  
* There are larger investors now that won't go on speculative buying frenzies and will *have* to be entering the market to maintain the higher prices.  
* There are a far greater number of on-ramps and off-ramps to the Bitcoin highway than we had in 2013.  
* And because the run up is so expected, there will be a lot of money waiting to capitalize on it.  I think this will increase the selling pressure at major resistance points.
IMO I think we are going to have a bunch of these little short rocket moves where everyone screams "OMG NEW BUBBLE TO THE MOON!!!" And then we go into a rebound/indecision period again.  Kind of how its moved for about the last 7 months.  Then in a year we will look at the charts and realize the price made the same sort of move and we did reach a new high.  It just took 5 times as long to get there.  Who knows, but thats what I think.
@_date: 2016-06-17 04:34:59
It's time value not current value.  They have to tie that money up for a year or more.  It's suggests that the value of that year holding in Bitcoin is worth $1360.  But that's not the price of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-06 16:22:18
I actually just removed the app a few days ago because of this.  Even though the "spare change" thing was mostly a placebo kind of auto-buy, it was still a great way to know I was putting away a little bit of coin.  Now however it's just using Coinbase to reiterate a lot of things Coinbase already does.  I can already put in a $5 every week auto-buy.  And I don't really care about all the charts and "portfolio." 
I gave it a few weeks to really make sure I wasn't just bothered by it changing.  I simply couldn't find a reason to use it.  It takes 80 Mb on my iPhone and forces me to give all of my personal and banking information to an additional party.  Yet I can't really come up with a reason I even need the app anymore.
@_date: 2016-06-24 13:07:52
I always buy Bitcoin. With or without Brexits.  
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:59:53
@_date: 2015-08-06 12:56:31
its got nothing to do with bitcion's mainstream popularity.  Its got to do with cryptocurrency and blockchain popularity, which I would argue Bitcoin definitely has 90% of.
@_date: 2015-08-29 13:26:14
artificial scarcity still results in market scarcity.  if everyone hid all the grains of sand in the world its value would go up.  but diamonds aren't exactly falling from the sky with artificial control or not.
@_date: 2015-08-28 22:19:03
It's also smaller and more secure, which would make it good for carrying larger amounts with you.  Just because you don't find the product useful to you doesn't mean it's the same for everyone else.
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:33:59
obviously ;)
@_date: 2015-08-16 04:55:10
You know Bitcoin has come a long way when people are *worried* about a 3% change in the price over a week.  And yet SO many people said it could never be stable.   I've been here for long enough that I haven't even been thinking about the price as long as it has been three digits with a "2" at the front.  When it changes from that, then I'll pay attention again. 
@_date: 2015-08-04 18:55:31
the *study* could be right then, *if* you heard about bitcoin first when something happened on the Silk Road and therefore that news/convo drove you to search out bitcoin.  Which is all the study is showing. 
However, the article is complete bullshit, seeing as how it claims you and everyone else are criminals because you searched on Google for bitcoin after hearing about the Silk Road.  The problem here is that the article is making stuff up and "applying" the study to reach ridiculously unrelated conclusions.
@_date: 2015-08-18 04:10:00
Lmao, all three of your "I laughed at your stupidity even though I really didn't" comments *actually* made me laugh.  It wasn't until the third one, but then I couldn't resist.  Together you have given me the gift of laughter and for that gentlemen, I thank you. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 14:20:13
One more reason to add to the long, long, long list for ending IP.
@_date: 2015-07-10 21:34:44
Definitely.  I have a chart and i drew lines on it.  Let me tell you, those lines *look good.*  And if you draw those lines like really, really, really far out, the price is CRAZY high.  
So yeah... the fucking moon!
@_date: 2015-08-04 13:11:40
I'm reading this source paper and this entire study seems terribly flawed.  I cant find anything other than the fact they seem to be connecting terms with search results.  I'm genuinely curious what that has to do with users reasons for getting into or being interested in Bitcoin.  And as far as connecting other reasons they use what they call "disciplines" to break down the topics of Google searches which they have as "Silk Road," "Free Market," and "Make Money."
What im confused about is how this in any way has anything to do with bitcoin users?  This is a study of *Google search trends* and connected topics and has only a very loose, at best, indirect relationship to what bitcoin *could* be used for.  *Of course* Silk Road is going to have a far higher ratio.  Its more interesting to people, especially those *who don't know or care about bitcoin.*  Something happens with illegal markets and there are a thousand articles, conversations, and everything else about it.  Because its exciting.  This would be similar to saying that everyone in the US is rioting because its all every news site is talking about, but then you walk outside and everything is still normal for 99% of the country.
Am I missing something here?  I seriously cant figure out how they have taken this data and tried to connect it to bitcoin users.  It seems almost completely irrelevant to me.  Why would there ever be more search topics about "free market" or "make money" even if that was what 99.5% of users were in bitcoin for?  Wouldn't everyone *still* be talking more about the 0.5% using the Silk Road?
@_date: 2015-08-06 15:38:18
popular in the cryptocurrency space.  I'm not talking about mainstream, I'm talking about when it comes to crypto options.  Bitcoin is by far the  blockchain in activity, development, users, and security.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:42:19
It's actually very useful if implemented correctly.  Basically a bank pools all of its transactions for a day into a net positive/negative balance, confirms them, and sends them to a clearing house of sorts.  This institution then pools net positives/negatives and send them all back out to the proper banks in order to accomplish cross-bank transactions.  Because of this though it takes a few days.  Using a blockchain between different banks basically ends the need for the settlement institution talking between them and gives them a ledger to check off of in real time.  
Speeds up transactions between banks, cuts out a middleman, and costs come way down.  
@_date: 2015-07-11 12:46:36
I've had a cryptsy account for a while.  I was specifically excited about the fact that I don't need an account and don't have to give anyone any information in order to jump between them.  Hence Shapeshift.
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:48:50
The *study* yes, the article is making shit up though.  The study says the Silk Road and the bitcoin programming technology *drive* interest to Bitcoin.  The Article makes the ridiculous claim that "BITCOIN USERS ARE ALL TECH ENTHUSIASTS OR CRIMINALS, STUDY CONCLUDES."  Which is in no way supported by the data from the study.
This would be the equivalent of saying everyone who learns about Disneyland when it was all over the news because it caught on fire must be an arsonist.
edit: spelling/format
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:20:24
Just did some testing and found a problem pretty quickly.  Typed out about 3 paragraphs with a pass phrase in top bar.  Then highlighted pass phrase so I didnt have to type it again.  As soon as I hit Ctrl+C my entire text disappeared.  Checked to make sure I hadn't changed anything in the phrase to be 100%.  Tried to recreate my problem a second time but it didn't seem to occur.  
Not sure what would have caused it but worth checking out.  Outside of that, the next few times I tried it, I put in the phrase and my notepad was immediately restored.  I like the concept and implementation is simple.
Could have a few bugs just from how it works though.  Worth noting:
First, the issue above, not sure what caused it and it could be a fluke but check just in case.
Second, definitely needs HTTPS or some other verification or security is basically worthless.
Third, is there any protection against 2 computers using the same phrase?  A warning perhaps? Technically if someone types 1-8 as phrase and then I use 1-8 on my notepad and hit "save" won't that overwrite the other person's text without them ever knowing?
Overall, good work though, could definitely be useful.
@_date: 2015-07-11 23:46:19
Ur welcome :)
@_date: 2015-07-02 11:22:55
A bitcoin is not someone else's debt anymore than a coin of gold is something that someone else "owes" you.  The value of a bond, or pension, or contract is based on the debtors ability to pay the agreed price.  If they can't pay its worthless.
A gold coin or a bitcoin isn't a promise or a contract that can be canceled.  If you have the coin you have it, end of story.
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:03:32
@_date: 2015-07-03 01:21:30
lol, thats always my thought.  As soon as anyone remotely responsible gets into office the whole thing is going to collapse so spectacularly that it will be worse for spreading libertarian ideals than any other outcome i could imagine.  Having a libertarian president will only help to ensure the US goes full out NSA spying, TSA vagina digging, TPP/CISPA/SOPA/PIPA internet lockdown, banned encryption for all non-governmental purposes, 90% taxation (for the people), subsidies and free jobs for everyone paid for by no one, monopoly everything, only government jobs, totalitarian, militaristic police state.
So yeah, i'm not voting either.
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:55:20
"DARNET, TOR, ENCRYPTION is your ENEMY, TERRORISTS, EVIL, BUYING GUNS ONLINE, ANONYMOUS, and don't forget EVIL!!  We have all the facts we just don't need to show them because DARKNETS ARE BAD GUYS AND NEFARIOUS!"
Response: "wow, that's exactly what I wanted to hear.  This panders to my ignorant and biased opinion with the perfect amount of nonsense and capitalization.  I can definitely use this on people who have the same ignorant opinion as I do.  We can scare them into acting violently toward anyone who expresses a different opinion on the topic based on these ridiculous, blanket declarations.  I will soon use some of the same words to invoke a negative connotation and express evil without actually saying anything.  Great stuff!"
Bunch of crazy fucks right there. 
@_date: 2015-08-06 15:05:18
I definitely get this.  Its something I've always loved learning about.  The history of how the standards and protocols of the internet came about is just so fascinating.
That being said, I don't get why its happening again.  There wasn't much comparison when the internet came out, so I get why no one saw the writing on the wall.  (decentralized was barely a word then and barely anyone understood the concept) But this one seems so obvious to me I don't get why we are repeating the same mistake.  I guess I shouldn't be too surprised, its just frustrating when it seems like most of these people get the value of open source decentralized standards.  I mean listen to some of Patrick Byrne's talks.  He is a big advocate of the decentralized nature.  Then he goes and creates a private centralized chain and literally isn't using Bitcoin at all.  It was just a big WTF moment for me.
@_date: 2015-08-06 12:57:03
well yeah, but the vast majority clearly uses the internet.
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:08:24


The problem isn't the expense of creating the medicine.  Never has been and never was.  Some of the most insanely prices medicines cost less than a cent to produce a pill which they turn around and charge thousands of dollars for.  Patents and regulation.  They have always been the problem.  And the medical industry has fought for global power over the rights to drugs and medical technology and for the sole right to say what is and is not "real" medicine.  
Having the global market reach equilibrium price would actually be a great thing.  Creating more demand for the markets with less regulation and/or fewer patent restrictions would actually be a great thing and would not have the effect you claim of "making it more expensive for the poor."  In fact if manufacturing in those areas increased significantly due to the demand of a global decentralized marketplace the price would go *down* not up.  Not to mention the effect of pushing underground money into the productive avenues of poor economies might have.  
Supply of cheap and easily reproducible medicines can be easily adjusted for new demand.  The patents and monopolizing laws around the industry are the only thing that can create such a false scarcity as to prop up the astronomical prices we have today.
@_date: 2015-07-24 13:05:08
Sucks its not open source so that other people could upgrade or change the UI.  That's basically the reason torrents never get used, the *one* torrent website has so many ads and confusing buttons, just not user friendly at all.  /s
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:10:58
Thanks, I didn't know this. I tried to dig a little into it and all I found was that they were building it on top of the private Peernova chain.  Do you have a link where they describe how they are using the bitcoin chain?  I'd like to read what they are doing.
@_date: 2015-07-16 19:06:51


If prices of an end product get distorted then this will also distort the factors of production.  Prices are adaptive.  When housing prices started rising, so did lumber, and concrete, and the entire production line.  The boom wasn't just houses, it was builders, land, lumber, logging, and everything else in and around the industry.  The numbers you are using are useless for a free market comparison.  These aren't actual market prices or actual market costs.  A monopoly spending billions on research and development?  Well great, they can spend as much as they want, this doesn't mean medicine doesn't exist unless billions of dollars are spent.  You could also point to the fact that government spends like $15,000 per student for education and claim "education is expensive."  No, all this tells you is that the government *spends alot.*  The key to the market is *efficiency.* 
The fact that it costs billions of dollars to bring a drug to market is a failure of the FDA and the general inefficiency of monopoly market power.  This is all ignoring the argument that could be made that the ocean of pill options is all wasteful anyway.  That probably 90% of new medicines are both redundant and only to cover up symptoms, something a free medical market would NOT waste billions of dollars on.   Its actually been 3-4 decades since this new marvelous, insanely expensive medical industry has even cured a disease (which used to happen on average every 8 years if i remember correctly).  And this is while simultaneously [flooding the market with new drugs.](
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:14:48
Having blocksize issues it appears ;)
@_date: 2015-07-31 18:58:38
i know, lol.  Just making a joke.
@_date: 2015-07-31 18:16:00
i wonder who counted the grains of sand?
@_date: 2015-07-21 16:30:47
cuz FUCK THE SYSTEM!
@_date: 2015-07-02 12:50:44
Bidding up the price of something because they had a bunch of debt, based on some debt, that was based on someone's loan who couldn't pay it off is just someone *thinking* they had something of value.
It's a very different relationship than owning something.  Its the same difference between owning an *actual* car, or a contract for someone to pay you a car sometime in the future.  I can't jump in my contract, put on a seat belt, and drive to work.  Whether or not someone has enough money to buy my car is irrelevant, because i still have it even if they are broke.
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:57:58
That's a terrible analogy.  This is more akin to going to the market where there aren't price tags on anything.  Plus, you have only one voucher to buy onions with on which you put an offer price and give to the cashier.  So you make a low offer, hoping for cheap onions and come back in an hour and no one has accepted them.  
You come back in 10 hours and still no onions.  Finally you have to go to the cashier and ask for your voucher back so you can scratch out the old offer and put in a higher one.  Hoping that this time someone you have no contact with and who posts no prices will sell you onions for the baseless number you put on your voucher.  Your only other option is to run around asking other people what price they put on their vouchers and if they got any onions or not.
In other words, its really inefficient and slow and calling it a "robust market" is a pretty serious stretch of the imagination.  Price discovery is terribly slow and inefficient.  There *should* be a market, but there isn't much of one at the moment.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:36:22
If the government has monopolized, convoluted, and ruined the healthcare system then that doesn't mean don't go see a doctor if you are shitting blood everywhere.
@_date: 2015-07-02 12:40:25


Disagree completely, this would be to assume that the users of MtGox do not deserve their money back.  That MtGox had every right to cover losses with depositors' money.  A *shareholder* has taken that risk, *not* a depositor.
A bank is providing the service of making your money easily accessible and secured from theft.  That does not mean you are "investing" in the bank.  You are allowing them to be the custodians of *your* money.  No different than if you rent a car, you can't just steal the fucking car because you're broke and they rented it to you, therefore they have "invested" in you.
My banking contract said nothing about some investment or partnership.  This relationship was changed at a later date using government legislation and I was *never* explicitly told.  In fact, they have done everything possible to keep it quiet.  Yet it's a massive change in the foundations of a deposit contract in which I'm now considered an "investor" without ever receiving any dividends or return at all while the bank makes bookoos of money and receives mountains of loans from the Fed at 0% interest and turns around and loans it to depositors at 20%.
**Short Version:** The bank is supposed to be a service to keep money safe for other people.  If they blow it all at the casino and then take deposits to cover losses then they are taking money that belongs to other people without providing the agreed upon service.  This has a name.  It is called *stealing.*
Edit: In insurance the depositor/bank relationship would be covered by a term called "Care, Custody, and Control."  The bank not only owes you the amount of your deposits, but generally would owe further damages for having treated your property with such recklessness while it was under their care, custody, and control.  They are entirely, completely, and irrevocably responsible for every cent you put in the bank and should go to jail if they steal it to be used for something else.
@_date: 2015-07-24 12:42:25
This right here is Bitcoin's killer app.  There's no way a no fee, uncensored, peer-to-peer, global marketplace that uses bitcoin only will go ignored.  And when the network reaches a certain point you will be able to find not only everything on Amazon or Ebay but also even more obscure items likely being sold cheaper than anywhere else.
Like bittorrent is for sharing, I think Openbazaar has the potential to become the major peer-to-peer network for global trade.   Not to mention one last and very important likelyhood: P2P markets may very well do to patents what P2P sharing has done to copyright.
This is gentlemen.
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:34:15
Pure socialism is better than crony capitalism (considering prices only) for a few reasons:  
1.  Socialism puts the costs and profits in the same institution, public is generally *slightly* more aware of what is going on and there is not so much sanctity given to privacy like a company gets.  
2.  Crony capitalism on the other hand gets to endlessly claim "FREEDOM" for the companies in charging whatever price they can get ahold of, government subsidizes both the industry with laws, patents, loans, and a bunch of other crap that heavily socializes their costs.  Not to mention the people clamor to have costs come down. So the government *doubly* subsidizes the industry by giving cheap money to their customers *and* the insurance companies.  Imagine every time you raised prices all your customers were still able to pay and no one ever shopped for an alternative?  Yet the medical industry profits and business practices remain in the sanctity of their "freedom."  Socialized costs and privatized profits.
3. Socialism on the other hand is a disaster when it comes to rationing and innovating.  Almost invariably, unless they are lucky enough to pull prices and supply from an actual market somewhere.  Similarly to how the fully socialist Soviet Union managed to hold on for as long as it did.  Despite having the "perfect socialist utopia" they didn't have the slightest fucking clue how to price and distribute anything without a market so they just grabbed the global price of all commodities and medicines in order to have a starting point.  This allowed them to gain some of the benefit of the market while being able to claim they were "market free."  However the end game of socialism to anyone with any kind of economic understanding is obvious, you can't achieve a price, you can't cooperate on production, you can't know where resources are needed, change is slow and unresponsive, no one is invested in their work, and no matter how long it takes, eventually it turns into a shit hole with empty shelves.  
4. Most importantly - There are plenty of countries that have worked on a pseudo-socialist plan using markets to determine prices and by purchasing from American pharmaceuticals at *much* lower prices.  Though this is only because nearly all medical cost is upfront cost.  Meaning its an initial sunk cost of developing the drug.  Therefore if a government is offering to buy the drug at any price (as long as its more than the price of manufacture, which is nearly nothing for most drugs) they will sell it without hesitation.  The same company will sell a drug for thousands in America and turn around and sell it for less than a hundred to some socialist state.  Too many people mistakenly attribute this to some "efficiency" of the socialist state when its nothing of the sort.  This is because the socialist state doesn't have to make any of the drugs or technology, they can just buy it at super low prices.
This is how you get insanely high prices in America thanks to Crony capitalism, and lower prices in a number of pseudo-socialist healthcare systems.  Both however are grossly inferior to just a free and open marketplace, and both result in massive abuses of power.
edit: formatting
@_date: 2015-07-12 04:16:19
Only government and the mafia works that way and this makes it not a market.  If there were a market for security it would work as well as the market for food, which succeeds far more efficiently than any government run food program literally *ever* has.  Grocery stores seem to operate just fine without breaking your knee caps when you refuse to shop at Food Lion.   
If your security company actually threatened you, they would be out of business within the day.  It's monopolistic police that abuse power and feel entitled to their authority.  See the Detroit Threat Management for a small idea of what free market security might look like.
@_date: 2015-07-21 12:53:08
Paid a friend $20 in BTC for $20 in cash at a club.  Bought card on Gyft.com to get a powered Ethernet switchboard (non-wireless router basically), jigsaw blades, tool case, and extension cord at Home Depot (setting up home network). Then the wife and I used Fold.com to buy some coffee at Starbucks.
This was all over the weekend, not the same day.  Also bought back $80 worth on Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:38:41
[Foul on the Play!](
@_date: 2015-07-16 12:05:44
Seconded.  At least call them to discuss options.  they will never stop if no one responds to it.
@_date: 2015-07-11 13:00:36
These kinds of statements always bother me.  I mean seriously, Isn't that what every product ever is?  Isn't a shelf for people "too lazy or stupid" to cut and paint a board?  
I just recently bought a raspberry Pi with case and accessories and then installed Kodi on it.  Spent a while getting it set up with my computer to read movies off like a server.  Took about half a day to get everything together and working correctly.  Mostly because I was having issues with an Ethernet switchboard.  Now I enjoy this kind of thing, but if I didn't, it absolutely is not worth the time versus buying a pre-packaged solution that just works.  So your condescension toward people who just want to buy a fucking product that works is pretty immature and self serving.  
@_date: 2015-07-20 19:23:45
Quite the spokesperson right here!  Must be an honor to represent so many ;)
@_date: 2015-07-02 15:38:37
agreed on all counts basically.  I thought you were claiming that depositors should be held accountable for the bank, thus a bail-in.  I didn't quite make the connection that you were simply saying the bail-in should occur *before* a bail-out even though both are outright stealing.  
So yeah i can completely agree with that.  Bail-ins are stealing, bail-outs are stealing, bail-ins are screwing people who couldn't see the writing on the wall, bail-outs are screwing everyone who read it and took precautions.
@_date: 2015-07-20 19:34:03
Yes, but they use expensive and slow settlement institutions to bridge payments between different banks and companies.  Using a "Bankchain" could give them a protocol based settlement layer that operates in real time and is far cheaper.
Honestly, I get the "ugh" that this invokes in most people.  I have a pretty bad taste in my mouth about the banks too.  But this *is* a viable use case for the technology and I still think it's pretty neat to see this implemented.  
IMO bitcoin will eventually win out due to the trust issue and hopefully it will make openness an industry norm, but seeing the technology permeate its way into the banking industry as an independent settlement layer is cool.  It acts as *proof* that *entire layers* of the finance industry hierarchy can be simply done away with... And that's pretty satisfying.
@_date: 2012-11-06 05:37:55
we have partnered with the worlds largest wholesale technology distributor, and avoid traditional merchant fees because we accept Bitcoin only.
This makes me smile inside : )
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:02:01
Its no different than showing up late to a poker game and finding out a bunch of people already have lots of chips.  The number of chips each person has is completely irrelevant to how fair the game is.  Its about the rules and how its played.  Why apply this logic only to the past?  What makes it special if its simply differing circumstances that bother you?  What if you get hit by a car leaving the building?  Is it not unfair that you found yourself in a situation to lose so many chips without deserving to do so when everyone else could have easily found themselves in the same position they just left later than you?  Does this mean you get to steal all of their chips because you were unlucky? 
Aren't all losers of the lottery technically unlucky?  Does that mean that the lucky winner should split his earnings with the unlucky losers?  What if someone wanted to play the lottery but was too late and didn't even know it was happening until it was over?  Does that mean its "unfair" that someone else won it?
All circumstances are different, all people have different perspectives and are exposed to different things.  If we start claiming that we all get the same everything everywhere because we hate the world and that things are unfair because its raining over here and not over there society quickly turns into a violent shit-fest where everyone is trying to be more pathetic than the next guy in order to "justify" stealing from his neighbor.  All trying to either prove that they are too *unlucky* and therefore is owed something, or that their neighbors were too *lucky* and therefore owes them something. 
TL;DR  If someone has come by some value legitimately, whether by an intelligent decision, skill, or luck, it is his.  The key is that the *rules must apply exactly the same to everyone*.  This is the *only* way to achieve fairness and why our current money is such a disgusting scam.
@_date: 2012-08-23 04:25:16
I agree, that voting appears to be a currency of sorts on the surface, but if you dig a little deeper, it's really a horrific system.  The best way to have a system respond to the desires of the customers (i want a secure, anonymous, trustworthy, exchange, without scams etc) is by making the distance between my money and the way its spent as SHORT as possible.  Meaning, I have the say in how its spent, as best can be given to me, or i can choose a competitor.  The best way for me to explain how separated voting and our government system is from our power of choice is by explaining how the same system would work if Wal-Mart adopted it.  So here goes...
According to millions of "voting is your obligation," "exercise your right," and "speak out" campaigns, it would seem voting is a great honor and a successful way for me to let my super rich, benevolent leaders know how I feel about their monopolistic policies so that they can change them in my name.  What it really is, is a 300 millionth of a say in who becomes "CEO" of an institution that provides me with a certain group of services, but is picked from only a handful of pre-selected candidates who manage to get funding from the richest businesses in the country.  That's problem number one, if the biggest companies don't agree with them, they never get any funding, and no one ever sees them on TV. 
So Wal-Mart has now become the government.  They are officially a monopoly provider of their services. So the first thing that goes is every last competitor.  No more Food Lion, Goodies, Old Navy, K-Mart, Harris Teeter, Lowe's Foods, and an enormous list of other places.  Any major store that sells clothes, groceries, electronics, hardware, gardening supplies, kitchen utensils, cleaning supplies, car parts, etc... all of it is gone.  They are now the sole provider, just like our government is for every regulation, major security, the highway system, and so on.   Then they begin taking about a third of my paycheck for all of the things I'm likely to purchase from them.  I cannot choose to not pay this.  If I even consider not paying my bill, they send Wal-Mart security to my house with guns, slam me on the ground, put cuffs on my wrists, and lock me in a cage.  So I pay them.  
When voting time comes around I have one 300 millionth of a say as to who the CEO is, again from a select group picked by the richest companies in America.  If I'm upset about who becomes CEO, I have to sit on my hands for 4 years, continue to pay, and hope for a better selection next time. 
The CEO is sort-of in charge of about a thousand separate alphabet soup bureaucracies that manage the endless different divisions of Wal-Marts services.  Just like the FDA, TSA, FBI, CIA, HSA, SEC, EPA, FCC, DOD, FSA, ATF, NSA, BTS, FAA, CFA, DOT, and so on (I think you get the idea).  I have not the slightest say in how they regulate, spend, or control their services or my money.  None whatsoever.  In fact, a vast majority of the time I'm NOT ALLOWED TO KNOW what they do.  It's considered treasonous, unpatriotic, and evil for me to even inquire how some of these organizations spend the vast amount of money that they steal from everyone.  If I ever took the years necessary to learn the systems they use and how they spend my resources, it still doesn't do me any good because I can't change it.  It would then be up to me to inform the public (who wouldn't believe me anyway) so that I can get enough people to understand the changes that need to be made.  Immediately making my vote an act of defense, not a means of empowerment.
Now with all these organizations, Wal-Mart now sends me a big bag of essentials.  All the clothes they think I should wear, the cleaning supplies I may need, the basic tools and materials for common repairs (of course they could just pass a bill and take control of housing to make it easier for everyone, I'm sure the public would demand it if we were in said situation), the food they think I should eat, etc.  Then if I have ANY complaint, any disagreement whatsoever, I only have to wait 4 years to vote for a new CEO in the hopes that he will add Oreos to my list of groceries and put the bill on someone else's tab.  If he doesn't, I'm shit out of luck.
The reason I don't have to worry about the GLBSE and GLBSE2 becoming a duopoly like republicans/democrats is because they don't have the right to steal from me.  Only if the government began controlling, regulating, and funding them would that be possible, because i cant choose to not pay the government.  Otherwise I could always put my money into some small start-up with stricter standards and a better model for screening companies.  I'm not afraid of this because I have say over where my bitcoin goes.  As soon as the government gets involved, that changes completely.  
This may have been a little long-winded but I hope you can see what I'm trying to explain.  Regulation by the government is owned and operated by the rich.  The only reason I think market forces will "fix" the regulation problem, is because if I don't agree with the GLBSE's regulatory standards, I don't have to give them shit.  They might not go out of business, but I could care less, because they aren't using my bitcoin anyway.  
TL;DR. Voting is as far from a free market as can be achieved.  The system's corruption is a direct result of this.  Because I certainly would not give the institution of government a single dime of the value I earned if i had the choice.
@_date: 2012-08-26 23:01:43
His scamming is on an even larger scale than we thought it was.  Unbelievable!
@_date: 2012-08-11 05:32:51
No prob  : )
@_date: 2012-04-11 16:06:14
Its not really anything special.  In fact the graph pretty much always looks like that.  I almost agree with OP but its also just speculation on what will happen.  The graph is a list of bid prices in orange (buy orders) and ask prices in blue (sell orders).  Meaning if it falls to $3.40 it will trigger that mountain of purchases, or if it rises to $6.30 it will trigger the sell orders.  Which is why the point in the middle happens to be the current price...  again the chart pretty much looks the same no matter the price.  Except maybe when its really on the move.
@_date: 2012-04-11 16:12:29
Seems like the largest market I've found for Bitcoin so far is the SilkRoad where you can anonymously buy marijuana (among many other drugs) and have it shipped to you in the mail.  
Its valuable because its an incredibly powerful tool for resource exchange that will work independently of the world's chaotic and corrupt government monetary system.  Some people, including me, see a great future in that.
@_date: 2016-02-14 20:07:00


This assumes that you *do* know what the outcome will be.  Yet, the fact is, *no one* knows because this has never happened before.  Your prediction may seem plausible, but you simply guessed as to *actions* that *other people* will take in response to a hard fork.  And you predicted the exact actions that would likely result in the worst case scenario of economic consequences for the entire Bitcoin ecosystem.   And this is based the stubbornness you have seen in an online debate over what is ultimately a small difference in block size preference and upgrading methods?  I've got to say, I consider that a pretty bold claim.
All we can do is look at somewhat similar projects and infer.  But the economic systems and consequences of open blockchain network splits is new to everyone.  Truth is, no one has a clue.  You are making the same inferences based on your experience.  If people's inferences are different then it's only because people have different perspectives and we all have imperfect information.  
The words "right" and "wrong" don't really apply to predicting the outcome of a hard fork.
@_date: 2012-09-05 21:40:54
The government blows so hard. 
@_date: 2012-08-15 17:28:44
I'm not so sure if it's a bubble.  It doesn't coincide with a huge increase in google search trend, where as the last one had a massive rise in searches.  It's been a far more gradual climb.  Bitcoin climbed from around $7 to $30 in less than 2 weeks during last years bubble.  There was a far smaller economy, the silkroad was a tiny marketplace.  I remember looking for a place to spend some bitcoin back then on something useful and coming up empty, and like I said it coincided with a huge run up in google searches as well as media attention.  
This years climb has been comparably slow.  Its gone from $7 to $12.5 in about 2 months (not weeks).  Thats fast of course, but were also looking at a market where thousands of dollars can cause significant movement in the price.  Every time recently it's made a large jump, it falls quickly back to the same up trend line, rather than making a steeper one, like it did during last years bubble.  If we track it to its most gradual increasing trend, then it still has room to fall down to the $6-7 range but not really much lower, and I honestly find that unlikely unless something major happens, like the silkroad or MTGox going offline, or the government passing a law and beginning to shut down sites associated with it.  I don't think it will hurt bitcoin in the long run, but short term it could be rough sailing.  
That being said, I'm surprised so many people see this as a bubble.  The economy is clearly growing, despite the fact that it remains small.  If more people are using and purchasing bitcoin, or even more likely (and applicable to myself), if the people who have already been using bitcoin begin using it more frequently and for a broader number of purchases, then the price HAS to rise.  Hell, half of the people here talk about it eventually being thousands per coin.  When will the increase not immediately be called a bubble?  It does have to go up if it's being used by a larger economy.  Maybe I'm imagining this, but it looks to me like we have increasing numbers of people and uses for our fledgling currency.  I could certainly be wrong, but I see little indication that this is a hype-fueled bubble.  Just because the price is going up, doesn't make it one.  
Just my 2 bit cent. : )
@_date: 2012-10-23 22:32:08
I had many email debates back and forth with Mosler back when I was discovering Austrian economics and trying to figure out the truth behind the value of money.  
This man argued incessantly (i was just insane to consider challenging the idea) that the debt made no difference at all because money could be "printed" as easily as basketball game points.  So, to fix the debt problem, we should simply erase the debt from the balance sheet.  He said the "real" problem was that we wrote it down as an IOU every time we printed new money and if we simply stopped doing that it would no longer be an issue.... hmmm...
Yeah, Warren Mosler is not the person to ask when you want to find out why something has or does not have value.  
@_date: 2012-07-13 22:16:43
God our financial system blows dick.
@_date: 2012-09-23 16:18:54
I imagine the post would have said something about bitcoins being stolen and how much if they were holding funds.  Honestly, who cares if a hacker messed up someone's website.  Don't get me wrong, that does suck, but I was worried another hacker made off with like half a mil in BTC.  I haven't cared much in the past about the hacks, but it is beginning to get tiresome to find people continuing to make the same stupid mistakes with other peoples' bitcoin.  Glad this doesn't appear to be another one of those. : )
@_date: 2012-10-27 18:33:45
Its not uneconomical.  The system would have to be run by software and nearly every transaction would not need arbitration, especially smaller ones, because why would a scammer agree to use escrow?  
Plus, small transactions are far less likely to even want escrow.  Why take an extra step as a buyer on a .05 btc transaction?  When was the last time you were furious about someone tricking you out of a stick of gum?
@_date: 2012-10-27 18:31:09
If the sell turns out to be a scam, how is the escrow agent taking a loss?  He simply signs the transaction, returning the bitcoin to the buyer, minus a small fee for saving the buyer from loss.  That's the whole reason they charge a fee in the first place.  
@_date: 2012-07-19 19:56:38
The problem here is an arbitrary association with numerical amounts.  There should only be reluctance to purchase bitcoins if you think the price is about to fall.  The number value itself has no meaning except in relation to the value it can purchase.   Think about it.  If Bitcoins were worth $1,000 a piece then just buy .1 bitcoins and you have a hundred dollars in value, it doesn't matter that it's only .1 bitcoin, it will still buy you a hundred dollars worth of crap.
@_date: 2012-08-10 05:56:39
I would give it until tomorrow.  I deposited to MtGox account just before close one day and the funds didn't show up until the next day.  This is different of course but I still wouldn't worry yet.  If they aren't there in the morning, i would contact bitinstant.  
@_date: 2012-07-16 04:43:57
There is always Bitinstant which allows you to deposit cash into a bank which shows in the account in about 15 minutes or so.  Bitfloor has a similar system, though I haven't used them yet.  I had to wait 5 or 6 days sometimes to fund my Dwolla and then my MTGox account.  The banking system doesn't make it easy to remove money from it.  I'm sorry your having trouble but calm down.  It appears from the screenshot that you began the transfer on Friday.  Banks are closed for the weekend.  Give them 2-3 business days before you freak out next time.
@_date: 2012-07-19 21:33:20
I've never sold a coin, lol.  Purchased a few things. But in my mind, everything that isn't needed for bills is out of dollars as quick as I can make it happen.
@_date: 2012-09-14 15:17:02
What you have to understand is that his economic thought is based off what has been "developed" under our current system.  When he says "deflation is the hobgoblin of economic depression" he is simply (and severely) misunderstanding what causes depression.  Though most people do, for no other reason than the people in charge at the time found a silly explanation in which the depression wasn't their fault and touted it for a decade and then printed it in every history and economic textbook in the country.  
So first, deflation does not cause depressions.  The reason the "deflation" was so destructive in the 30s was because we had and still have a debt based society (fractional reserve banking). Indeed deflation today will be terrible when it happens, as our currency, the dollar, is about to go through a massive economic collapse.  But this isn't because there is a fixed supply of money, far from it in fact.  This is a direct consequence to the fact that nearly all (possibly 90%) of dollars in circulation were created out of thin air at any banking institution as a loan.  Meaning if one person can't repay that loan, then their debt has to be liquidated by the bank, and suddenly the money they borrowed has vanished from existence.  If this happens on a large enough scale, then massive amounts of money begin to vanish from the economy as banks liquidate and go out of business.  
This is when we have "deflation" in the since this article is referring to, not because of a fixed supply (which would have prevented this) but because banks can first issue massive amounts of new money as loans, then the debt piles up for decades, and when no one can pay it back with interest, the debt is simply removed from the money supply.   Causing economic turmoil because suddenly money just disappears , companies suddenly can't pay people, no one can buy anything, and trade grinds to a halt.  The problem with the fractional reserve banking system that causes depressions is anything but a fixed money supply.  It is exactly the opposite.  It is because they can first create money out of thin air as a loan.  When you get a loan for a house, it's new digital dollars that have never been spent.  They loan you the principal (P) and require you to pay it back with interest.  In fact every loan in the economy is new money that can be collectively represented as the principal (P) and what everyone owes to the bank is the principal (P) plus the interest (I).  P does not equal P + I.  
The problem?  The only way to issue more currency is to loan it, which increases the interest owed.  Mathematically, the fractional reserve banking system can never operate in balance.  There has to be more debt issued this year in order to pay off last years interest, or the whole thing goes under.  THAT kind of deflation is in fact bad.  But the article is ignorantly thinking, like many mainstream economists unfortunately, that this means "deflation" in general is a bad thing.  In fact the period between the 1880s and 1890s were once considered to be a depression because there was natural deflation.  Turns out however that there was hardly any liquidation of debt, production grew by a greater amount than nearly any time in our history, and the average standard of living shot up during that same decade.  Natural deflation due to a fixed supply is not only healthy for any economy, but greatly desirable.
A example is what we experience in the technology market.  Computer prices come down every year, making your fixed income worth more, in processing power, every year.  Does this bother you?  That in 2 years you can get a nice computer for a third of the price it is today?
TL; DR
Deflation in a currency with a fixed supply is a good thing for economic growth.  It both encourages savings and discourages debt. (keep in mind this is terrible for debt-based money)  This article has applied deflation in a debt based economy, which is horrific, to a fixed supply economy.  This is beyond a logical fallacy and works its way toward willful ignorance.  The guy simply does not understand real economic principles.  He is however, an avid proponent of news anchor economics.  
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:31:24
@_date: 2012-10-09 20:17:17
It's two names given to the exact same thing depending on which political policy you support.  It's sort of like referring to a rebel group as "freedom fighters" or "terrorists."  
@_date: 2012-08-21 19:42:04
EXACTLY, we need monopolistic regulation to make sure the whole country is forced to participate in these kinds of ponzi schemes, otherwise they crash in a very short amount of time.  If we didn't require Social Security participation it would have gone belly-up in just a few years.  That would have been terrible!
We do need regulation, but it needs to be a competitive market, with a wide range of strict standards.  Government regulation doesn't cure stupidity, it simply forces me to participate along side all the other morons who lost in this scheme.  
@_date: 2012-08-12 01:50:43
Why would I participate?  It's nothing except a means of redistributing money that people already have.  If anyone makes a profit it's only because someone else took a loss.  There is no gain anywhere in the system.  
Obviously its up to everyone what they want to do with their own money, but i just don't see the appeal.  I'll tell you one thing though, people never cease to amaze me with their financial behavior.
@_date: 2012-08-21 19:36:07
True, the short term situation is sad.  But in the long run I didn't lose any actual bitcoin, and honestly I'm thankful for another cheap buying opportunity.
I'm in this as a long term investment, not short term gain.  So I've not been bothered by this whole fiasco at all.  Something to read about and it makes watching the price exciting : )
@_date: 2012-08-14 21:53:57
Luckily I got mine as soon as it was available and still have it.  :)
I love my blockchain app!  I've already sent a few friends a small amount of bitcoin strictly because we both had mobile devices and it only took like 6 seconds to download the app and then scan the QR code.  
Everyone so far has been a little surprised at the ease of it all... until of course i tried to send some to my girlfriend and her sister, who both have iPod touches.  That's when i found out it wasn't on the app store any longer.  I was super pissed!  Now I've been spending my time showing people how to jailbreak their idevices.
@_date: 2012-08-27 21:02:58
Anything that can be traded, can be traded for Bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-07-18 23:03:39
This sounds like a really awesome idea but I agree with gox.  I don't think time based should be the only option.  I don't download every day or every week.  I usually download like I drink alcohol.  Go 2 weeks not drinking anything and then I drink 3 cases over the weekend.  I agree with a per-megabyte option for the faster speeds a lot better. 
QUESTION: If everyone is connection through your service, then what's the anonymity factor here?  Do you have encrypted connections?  Will someone be able to see my traffic?  Will you be storing any information that could identify me later on?  I like the idea, but I don't know if the market will care.  It seems everyone's top concern recently, including mine, is security and anonymity.  If you have an infrastructure that allows you to purchase the service anonymously AND download anonymously... Then you could be sitting on a gold mine.  The first one that makes this available to me will certainly be getting my business.
@_date: 2012-06-19 07:09:10
There's no way they've made that kind of leap from their current models... Right?
@_date: 2012-08-03 05:45:13
@_date: 2012-08-16 00:28:07
The bitcoin protocol technically is a bank ledger in and of itself.  But if your referring to an online wallet service in which someone else keeps the keys to your bitcoin secure for you on their own servers, then Coinbase and Blockchain.info are good places to start.  I have small amounts in wallets of both services.  If you were thinking of something else then just let me know.
@_date: 2012-07-16 17:33:11
The way our banking system works is that the money supply will always contract without the issuance of enough new debt.  This is because our banks actually create money out of thin air when they loan it to people, they only have to have 10% of what they loan on reserve.  However if a loan is deposited at a different bank, that new unbacked loan money now acts as a reserve increase for the new bank, and then they loan out even MORE money since their reserves have now gone up.  
So the reason it seems as if there is no money left is because everyone has maxed out their debt and people, rather than borrow more, are trying to pay their debt off and actually be responsible since the economy is so poor.  The problem?  This causes a massive contraction in the money supply.  Because if people pay off the principal on their debt, the money actually disappears from the economy, seeing as how it didn't really exist in the first place.  The only way for our system to continue working is if the economy as a whole goes into more debt next year than they did this year.  This continues until the currency explodes and we have the great depression all over again.  Which is where the silly idea that deflation is bad for the economy came from.  In a free sustainable market, deflation is good for the economy because it's natural and can be used to measure economy-wide productive output, in a debt economy it's horrible and massively destructive.  
It can be summed up as a simple math equation.  If there is P amount of money in the economy and it is all derived from banks loaning out new money from nothing, then the debtors (or the ordinary citizen) owes the banks P + I (interest on principal).  The problem is that money is only backed by the loan contract.  When someone pays off their loan, the money is erased.  So then what would happen if everyone paid off their debt at once?  The economy would explode to the upside right?  Wrong, the whole economy, despite having produced massive amounts of wealth to exchange money and repay their debts, STILL OWES the BANKS (who produced nothing at all to loan the money) the equivalent on the interest, not to mention the money supply has now shrunk by 90%.  Which has caused MASSIVE unemployment, starvation, and a whole slew of economic problems... and during this entire process, the banks own the entire world, and the people scrape the alleys for food.  
You can thank our government for creating such an awesome system and making it a country-wide mandatory implementation.  
TIL: if the government ever tells you that they, or the economy as a whole ran a surplus under a fractional reserve system, please understand, THEY ARE LYING.  If the economy or government ever ran a surplus under this system their would immediately be a very large economic contraction.  If they give numbers to back up their lies, then look for accounting tricks because the only United States institution that doesn't follow the GAP (accounting standards) is, you guessed right, our fucking asshole government.  : )
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:28:52
I buy a lot of things actually, I spend my bitcoin all the time, just a tiny portion of it that is immediately replenished.  I Bought a VPN service a week ago without giving any information at all, purchased agorist insurance from Shield Mutual, maybe a little grass here and there (centipede of course), a few silver coins, and a number of other things.
And believe it or not, I would purchase all of these in bitcoin before fiat.  I specifically turned down fiat alternatives because they were less anonymous and/or more annoying in all the above purchases.  I hate filling out 2 pages of information every time I purchase something.  I love buying things with bitcoin.  If i had the choice, i would use it for every single thing i buy.  It's fun and I trust the network and the bitcoin transaction better than I trust the bank.  It's just easy.
@_date: 2012-08-01 17:08:41
I don't know of any client that "forces" you to pay a fee.  I do know ones that recommend one or put a small one on transactions by default, but you can certainly remove it if you don't want to pay one.  The fee itself goes straight to the miners.  The higher the fees you pay, the more profitable mining is, and therefore the more secure the network is.  Plus, If you choose to pay a fee, you are more likely to have your transaction confirmed sooner because, as I understand it, the software is designed to include transactions with fees before ones without. 
@_date: 2012-07-04 16:26:17
- A man who has stolen government secrets that could destroy all trust in our current system, along with a massive amount of wealth, has hidden them at an undisclosed location.  In an effort to keep it from ever seeing the light of day, he is assassinated by government agents and made to look like a murderer and a drunk.  He leaves his son, who has always looked up to him as a hero, only a single phrase and a burning question.  His son grows up and rediscovers the question his father left him and decides to investigate.  And so plays out a treasure hunt that continues to lead our hero to short strings of random numbers and letters and more clues.  The government gets wind of his curiosity and attempts to stop him.  In the end, the strings of letters and numbers turn out to be Bitcoin keys that unlock the wealth his father hid away.  Then he finally discovers that the keys themselves also hold another secret, revealing an address and location which hold the government secrets and a letter his father left for him.
@_date: 2012-07-14 15:32:22
Hmmm, I wonder what it means?
@_date: 2012-10-12 11:39:26
You should let people know that this is something to vote on.  I've passed over this link a number of times already.  I thought it was an "announcement" not something that was being considered and needed support.  Otherwise I would have voted immediately.
@_date: 2012-08-03 02:52:55
I'm right there with you! 
@_date: 2012-06-27 18:56:32
This is actually great for Bitcoin!  They spend time and energy to promote freicoin and maybe get a small following.  After that following uses freicoin for 363 days they can switch to Bitcoin, where transfers and purchases are familiar but no one steals your money, yay!
@_date: 2012-12-14 06:41:37
Imagine it is as if someone has launched a satellite into orbit around the Earth during a time when a vast majority of the people still believe the planet is flat.  It might suddenly make television, GPS location, and global communication a possibility for the very near future.  But most people are going to hate it as a scam, conspiracy, or a lie.  Others will simply pretend it doesnt even exist.  Not because they don't want the new means of communication or entertainment, but because they don't want to have to let go of their old ideas of the world.  
Most might not even realize what idea Bitcoin challenges, but they know it shouldn't work because money has always been a constant in their lives.  The government told you what money was, and no one had to spend any time thinking about it.  Hence why libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism is so prevalent in the Bitcoin community.  We have been convinced for quite a while that the world is not flat, but round.  And we just got to see the first satellite launched into outer space.  : )
@_date: 2012-09-05 21:34:58
This is how I like to think of it:  The Bitcoin network is basically a massive bank ledger that records and confirms the validity of every single transaction.  It provides the same service as banks do with individual spending accounts (which is basically confirming, legitimizing, and securing your balance while giving you a simple means of accessing it for purchases) except it needs no employees, no buildings, no centralized currency issuing authority, and it uses it's very own exchangeable unit called a "Bitcoin." 
Your account is identified by a "key." which consists of a long string of random numbers and letters.  (much like a bank account number except much longer and more complex).  And your account is protected by a password of your choosing.
The network is managed (transactions are confirmed as non-counterfeit bitcoin) by a computer algorithm that can be run on any person's computer.  These people are currently rewarded for their services with newly issued currency.  However, the new currency will continue to diminish in amount until the payment for confirmations is dominated by transaction fees.  
You can obtain some Bitcoin by either participating in transaction confirmation by "mining" as it's called, or (the easier and quicker way) you can purchase Bitcoin from someone who already has some.  The most popular place to do this is at MtGox.com, where you can either buy or sell them.  Many other options are also available.
TLDR: Bitcoin is simply an incredibly efficient means of accounting, which is all that is necessary to facilitate trade.  In fact many economies, both small and large, Have used very similar systems of accounting that had an independent unit of measurement, allowing people to both measure and trade value.  If the bitcoin system remains full proof, it could have very real and revolutionary impacts on the world's restrictions to free and open trade. 
@_date: 2012-09-08 04:07:42
The Blockchain.info app has been allowed back onto the app store except it is absent of wallet functionality, making it basically a bitcoin price checking app.  Apple is trying to get into the payment processing business so they aren't allowing competition on their app store....  which is why I just jail broke my iPad 2.  Then you can get the app easily.  : )
@_date: 2012-06-29 23:56:28
If you just want to mine for the Bitcoin like me and dont really care about the initial cost, then I suggest going to the deepbit mining pool.  They have a simple software list and a brief How-to for mining.  It's where I learned how.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 22:09:05
Would that be a worthwhile update for bitcoin?  To remove the capability of receiving the block reward if there are no transactions within it?  Or would this just cause problems?  Curious about anyone's thoughts on the subject.
@_date: 2012-07-12 16:49:51
I would say to just keep sending them messages until they give you a straight answer.  I would suggest to stop using Dwolla, I did about 2 months back and haven't had any problems.  I use cash deposit at bitinstant now so that there aren't any "verification" problems.  Get cash, deposit at bank, account funded, really easy.  Or you could use Bitfloor, haven't tried them yet but I've heard good things.  : ). 
Sorry that this happened, I fucking hate it when someone acts completely clueless about something and continually passes the blame off to "the other guy" rather than dealing with it themselves.  It shows poor character, laziness, its a bad business practice, and is the very reason why I'm trying to use Bitcoin and leave the "government economy." it's a behavior that's always rampant under an over regulated economy or a very young economy, with few alternatives (aka bitcoin).
I don't think MTGox will be around for the long haul.  Hope you can get this figured out.  I suggest that you just don't ever let up.  Eventually someone with an ounce of responsible nature will hear about your problem and decide to actually serve a customer's needs rather than throw you a bunch of vague responses for a problem that occurred completely under the service they failed to provide.
Good luck.  I hope you get your Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-08-09 23:39:46
That video is horrible.  Both of the guys fumbled their words every time they tried to make it seem like Bitcoin was some terrible thing.  It was like they couldn't attach any real menace to Bitcoin itself, so as long as they said the words "illicit," "scam," "malicious activity," "organized crime," "money laundering," and so on in the same sentences that they refer to Bitcoin... then maybe they can create an association without saying anything of any substance at all.  
Literally the guy was trying to claim that the ISP that HOSTS MtGox has a "higher percentage of illicit activity" and "if we take this view of Bitcoin...."  Wait WTF!?  How is this in any way whatsoever an excuse to "leverage pressure and look for places that deal with the flow" of Bitcoin?  That's a very roundabout way of saying they're trying to find ways to attack the network and have absolutely no legitimate excuse for doing so.
I'm referring to the the "Cyber Money Laundering" video for those who don't know.  Its a link in the article.  
@_date: 2012-08-10 15:46:29
My savings is in a combination of Bitcoin and Silver.  My bitcoins have doubled in value and I think that it's characteristics make it a better currency than silver.  There have been break-ins in our area and my silver would be gone, while my bitcoin is backed up safely in about 6 different locations.  I'm trying to be secure, and that includes contemplating every way my savings can be taken from me.
Your condescension regarding how I save is not necessary.
@_date: 2012-10-06 22:58:25
Purchased!  Thanks for this post!  I've been looking into VPN services that accept bitcoin for the last few days and almost purchased TorGuard which requires name, email, physical address, and phone number.  I used to have BTGuard (doesn't accept btc) but the connection dropped constantly and it was $99 per year.
Not only does Private Internet Access not require your personal information, but they are a full $20 cheaper than TorGuard.  Just purchased their service and I'm very happy.  : )
You saved me almost 2 btc by posting this today.  Up votes for you.
@_date: 2012-11-21 06:56:40
I'll check those out.  I've been searching pretty extensively for two days and haven't found it yet.   Ive searched "crescendo" in a number of ways and places actually, lol. You are right that this isn't the absolute best place to find the answer, but I figured it could provide a gem of info that may at least put me a little closer to finding what I want.  Who knows, maybe ill find it on CoinDL.  Thanks for the suggestions.
@_date: 2012-06-30 00:59:30
On that note, does anyone know of a website that rates Bitcoin companies and venders?  
Why the hell doesn't everything on the Internet have an Amazon rating?
@_date: 2012-08-18 00:37:04
Lol, well that was easy.  Totally missed that, thanks for the post.
@_date: 2012-10-31 02:45:56
If you don't want a direct transaction between your mtGox account and your purchase on the SR, I would probably send it to a wallet first.   An instawallet or Blockchain wallet are fine for this.  I've used both before.
If your asking if it's possible, then yes, you can send bitcoin from any address, to any address. 
@_date: 2012-08-22 15:13:22
There are thousands of ponzi schemes all the time.  But comparing the entire dollar economy to the bitcoin economy and then counting the number of ponzi schemes is a pointless comparison.  And then to claim that the difference per capita is a result of regulation makes even less sense.  
First, by no means is a ponzi scheme the only stupid financial system that results in its participants losing all of their money.  There are literally hundreds of thousands of regulations in the US banking system.  Together these regulation give the banks the ability to create loan money out of thin air.  Putting virtually the entire population of the United States and the many many other countries under the fractional reserve banking system in debt to the banks, and at risk of the banks losses.  Banks which never initially earned the value they loaned out, but rather were given the government regulated license to issue new money from nothing. This is horrifically dangerous and will absolutely result in a default of the entire fractional reserve banking system.  The mathematical inconsistency doesn't make it a "ponzi scheme" but it has the same end result of everyone getting screwed.  The regulations do nothing to stop this, instead they make it an economy wide standard.  
You must understand how completely screwed the world financial markets are, and then the obvious and blatant failure of "regulation" cannot be ignored.  The key is the monopoly power.  There is nothing wrong with regulation in and of itself.  You are right that we DO want regulation in the Bitcoin economy, but what I believe you are suggesting is government, monopolistic regulation, not competitive regulation.  If you give the monopoly power to regulate the financial markets, then the biggest player will inevitably buy that power, and regulate away their competition.  It might even take 70 to 100 years but the economy will eventually be full of a super rich class of people who do nothing but control the money.  
Soon, there will be regulation in the bitcoin economy.  It will naturally grow in response to events like these.  Just like updates and fixes in a piece of software, we have to take them one step at a time.  Remember the bitcoin economy, for all intensive purposes, is really only about one and a half years old.  As the GLBSE grows or a better institution takes its place they will begin screening and validating the companies they work with.   Then based on their standards, the biggest and smartest investors will pick the exchange they use based on the regulations implemented by the exchange.  And everyone will be held to their contracts, and punished for breaking them, with or without government regulation.  Progress takes time.  People have to slowly build ALL of these systems.  They don't just appear, and they don't run themselves.  
Remember if the GLBSE was a reputable and strict regulatory exchange that screened the companies available on their platform, BS&amp;T would never have been up there.  But they aren't, because they are the VERY FIRST and only bitcoin stock exchange in existence.  Calm down man, we will get their eventually : )
You are absolutely right that we need regulation, and we will certainly have it if the bitcoin economy continues to grow and progress like it has been.  But please don't get impatient because we don't want it from the government, we want if from the bitcoin economy.  And most importantly it should be as revolutionary a change in regulation as bitcoin is for money.  Otherwise, we haven't solved anything.
@_date: 2012-10-08 03:57:11
I tell them I'm buying bitcoin and then explain what it is when they ask.  :)
@_date: 2012-08-21 19:43:34
And giving people monopolistic power to a certain group doesn't cure their stupidity.  It simply makes it far more dangerous.
@_date: 2012-09-19 04:48:10
It's the same miner I use.  What exactly are your issues with it?
@_date: 2012-07-23 04:26:39
I agree with this!
@_date: 2012-08-05 03:32:56
We're doomed.
@_date: 2012-08-04 07:26:33
---"there will continue to be price deflation. The expectation of future deflation means that there will be a discrepancy in perceived values between parties valuing bitcoin on longer or shorter time horizons."
ANSWER 1:  This isn't true actually.  We've seen what happens when a currency is healthy and going through mild deflation because of increased productivity rather than a decrease in the money supply.  
The world fiat economy currently is on a short term thought process.  This is because of debt.  When the government and the banks continuously put new debt-backed money into the economy that was created out of thin air.  (this happens every time someone takes out a loan believe it or not)  Then the successful are those who are best at quickly gaining the new money and making a fast turn around.  Through a slow 50/100 year process of slowly nudging people into a new mental state regarding common economic practices, the entire economy for all intensive purposes becomes focused on short term gains.  Consumerism runs rampant.  Financial markets become dominated by derivatives and volatility.  Debt skyrockets.  Medical industry makes millions of drugs and no cures.  Education takes in millions of students and teaches nothing useful.  Car companies focus on tiny improvements and next years models rather than significant improvements.  More 0% financing than a society running hundreds of trillions in surplus, and so on and so forth.  
Why does all of this happen?  Because if you don't adopt a short-term thought process then you miss the money.  If we had a strong currency and a savings economy (like bitcoin should provide) you wouldn't be able to sell anything unless it actually made people's lives better.  Instead we have a society where people buy a can on debt and only ever pay it off when they sell it 10 years later and get paid by the loan the poorer person took out to afford it.  Then they buy another new car and the process starts over.  
When you have a healthy economy and a stable and secure currency, short term thinkers are called broke people.   There will not be a conflict between these two mentalities because there will be very few "short-term" gains in the market (almost none at the expense of others).
---"But why would anyone spend bitcoin knowing that in the future they could have spent less for the same amount of goods or services?"
ANSWER 2:  This is also something that reality proves doesn't actually exist.  It seems like it makes sense, but it doesn't have much of an impact because people adapt their behavior to economic shifts.  For instance, do you have a computer?  Obviously you do because your on reddit.  But why did you buy one?  You could have waited 2 years and purchased something twice as powerful for the exact same price.  But you didn't, despite MASSIVE deflation in the technology market.  
In fact, the tech industry is enormous specifically because it progresses so quickly.  Increases in value do not prevent people from spending, it simply makes them less eager to spend and therefore they are smarter and more efficient with their money.  Rather than buying every single model, they wait for significant improvements and good deals.  Plus merchants want those Bitcoin too, if they are increasing in value.  Therefore you are much more likely to have fantastic deals as businesses are generally even more forward thinking.  They could sell today at a break even price, and in 3 months the Bitcoin would gain them a profit.
Like miscreanity said: "That argument is valid as a thought experiment, but doesn't apply well to real world circumstances."
@_date: 2012-10-09 02:15:38
I'm going to give this a shot when I get back into town.  Thnx for the info.
@_date: 2012-07-26 16:37:15
Yeah I'm very confused as to the specific question being asked here.
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:44:40
@_date: 2012-09-28 20:46:59
How is this determined?  So your saying that this is all just trolling by the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich?
@_date: 2012-10-13 00:35:24
Sounds good to me!
@_date: 2012-08-14 19:17:06
I just encrypt my wallet, put it on 3 separate USBs, in 3 different locations, and then delete the wallet from the computer.  It's really easy to get the wallet back and spend the coins, and it's just as much disconnected from everything as a brain or paper wallet without any of the hassle.  Plus I don't have to learn anything in order to do that.  At least that's the way I see it.  All that other work just doesn't seem necessary.
I would like to get some Casascius coins, though.  I think it would just be kinda cool to have an actually coin to hold.
@_date: 2012-12-19 17:08:01
That was fantastic! :)
@_date: 2012-08-19 23:00:43


That actually doesn't make mathematical since, unless he is paying the interest out in USD based on the dollar amount of the initial BTC investment.  My understanding however (which could be wrong) was that he was accepting investments in BTC, and paying interest in BTC.  Meaning as the price increased, the same interest payout was worth more in USD, but was the same amount in BTC.   
There's no way any of the participants who invested in his scheme could have made a profit unless Pirate40 is taking a massive loss, and i don't see any reason for him to willingly do that to himself for other people's gain.  If he has been paying interest in BTC, then there is absolutely no way he has the coin to pay everyone back.  If he has paid interest back in USD and kept the BTC, he still has paid 7% a week on their initial USD amount of investment, which is still more than the average BTC price increase.
The only "profit" that Pirate40 could have made from this is if he split the profit of the increase of the bitcoin market price by paying interest in USD (meaning the "investors" would have been better off simply holding the bitcoin).  But, no matter what, the math doesn't add up.  If Pirate made even 1 BTC out of this, then someone else took a loss.
The only other way this could have turned out a real profit is if he has a company that produces a whole lot of something... (maybe drugs that he sells on Silkroad) and has been using the investments to grow his company without telling anyone, and simply sharing the excess.  This seems ridiculous to me however and i highly doubt it.
@_date: 2012-10-23 18:54:35
This^   Keep in mind that your transaction doesn't always make it into the first block.  Especially if there is no fee on it.  But afterward it is in each subsequent block.
Here's a chart of the last 2 hours for initial transaction confirmation times, for people who like to actually see it.
@_date: 2012-08-04 10:37:01
Lol, haven't seen BS like this in a while.  Wholesale discounts for a currency... If anyone falls for this they deserve it. : )
@_date: 2012-07-15 19:01:57
This is the link that got me thinking about it.  Forgot to post.
@_date: 2012-07-13 15:11:39
If Bitcoinica doesn't finally go the way of the dinosaurs so we can move our little economy forward, I'm going to buy a How To Security Breach off of Silk Road and IM going to hack the bastards.  
Because GD if their gonna keep doing the same stupid shit with other people's Bitcoin I want my cut of that 40k.  
With all the fees for buying Bitcoin, it seems like the easiest way to get your hands on some is to hack Bitcoinica.  
@_date: 2012-07-11 13:34:27
I would love to use Armory but the build instructions for Mac OSX look painful.  I'm not that comfortable with the Terminal, maybe for a few simple commands here and there, but I would certainly mess something up if I tried to type in the pages of commands they provide as instructions.  
Is there any thing else I can do?  Are they actually going to make a real installer for Mac or have they stopped working on it?
@_date: 2012-10-27 18:47:30
It is far more likely that the regulating agency (example: the service through which the investment is being made) would have their own means of weeding out scams and ensuring a safe way to do business.  Otherwise they would do very poorly i think :)
I do like the idea you propose as a concept, but I find it much more valuable to keep the "taint" systems as individual systems built by businesses competing for the best ways to host secure anonymous transactions.  Better to have 50 alternatives and let customers choose which ones they find the most efficient.
Outside of that, if someone is investing in some random scheme without any regulating business, trading platform, web-of-trust, or third-party assurances of any kind...  Well then that person can only ever be responsible for his/her own bitcoin.  
@_date: 2012-09-14 20:45:41
1. Ok, I'm fully aware that fractional reserve banking is "supposed" to be a 9:1 ratio for loans to deposits.  However it takes a far longer post to explain that and in fact, it isn't most of the time.  There are a vast number of "specialty" loans that get far higher percentages like 20:1 and 40:1 and it goes on and on.  I was trying to keep it as on the surface and as simple as possible, I'm sorry this bothered you so much.
2. Seriously, you don't know of an alternative to a society where all money is based off of someone else's debt?  How about real value that already exists?  You know. SAVINGS!
3. When banks liquidate and go out of business or settle for lower amounts then yes in fact the money does vanish.  I'm not talking about every Saturday evening, I'm talking about the inevitable collapse and reconfiguration of a failed fractional reserve banking system.  Very similar to what happened in the great depression, which caused massive deflation because the money supply was falling as banks went out of business.  So again, your completely wrong and picking at my argument for seemingly no reason.
4. I never said value vanished.  I. Well aware that it's because of a lack of money, I fucking said that, explicitly, now your just running your mouth.
5. No interest is rent on money that is justified if that money is first earned.  The bank doesn't loan any earned money, (it SHOULD, but has a special privilege granted by government to issue new money) it loans money that doesn't exist.  So when your money is CREATED as a loan, then it is mathematically impossible for the interest to be paid off.  This is EXACTLY why we are in the mess were in today, and why the government can only loan more to postpone the collapse.  If 95% of the money in circulation is based on loans from banks (it's probably higher) then a very tiny number of those people will ever be able to pay off the principal and the interest, and if it ever happened, (obviously it wont) the banks would have control of every last dollar in circulation.  Does that sound right to you? 
6. So why is the whole system thing collapsing?  You need to learn more about economics.  You are reading the wrong stuff.  If I loan you a car, I've loaned something of real value.  Now imagine I loan you an IOU for a car.  This is fake money, that represents the value of a car.  Well, then you have to trade that IOU for a real car, because you can't drive an IOU to work.
If I created a bank tomorrow I could loan out money that I never earned, ever, by doing anything.  And saying that I can only loan out 9x what I have in deposits doesn't make it any less stupid.  The ratio should be AT MAXIMUM a 1:1.  You cant loan cars that don't exist.  Any other way and your just inflating a currency that then, inevitably will come crashing back down.  One day your debts WILL be called in, and you'll be fucked... Hard!  The fractional reserve banking system is simply wrong, unsustainable, and frankly it's fucking stupid. 
@_date: 2012-12-28 03:58:16
I fucking hate people who think they are better than everyone else.  And I REALLY hate people who preach to others about what they should or should not do with their own money.  We've got the government doing that every second of every day, we don't need your stupid ass doing it too.
@_date: 2012-11-28 08:31:01
3D Printing + Bitcoin = Fuck Yes!
Ive been waiting for this one to start, just felt like it might be the next step for Bitcoin.  No worries about a little self promotion.  I don't care who said it, good news is good news.  
@_date: 2012-10-13 00:34:24
Hahaha. I hope not but that is always a possibility.
@_date: 2012-08-17 19:10:27
Bout that time ay chaps?.........      right O.
@_date: 2012-08-17 20:08:18
Finally a real correction.  Man this has been stressful waiting for it to happen.  I feel better now : )
@_date: 2012-11-02 22:27:21
I've been using Google authenticator.  Its really easy to use and most people already have a smart phone, ipod touch, or tablet of some kind so its generally both the cheapest and quickest solution.  
@_date: 2012-08-10 15:51:16
I actually began reading through that late last night.  I was enlightened on many things i hadn't known before.
@_date: 2012-10-26 18:41:44
How does this make you lose faith in Bitcoin?  This is simply showing massive weaknesses everywhere bitcoin relies on an old system of doing things.  No one is shutting bitcoin down, the exchanges are going offline.  I agree this sucks horribly, but it just makes me hate the current system even more and wish I could do MORE business in bitcoin. That way I wouldn't have to keep transferring back and forth between fiat.  Its the fiat and banking side that is so easily manipulated and controlled. 
@_date: 2012-07-11 14:33:55
My offline USB backup is not the only copy by any means.  I have it on 2 separate USB sticks on an encrypted virtual drive.  Then I also have a copy of the encrypted drive on my dad's computer at his house, on my computer, and my brothers computer.
  So yeah, I have back-ups, lol.
@_date: 2012-08-12 18:20:23
lmao, i just asked my dad yesterday how old i was.  Wasn't sure if 24 or 25.
@_date: 2012-10-08 17:17:24
Thanks for the condescension and for insulting me!  Its good to know I'm an idiot who uses a Mac because I've never heard of Google.  How mature of you.
@_date: 2012-08-11 05:34:39
@_date: 2012-08-16 00:32:33
Something about the wording messes with the timing.  Wanted to laugh, but I just couldn't conjure it.  Not trying to hate or anything.  I love memes : )
@_date: 2012-10-09 19:42:43
Reason.com will update calculations ever so often based on multiple old standards.  The 9% calculation is a year old now and is based on the early 80s method.  The method in the 1990s gives between a 5-6% inflation... Which is still ruining savings accounts because savings interest rates are ridiculously low.  
A lot of people don't realize how fast prices rise.  It can sneak up without even being seen if you are not specifically looking for it.  Remember a gallon of gas was only $1.80 when Obama was inaugurated.  The government just keeps changing the way they measure it, I mean they excluded gold and silver a long time ago, which are statistically the absolute best indicators for long-term inflation.  
I'm honestly amazed the dollar has lasted this long.  But I can't see it going much longer.  If it takes $80 billion a month just to keep the bond market from imploding, there's nothing left.  The government just admitted defeat and said, "fuck it, we are just going to flood derivative and security markets with money and hope it lasts through the election."
When they stop buying, there will be no one to take up the slack.  And the crash will come, a thousand times harder than if they had done nothing at all.  Sucks, but that's why we're lucky to have bitcoin. : )
@_date: 2012-08-12 17:44:11
25, and please clarify what you mean by "don't understand economics."  The fact that they've invested in Bitcoin suggests exactly the opposite, that they do have at least some understanding of Austrian economics.  Otherwise, it looks like a terrible investment if you believe the main stream media's idiot economics. 
@_date: 2012-08-10 15:58:54
I'd never read that about the "cancer nodes." Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2012-08-23 06:06:16
I agree that there is risk and volatility, but I love having a good chunk of bitcoin.  Maybe people aren't as worried about the current state of the world's financial markets, but it scares the shit out of me.  I'm sitting and waiting for the greatest financial default in the history of the world, with a scope and impact that nothing in human history can even legitimately be compared to.  The mathematical discrepancy is catastrophic when you really analyze the numbers.   
Maybe I'm just crazy, but if you ask me, in my mind bitcoin and physical assets are the only safe havens in the economy right now.  The rest is completely a guessing game as to what will still be around in just a few years time.  There are a huge number of currencies tied to the dollar all around the world, and I think we're seeing the last years of its life.  Bitcoin is obviously not guaranteed to succeed, but the financial markets are pretty certain to fail miserably... so... yeah, that's how I see it.
@_date: 2012-08-10 15:55:54
I was under the false impression that if someone gained 51% of the network, that they basically had omnipotent control of validating transactions.  I went scouring the Internet for information about it because I was sure this had happened before.  Come to find out it was only possible because of a mistake in the code that didn't recognize the amount (i think it was a billion) because it was such a high number. And that it has since been fixed.  That actually does help shed some new light on some baseless worries of mine.  Thanks.
@_date: 2012-07-17 00:16:10
Took me a few hours the last time I sent funds.  It takes 6 confirmations before they update the balance and make the coins available.  They'll show up soon, no need to worry.
@_date: 2012-09-11 16:58:12
AAAAHHHHHH Fucking Fees!!!  Got excited about this for like a split second.  I was assuming there might be upwards of 5-6% fees, but that is still viable in certain situations.  But 15%?  I doubt that service gets used very often.
@_date: 2012-11-14 03:22:30
I already had a private Internet access VPN, but I bought another year long VPN for my brother on Bitcoin Friday.  
Get this: As of yesterday he found out that their ISP has changed the policy for downloading on their network.  Apparently they have "reached their monthly limit" (which didn't exist before) and the ISP has shutdown their access to Google, Facebook, and YouTube until the new month rolls around.  My brother texted me to thank me because his VPN made him the only person able to connect to those sites.  Needless to say, they are changing their ISP. 
@_date: 2012-07-11 05:53:06
I would love to use Armory, it definitely looks like the client I would be most comfortable with, but there are only "build from source" instructions for OSX.  Don't trust what I'm doing in Terminal well enough to try it.  I would worry I did something wrong and it would crash on me and corrupt my wallet or delete it somehow.
@_date: 2012-07-26 16:34:15
I think somebody should go to jail.  And I think a very thorough investigation should be made into all of the hacks and any connections between them while keeping in mind the possibility that they could have all been Zhou Tong.  This may of course be total crap, but considering the only evidence linking any of the hacks to an individual points to him, it certainly seems possible. 
His story is probable, but suspicious.  He appears to have immediately obtained a full confession, a promise to return the funds to avoid an investigation, and seemingly no additional evidence to support these claims other than his story.
In my mind, if a "colleague" had stolen a secret identity that belonged to ME and then committed a crime... I would be so pissed that shooting the individual would have to be thoroughly considered before any other options.  And at the very least I would want the fucker behind bars, because that person is not my friend.  Zhou Tong seems very accommodating to this colleague of his, and certainly remembers to mention multiple times that if an investigation does occur, the Bitcoinica customers might not get their funds back for a long time.  
Just seems sketchy to me.
@_date: 2012-10-13 02:52:52
Same here, I've never had a problem with anything I've ordered from them.
@_date: 2012-07-12 16:50:39
Btw, how long since you sent the money from Dwolla?
@_date: 2012-08-10 04:00:26
I certainly don't want more centralization in the network.  And I guess I have to admit that I don't really have any other example other than the 51% attack, but let me tell you what got me thinking about it.
I read a story some time ago about a piece of malware or virus of some type (unfortunately I don't remember specifics) that sent out i believe false connections across the network that was attempting to make people connect to a contaminated connection rather than a secure one.  (sorry for the continued vagueness). But a team at an anti-virus company used a server to search out and find these false connections and basically lure them into a network black-hole, rendering the malware useless.
Thinking about this today sent me on 2 separate tangents.  
1.  If someone attempted a 51% attack and added a billion new coins to the network in continuous transactions, couldn't someone run a piece of software that checked the Blockchain for validity and then actually snatched those transactions from the network and pulled them into a similar network black-hole?
2. Could someone make a Bitcoin black-hole?  Couldn't someone make a million virtual fake "nodes" in the Bitcoin network and everyones normal client would unknowingly connect to these nodes automatically, like any other, and then when transactions are broadcast, the fake nodes simply delete the transaction without spreading them further, causing a percentage of transactions to simply disappear from the network?  It might not effect everyone, but if they could get even 5% of people connecting to their fake nodes it could cause serious validation problems it seems.
I know this is pretty vague still, it's not my intention, just a lack of knowledge.  If this isn't a legitimate threat then please let me know, I don't know much about networking so it could be an exploitation that isn't possible with the Bitcoin network.  Just curious.
@_date: 2012-08-19 22:43:20
If this recent movement is actually a result of the whole Pirate40 Ponzi fiasco.  I'm probably gonna have a bruise on my forehead from facepalming so hard.  
Its one thing to have given him money and put your own finances at risk, but for him to have so many bitcoin that he cuts the market price in half while selling out.  Seriously, how could so many people be so stupid?
Honestly, I don't think that's what this move is, (or maybe i just don't want to believe it) but i could certainly be wrong.
@_date: 2012-09-12 05:54:21
Each bitcoin should be $11.  How it charged you $74 for only 4.4 I honestly don't have a clue.  Did you manually type in a higher price to purchase them at?  I used the same bitInstant deposit method and was able to purchase about $195 worth of btc when putting in around $204.  The fees should not be anywhere close to the difference you describe.  
Can you give any more details regarding the transaction?  if we could see this step by step, maybe that could shed some light on the situation.
@_date: 2012-12-14 03:49:01
"They are known to advertise it a lot since if they succeed then they will become rich, sort of like members of a pyramid scheme."
sigh... the deep seeded narrow-mindedness that some people have astonishes me.  Bitcoin makes internet micro-transactions possible that could never even have been considered before.  Naturally, a tip system would come out of this somewhere.  And if the space is the problem, banning it would neither be a useful, nor creative solution.  Making a new bot that uses a different method like a tip button next to a username if they have a bitcoin address would fix it just as easily without taking the ability to receive tips on the internet away from everyone the very second the universe made it possible.  To take away something from someone else because you don't like it is simply immaturity.
I've found a lot of people will quickly reject things they don't understand.  Its hard when Bitcoin challenges literally everything we are taught about society and the necessity of government as well.  If we don't need government for money anymore, what does that mean for the way the world runs?  Even if we only know it unconsciously, there is a very clear reason the people who don't like bitcoin become angered, and the people who support it are generally die hard... like me.  If it sounds too good to be true, and in addition challenges what you THINK you know about the world, its likely going to be shunned as a lie, scam, or conspiracy.  Likely without even so much as a decent search into how it works.  
@_date: 2012-05-27 07:25:00
But we already have the Internet on our side, which means we win...   Because the Internet wins.
@_date: 2012-08-17 04:39:35
I really don't like the idea of anyone toying with the base platform of Bitcoin.  However, pledging to not use it if they do change it before we even have details doesn't seem very useful.  
I CAN say that I will be extremely skeptical of any significant alteration, but honestly if bitcoin is to last, it will probably have to be updated on a regular basis (every few years).  That, however, should mean only ever adding simple features like contracts, escrow, updating the encryption, or finding even better ways to secure transactions and the chain itself from falsification.  
I will promise to have a healthy mountain of skepticism and never simply accept an update based on what someone else has told me... hell, that's largely the reason i use bitcoin in the first place.  I don't trust other people with power over my money, but asking me not to consider any change at all in the code, is asking me to wait for bitcoin to be made obsolete.  Everything on the internet changes, bitcoin inevitably will too.  Don't update, until you are absolutely, 100%, willing to risk the financial freedom of everyone, on the security and reliability of the alteration.  A lot is certainly at stake, but change will eventually happen.  Let's just make sure its a step forward and not backward.
@_date: 2012-10-09 02:21:45
Generally it doesn't matter.  I just ask to deposit to the account because that's all you are doing.  In reality it's none of their business, and you don't even have to say if you  don't want to.  I add that I'm buying Bitcoin just to fish a question out of them because I love explaining it to people.  Remember there's nothing illegal about buying bitcoin.  
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:43:36
It would probably be better to look at the usage of the dollar 5 to 10 years after its creation.  Then study/research the early adoption phases of past private currencies as well as government currencies.  Just to have something to really compare it to.  
I like the thought, though I think seeing as how we are, like you said, only 2-3 years into it, comparing it to the 78 years it took for the dollar to become the only currency doesn't really tell us much.  I certainly agree with the sentiment though.  This is the only economy I've ever had the great privilege of seeing at its birth.  
Something about Bitcoin, our accelerating technological growth, and the most important and influential shifts occurring in society today, makes me doubtful that we have seen anything near the peak of the crypto-currency, public Blockchain, and decentralized network revolution.  : )
@_date: 2012-09-06 04:59:33
When converting to a young currency who's community is full of cryptographers and hackers, your going to start off with hacking problems.  But this is due to a lack of security, not a failure of Bitcoin.  The problem is, our computer security programs are weak and common security practices are basically non-existent.  Until I found Bitcoin I had never encrypted anything before, didn't even know how.
The point is, we are going to have to increase our computer literacy as a society because more and more of our lives are going digital.  Whether we use digital bitcoin, digital dollars, digital bank accounts, or digital mint chips, all money is moving to a digital means.  Anyone who can't see that a money is defined by a clear set of characteristics and nothing else, simply isn't looking at the world right now.  NONE of the major currencies used today have "intrinsic value." 
What we need is higher understanding and progress into computer security, as the amount of sensitive information in need of protection is growing exponentially.  I believe Bitcoin is a very clear step in the direction toward greater security.  It is however, in desperate need of multiple key signatures.  If this had been in standard use, none of the hackers for the past few months would have made off with any Bitcoin.  
It's a very early work in progress, but we don't bail on HTML because the first websites ever put online are weak and keep getting defaced through simple methods.  There is a learning curve to new technology.  Everyone is so damn impatient.  Bitcoin is a new world.  The users have to play with the physics of this world and until they are fluent with its understanding, we're all gonna be bouncing off walls and running into shit.  And unfortunately, that's pretty much the only way to learn.
@_date: 2012-06-22 13:44:24
That's Awesome! Of course somebody else has thought of it first, lol.
@_date: 2012-06-27 18:44:54
Well you have still 2 very different situations.  Bitcoin is inflated specifically to more fairly distribute the coins, rather than having them at a set amount from the beginning where it would be very easy for 2 people to own 95% of the coins which would be bad for multiple reasons.   The miners get paid the new currency until it runs out, and fees for transaction priority pick it up afterward.
(though I think that will transfer to a ZipConf like service, where the provider sets a fee and they offer instant and guaranteed transaction security by sending transactions out thousands of times, mining their own transactions, etc.)
In the freicoin situation, if i understand this correctly, you have them actually trying to influence purchasing behavior and charging people a FEE, not on their TRANSACTIONS but their ACCOUNT BALANCES.  That's really stupid.  Your killing the economy's ability to invest in itself and building false scarcity.  The market determines the price, setting one from the start and hoping it works is a bad idea.  I mean seriously NO ONE will put their savings in something that eats its value.  People want their savings to MAKE MONEY.   How the hell would you save for retirement using freicoin?  How much longer would it take to save up for a billion dollar project?
Freicoin would only ever work if the main stream notion of "spending money fuels the economy" was in any way true.   In fact, savings is great for an economy, because the incentive is to hold it until something very valuable comes along, that can truly improve your life.  It prevents 200 companies from releasing a new cellphone every 45 minutes.  It prevents consumerism in place of purchasing for long term value and real progress.  A savings economy would produce fewer cars, but have many more breakthroughs in efficiency, transportation methods, and creativity.  A savings economy would produce fewer drugs and more cures (mid 1800s to 1940s cured 1 major disease every 10 years,  1940s to now, cured NOTHING).  A savings economy would have fewer pointlessly expensive services, and more free services that attract for larger, more valuable purchases.  (massages for cars, stupid example but it's true)
We know all of this because the late 1800s was in fact a gold/silver economy based on savings and production and the economic system was literally the complete opposite of what we have today.  Savings is the key to prosperity, any currency that doesn't encourage it, will fail because no one can make any large investments IN the economy without having their money OUT of the economy.  And if that's true, then why bother?
Conclusion: Savings based economy will always out produce any debt/spending economy.
Bitcoin beats freicoin... Correction - Bitcoin wins, freicoin commits suicide.
@_date: 2012-07-19 06:55:11
Nothing would happen other than the price would go up and the government would have a bunch of bitcoin, and there would be lots of happy people on r/Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-12-28 03:54:13
Wow, way to be a piece of shit.  I've lived at this stage for over a year before, barely making it by.  He is obviously trying to put money away for the future, despite having very little.  Which is an extremely smart decision and one of the reasons I'm not nearly as bad off right now and the ONLY reason I could afford a nice engagement ring for my new fianc.   Bitcoin has tripled since I managed to squeeze out a couple bucks every week or so for a little bit of savings.
Coinbase stole money from him and refused to help, and you blame him for being broke.  Honestly, you caught me in a bad mood already, so fuck you! 
OP, I'm sorry this happened to you.   Hope you get it figured out, and they should pay your overdraft fee as well if the bank doesn't cancel it, and don't stop until you get everything back.  I've had practically the same thing happen before (not bitcoin related though).  This shows an unbelievable lack of caring on the part of Coinbase.  Good luck getting your money back.  I know what it feels like.
@_date: 2012-10-17 14:55:48
I'm not going to spend my bitcoin on something I don't want, and this is not bad for the bitcoin economy.  
Savings is a very good thing.  It encourages efficient spending, meaning people don't throw that 78% at stickers and cupcakes just for the sake of spending, they wait for real developments and truly useful products.  You need to do some economic studies if you think this is hurting bitcoin.  
If everyone spent that 78% on cupcakes, then what happens when that truly unique product is released, that can change the bitcoin economy forever, and no one has any bitcoin savings to buy it with?  All the money would be stuck in an overinflated demand for bitcoin baked goods. (not hating on cupcakes btw, nom nom)
@_date: 2012-08-17 22:23:32
for some reason the link didn't post. :( 
@_date: 2012-08-08 14:07:35
Lol, beat me to it.  Don't trust those fuckers at all.
@_date: 2012-08-03 00:52:51
I like the idea but it seems like something that could be more easily exploited.  Much like buying stock in a company, you simply have to buy more than half and you have the final say in all company decisions.  Granted people don't usually conduct a hostile take-over of a company and then drive it into the ground.  
However, it would be a much simpler task for a government to buy up 51% of all Bitcoins (if it were a proof-of-stake currency) by inflating their own currency and then deem themselves the issuer of Bitcoins.  Forever after, as long as they didnt sell any, they would have the "authority" to create new Bitcoins from nothing and would essentially become a new digital Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2012-07-17 06:57:32
It's hard to gain any concrete information outside of analyzing the network itself.  The bitcoin keys don't identify anything alone, therefore the transaction they refer to could be a person making a new wallet and moving their bitcoin, or a purchase for heroine on the Silk Road.  I doubt SilkRoad is going to send you a record of their transactions so you can identify which is which.  In fact they might not even know themselves.  Most of the information is deleted automatically, they simply provide the avenue.  
The point is, most all data you seem to be referring to is going to be really hard if not impossible to obtain.  And that's largely due one of the same reasons many people use Bitcoin.  The best you could do is probably request information from the top bitcoin businesses about transactions and/or traffic. 
If someone else could come up with a more clever method of getting the data together safely then I'm all ears.  But to me it seems like its going to be difficult simply due to the nature of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-07-22 16:12:04
What is one supposed to be doing with this exactly?
@_date: 2012-08-19 00:24:51
An oldie, but a goodie!
@_date: 2012-10-31 17:44:15
So the banks have the money on reserve when they make the loans?  Either this is, or is not true.  Do the banks have deposits equal in amount to the money they loan? 
No, in fact they do not.  Selling the loan later makes no difference at all, because then its subject to the market price of new money.  Which will cause inflation in the markets when they sell in order to meet deposits.  
If every single bank did it, what would happen?  Eventually every bank would be insolvent, seeing as how the total principle + interest can only be paid back with a loan from another bank.  There is a difference that can't be accounted for because the bank is creating loan money, without having any savings to back it, and subsequently charging interest on that new money.  As a closed system, the loan can't be paid back because the money doesn't exist in circulation.  As an open system, it causes inflation and then destructive deflation (where debt is liquidated and the mathematical difference is rebalanced) when the debt contraction finally occurs.  Either way its not a productive system of banking and any deviation from a loan/savings 1:1 balance is simply poor business practice. 
You say fractional reserve would work fine in a free market based on banks setting a smarter reserve requirement based on their situation.  I am disagreeing with you.  The Interest rate is what determines the price of loaned money.  Yes, of course, a few banks would get away with poor ratios, because it's the nature of markets.  
The best way to describe it is using the speculation industry.  People speculate all the time.  Buy gas when it's cheap, sell it when it's high.  This Is done to balance prices over time.  It's the only reason a cotton shirt isn't $2.00 right after harvest and $100 in the middle of winter.  Speculators buy up the excess and hold it until the price begins to rise.  A lot of people make money doing this, a lot lose money.  As an industry however, it collectively takes a loss.  There isn't actual productivity in the market, therefore there are no real gains.  Banking is the same way.  They do not produce anything, therefore if they dont operate on a 1:1 ratio, the loss is being eaten by someone, somewhere.  Fractional reserve, whether all banks did it in a free market or government run market, would behave largely the same way.  Anything they loaned over their deposits would cause inflation in the markets (countering any attempted value creation) and the interest could not be paid back in full, and many loans would have to be eventually liquidated at a lower price.  The mathematical difference has to be accounted for somewhere.  Reality is not altered by creating new rules for accounting losses and gains.
FYI, you can disagree with someone without calling them stupid, ignorant, conspiracy, morons.  Has anyone here been an asshole to you?  Nope.  When someone challenges what you believe or "know," the same chemicals are released in your brain that release during a fight or flight response.  You should remember that the next time someone's thoughts conflict with yours, otherwise you might sound like a dick.
@_date: 2012-10-09 15:01:41
Inflation is not low.  If you go by any reasonable standards (lets use the one from the 80s) it's around 9%.  Yeah, if you keep removing things from inflation measurements that inflate the earliest (commodities from higher stages of production) you get "less inflation.". Unfortunately that new number gives you no useful information about the economy.  So the real inflation is closer to 9%.  Meaning every last savings account in an economy flooded with debt, even accounting for their interest payments, is constantly losing value.  
Saving is being discouraged, and borrowing money that doesn't even exist is being encouraged and subsidized.  The dollar is about to collapse completely.  We're not doing as well as you want to make out.
@_date: 2012-09-13 19:16:08
I like.
@_date: 2012-06-27 02:32:02
Bought a private torrent site invitation on SilkRoad.  Worked great and was an awesome private torrent site, except there were no damn leechers.  I kept trying to download right when a torrent was added so I could upload to others but I ended up using my limit and just waiting to upload.  Then got booted for inactivity.   I was sad but everything about the bitcoin transaction was awesome!  
@_date: 2012-08-21 19:59:07
Actually it's not what "libertarians" believe.  In fact, just like any group of people they believe a very wide range of things regarding regulation.  
I'm a "libertarian" in many ways and I believe that anyone has the right to be stupid with their money.  They just don't have the right to force me to play along.  It's one thing to have a stupid business plan that people can choose to lose their money on.  But what happens when your regulation is stupid, and you don't have the choice to govern your finances by a higher standard, because if you do, you get locked in a cage?  
Our government forces participation in a great many ponzi schemes.  What is so good about our banking regulations?  The banks haven't produced a single shirt, washing machine, house or anything, and yet every producer in the country is in debt to them because of a "regulation" that says the banks have the license to create new loan money with no production to back it.  Imagine if you owed me the value of an entire car, because I had the right to produce from thin air, the money to buy it?  What the hell did I do to earn the value of that car? Not a damn thing, and yet you owe it to ME!  With INTEREST!  This system was created through monopolistic regulation, and it's about to come crashing down around us.
Im not trying to be an ass.  But you must remember regulation doesn't cure stupid financial behavior, it centralizes it, and punishes alternatives.  As a " libertarian," i believe we should have the right to disagree, and you can't force me to do anything with my money, and I can't force you to do anything with yours.  People will always be stupid, this is as good a system as can be created from that logical certainty.  No one can force their stupidity on anyone else.
@_date: 2012-08-01 16:53:05
Since the car is built with a modular system it would be possible to design my own parts and/or purchase for third parties that also design for your cars.  Obviously though, it will take some time for the market to get there and the only outer "car cover" I saw in your video was the original "wikispeed" design that looks sort of like a Zonda.  My question is, are you going to have multiple covers available for purchase and are there any plans to enclose the cockpit?  Im seriously considering i may purchase one as soon as I can afford it, but I would like the option to purchase an enclosed cockpit rather than having to build my own.  
@_date: 2012-08-02 23:59:36
Why on earth would we do such a thing?
@_date: 2012-08-10 15:49:50
Honestly I'm not worried that it may become illegal.  Look at marijuana for instance.  It's illegality has simply kept the price artificially high.  Making it illegal won't be any significant threat in my mind.  I mean it's illegal for me to download movies online too... But the only way it has changed my behavior is that I now use a VPN. : )
@_date: 2012-07-27 21:44:22
I enjoy my coffee hot as well, but I think 1st Degree burn temperatures are sufficient.  
@_date: 2012-07-26 15:50:21
PROBLEM:  Am I the only one who is seeing a short and stupid article about using workplace computers for personal browsing?  
There is absolutely nothing about TOR or the Silkroad in the linked article when I click but it seems to be different for everyone else here.
EDIT: ok, for anyone else using the AlienBlue app, be sure to select "standard" in the bottom left of the view window rather than "optimal." for some reason "optimal" shows an article that isn't on the page.  It's a link at the top of the page about browsing social networks in a professional setting.... not really fun to read when your hoping for a TOR/Silkroad article.  
@_date: 2012-08-17 21:29:49
Simplest way to put it in my opinion.  With low liquidity in the markets our steps simply result in big movements in the price.  But this is basically what were seeing.  Up-vote for a succinct argument.  :)
@_date: 2012-09-28 20:57:14
I've been super excited for the past thirty minutes or so, been on the verge of popping some popcorn even though I don't even eat it.  I've been in hyper think mode trying to determine what this would do for Bitcoin.  Force coders to find a fix?  Reveal a simpler alternative way to prevent this from happening?  Prove that it costs far more to implement the attack than the attack can produce in profit?  Will we have to rollback the chain again?  Will a few hours of world-wide bitcoin transactions have to be reversed?  Will the Blockchain forever have a false transaction stuck in e middle of it?  I'm super curious right now.  Surprisingly though, I'm not really worried about my bitcoin's value.  Maybe I'm wrong in that thinking as well.  Any thoughts on all this?
I've successfully gotten nothing productive done since I saw the post about the attack on r/bitcoin. 
Of course, I just read a comment saying that this isn't what the institute is actually doing. That they are just relaying blocks or some sh*t and their not mining at all... Can anyone confirm or deny this with evidence?
@_date: 2012-08-23 04:35:08
Another way of thinking about it:  voting isn't the currency they use for the operations of government, voting is simply a separation between us and the methods our money is spent.  Government doesn't pay hospital bills in votes, they pay in dollars, taken from us, by the decree of individuals voted into a position of power and given the authority to dictate where and how that money is to be spent.
There are 4 ways to spend money.
1. Spend your own money on yourself
2. Spend your own money on someone else.
3. Spend someone else's money on yourself
4. Spend someone else's money on someone else.
This video provides a short and simple explanation of this principle:
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:17:32
Just purchased a year subscription.  The service is awesome and much better than BTguard in my opinion.  Plus their software has a Internet shut-off feature to ensure you are always connected to the VPN when browsing or tormenting.  I love it.
@_date: 2012-07-27 06:26:13
I've never talked to anyone who has used them but I found Paysius.com recently and they have low fees.  I would check them out first though.  Anyone here used them before?
@_date: 2012-08-15 02:49:28
1 BTC = $10,610,229.28 in January.
Because math!
@_date: 2012-10-17 15:18:03
A pseudo-anonymous currency does what it does best.  New technology will always be used first for it's most valuable and unique feature.  Anonymous online purchases would be what is driving bitcoin, and like you said, this is in no way a bad thing.
Remember VHS beat BetaMax because of the porn industry.  A lot of people seem to think this is bad for Bitcoin's image to be in the drug and porn business, but it's where it is most desired.  Honestly, I think we should encourage it where it's legal.  Like porn and medical marijuana dispensaries.   We won't get anywhere trying to compete with an embedded system without encouraging Bitcoin's best attributes in the few markets they are clearly being utilized.
@_date: 2012-09-06 21:06:42
It really seems like this is very similar to a ponzi.  How can you simply assign a "value" to information?  It seems to me that the only way this could possibly work is if new money (the dividend payout) came in from advertising on the websites.  Otherwise, where is the new value coming from?  And why do people care about the popularity of a website, ifs it's not to get a product or idea out to the many viewers of said website?
I do think however that this could work as an advertising platform to buy and sell shares of ad revenue.  That way the investors are sharing the percentages based on their contributions to their investments in the websites ideas or system.  Making of course, the more popular sites the higher valued.
The point I'm trying to get across though is that it seems like there has to be a "shared profit" from the website in order for the system to actually work, which I didn't see mentioned in your example.  You simply can't have dividend payouts that go to old share holders, from the money put in by the new share holders.  
Maybe I'm missing something here.  If you could maybe draw a diagram of how the whole thing works?
@_date: 2012-10-27 18:13:43
As long as the Silkroad or something like it exists, Bitcoin will survive.  
Not necessarily because people always want drugs.  But because it proves that Bitcoin successfully makes possible at least one very specific desire in the market that cant be achieved through any other medium, financial privacy. :)  
@_date: 2012-09-19 18:37:35
I see what your trying to say.  And if you apply a simple correlation between scams and the currency you have a loose connection that could lead to what your describing, but under a little scrutiny it doesn't really make any sense.  
Scams around something of value do not lower it's value.  And ponzi schemes are not the nature of bitcoin, it's the nature of greedy people.  This problem is not fixed with some other form of currency, certainly not the dollar.  I have plenty of friends who have lost money in giant pyramid schemes and ponzi schemes, but no one questioned the validity of the dollar or any other currency because of it.  
"no way to recover stolen funds." There is also no simple way to recover stolen cash, or a stolen car, or a burned down house, or a microwaved DVD.  Does that mean these things have no value?  Just because they are perishable and must be purchased again if destroyed?  It just means we have to keep them safer than we are used to keeping our digital goods, because they are more valuable, not less.
I also have to disagree with your assessment that it will become a "middle man" type currency as well.  If what you suggest is true, that it has value in anonymity, and that it will be used for such - there will be very little desire to take fees in incessant money transfers.  More and more businesses will simply begin accepting it, as comfort with it as a means of anonymous financing become more wide spread.  Honestly, it makes no sense to me for Bitcoin to fail, unless the protocol itself is flawed.  A "fad" is something that adds no real value to the current way of operating, but is new and interesting.  Bitcoin revolutionizes money in a way that's never even been possible until very recently.  Plus, It's value as a means of secure accounting is a hundred fold better than any current alternative.
In addition, none of this even considers the fact that our current financial system is about to implode.  We're about to witness a financial collapse that will be greater than any other in the history of the world.  Do you think a pseudo-anonymous, irreversible transaction, digital, infinitely divisible, open-source, decentralized, inflation proof currency will look desirable to people when the banks freeze their holdings and the government prints until its cheaper to wipe your ass with hundreds than buy toilet paper?
Not to be disagreeable... But I disagree.
@_date: 2012-07-12 18:16:10
I talked to their 24/7 support because I didn't see Bitcoin as an option on their checkout page and I was curious.  
Exact response: "Our bitcoin api is being updated, should be back up within 24 hours"
@_date: 2012-02-25 01:36:25
No questions, but this does make me smile. :)
@_date: 2012-07-13 14:46:16
So after 5 separate break ins, all achieved because of incredibly stupid security practices, like duplicate passwords, and not changing passwords AFTER being hacked... 
People are still using Bitcoinica?....  Let it die man!  Get away from them, they obviously don't learn from their mistakes.
@_date: 2012-06-21 00:38:04
The dollar and euro are stable yes, but only because of massive liquidity in the markets.  Both currencies have been losing actual purchase value at about 10% per year for a number of years now.  They are stable, but they are also very poor at storing or measuring value, making them bad currencies.  
The people who constantly talk about speculation in bitcoin as a bad thing are simply missing the point.  In fact, speculation is a very important part of every market.  It's the very mechanism in the market that stabilizes prices.  If this weren't the case many commodity prices would be incredibly volatile, especially seasonal ones.  But because people buy when supply is high, and sell when it's low, the price balances.  
In fact, any economic study of the speculation industry shows that in a mature market the industry as a whole always takes a loss.  Meaning it only serves to balance and most lose money in the act of speculating.
The reason speculation is so dangerous in the euro/dollar market that's full of booms and busts is because our money is printed as a note of DEBT.  When u take out a loan the bank creates the money from nothing, then backs it by your promise to pay it back or give up the house/whatever you bought.
When speculation creates bubbles in a mature economy it's only ever because the market is out of balance, either through government manipulation of the interest rate, loans backed by nothing, incessant printing of currency etc.  BITCOIN is volatile through the activity of speculators only because it's a young market and it's easier for them to sink money than it is to flood the market with products, manufacturing, services, application, and everything else.  
Speculators simply get there first.     Period. 
Summary - THE ROLE OF MARKET SPECULATION is predicting where future value in the markets will be and as a whole works to stabilize prices by Its nature.  Speculation now is nothing more than seeing future potential.  If you think that's bad for the market then you are simply stuck in what I call " mass media economics."
@_date: 2012-07-07 15:09:49
Is it time to start bombarding dispensaries with Bitcoin emails?
@_date: 2012-07-21 00:24:00
: ( 
If anyone does find a way, make sure to post it on r/bitcoin ASAP.
@_date: 2012-07-13 22:14:02
Honestly, I would take 100,000 Bitcoin over $1,000,000 any day of the week.  Moving that much in dollars is not easy, and trying to buy Bitcoin with it would be a disaster. Price would spike, you've got a $1,000 withdrawal limit, you'd probably get arrested if you tried to withdrawal a million in cash, and you would have to include a finger print, photo ID, a blood sample, and a strand of hair.   
That's not even to mention that the dollar crisis is literally sitting on our door step and the FINREG bill gives the banks and the government the right to seize anyone's account.  Hell, I get scared when I have just an extra $300 sitting in the bank.  I always take it out and buy Bitcoin or silver immediately.  Don't like banks or paper money so you can just give me the Bitcoin.  : )
@_date: 2012-08-16 01:29:45
Try DiabloMiner instead.  That's what I use and it automatically finds the GPU.  All I do is type in my user/pass and then the mining pool and it goes to work.
@_date: 2012-07-11 14:29:18
I once moved my wallet to Dropbox thinking it automatically made a copy rather than moving the actual file.  (for some reason I knew without a doubt that when I moved a file to Dropbox it automatically copied)  So with the complete confident belief that I had my wallet securely backed up I opened my bitcoin client and my wallet was empty.
I tried to remain calm and immediately right-clicked on my backup and "opened with" my bitcoin client.  Empty.  Now I'm sweating.  I moved stuff around and right clicked to open every backup I had up to that point and got absolutely nothing.
After about an hour of this and trying to calmly talk to my girlfriend (who has a few of her own bitcoin in my wallet)  I went to the bathroom to vomit furiously.  All of my savings was in that wallet, not really a small amount of btc.  
Come to find out, the original Dropbox back up was moved from the folder and not copied, then my bitcoin client automatically makes a new, blank wallet when none is in the folder, and right-clicking a wallet to "open-with" doesn't do a damn thing and the client just shows the wallet still present in the application folder.  
When i got my bitcoin back where I could see them, I got stoned and refused to work on anything for the rest of the day.  : )
@_date: 2012-08-27 13:51:51
I've never seen a super simple mining software with an interface where you can just type In what you need in boxes unfortunately.  If someone else has, then I'm sure it will eventually be posted here.  One thing I CAN still recommend is to use a pool.  With your graphics card, you are likely to never receive a block, and I've never thought using the pool was difficult or untrustworthy.  In fact i used deepbit specifically because I was constantly referring to their directions.  Go to a pool (I've been wanting to switch to P2Pool because there is no central server, but Slush and Deepbit are good too). Register a username and password, post your bitcoin key to the account, log into it with your miner, get paid fractions of a bitcoin every hour or so.  
I only ever used diablo-miner because it was the only one that didn't give me an error or crash on startup for me.  After you use it once it's easy, the first time though is a little weird, especially if your unfamiliar with the command prompt.  Don't worry though, there's nothing to be afraid of and after you do it once or twice you'll feel like a hacker typing in a bunch of shit you memorized into the command prompt and making the computer do stuff : )
 I put my diablo-miner on the desktop just for quicker access.  Then you open command prompt and type in the path to the DiabloMiner-windows.exe file.
Generally something like /desktop/DiabloMiner/DiabloMiner-Windows.exe 
Make sure this is correct because there is no scrolling or mid-text editing in the command prompt and a mistake will result in having to retype the whole thing.  I've always known this, but it's amazing how quickly you can forget it.
Then follow right behind the path of the miner the following without any quotations:
-u "username here" -p "password" -o "pool" -r "port" 
An example of the pool you would type in is "pit.deepbit.net" -again don't type the quotations-  Also I'm not recommending deepbit, it's just the only one I've used.  They do have links to directions on their front page though.  I found them very helpful when I was getting started mining, largely the only reason I used their pool.
Here's exactly what I type in the command prompt for a reference:
/Desktop/Mining/DiabloMiner/DiabloMiner-Windows.exe -u freetoevolve -p imnottellingyoumypassword -o pit.deepbit.net -r 8332
Then hit enter and after connecting and logging in, it should start showing "packets received" and it will just continue to do this over and over every few seconds until you close the command prompt.
The sad thing is, as simple as it sounds like it would be, I don't know of one with a simple interface that just asks you to type in the required info into designated spaces and then starts mining for you.  It may very well be out there, you just might have to wait for another post to hear about it.  I'm learning coding just to let you know and after I get through the bulk of codecademy I intend for this to be my very first project.  Just a simple interface built on top of an already fully functioning miner app.   I think it's incredibly important to make mining easy as piss for each and every user in case the network needs to protect against a well funded attack sometime in the future.
Hope this helps a little, I'm not well versed in mining, but thought it might be worth adding my 2 bitcent.  Good luck! 
@_date: 2012-08-05 20:34:09
Basically, people shift their economic thought process.  They become savers, rather than spenders.  They are more frugal and efficient with their money.  The economy never goes deep into debt, seeing as how its harder to pay off the longer you have it.  Debt then, is a quick loan for something that is certain to be paid off quickly.  
It basically becomes a sound economy rather than an awful one like we have.  If you listen to politicians for you economic understanding, then this probably sounds terrible to you.  In reality though, this would be an incredibly healthy economy that would improve and grow far faster than our current one.  
If people are more frugal, then they purchase for significant improvements rather than "this year's model."  This would completely obliterate the consumerism mentality in a matter of months.   We would be largely debt free, have far more productive capacities and activities for anyone who needed it (whether they were called "jobs" or not).  The economy would be wildly productive and would regularly revolutionize methods of accomplishing things, because otherwise people hold on to their money.  Businesses would grow and disappear faster if they were unable to adjust to significant changes in technology.  (ex. Music industry would be long gone) The financial market would actually be small and stable.  There wouldn't be trillions in derivatives and it would be incredibly hard to profit from volatility.  Banks (if they exist) are small and serve a real purpose. 
I guess what's most important to address here is whether or not people will spend their Bitcoin.  The answer, put simply, is yes, of course.  The easiest way to explain this is that you have a computer.  Computer technology doubles in capacity and speed every 2 years.  This is MASSIVE deflation in the marketplace.  Yet everyone still buys computers, and new smartphones, and new game consoles, and so on.  It just means you don't waste your money, it doesn't mean that you don't buy stuff.  It just means your more careful when shopping.
In conclusion, It would work out fantastically.
@_date: 2012-08-18 06:41:11
Despite the fact that I've only purchased just a few times from Silkroad I do go to check it out almost daily.  Mostly just to watch prices, new products/venders, and to be sure it still exists.  
Price changes are solely up to the sellers.  Some update often, others only a few times a month.  The best place to get current prices is cannabis, likely because it's the biggest seller.  Sometimes you'll see someone trying to dump a strain at a serious discount just to get the bitcoin quickly.  
@_date: 2012-08-03 05:42:35
I don't know, and it seems like no one else does either.  Every time I've heard it discussed some say its ponzi, others say maybe not, but neither knows for sure.  That alone I think is reason enough not to give them your money.
I wouldn't risk my Bitcoin with someone else in order to earn "high interest" when my Bitcoin do nothing but appreciate anyway.  Of course it depends on what price you paid for them, but my Bitcoin savings wallet has had a 100% increase in value and i even purchased a large number of them at $20.  So that includes my losses from the bubble bursting.  I wouldn't risk losing my Bitcoin that are skyrocketing in value in a blind attempt to get even richer.  I consider my Bitcoin to be an investment.  Giving money to a secret fund that pays super high interest but doesn't tell you how is called gambling.  :)
@_date: 2012-10-09 02:15:06
I even back up the whole Blockchain every few months.  Not sure why i didn't think of this immediately.  Thnx
@_date: 2012-04-12 00:10:54
"Additionally, theres the problem of balancing the economy. In the U.S., the Federal Reserve handles the printing and regulation of the dollar.
If the bitcoin is to become a widely accepted global currency, a regulating agency more complex and thorough than the Fed is required."
L   M   A   O
@_date: 2012-07-09 16:28:36
That guy in the video who says " we use coins dot com" and sings that horrid song at the end kinda freaks me out.
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:59:26
The question is how close to closing time was it at the bank you deposited at?  I've never had it take 2 hours except for a single time, in which I had to wait for the bank to reopen the next morning.
EDIT:  Wait, we're you referring to an Online Bank Transfer?  Because if you are I don't have a clue how long it will take.  My online bank transfers to Dwolla when I still used them took sometimes 3 days.
@_date: 2012-08-11 18:09:35
This = bad economics. 
@_date: 2012-08-18 00:59:34
Bubbles like the tech and housing bubbles are caused by controlling the economy-wide interest rates.  For instance, if the interest rate is at 6% then only a certain amount of people can afford to go into debt.  They have to be sure they can pay the 6% on whatever their loan is, and they have to produce enough for a surplus in order to sustain whatever economic endeavor they are undertaking.  Let's say there are a million people who can afford 6% on a loan of $100,000 and sufficiently produce to pay it off.  Well the government decides thats not enough people, so they lower the base interest rate to 4%.  Suddenly those same million people can get a loan for $150,000 with the same payment as before.  On top of the fact, that here come another 500,000 people who can now afford a loan they never would have gotten.  And it's not like the banks don't have the funds because they are legally allowed to create it from thin air.  
So now, with a simple drop in the interest rate, there is more than twice the amount of new money chasing the same number of products and services in the economy.  So they try to find the fastest growing industry to put it in.  Prices skyrocket in the tech industry until the new debt runs dry and a new equilibrium is met at the lower rate.  Then it bursts, a lot of debt is liquidated, and the prices plummet.  Then to fix this, what does uncle Sam do?  That's right, they lower interest rates again.  This has been going on consistently for about 30-40 years and it's spread over multiple industries.  In the case of housing, on top of the new money, they required banks to engage in lending practices specifically to allow broke people to afford big loans.  Now the interest rates are at ZERO... Hence the inevitable economic collapse were sitting on the edge of.  
The bitcoin bubble however has nothing to do with this cycle.  The bitcoin "bubbles" aren't debt driven at all.  It's simply volatility that's present in a very young currency with low liquidity.  There's not really anything special about it from what I can tell.  When something new comes into the markets, the markets have to test the waters, and when any amount of funds are entering and exiting a small marketplace, prices fluctuate wildly.  As another post mentioned earlier today, this generally happens in a "2 steps forward, one step back" kind of way.  
@_date: 2012-07-15 19:19:08
Anyone know where I can get some Methoxetamine? 
@_date: 2012-08-03 20:23:21
seems legit!
@_date: 2012-08-01 17:15:52
I know a lot of the factors may be out of your control, but do you have an estimate as to how long it will be before I could order one of these, have it shipped to North Carolina, and start driving it around on the road legally?
@_date: 2012-09-03 07:29:10
I don't quite share the same amount of frustration, but I certainly agree.  Good article though.  Always fun to see someone new talking about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-08-09 02:58:35
This is beginning to get annoying.  These assholes post the same scam under a new username every few days.  
@_date: 2012-08-15 23:48:24
Nah dude!  Your just stupid! Obviously your a Moran who doesn't understand basic economics and believes in libertarianism which is destined to fail!  There is evidence I found suggesting that bitcoins are used by the Russian Mafia!!  CRAZY BITCOIN CRAZIES!!
@_date: 2012-08-17 21:27:25
You are simply seeing the fluctuations of a very young economy with low liquidity and massive potential.  Until there is a significant and stable economy using the currency, the price will continue to fluctuate in this way.  
There will be large increases and then subsequent pullbacks in the market price.  The overall trend will likely be up, as we can clearly see when looking at a long enough chart.  As the economy becomes larger these fluctuations will become far more gradual, but there is still plenty of road to travel before we get there.  Volatility should not be feared, it should be expected.
@_date: 2012-09-08 15:22:21
I honestly don't think it will drag out for even 2 years.  We have replaced every bubble with another bubble for something like 30 years running.  We are sitting on the edge of the largest financial cliff ever created by an institution of man.  
The bubble that had to prop up the Housing bubble was in fact the bond bubble.  Check that again, the BOND bubble.  When they have to create bubbles in derivative markets that don't even represent any real production in the economy, you know we're on our last legs.  There won't be one to replace this, the world is already finding ways to avoid the dollar, and as soon as oil is no longer tied to it.... (which Iran has already done) then that's it, the currency is through.  There will just be printing behind loaning, during massive liquidation, then price controls, then more printing and loaning, and so on and so forth.  
I still think it might start rolling with a few disastrous financial announcements before this Christmas.  Either way I see no way of making it through 2013.
@_date: 2012-07-17 08:10:19
I was about to say that I've been through the exact same thing after you gave the full details, but see that everything is already cleared up. : )
Glad you got it figured out.  
@_date: 2012-07-16 17:36:07
Only money under the Fractional Reserve banking system is debt.  Money as a technology was NEVER meant to be debt.  It was supposed to be a measure of productive value to be exchanged.  In our economy however he is correct.  All fiat money in our banking system is backed by nothing more than the promise to pay it back.  Every bank note represents someone else's debt to the bank.  So in this example he still misunderstands the truth of money, but is technically correct regarding the shit money we currently use.
@_date: 2012-12-18 20:34:11
Lol, good suggestion but I'm not sure I have $20,000.  Kind of cool that bitmit actually has engagement rings though.
@_date: 2012-07-16 04:49:35
Thanks for letting everyone know.  I just stumbled on it.  Didn't really think to check it out for legitimacy.  
@_date: 2012-09-13 12:27:58
Ok good, I feel better.  Glad it worked out!
@_date: 2012-10-17 15:35:20
Exactly!  My bitcoin experience has been the complete opposite of that "psychological effect."  Every time the price of btc skyrockets I want to buy crap because prices are so cheap.  Its like everything just went on sale!  I purchased more things in the 2 days when the price peaked around 15 than in all the time since.  I want to buy bitcoin when it's price is low in dollars, and I want to buy stuff when it's price is low in bitcoin.  
The deflationary/spending myth is just that, a myth.
@_date: 2012-09-13 02:29:41
Yeah, bitcoin is way too volatile to know for sure.  My take on it however is that we have sat for a few weeks around the $10-11 price range after a major pullback from $15.  I see this as a heavy resistance and it's been ever so slowly and steadily rising since.  I think now is the time to buy, if I wasn't broke as shit I'd be buying them constantly.
ALERT:  No one really knows what their talking about when it comes to future bitcoin prices, myself included.  I figured I'd let you know my general feeling if all you wanted was a little encouragement when making your first purchase.  : )
In my thinking, next year the price will be higher, because bitcoin is fucking awesome, so who cares what happens next week?
@_date: 2012-11-10 14:37:52
If he didn't willingly give up his password, how would they steal them? 
@_date: 2012-11-06 05:23:09
I want one.  
@_date: 2012-06-21 08:33:09
It's a voluntary currency, any attempt to back it would have a worse trust issue than Bitcoin alone.  
Plus, Bitcoin challenges a lot of very common misconceptions about money, including the fact that being "backed" by some commodity actually isn't required.  It simply needs to act as a reliable measurement of value within its own economy.
Its a good thought, but ultimately wouldn't change anything.
@_date: 2012-09-28 23:21:00
(btw by not worried, i was referring to long term, i simply didn't think it would kill the network)
So with a 51% attack they could make as many new bitcoin as they wanted?  I was told when i posted the question sometime back that they actually couldn't do that and could only double spend whatever coins they had.  Now I'm confused again.  I have yet to get a clear answer as to what is possible with 51% of the network hash power.  Can you give it to me as straight as possible?
@_date: 2012-10-28 02:58:13
The basic idea behind Fractional Reserve Banking is that if a bank has $1,000 in deposits inside the bank, the government allows them the monopoly power to create another $9,000 from thin air, as long as it has been loaned to someone else.  So the bank can counterfeit the $9,000 for me to buy a car, as long as I have signed an agreement to pay the money back later.   And they can do this despite never having the money to begin with.
Bitcoin is designed so that no one can create ANY out of thin air, no matter who says its "ok."  If they created 9,000 new Bitcoin on their balance sheet and loaned it out, the network would reject the transaction, because its not real Bitcoin.
Like Julian702 said, fractional reserve banking is a ponzi scheme and it is simply impossible for such a system to exist under Bitcoin unless the code is rewritten. 
@_date: 2012-09-14 22:23:36
According to the economic theories you attempt to disprove my argument with, our banking system is working just fine and we have nothing to worry about.  Let's wait a few years and find out who's right.
@_date: 2012-09-08 15:32:21
It would be more "hyper deflation" when denominated in dollars, but our economy wouldn't be as greatly affected as it would seem.  People still might trade a bitcoin for a reasonable amount of value, the difference will be that no one will want dollars. The price in dollars of everything economy wide will skyrocket and people will simply stop trading with them.  Therefore in a short time, there will be no bitcoins denominated in dollars, because no bitcoin user will ever trade their bitcoin for dollars.  That doesn't necessarily mean, however, that you could go buy a house for .5 bitcoin.  But that would be nice : )
In the end though, if the design is full proof, its value will inevitably rise due to the massive gap that will exist in currency supply.  When the world's largest currencies die, there will be people moving massive amounts of wealth.  This will make the currency markets in general extremely volatile, not to mention bitcoin.  R/bitcoin will be a very fun place to hang out when that happens, lol.
@_date: 2012-08-05 20:11:49
Saw the video on the last post.  I'm not sure why your re-posting unless you were just bothered by the hate in the comments.  I can certainly understand the feeling.  
Coming from a fellow filmmaker/videographer I suggest shortening it.  Not because its really long in general, but it is long compared to what you get out of it.  There are multiple times where I felt like i was sitting and waiting for something to happen.  Music was good, but i didn't just want to sit and listen to it.  The part where i got furthest from the content was when there was a space that showed the Eiffel tower like 3 times around other things.  The monuments didn't fit with what you were trying to portray it seems, unless I (as the audience) simply don't see the idea you're trying to put across as your hoping i will.  In fact I'm not sure what the "message" was unless it was simply "Bitcoins are Awesome!"  Which they of course are.
Honestly, there's a lot about it that's good.  Quality was good.  I'm not sure where you got all the footage but it was clean.  I would say pick a clearer "story" to tell in your video.  Take a message that can be easily proved or considered in 30-45 seconds time.  Take "Bitcoin is Revolutionary" for instance.  You can just ask questions like "What if you could do the entire functions of a bank, without any employees or buildings?"  "What if you could choose your money and never have to worry about it being printed, altered, or abused at your expense?"  "What if you could send a currency with the same characteristics of gold, halfway around the world in only a few seconds?"  
If this video was a quick, point-for-point kind of thing with some flashy visuals and some build-up triumphant bastard kinda music you might have something.  (you can still use some of the same video, just in a different context) As of now there are a small number of issues that are unfortunately deal-breakers for a general audience when deciding if they liked something enough to share it with friends.  
I don't mean to just rant like i know shit and your a tard or anything.  I'm never happy with my own videos so don't think I'm trying to be Mr. Know-it-all.  My input is more useful I think as an audience member who also makes videos.  I CAN tell you what I wish people would tell me, if you get what I'm saying.   
I just like to see people work on stuff, especially something as important as Bitcoin promotion.  I've been planning to do tons of little videos but never have the fuckin time because I'm still editing weddings, retirement videos, and all that crap.  Luckily I'm going to be done in a few weeks and I'm going to sink my energy into Bitcoin.  : )
I like what your doing, so don't get discouraged.  In fact when I get to working on these we might want to bounce some ideas back and forth and "proof-read" each others videos so to speak.  Its useless to show it to my friends.  They just say, "aw man, that's cool...." because they're my friends.  It just pisses me off because I can't use "that's cool."  It tells me nothing.  Anyway, keep it up.  The video is good, It's certainly worth a youtube like!  I just don't think a lot of people will show it to someone else.  And that is what's critical.
@_date: 2016-09-11 01:15:58
I think **Monero** certainly has a future, but I don't think it will ever be much more than a Bitcoin extension.  There doesn't seem to be much of a push for Monero outside of darknet and privacy critical purchases. However, if you are using Monero, the simplicity of switching to/from Bitcoin, plus the added layer of a Bitcoin exchange assisting with privacy, makes the cost of redundant Monero infrastructure and fiat integration almost pointless.  Meaning I think Monero's success could be dependent on Bitcoin's success.
I also truly think **Doge** might hang around with some fashion of success if the community is able to associate it with all things comedic or playful on the Internet.  I think many cryptocurrencies will grow as Bitcoin does. Doge placed itself as a niche community that remains unique simply for its image. 
I also think some form of **Maidsafe** or **Storj** could have a strong chance of success if the incentive structure and ease of user integration problem can be solved. It might prove that a decentralized storage system can be done without a token, but I still think the concept has promise.
Lastly, **namecoin**, if development doesn't just stop outright.  I think there is serious promise for a decentralized DNS and identity chain.  Yes it can be made a sidechain, but I still think a completely separate chain could survive.  Again I believe it is largely a development issue with namecoin.  
@_date: 2012-10-23 18:47:38
I expected that to be even higher honestly.  There is not any shortage of people who think bitcoin is a scam or ponzi scheme.  When you don't know any details or inter-workings of something new, very rarely does one have an accurate assessment of it.  Bitcoin is clearly misunderstood by a lot of people, which is to be expected.  Bitcoin may seem simple, but underneath the surface there is a very complicated and detailed system based on cryptography, Austrian economics, and decentralization.  It is a difficult task to learn the philosophies and ideas necessary to fully grasp its value.
If only 30% of people think it's crap, I would take that as a very good sign. :)
@_date: 2012-08-16 01:53:39
I feel like a terrible person for not having caught this the first time.  
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:57:59
Who's karma?  Karma for the guys who have lied repeatedly?  Karma for Ver who has repeatedly reassured people to hold their money in the exact places it later gets burned or fucking stolen?  Karma for the guy who held up SegWit adoption for 2 years by spreading complete verifiable horseshit and then forked Bitcoin anyway to keep his mining advantage anyway? Karma for Vorhees who wants a business run development process and so makes a political decisions in *direct opposition* to literally every good developer out there?
Who is getting the karma they deserve?  Did I make some deal with some corporate buddies to split my Bitcoin?  Why don't I remember that?  Did I agree to any NYA or Hong Kong deal?  No I didn't.  None of us did.  But we're getting tossed around in this battle and the only people that even have the smallest fucking regard to the users safety and their investments are the Core Devs.  Garzik and Vorhess both refuse to add protections and even work to ensure peoples investments are *directly at risk* for use as a *political weapon!*  
You do understand that just because you support by blocks on like 50 different HF bitcoins, that it doesn't protect you from replay either?  That if your chain fails and you spend your 2X coin you will
Lose it on the Core chain.
This moronic "compromise" is a political decision... that's it... and you are mocking a *huge* and *purposeful* risk built into the code because of your *political* bias.  I hope you lose everything for being so unbelievably ignorant about the technical implications of what "feels right" to you that you applaud outright fraud and deliberate coding of attack vectors. 
For the same reason big government only ends in eventual collapse from taking too much from the producers.  Ignorant fools who make political decisions and even support an open threat to transaction security (that affects both chains no less, how fucking stupid can you be?) only *ever* learn a thing when they get burned to the bone by their own ignorance.
You are a fool.
@_date: 2012-07-11 03:42:21
Little Snitch is an awesome app that watches every port on your computer and allows/denies any and all internet traffic.  Makes it so no one can communicate with my computer without me knowing.
And by not having the wallet "open," I was referring to just leaving my wallet encrypted and cutting off my client so I'm not connected to anyone.  
@_date: 2012-08-15 11:42:12
Please avoid Dwolla.  It's really seems to cause problems for people.  Use cash deposit w/ Bitinstant -&gt; MtGox.  It's super fast and I've never had a problem with it.  Hope it's not a problem, though I did see someone up some time back who did this exact thing and had funds stuck in oblivion.   Not sure how or if he got it worked out, but keep us informed on the progress if you will.  Hope it goes through.
@_date: 2012-08-09 23:55:33
If I was a good programmer I would do everything in my power to do this myself.  Unfortunately I'm only about 10% of the way through Codecademy's Javascript Fundamentals course.  I wont be of much use... Yet. However, with a set of directions I can do anything.  :)
And honestly If its to help secure Bitcoin, I'll do it, no questions asked.  I've been mining at a loss for almost 6 months just to get a little Bitcoin and to know I'm helping out the network, lol.
@_date: 2012-08-12 00:26:16
I don't see the problem, they're just selling a currency at wholesale discount prices.  Seems legit to me.
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:14:32
I don't like the Bitcoin Foundation.  I find it completely superfluous, permeated with politics, and wasteful of valuable resources.
That being said, making the claim that it's a "centralized dictatorship" is a poor misuse of those words.  You are not forced to fund them, and like myself, probably never have.  And there is no reason to believe they have ever "interfered with core development."  As worthless as they might be, they were (up until very recently), the only institution *actively funding* development. 
I understand the sentiment and frustration, but IMO that comment is ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:02:46
dont hand out flyers to people who've never heard of bitcoin.  i promise you wont get anywhere with that.  A brochure, card, flyer or something similar might be useful if the person is *already interested* in bitcoin.  It then just becomes a handy resource list to give the individual more information that they might simply not know where/how to find.  That would probably be the only use you would get out of that kind of "advertising."  If you just hand out flyers to random people I would be surprised if even 1 out of a hundred even bothered to look into it.  Cost would greatly outweigh the benefits.
@_date: 2015-04-07 00:53:21
I've been trying to get a good analogy and I like this one.  Its not perfect but its pretty close.  
@_date: 2015-04-03 22:36:23
I was in the Bitcoin space having conversations about Bitcoin Savings &amp; Trust while it was active.  Some people *thought* it was a ponzi, some had no idea, some thought it was legit, and some simply did not *want* to believe.  Are you suggesting that everyone *then* should have known due to the knowledge that you have *now?*  Are you suggesting that ignorance of someone else's wrongdoings is no defense for being guilty of *their* crimes?  
  If I loan a thousand dollars to my friend because he has a really cool business plan, then it turns out he actually used it to buy supplies to kidnap someone for ransom, am I guilty of funding his act of violence? Am I suddenly complicit in *his* crime? What if a coworker wanted to invest and needed to go through me to contact this friend?  Then it's neither *my* money nor an act that I perpetrated.  It is someone else's funds *and* someone else's crime.  And you say *I* should be guilty?  
  What about a taxi driver who drives a mafia hitman to his mark?  What about the shipping company that unknowingly delivers carefully hidden drugs?  I don't think your idea would have the consequences you are hoping for.
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:31:31
Possible on the blockchain, *not* possible with bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-04-10 21:54:32


This i can agree with.  Could have left out calling him an idiot.
@_date: 2015-04-10 03:00:13
Seriously I've been doing this for a while and don't want to lose the ability to do that.  It's been since last week in Starbucks though so I didn't know this change had happened.  If this is true then that sucks.  Glad I saw this before going to the movies this coming saturday.  I would have been *very* unhappy.
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:23:49
Wetting my feeds right now.
@_date: 2015-04-07 00:37:45
Actually that's not really the same thing.  You don't have to use Coinbase or Circle, they offer a service and are trying to mitigate the risk they are taking on in order to provide you with a simple way to buy bitcoin.  You can use cash on the street or just msg users on reddit.  But thats annoying and time consuming, so you use Coinbase.  But Coinbase doesn't exist if they aren't able to find the people who steal from them and their fees will be pretty staggering if they have no recourse or protection against high volumes of credit card fraud. 
Now they might go overboard and abuse the position or make their identity procedures overly invasive.  But this is beside the point.  They have to get your information in order to safely keep their service active.
The NSA is a different story altogether.  They are just spying on you and coming up with an excuse.  You can't *not* use the NSA.
EDIT:  Coinbase wouldn't be spying if there was no credit card fraud.  It doesn't earn them money, it is just a cost to mitigate risk.  The NSA gets *paid* to spy.
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:29:46
They = the people who comment regarding the blockchain being useful, but bitcoin being unnecessary or that it will 'go away.'
This is what you said:


I was referring to this group, since this seemed to be the context of your argument.  If you carefully reread my 2 sentences you notice I did not say Bitreserve.  I was responding to what I just quoted regarding "most people" with the blockchain versus bitcoin view. 
I do think that Bitreserve is incorrect in their assessment, but there are hundreds of ideas as to what bitcoin will be in 10-20 years and truth is nobody really knows.  I think their model will likely be very successful as well, but its more likely that people will want a network token to exchange these many commodities and price against since stores probably wont accept the hundreds of varying commodities as day-to-day currency.  And if you have an on-network/built-in currency, why would you use it as a *proxy* for a different, centrally controlled, and inflationary currency?
My only point was that the analogy works.  Bitcoin tokens are the fuel that keep the network going.  Responding to arguments that say they aren't necessary is not circlejerking and happens to be a worthwhile debate. As is the debate that it will stay around but not be widely used as currency.  I'm inclined to think it will be, but id like to hear other arguments.
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:24:09
No, the best thing is to have savers who don't immediately dump their purchasing power on the market in short term, thoughtless expenditures and instead save for the more important, long-term projects or truly groundbreaking products/uses of the blockchain technology.
If it was going to take 5-10 years and be incredibly expensive, why would someone start building the "killer app" of bitcoin if no one was saving bitcoin and waiting to spend it something revolutionary?  If everyone just threw all their bitcoin at alpaca socks, not only would this defer funds from truly great products, but it would create a massive bubble in the alpaca sock industry.  If the unit of money wasn't desired, then no one would build the products and/or services for trade in order to obtain them.  
We want money that is scarce, holds its value, and can steadily grow in value if saved over the long-term.  That will give us a healthy, stable, and wildly productive economy.  A bitcoin saved today is an investment in the future.
TL;DR  Deferring your spending/saving/hoarding/whatever is *critical* for longer term projects, ensures there is purchasing power in the future, keeps the economy resilient to fluctuations and downturns, and increases the purchasing power of the money.   So yes, *everyone* should save as much as they can for the future and not spend it on worthless crap for the sake of a brain-dead Keynesian economist's idea of "economic stimulus."
@_date: 2015-04-07 12:17:35
It is plausible that they understand Bitcoin and have the much more nuanced viewpoint you laid out.  However, I think the majority of them are just ignorant and don't understand how or why Bitcoin works. 
@_date: 2015-04-01 17:55:47
I already do this.  I use Gyft constantly, we do most of our grocery shopping at Target and I buy all my tools and supplies at Home Depot.  I buy all my electronics online with bitcoin using either Gyft and Amazon or NewEgg.  We also pretty regularly go to the movies, get Starbucks, and go out to eat.  We do all of this using Gyft cards.  
I also just bought a plane ticket on cheapair.com to Las Vegas. The best part about it is that i fund my account on Coinbase automatically every week and we just ust that as a spending account.  lets us easily budget how much we use for different things and we get 3% back on everything because of Gyft.  
Bitcoin can be used to purchase just about anything these days if your willing to find out how.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:35:32
Exactly.  We must keep the true spirit of Jesus alive by celebrating a giant bunny and hiding his rainbow eggs everywhere!
@_date: 2015-04-07 12:24:03
A better analogy to explain how and why bitcoin works is not circlejerking.  Plenty of circlejerking goes on around here, but this is not a very good example of it.  The post may sound pompous and dismissive, but that does not mean its a circle jerk.
@_date: 2015-04-07 12:20:54
Well, the blockchain could give out litecoin, dogecoins, and a whole bunch of other things instead of bitcoin.  You could even use a different engine/mining algorithm.  The point he is making is *the token is the fuel that runs the blockchain.*  I think it works rather nicely as an analogy.
@_date: 2015-09-09 15:17:16
CHECKMATE KEYNESIANS!!
@_date: 2015-04-07 12:26:46
It needs better explanations.  This is a decent one as to the importance of the issuing token in relation to the blockchain.  It *is* basically the fuel that keeps it running. 
It also needs fewer pompous assholes who have nothing to contribute ;)
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:25:22
About $100 worth of stuff at Home Depot using Gyft.com.  Running CAT5e throughout the house and needed a bunch of wall pltaes, ketstone jacks, a few tools, and RJ-45 fittings.
@_date: 2015-04-08 23:56:07
I have 4 completely separate savings wallets with 4 *really* obnoxious passwords.  Only open to check balances.
Then I have a short term savings that i put toward new furniture and such.  Shorter but still difficult password.
Then i have a spending wallet (normal password) that i use all the time for Starbucks gift cards, home depot purchases, and going out to the movies.  Works very nicely and its super easy to budget for stuff that way.  
@_date: 2015-04-08 23:52:26
Should have figured.  I thought it would be posted but didn't see it anywhere.  Didn't look hard enough i guess.  
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:29:40
Interesting... So why are they making a new crypto then?  Why would they want something weaker, less reliable, and tied to the confidence of a week old pseudo-country?
Unless they simply want to make a bunch of money off of it why go through all the trouble?  Sadly it's very likely they are just trying to make a bunch of money and bail, and the new crypto gives a lot of credence to that idea.  Libertarians (like myself) can be very idealist and unfortunately that generally makes them easy to fool.  What better way to coax a bunch of money out of dreamers than start a country claiming to be the future we are all trying to build and create a new money?  All you have to do is buy a bunch of Utopiacoin to finally be free!  
Disclaimer: I have (thankfully) become much more reluctant to get excited about all the new crap that happens every day.  I still think we will get there, but my money will stay with me until someone **proves** they have something with real potential.  I'm not calling scam yet, but I'm not giving them my Bitcoin either.
@_date: 2015-04-04 11:54:02
You actually already can in a roundabout way.  Plus you get a discount ;)
If you have bitcoin buy a Burger King (or maybe Subway I forget which one i used) giftcard on GYFT.com.  You then redeem the card for Riot Points.  There is a list in the game shop that shows what giftcards you can use.  Im just not at my computer right now so i cant check it.  Definitely spent the only $20 (in btc) that Ive ever spent on Leagues.
edit: the discount is 3% back on gyft.com.  Egifter has points back too.
@_date: 2015-09-14 13:45:37
A Facebook friends of mine and myself were debating with your typical  debt fixes problems, government money is infinite socialist.  At some point my friend mentioned Bitcoin and the other guy left so as to "not be associated with idiots."  I inquired further and he sent me a link.  My brother and i then had about a 5 hour conversation of the impact of such a technology.  I've found no way to exit the rabbit hole since.
@_date: 2015-09-06 19:13:49
Very true, Mt. Gox was technically an example of this.  However the result was pretty clear.  You can't withdraw your coins back to the main chain or the scam becomes completely obvious.  Whereas in banking a fractional reserve dollar is indistinguishable from a "real" dollar because the "blockchain" that creates them has no means of distinguishing between them.  Bitcoin is fundamentally different in that way.  
So it's possible, but far more likely to end in disaster as all that is needed in order reveal it is to move your coin out of the fractional system and back into the main Blockchain.  That's nearly impossible to do with dollars unless you move everything to cash.  Which then comes with a drastic decline in features and usability, something Bitcoin doesn't suffer from.   
@_date: 2015-04-11 13:50:27
I think this is completely missing the point.  Millions of merchants are already integrated with Paypal.  Therefore, having Paypal integrate bitcoin saves a massive amount of time and money for those millions of merchants.  If they start getting business regularly in bitcoin they may quickly notice that it can be accepted with little headache without paying any fees.  


That's ridiculous.  Similar to saying, "if linux needs microsoft, dell, or HP computers to succeed, it has failed."  You can use bitcoin with *any* platform, it wont succeed or fail due to Paypal, but integration with larger payment processors and increasing its market use case will *absolutely* help adoption of it as a payment network.  And using a third party to package the software/feature in already used services is a simple, widely used, and very common practice to make it easier for merchants to use new technology. 
The protocols of the internet don't become less decentralized because a lot of people go to youtube for funny videos.  Same with bitcoin, there is no way everyone will be using bitcoin without other services getting involved in the same way that people benefit from millions of linux servers without having a clue.  Decentralization means everyone will use it differently and it can succeed both with individual user implementation as well as large payment processor integration.  It does *not* "defeat the purpose of bitcoin."
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:19:00
When you have the ability to issue a card, you have no idea how much time and frustration this will save me.  There will still be times I would use gyft.com, but I have been waiting for a wallet that can be spent as a credit card (in the US!) for what seems like a *very* long time.
So the important question!!  You mention Europe and Singapore, what about the US!?  I know we have a completely insane regulatory system and its a nightmare to deal with, but there are customers here too!!
@_date: 2015-04-08 12:08:39
Im betting they had a very biased test bed for their survey.
Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if only 6.2% of *people subscribed to r/bitcoin* had ever used bitcoin IRL.
@_date: 2015-09-06 19:00:02
If you have access to another iOS device try downloading the app there and starting a new wallet.  Then use the recovery phrase to recover it in your current device.  Then delete the app from the second device.  
Maybe give that a shot and let us know if it worked.  
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:02:28
I always thought buttercoin was a fake website created by bitcoin hating trolls :/
That's not a good first impression considering I like to test out every bitcoin service I can find but always thought buttercoin posts (the few I saw) were just troll posts.
@_date: 2015-04-15 13:08:51
Actually, the article explicitly said the *exact opposite* of your statement.  They laid out both the price decline and the disappointing adoption statistics and said (I will quote them since you probably didn't read it):


So I'm not sure why you're here complaining that someone made this claim, when it appears that you imagined it.  The *actual* good news the article discussed was this:


and this:




and this as well:




Now I can agree that the price being in bear market and adoption being less than impressive is *not* good news.  But your implication that the article ever even suggested this is just completely false.  
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:58:22
Just all that free market, liberty, and capitalism that's destroying our country I guess.  /s
@_date: 2015-04-05 06:24:10
Sounds like it would be a lot simpler if they made a common ledger to work from.  Maybe it could be verified by all of them at once and you could transact without using any of those middle man companies.  They could just have cryptographic access to only specific portions of the ledger.  
I think that might work.
Disclaimer: in all honesty I think that this will be bitcoins main use.  We (the general public) may end up using Bitcoin in the distant future as a pricing mechanism, but I think there is real value to using it as a means of clearing transactions between larger financial institutions and businesses.
@_date: 2015-04-05 06:06:58
Saw the episode when it originally aired.  Jason Biggs is representing his "anonymous" client who is being prosecuted for making Bitcoin.  Can't remember the finer details, but I do remember it being good and it made some fun mystery about who Satoshi is and had a couple of cool moments.  Jason Biggs' last lines were really good for example.  Definitely worth a watch, and I don't watch the show btw.  Only seen the one episode.
@_date: 2015-04-04 11:40:12
She works at Charles Schwab and is supposed to be there to help *you.*
  Here's an analogy.  I'm a cable technician, i go into a customers house to work on their internet connection.  They have been thinking about getting a big TV package because they really like show so-and-so and love watching movies.  I go into a rant about how people who watch TV are fat slobs who are worthless to society.  Who do nothing but vote for idiots to get stuff for themselves and then bitch about everything.  They are worthless, eventually become criminals, and should do something valuable with their lives instead of watching show so-and-so and sitting on their asses all day.  Otherwise this country is going to hell.
  Should i be fired for that?  Does this make me a good or bad employee?
@_date: 2011-10-10 05:16:20
Hahaha!  Government = horrible regulation.  What we want is 1000 different companies with a 1000 different opinions fighting for regulation in a free market and competing for customers.  What our CURRENT market has is a single organization with monopoly power and a single person at the top of it all.  THAT is the system that is failing miserably and with flying colors!!  Outside of a very volatile price (just like any new market), Bitcoin has a far brighter future than your so called "regulated" US dollar.  SO... Ur a retard!
Thank you I needed a good laugh :)
@_date: 2015-09-06 18:53:36
It's because I spent a bunch of Bitcoin. No joke, I spent a good chunk at $229 thinking it wasn't going to make any significant moves and in no time at all, before my order has even been shipped, the price is now $240.  Happens almost every time it seems.  
Maybe if I just empty my entire stash of Bitcoin savings accounts gradually over the next 100 days or so I can start the next bubble :D
@_date: 2015-04-04 11:48:01
yeah, because everytime anyone ever types "lol" it means they actually burst out laughing uncontrollably. /s
@_date: 2015-04-10 02:48:59
I disagree.  Obviously it doesn't get completely around the major ISPs because that would likely require hundreds of thousands of miles of fiber optic cable to do that.  But being able to spread out the connection tree and bounce connection from one individual to the next easily will make a significant difference in the *foundation* of the infrastructure.  It will encourage people to have larger wireless spread if used often enough and could change the funding model.  
People I think are somehow under the impression that we have to wholly own and operate an alternate  set of global internet lines to be free from ISP control.  This is not at all the truth IMO.  The lines are already there.  All we need to get around the ISPs is to change the funding model (bitmesh great example), start building new infrastructure at the edges (meshnets clearly have a purpose and popularity here), and encrypt our communications.  We can still use the same wires.  
Also remember that this will change local connectivity in a massive way.  Bitmesh clearly is not at this kind of complexity yet, but if this model evolves more, this is the kind of thing that allows local texting without leaving the mesh, local hosting to mesh-only viewers, and local social networks that never connect to the broader Internet.  The platform for monetizing meshnet infrastructure IMO is insanely important for the future of the Internet and its freedom.   This is both a proof of concept and a very needed step in the right direction.
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:38:02
i dont actually type my password in to check them.  They stay encrypted.  I may however go ahead and just remove it from my computer altogether and create a few watch-only wallets for them.  Probably time to go ahead and do this.  Just been putting it off.
@_date: 2015-04-05 18:41:48
Having countries that economically rely on each other is, in fact, one of the surest ways to prevent war.  Trade has a huge influence on decisions for war and naturally promotes countries to not bomb each other.  Not sure why you think that's such a crazy idea.  It's got nothing to do with McDonalds specifically.  It's just that having a more open trade policy has the side effect of spreading McDonalds restaurants.  Therefore, peace and the presence of a McDonalds may actually have a correlation.
Also "warring factions who won't trade" is not actually the problem.  The warring factions are almost always powerful minorities.  It's almost universally a political class of one country fighting the political class of another and then forcing or paying their citizens to participate in their power squabbles.   Bitcoin loosens their control over the financial system and is likely to encourage international trade and reduce the barriers.  OP's story is a small but significant example.  So yeah, Bitcoin could very well be a factor in quelling the pressures for war by lowering the barriers to international trade.
Edit: If you don't think Bitcoin will do anything to make trade easier between warring countries, then explain why.  Are you able to go on the Blockchain and pick out which addresses are in Isreali wallets? 
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:06:35
I don't think it's a fad anymore than computers were when they first came out to the consumer market.  For the very very simple reason that it is a technology that has not come close to seeing its uses become a reality.  
There are things possible with the bitcoin network that *simply cannot be accomplished with the same ease, cost effectiveness, and reliability* as it could be using the Bitcoin network.   You can't have a decentralized, fee-less, uncensored and global marketplace without a currency of the same characteristics.  
I think that such a network is inevitable and that, out of little more than a lack of options, must become popular (in the same way torrents did).  And most importantly it will find success if it uses the most reliable and widely used trust network available, rather than create its own.  Bitcoin is, and will likely remain, the only best option.  
@_date: 2015-04-07 04:42:24
Banks deal almost entirely in reversible transactions.
Edit: still not condoning the extent that privacy has been violated.  Just pointing out that it shouldn't be unexpected when using their service and they aren't just doing it for fun.
@_date: 2011-10-10 20:27:15
Don't get me wrong, my only prediction for the near future is a continued decline unless it breaks the trend line.  I think the major resistance will be at $1 because it was around $1 for a fairly long amount of time (i think around 3 months) before it soared in May, 2011.  Even though it may find equilibrium higher than that, I wouldn't make any bets because like a few of you mentioned it is purely speculation.  
The climb that I think is coming will most likely be dependent on some event that acts as a catalyst.  The only thing I was trying to get across in the article is that I think the market is nearly ready for that "event."  Until that time the price wont do much at all.  The price climb earlier this year happened before the market was ready to accommodate the necessary number of transaction increases in order to sustain or outweigh the high price.  There were very few reliable payment services, and because of this it took a significant amount of time to make a simple transaction and have it confirmed by the network.  Obviously this is the opposite of what we want with Bitcoin.  
And that's not to mention what "scrubadub" commented that around 216,000 Bitcoins are being mined every 30 days.  Bitcoin's price is solely dependent on supply and demand.  With the constantly increasing supply a decline is obviously expected, in fact it may actually be the major factor in the price decline.  Although the demand has probably fluctuated far more radically than the supply... (because, of course, we know the change in supply).  
---On a side note has anyone used Bitpay.com for buying/selling things with Bitcoin?  I've been looking into possible payment services (for selling products and/or receiving donations) and I liked what they had to offer.  Though, I haven't talked to anyone who has used them yet.---
BTW, Thanks so much for the comments, it really means alot.  Glad you liked it or I hope you enjoyed not liking it, lol!
@_date: 2011-10-23 07:30:25
Makes no difference, the difficulty adjusts based on the amount of people mining for it.  
@_date: 2011-12-30 04:44:03
BTW my Application support folder is still there and unchanged.
@_date: 2011-11-18 05:41:15
Why does the silkroad link not work for me?  I've used Tor for a while and have always wanted to simply go see the website but I can never get there.  None of the links I find ever work.  Just wondering if anyone else has this problem?
@_date: 2011-12-30 05:19:54
HOLY GOD THANK YOU!!  Apparently I'm just a total retard.  BE WARNED:  When moving your wallet.dat file to a dropbox folder IT DOES NOT COPY THE FILE, IT MOVES IT!  So When you open the client it will make a new wallet.dat file... with nothing in it.  That Wallet.dat file is precious.  Have MANY copies.
@_date: 2015-03-19 11:41:42
Looks like centralized dark markets have one of two eventual ends:
1) The government comes in, steals everyone's bitcoins and shuts down the website.
2) The operators bail, steal everyone's bitcoins and shut down the website.
@_date: 2011-09-29 14:27:46
This is horribly stupid and ignorant.  To say that monetary control of interest rates or the ability to print money is necessary to have a stable currency is just a little bit retarded.  I'm sure that at least some of the people here know that granting a monopoly power over interest rates and encouraging wide spread indebtedness and mindless spending by devaluing currency is no walk in the park for economies.  That pesky boom &amp; bust thing always gets in the way of blinding Keynesian idiocy.  I'll believe that "deflationary death spiral" argument when it HAPPENS.  Still hasn't, still no one can give an example, just this remarkably stupid hypothetical situation.  
Yes wages are "sticky" and yes it is bad for businesses that have gone into debt to produce, but that assumes that the economy under an unregulated naturally deflating currency looks exactly like our current economy that is overinflated, destructive, 90% employee, has a poisonous financial system, constant booms &amp; busts, under phenomenal amounts of debt, and has enormous gaps between the rich and the poor.  Deflation is good for the poorest of the population and bad for business owners with tons of debt. It simply changes the foundational incentives of the economy to one where people save, debt is rare, stupid, and risky, saving is simple and profitable, money is better understood and not left up to a monopolistic coercive group of morons as if it can't be understood or controlled by the free market.  Outside of that the population simply adjusts their behavior to account for a different type of money, one that actually holds/gains value.  The economy should naturally go through small, constant deflation anyway because its always getting more productive.  
The technology markets are the easiest to see.  I bought a computer 2 years ago.  If I spent the same amount of money today I could buy a computer with literally 4, that's right, FOUR times the computational power as the one I purchased then.  This means that my money, in terms of computer power, is worth 4 times what it was 2 years ago.  OBVIOUSLY anyone who bought a computer 2 years ago should be devastated and the company that was building those computers must have gone out of business by now.
If you ask me I would call it a satire, but only because it made me chuckle a few times.
@_date: 2011-10-10 04:55:57
I honestly think its just because it hit a resistance line.  There might be a better short term reason like bitcoin7's hack or something but in the end people just sold some bitcoin.  There has been a long 4 month downward trend since the huge speculative spike in June.  Bticoin is simply trying to find its equilibrium price and its slow going.  So many people got in so fast that the market is just taking forever to adjust.  I've watched it every day and it keeps brushing the underside of the trend line and then falling.  I thought it might hold at $5 for a little while there, but when it reached the trend line it fell.  As soon as it finds equilibrium and breaks the trend I'm buying like a mofo, lol.
@_date: 2015-11-28 06:12:17
I keep reading about this Li-Fi all over the place and I'm genuinely not understanding how this is a breakthrough.  This is just fiber optic without a cable is it not?  Just 2 lights at either end that degrade, are subject to light interference, and requires line-of-sight... Which are the *reasons we invented fiber-optic cable in the first place.*  
Can anyone tell me any different?  Does it even use a different standard for light communication that could make fiber communication more dense?  Not to belittle someone's hard work (if there was any involved) but I don't even see why this should be considered an innovation, not to mention "disruptive."  
@_date: 2015-03-31 22:58:08
Thanks for the tip!!  I think it would probably be cost.  The commercial isn't *that* annoying and honestly I'm used to it.  Plus, I've seen commercials I enjoy before and sometimes even when I have the opportunity to skip it, I don't.  It might be interesting, funny, clever, or about a service I'm interested in and/or need.  It's not often, but it happens.  
It's just not inconvenient enough for me to break out my iPhone, open my wallet, scan a QR code, and then pay 50 cent.  If the ad isn't super long it could very well take the same amount of time too. 
Here's the situation I imagine I might be less likely to watch the ad.  If the option came up, I had a secure integrated browser wallet (maybe like kryptokit or something similar) that allowed for one click payment, and I saw a quarter on the screen.  Maybe it says "to watch this video, please insert a quarter." If it happened at the same moment I clicked the link, no extra steps, no QR.  Obviously not easy, but it means the ad *simply didn't play* and $.25 was sent from my wallet, but I did not have to do *some other thing* instead.
That's what seems to work In my head, but then again I paid the 50 cent this time so who knows.  Might find myself watching it sometimes and skipping it others based on my mood.  --- Might be interesting if I saw a thumbnail of the commercial I would have to watch.  Then I'd know to skip the shitty ones and watch the funny ones, but I might still watch something I didn't recognize.
Honestly I don't know, this is all just random thoughts.  I just find the concept of micro payments on the internet fascinating 
@_date: 2015-11-28 20:19:18
It simply results in a paradigm shift to new materials and designs as you mentioned.  But that's simply what it will do, in fact there are multiple candidates for what might drive the next paradigm.  Technological evolution is hundreds of thousands of years going under exponential growth (that's if we don't examine the biological evolution preceding it, of which technology was the paradigm shift that continued it.) That trend is not going to stop because of the ending of a 30 year curve in transistor size and computational power.  
We haven't even tapped the 3rd dimension in processors.  We have multiple materials, graphene being my favorite, that many many minds are trying to use to redesign all of those components you mentioned.  And thanks to our highly technological economy, we are getting better and better positioned for a huge shift to made and having it occur both faster and more frictionless.  Not that any such transition will be easy, but I can't see any reason to think it won't occur.  In my opinion it's probably going to occur *despite* the vast number of people who do *not* want it to.  It will probably come with the undermining of the systems and structures that dominate every major industry in the world. 
@_date: 2015-03-13 03:32:58
u/greenovni = r/Bitcoin? 
@_date: 2015-03-27 11:45:08
holy crap.  its been so long since ive traded anything other than bitcoin that i completely forgot about market hours.  
@_date: 2015-03-11 13:22:52
If this somehow got passed the fees would just be hidden elsewhere.  There would be higher fees to get cards, open accounts, based on how often account is used, higher overdraft etc.   The banks have one of the best legally supported monopolies around.  Either, like you said, they wont let it get passed, or it won't make a difference.
@_date: 2015-03-07 04:37:07
Very true, gold certainly has the historical guarantee but I personally like the novelty and the specific capabilities of Bitcoin.  I think it's worth the risks even as a standard long term savings account.
@_date: 2015-03-11 11:36:22
Exactly, without anything to compare it to the number is not very useful.  It *could* mean that one guy told his cousin about it and their family started using it.  Raising the users from 5 to 8!!  An astonishing 60% increase for the month. 
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:09:34
This was really cool, i actually paid $0.49 to watch the full video just to try it out.  Never done that before despite using bitcoin in many different ways.  Gotta say it was kind of neat and very easy.  
I will probably use the advertisement version in the future, but the paywall version was much simpler and not as bad as i had always thought it might be.  Could have a future :)
Really good interview too.  
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:52:57
Except that it's a huge step forward from proprietary, end-to-end openly readable, centrally controlled, and openly monitored email.  
I can agree with some of your points.  I don't hold much trust for monopolistic legal institutions either.  And I don't like centralized email.  But this service isn't all that bad and there just isn't much out there for secure and easy to use alternatives.
In short I get it, but you seem kind of angry and overly critical without much of a reason.  There's not a decentralized alternative that's consumer ready yet, this option looks pretty good, and the creators seem to have their ideals in the right place.  Cynicism is unbecoming. 
@_date: 2015-03-03 18:53:19
It happens in cycles.  When a technology leads to massive decentralization, those who see its value and efficiency build and expand on this new innovation, tech, or system and will generally get complacent, accepting their new world as a given.  Then time passes revealing its weaknesses and those who desire and clamor for centralization will inevitably work their way into every possible hole or connection to centralize that power however it can be accomplished.  Then pressure builds until there is so much resistance that the tech is changed completely or a new tech comes along that changes the game entirely and creates a new era in power decentralization. 
Decentralization always gets overrun with centralized control.  But the further technology goes and the longer you measure the trends the direction is ultimately towards more robust, universal, and uncompromising decentralization.  This stage will likely bring on the birth of many different inter-networks that do not rely on each other and do not speak the same language.  And I think it will also likely be the final push to encrypting communication protocols from the ground up, making much of the centralization obsolete.
Edit: Bitcoin, maidsafe, bittorrent, and storj are great examples of the push to make the problem obsolete just as its getting real control.  These things present wildly more difficult challenges to the powers that be and they *already* exist.
Second edit: re-reading my comment I realize i implied centralization happens due to direct intent to control and this is actually rarely the case.  Centralization generally happens because its just easier.
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:23:02
Because there are no shares being sold yet.  
Not sure why those bids are so high but no one has made a purchase at those prices.
@_date: 2015-03-20 17:13:00
lol, knew it :)
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:16:22
He is saying that the economy will be much more accurately measured through pricing of the bitcoin network.
P = O/S  
Price = Output/Supply
If the Supply of the currency remains almost perfectly constant and there isn't much movement of users into or out of the economy from other networks (currencies), then the Output of the economy, its productivity, will be the only major factor affecting the price of bitcoin.  So when we find more efficient and less labor intensive ways of solving problems, producing food, or making a product, the value of bitcoin will rise proportionally.  
So, rather than having a ridiculous measurement like GDP that tries to take a huge set of arbitrary values, imports/exports, prices that are not voluntarily determined (making them very poor measurements) and combining them all together to get this vague and largely worthless stat on economic health... we can use the pricing mechanism to tell us useful measurements regarding the living standards and buying power of those within the economy. And then subsequently estimate overall output based on the combination of billions of individual valuations.  And we can do this through a *very* simple extrapolation of the bitcoin price.  This would be done without having to sift through billions of tax documents, count how many cars we produced, or keep up with how many ships we sent to India.  Which is a daunting, expensive, and pointless task.
TL;DR  Basically money becomes a useful economic indicator again.
@_date: 2015-03-03 18:40:10
a 10 year old cannot go into a bank and open an account.  An adult can open one in their child's name.
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:48:23
The exact same thing must then apply in the reverse with inflation.  If there is steady inflation then that means the price of your products and assets go up.  So *obviously* in our economy with "deflationary assets" no one would ever sell their hard assets or products at all.  All they have to do is sit on them forever and get rich.  
The argument that there would be no investment or consumption in a stable money economy is the exact reverse argument that there would be no selling in an inflationary economy.  If one is true the other must be true too.  And both are completely ridiculous.  Which is why *keynesian* economics is such a joke.  
--- Btw when there is high savings is when businesses expand *the most.*  It brings interest rates down because it signals that consumers have amassed a large volume of savings that is steadily appreciating.  Which means consumers actually have *money to spend.*  And more importantly they are less likely to spend it impulsively on some frivolous or shiny thing if it's appreciating and was *earned first.*  They will only buy the best and most helpful products.  They are more likely to scrutinize and shop far more carefully.  That's when businesses roll out new products, take the time to make real improvements instead of just "this years model," invest heavily in market disrupting ideas, and solve as many consumer problems as possible to convince those consumers to part with their savings and actually experience some of that wealth.  
No one wants the money, they want what the money *buys.*
@_date: 2015-03-20 17:07:30
lol do you have a source for where all the *real* dollars are?  A paper dollar is simply a way of taking dollars off of an electronic bank ledger so it can be physically carried around.
New money is created by digitally adding it to a banks ledger as loans or by the Federal Reserve adding it to their accounts.  What evidence do you have that dollars come from somewhere else?
@_date: 2015-03-07 02:16:07
Yeah, but if the economy grows does it mean anything that you still have $10,000?  What percentage of that economy do you have saved?  
If the bitcoin economy becomes more productive my savings have a real relationship to that productivity and growth.  My dollar savings (which I also have of course) don't give me that feeling or security.  In fact, at times I look at it and think how much of that value will be taken from my purchasing power if I hodl those debt notes for the next 20 years.
Edit: *If inflation for the next 20 years equaled the previous 20 years then I would lose around 40% of that $10,000.*
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:56:19
Sheesh.  Did somebody piss in your cornflakes this morning? 
@_date: 2015-03-24 18:14:25
As far as i knew it was never available in the US.
@_date: 2016-05-21 14:15:05
That's entirely your bias.  Online betting is actually one of the few really solid use cases for Bitcoin currently and it's only because *you* hold a low opinion of it that you consider it "toxic."  
As far as opening to new payment methods I am still baffled as to why someone would care.  If I ran a business in the crypto space I would absolutely accept all the popular cryptocurrencies.  It makes no sense not too.  I actually want decentralized money to succeed.  I'm not bitter about what name it gets slapped with. 
Your view appears to be based on little more than a negative connotation for online gambling that you accepted from the list of common social beliefs rather than any knowledge or experience im sure.  And then the fact that he intends to add a payment option supporting the second most popular cryptocurrency.  Trying to spin two so completely arbitrary things as damaging and "toxic behavior" is pretty silly.
@_date: 2015-10-23 03:11:53
A product or service that actually exists is better than one that is still a good idea.  There are a million good ideas in the bitcoin space.  One of those ideas getting implemented and released is good news.
@_date: 2015-03-07 15:39:36
The money hasn't filtered very deeply into consumer prices but it's easy to see if you just look at stocks.  The QE is being dumped into the stock and bond markets which is why, when the private sector hasn't created but like 2 jobs in 8 years and the average American is in a massive debt hole, the stock market seems to be surging.  That *is* the inflation.  There are trillions of new dollars fighting for largely the same number of stocks.  So the prices jump up, just like housing did, and then politicians get to say, "look we fixed the economy!  See how much the stock and bond markets have risen?"  Unfortunately it's all just a sham and the profits being made in stocks are now are simply off set by the huge losses that will come with the next crash :(
Just like housing, or worse actually, the prices will crash and people will realize the prices were never real.
@_date: 2015-03-12 11:55:26
Oh wow.  I've watched this talk probably 10 times, saw it the first time shortly after it was posted online.  I had no idea this guy was with 21!  I didnt recognize the name.  Now I'm even more excited and I still have no idea what the hell they do. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 15:10:57
Lol I couldn't help but notice.  Guy claims its a pump and dump to get people to boost his investment... Immediately follows with "read about it and follow the discussion at my blog! 
Made me laugh :)
@_date: 2015-03-20 17:14:31
*facepalm* - ty
@_date: 2015-03-07 15:48:19
Savings is how you give currency value.  It's the anticipation of high savings and the desire to reap the benefit of that that encourages investors to actually build things and innovate.  If no one had any Bitcoin waiting to spend then why would anyone make multimillion dollar investments into projects that require consumer with money to spend?  High savings rates is also what creates naturally low interest rates, further encouraging long term projects and investment.  
So in fact, what I'm doing, saving for the future, is what will make Bitcoin worth real value and have a massive infrastructure in 5-10 years when I'm ready to spend it.  Without the many people saving their coins, there would be no incentive for this to occur and the price would reflect that by never rising.  
Savings is one of the most critical elements to true lasting economic growth.  Without it there is no way to estimate future demand.
@_date: 2016-05-21 14:18:13
Lol, if debate, differing of opinions, a few heavy arguments, new payment methods, and an online gambling business are considered horrible and toxic around here... We have seriously lost our perspective.
@_date: 2015-03-02 15:24:33
Most people saw that.  The time frame is what makes the prediction difficult though.  If you guessed the price would pull back and calm down for a while then you were basically in the same boat as everybody else.  But if you were asked *when* it would reach $260 and then turn around, your simple application of history would have been less than useless.  Which is exactly why every one of these predictions so badly misses the mark.  They most likely did the same "simple math" under different timeframes to get their answers.  


I'm sorry, but thinking you were the only one who could see such an obvious and endlessly discussed boom and bust price movement and then implying that the prediction should have been easy is pretty arrogant.  The time between busts has increased over 200% in comparison to your "I learned from history"assumptions.  The question was "What will the price be **in a year?**" It didn't ask *how* it would move.  So technically your "simple math" isn't even an answer to the question.  
Take your simple math and predict what the price will be *one year from today.*  This way we have a record and can all learn from your methods.
@_date: 2016-05-21 14:00:32
Pretty much my thoughts.  Not a shred of evidence given for increased excitement or attention from a particular market.  New services and/or products does not give insight into demand.  I'm not sure they know what "exploding" means.  
Nothing to see here except someone promoting their own product.
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:30:55
The vast majority of the supply will enter the network in the next 2 decades.  Afterward the amount mined gets so small as to have little to no measurable effect in regards to inflation of the currency.  
i.e.  There will be 5 more halvings by then.  Currently 25 new bitcoin per block, then 12.5, then 6.25, then 3.125, then 1.5625, then 0.78125 per block.  At that rate there will be only 41,000 (give or take) new btc every year, or about a .002% inflation rate.  For all intensive purposes, we can call that a stable monetary supply.
Clearly the line you quoted is technically incorrect.  But from a pricing standpoint it is a practical explanation that just leaves out the details.  I assume the author knows this and only makes this assumption based on the knowledge that in two decades more bitcoin will probably be lost by amnesia than will be newly mined onto the network.  Making the comment that all bitcoins will have been mined, though technically incorrect, is still useful for our purposes.
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:11:19
"Another multi-million dollar Bitcoin heist could be the nail in the coffin for the troubled cryptocurrency."
Lol opening line?  Really?  Not the countless other hacks that were far bigger when it had been around for shorter time, was far less user friendly and secure, had a laughably small infrastructure and number of services available, and was seen as a joke without any technological value at all?...  *This* hack is the nail in the coffin?  
*This one?* 
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:20:00
This makes zero sense.  


How the fuck can you be accused of this?  This is like being accused of eating a burger.  And what does him having a bitcoin website have to do with it?  Why is that even in the title?  
With the details presented this makes about as much sense as accusing a guy of making a sandwich for someone who later joins ISIS and writing an article about it titled: "Guy who Loves Fast Cars Gives Sustenance to ISIS Terrorist."
There could be more to the story, but this article is crap journalism and gives no useful information into whatever the hell actually happened.
@_date: 2015-03-16 22:11:33
More importantly OP is promoting a jewelry website to a massively male dominated community.  I find it very unlikely there will be much interest.  That being said I would really love to support you.  
For that I have referred my wife to your website to make a list that I will be posting here of all her favorite shit.  She already has an entire page of links...  I fear I have done a very bad thing.
@_date: 2015-03-11 11:31:10
Lol wut?  You don't really use technical analysis for investing you use it for trading.  
Charting trends and indicators, as I clearly stated, are no crystal ball as to the price movement.  But you would be an idiot to bet on a reversal without seeing them.  
The simplest indicator is just a basic trend line.  The longer the trend the more resistance it generally causes in the price.  If you take the weekly chart and draw a down trend line along the tops of the candles from the last bubble (which is the longest down trend you can draw) we are currently testing it around the $300 price range.  This is clearly not "rolling dice."  Because even using nothing else but trend lines there would have been no signals to make any buys (on the weekly) for the last few months.  
OP is talking about what the price might do in the short term, not wether or not Bitcoin is a good investment.  You shouldn't look at charts and MACD lines to make investment decisions.  You should look at the technology, infrastructure, and long term application.  Even a lay person would have known that we weren't talking about whether bitcoin was a good investment or not. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 13:59:35
Well of course it worked for the consumer.  That's exactly who benefits from the policy, but that doesn't mean there isn't a cost, or that it doesn't have unintended consequences elsewhere.  The biggest reason this probably worked so well for telecom services is because they work on a largely fixed cost basis.  There is *massive* overhead in getting the network setup and built but only a tiny cost in keeping it running.  That's why those ignorant articles get spread around everywhere that roaming charges have a "%1,000,000 Markup OMFG!!"  Well no shit, that's to cover costs of expanding the network not servicing a text message.  After one or two years very little difference would be noticed but eventually the cost of not getting those profits will be realized in likely two ways:
1. New companies will be less likely to enter the space, fewer networks will be running in competition.  The larger networks have already sunk the cost of building their towers and lines.  New companies either need to pay the prices to rent from incumbent infrastructure or set up their own.  They are far less likely to set up their own if their fee structures are controlled and their estimates of paying off the initial costs will take 10 years instead of 5.
2. Slowed/decreased expansion.  This is something that takes a long time to come to fruition due to how networks are funded and built.  But lower profit margins means less income coming in to either expand the network to more customers or expand services and bandwidth on the existing networks.  Not to mention fewer companies in the space also has the effect of slowing expansion and growth.  
Market pricing isn't arbitrary, you can't just say "this price forever or we will put you in prison cuz i hate my phone bill" and then expect to not have consequences.  Even if you don't feel them now in a few years you will wonder why the cell networks suck so bad (look at what happened in the US when they subsidized the big telecoms for billions to bring "broadband to everyone.").  And when that happens you will go back to the government to get them to put in more price controls or subsidize for better service because you remembered how well it worked years before.  Only to miss the fact that it's exactly what caused the problem in the first place.  
Source: I work for a telecom company, manage networks, and love economics.  Also not evil just because i work for EVIL BIG TELECOM COMPANY.
Edit: spelling and grammar
@_date: 2015-03-10 18:54:06
Very ture.  However 300 right now is hitting a very key resistance line (the year long down trend on weekly crosses at 300 right now) and we have pushed through the last 2-3 down trend lines without much trouble.  There is a good bit of momentum in the price right now.  
I'm inclined to think it will pull back for a bit but who the fuck knows.  It is still one of the best, and most stable, bullish trends we've had since the last bubble though.  That's something to smile about :)
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:03:02
Doesn't it feel good to tell someone else what a dumbass they are!?  Saying something so stupid doesn't even deserve an argument.  Just make sure they know how utterly stupid they are.  Fuck yeah!
@_date: 2015-03-07 04:35:06
Of course :)
@_date: 2015-03-02 19:48:38
Yeah, you cannot discount the significance of this.  Where as we can talk all day long about credit cards, debit cards, PayPal, western union, and wire transfers - this girl and all of her peers have literally *none* of these options.  In addition they would have to learn all of these systems and set up the accounts before ever using them.   Remember that setting up a debit card means going to a bank, sitting down with a bank representative, getting a breakdown of weird overdraft policies and fee charges, deciding what kind of account they need, giving them a bunch of information and filling out paperwork, and then waiting a few weeks for your card to come in the mail.  The barriers to Bitcoin aren't much to speak of in comparison and will only decrease as the system becomes more widely used.   And I think the young generations will have an easier time relating to an entirely electronic system that is under their control.
*Our* generation may die still using dollars (or *thinking* they are, wink), but in 10 years Im inclined to think the generations growing up today will be talking about how their parents are still stuck in the Double-0s with their plastic money and giving out their private keys to every store they shop at. 
@_date: 2015-03-08 02:29:29
Lol well clearly "2 jobs" was an exaggeration.  The point was to call attention to the fact that after 8 years the economy is still in bad shape.  And their unemployment numbers have gotten less and less accurate.  They no longer count people who have given up on finding a job and dropped from the workforce.  There is a lot more padding of numbers going on as well.  For instance that number might look pretty good except that I read very recently that the vast majority of available and new jobs in the market are part time and low paying.  
Simply put the economy is unhealthy and the continued growth in debt along with the faux rise in stock prices is very unsustainable.  And it's due to exactly the same reasons the housing bubble was doomed.
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:42:00
Knock on the door maybe?
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:10:20
Jesus.  It's clear there is a serious ignorance of both the Bitcoin system and economics in general when 2 of the common arguments against Bitcoin are "its too deflationary" and "it's too inflationary."
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:05:25
natural deflation due to a growing economy becoming more productive while money supply stays consistent is not only *not* harmful, it is desirable and healthy.  
Deflation caused by a massive credit expansion running out of steam and the subsequent deletion of the money supply as half of the countries debts are defaulted on is horrible for the economy.
The first results from a stable and predictable currency supply.  The latter results from manipulation of interest rates and a wildly fluctuating money supply due to printing and issuing debt without reserves.
Money that is easily controlled, corrupted, and manipulated is susceptible to sudden crash-like deflation in the monetary supply.  Stable and secure money is only susceptible to *price* deflation.  (unless of course someone earns 10% of the money supply, sits it in their living room and accidentally burns their house down)  Very hard to do with stable money, very *easy* to do with debt-based money.
@_date: 2015-03-21 10:49:28
So I just read the wikipedia article and literally nothing I said is in it aside from the equation itself. 
Apparently I'm being criticized by someone who *did not* even *read* the wikipedia article.  And who doesn't even have an argument or refutation, just a snarky comment implying they are better than someone else.
@_date: 2015-02-04 21:25:29
Well that's exactly what the law enforcers, legislators, and prosecutors do.  They find some random line that doesn't mean shit and turn it into their means of putting innocent, non-violent people in cages, destroying countless lives, ripping apart families, controlling economic winners and losers, confiscating billions of dollars, suing one company for the benefit of another, and exerting their arbitrary control whenever and wherever possible.  
If we don't do it now, it will eventually be done *to* us.
@_date: 2015-03-07 04:38:54
Eh, I think fiat and debt based money will be taking such a hit that gold and Bitcoin will have plenty of new market to make gains at the same time. I doubt gold will look "hurt" even though cryptocurrency could take a piece of the market.
@_date: 2015-02-01 20:53:16
I totally understand that argument and it is true to some extent, especially considering today's situation.  But if there is an "underground black market" it will likely be decentralized and anonymous (or at least private - I think the online reputation/identity problem will be solved in the next year or two).  And if this is the case, what is to stop the same businesses that don't accept these "black market coins" in a public way from setting up an online shop that can safely and privately conduct business without worrying about approved addresses?  
Undoubtedly, (especially considering how much advancement is being pushed towards reputation and multi-sig security in the darknet markets) these markets will only get bigger and bigger.  And the Internet shopping world overall certainly isn't shrinking.  It just makes perfect sense to me that the agorist market transition is far far more likely to occur.  Hell, most of the technology needed to make it happen is already here.  The market simply needs to find a standard and the tech needs to be integrated and made user-friendly.  In fact, due to the very nature of what you describe, having a private non-approved address will be far *easier* and *cheaper* than going through the government approval and validation process.  Why wouldn't it be used?
ANALOGY:  If there is both a government approved Amazon market where you have to get a license; list, pay taxes, and account for every transaction; pay fees for "approved" addresses and for each sale; use a financial spying clearing-house (that would undoubtedly have fees); and comply to all anti-money laundering, KYC, anti-terrorism, and "you will be prosecuted if your customer commits a crime" laws and policies...  BUT there is also a decentralized, private, fraud-free, reputation based, no middle man, no fees, active and open Bazaar (wink, wink) where you can use whatever address you want and all it takes is copy/pasting your Amazon listings to the site and you are up and running.... Why *wouldnt* they sell their products on both platforms?
In-person markets? Yes, I agree that could happen.  Online?  Only if encryption gets un-invented. Which seems unlikely ;)
I don't see the value of the coins being *vastly* different.  Actually the *possibility* could exist that the darknet coins could one day be worth *more* if whitelist coins were boycotted.  There will inevitably be services and products in the darknets that are impossible or wholly outlawed in the public markets.  With current growth online plus the inevitable increase of government restrictions and barriers to entry, it may very well be that the worldwide black market in the future finds itself larger than the "government approved" alternative.  The darknet has power too, and the coin boycott could go both ways.  
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:12:25
Eh... That would be writing a poem about Bitpay or coinbase.  
Writing a poem about bitcoin is more akin to writing one for Linux or the Internet.  Not nearly as weird, but still might make you cringe.
@_date: 2015-02-13 23:21:33
If you are loaning money that didn't exist before then yeah it certainly is.
@_date: 2015-02-07 21:05:22
[Hundredth Monkey](
Never heard this, mostly just an interesting story about tipping points in the spread of social information.  TIL :)
@_date: 2015-02-06 22:06:04
This poem is a little cringe worthy.  Claiming that Bitcoin is a cult because someone wrote a weird poem about it is pretty cringe worthy too.  If I wrote a poem about html would that make it a cult?  What about TCP/IP?  Would you stop using them because I wrote a poem about it?  Honestly, calling bitcoin a cult or a ponzi scheme shows just as much stubborn ignorance as thinking its an infallible spiritual being that will bring liberty to us all.
It is an internet protocol for transfer of digital assets ranging from arbitrarily defined points to complex financial contracts.  But that's it.  Doesn't have super powers, isn't infallible or flawless, it isn't a ponzi scheme, and it isn't a cult.  
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:31:45
Gyft.com or egifter.com.  Get a gift card and go watch a movie or do some target shopping.  You can do it all from your phone and they just scan the barcode on your screen at checkout.  It's really fast and you can spend it at a ton of places.  My wife and I go out for a "Bitcoin night" every once in a while where we just blow a bunch of coin to watch a movie, get some food and ice cream, and then go shopping for something we've been wanting but never buy when we're in the store.  
It's not right in front of you.  But if your willing to do a little searching, you can spend Bitcoin all over the place if you know how.
Edit: not to mention you get a discount :D
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:34:47
So the point of government is to do bad things so that we dont have to?  I thought we wanted a society where no one did bad things.  Not a society where only a certain group of powerful people had the authority to do bad things for whatever reason they deemed *necessary?*
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:33:18
I don't see how it "flies in the face of quantity theory of money."  Its actually based on it.  The Supply in the equation is referring to the number of units of currency.  The quantity theory just refers to how the number of units (and its change) effects the price of each individual unit.  
There are 2 parts of the Equation of Exchange which don't make applicable sense.  
This is the equation:   MV = PT
 M is total money.  V is velocity of money.  P is Price level. T is total transactions.  Lets break this down.
First V or velocity can only be expressed in terms of other variables.  Its E/M or Total Expenditures divided by Total Money.  We also have the definition that E=PT.  Well if that's the case then MV = PT can be rewritten as ME/M = PT.  Which is broken down back to E=PT.  So the entire left side of Fischer's equation is superfluous and the variables don't actually tell us anything new.  The entire variable of velocity is pointless and cant even change independently of the other variables.  Its like multiplying the distance you traveled by your speed (distance over time) and then saying you have a new piece of information.
Next, we have the Price Level which makes just as little sense.  You simply cant add together the prices of TVs and chickens and then divide by the number of units and say you have some useful measurement.  The unit number is arbitrary.  On what common basis do we compare TVs and chickens?  The whole equation is more a pointless statement than a way to get anymore information out of your inputs.  Its the equivalent of saying 500 = 500.  It just doesn't tell us anything new or useful.
Now to be fair, the article's equation is not very different. It cannot be used literally in any real example.  It completely ignores very important factors.  But I don't think the author meant it to be taken literally as if we could make the actual calculation.  I think it was meant to demonstrate a loose relationship between the variables.  And in a broad sense, the increased value of a stable monetary unit within a closed economy (not possible but necessary for the example) does in fact tell us that there has been an increase in goods and services available in the economy while lowering (or keeping constant) the inputs needed to produce them. It means the same amount of labor can produce more and is an indicator of economic growth.  One that is *certainly* more reliable and accurate than GDP or the "equation of exchange."
I think that was the only point of the article.
TL;DR The Equation of Exchange doesn't give us any better economic insight than does GDP.  GDP is a very complicated and arbitrary measurement.  The natural price of a monetary unit in relation to the whole network tells us far more about an economy than either GDP or the Equation of Exchange ever could.
@_date: 2016-07-09 18:08:26
The "free of charge" statement is the only one that is truly inaccurate.  The others are simply the easiest ways to visualize what is happening.  
People don't need or want to know that when you search on google you are routing through 8 different hubs and servers to get there or the different protocols being used to accomplish the task. For the same reason, a user doesn't need to know that what is showing up in their wallet is the "permission to adjust balances on a decentralized ledger stored on thousands of other computers and not actually 'receiving' Bitcoin."  When the wallet tells them they have "received a payment" then that's all they need to know.  Your high horse on the matter is not very useful.
@_date: 2015-02-12 16:16:43
"Lame Internet video game" happens to be the most popular video game in the world.   
@_date: 2015-03-24 16:56:28
I disagree.  The idea is to make it useful and integrate it with the systems we have already available.  The last thing we should want is a network that's completely isolated.  It likely wouldn't catch on at all or would at least see a drastically slower growth if we had to wait for everyone to directly accept bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 21:00:24
Actually it's because he is *not* an idiot.  If you have a habit of signing up for things you've never heard of because you received an email or tweet telling you that there is free money on the other side, then you need to drastically reevaluate your online security practices.
Edit: There is a Nigerian Prince I can put you in touch with if you are interested though.  
@_date: 2016-07-30 21:53:00
Lol someone doesn't even bother to look at how drastic the *decline* in murder is.  And that's a completely global trend.  He literally look at *nothing* as far as evidence or data in adopting that opinion... Well maybe he watched the news.
@_date: 2015-02-19 22:31:52
Looks lie you have to update the script to accept it.  However all they showed on their website was adding a single line that was basically data-Bitcoin ="true"
Edit: looks like you add this to the script for your checkout button and it is activated.  I got this from a short video on the website so this isn't so wing I have tried or seen in person.
@_date: 2016-07-03 15:31:11
Except that murder is immoral and violent.  Are you equating someone smoking weed and watching a movie to hiring a hit man?
@_date: 2015-02-21 22:05:45
PNC Bank hasn't ever given me the slightest problem.  I have a recurring order that goes through every week and have bought and sold single transactions into the thousands and never even gotten a phonecall or letter asking about it.  
Not sure if I'm an outlier or what, but PNC has been a good bank IMO.
Edit: Knock on wood.
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:39:46
If someone has a search warrant for my house over possible compliance and/or whatever passive white-collar crime he is accused of (I'm doubting its mass murder or gang rape), I *really* hope they kick in my door, slam me to the ground, remove me from my house and take all my shit.  *Clearly* if I'm not fully complying with AML/KYC or whatever I'm also likely to mow down 20 or 30 police officers with my AK.  Better safe than sorry.  /s
@_date: 2016-07-30 04:00:00
I agree with your original sentiment but... 


Yes... Yes you do.  In fact, it is what made you get defensive and respond to the comment and suggest that this place (where you are posting) is "beneath" you.  And *my* ego is what made me come in here to show how smart and insightful I am in proving that you *do* have an ego.  
Not to be nitpicking because I don't really have an issue with Coinbase either.  But *everyone* has an ego. 
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:06:18
But I'm constantly told that it is *voting* that ensures good service and progress.  How are we seeing change or added features if I'm not voting for the CEO of these companies every 4 years?
@_date: 2016-07-02 20:59:08
"Drug empire" also known as a "website."
@_date: 2015-02-15 02:28:40
Ok, I just read the whole thing wondering why we are referring to Freidman as a jackass.  Am I missing a joke here?  Sounds like over the past 30 or so years Chile has opened up its borders, ended trade tariffs and unnecessary restrictions and become one of the most economically free countries according to the "Economic Freedom Index," and that this has resulted in steady growth that has continued for 2 decades and has been successful at creating a large decrease in Chilean poverty.
I'm seriously looking for some terrible policy that did some bad shit without much luck.  Not to mention that it only says he made proposals and/or gave advice.  Doesn't look like he was ever "in charge" as you suggest.  If I'm missing something then please let me know because I really am not getting your comment. 
Edit: I'm assuming sarcasm btw but without the /s I never feel safe making the assumption.
@_date: 2016-07-02 20:58:33
Is the law your barometer for what is right and wrong?
@_date: 2013-08-06 01:50:49
The novelty of bitcoin is that its a system of accounting that uses a unit of account that cannot be faked.  When a bank, government, or institution does its accounting it can make mistakes, create money that doesn't exist, and move money into locations and accounts where they were never truly located or belonged.  
Bitcoin is a system that uses a vast network of computers to make these practices impossible.  You cannot fake a bitcoin, you cannot change the address history of a bitcoin, and there are no mistakes.
This set of characteristics make it a much more reliable ledger than any from the above mentioned organizations.  In the end it is just a bunch of numbers, not unlike those of a bank or government.  Except that bitcoin's numbers are not arbitrary.  They are secure, provable, and independent agreements of value determined by voluntary transactions between individuals.  
TL;DR  Imagine taking the scarcity and security of gold, the portability of digital files, the reach of an instantaneous global payment system, and an encrypted communications protocol, and then putting them all together into one free and open-source piece of computer software.   *That* is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-07 21:13:51
I dare you to read one of the listed texts and actually prove it wrong or give a argument.  could end up having a good debate.  But, anyone can say "you're hilarious" and simply avoid an argument that challenges the way they think of the world.  
@_date: 2013-11-22 04:07:10
@_date: 2013-10-08 10:38:39
Don't care about the drugs.  I believe state violence to be one of the greatest evils of human society and to see it end by peaceful, technological obsolescence would make me cry with happiness.    Only ever smoked weed, but haven't done that for 5 months.  Though those are probably wasted characters attempting to prove anything to you.   I'm sure you will independently decide which drugs i use and how often. :)
@_date: 2016-07-17 15:51:10
Well because it is stealing and in direct violation of a contractual obligation. 
It has only become legal because they have used government to alter the contract with their customers.  Let's say I gave my neighbor $500 to keep safe for me under a contract that said under any circumstance he is in care, custody, and control of what is my belongings and will return it in full.  Then he gambled all his money away and haircuts $250 from my account. 
Only then do I find out the contract has now changed and states that any money I leave with his establishment has been "loaned" to him and I am suddenly a partial owner who happens to be completely devoid of any voting or decision making power.  By this altered contract, of which I wasn't even informed I become liable for any losses taken on by how institution and he has no obligation whatsoever to return any of the money.
It's theft, it's breaking of contract, it's grossly arrogant, and it's collusion.  It is the epitome of how corrupt and immoral the banking and governmental partnerships have become around the world.  
What should actually happen: 
The *reality* is that the bank should be liquidated and have all of its assets sold off and the *only people* who should get anything are the depositors.  They will still get a haircut in this situation, except the shareholders, investors, managers, owners, and everyone else would get nothing. Due to the failure being their fault.  And the persons under the highest responsibility would go to jail.  And the bank should no longer exist.  A **bail-in** makes it so that the bank pays for *none* of its mistakes and the depositors are completely on the line for their idiocy.  And the bank stays right there, incentivized to continue its corrupt parasitic existence.
@_date: 2016-07-08 05:15:43


This sequence of declarations has so many contradictions that I don't know where to start.  
First, miners don't *charge* fees.  They accept the highest fees into their blocks.  Meaning that if fees increase, it is *only* because there are transactions to *choose* from.  Or users are *competing* to get theirs included.  So there are low fee and high fee transactions and they have ignored the ones with low fees due to running out of block space after accepting the ones with higher fees.
Second, if transaction volume is *low* then they will accept whatever fee they can get since their mined coins are only valuable because they are confirming transactions.  $2 in fees is better than nothing.  Whatever the largest amount of fees they can accumulate, no matter how small that amount may be, is what they will include in a block.  There is literally no situation in which miners can "charge" fees or that "high fees means few transactions" that makes even a modicum of sense.
Third, lightning network will do the *exact opposite* for the network in regards to fees.  By making each on-chain transaction the conglomeration of thousands of *off-chain* transactions, users/channel holders can pay far more in fees and still pull a profit.  It would have the effect of lowering individual transaction fees, while *significantly* raising the final fee for the on-chain channel close out.  (Basically splitting a very large fee over hundreds small transactions)
The utter and fundamental misunderstanding of the most basic incentives for Bitcoin transactions both on and off the main blockchain makes this comment one of the most painfully ignorant I have read in opposition to 1mb blocks.  You have only further cemented my support for keeping small blocks with second layer solutions to increase capacity.
@_date: 2013-08-06 15:12:18
You are pretty much correct.  One thing you must remember though is that the economy is nothing but a massive balancing act that happens through countless transactions for a practically endless number of purposes.  Prices will always adjust to find equilibrium and people (the markets) will adapt to a shift from debt to savings.  
Like you suggested, there will be fewer pointless new models and more real innovations.  Then however you claim there would be less "consumer growth."  There is a major flaw in that thinking. Consumer growth is not the growth you want if it amounts to little more than a bunch onf extra models between real improvements.  Moving money around faster (no matter how many journalists will tell you) does not help the economy.  If just keeps everyone busy on wasteful tasks.
You say the laptops would be more expensive, but I disagree.  If everyone wants to hold on to their coins because their value is rising, then everything is going to be sold at a discount.  The merchants want those coins too, and if they expect them to rise, then selling more today at lower prices is beneficial.  This is not to mention that they would be twice as efficient to ensure they weren't wasting coins in the process.
Listen to Tom Woods' latest podcast "Austrian Economics in the Present Crisis."  He actually gave a pretty decent explanation of this during the last 15 minutes and the entire talk is pretty good.  Deflation is a natural savings incentive.  Savings is good for the economy and happens to be the only way to fund sustainable growth.  Debt growth will always put us into a situation similar to where the US finds itself right now.  It still amazes me how many people think deflation and savings are bad for the economy, when inflation and debt destroy another economy every year.  
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:05:18
I use Coinbase all the time and its usually a 4 day wait, give or take.  I don't quite see the issue.  I mean yeah that's a little bothersome but your still getting it at the price you purchased.  They are trading a reversible payment with a non-reversible payment.  It makes sense that there is some lag time.  
But how does this constitute the most annoying thing you've ever had to deal with?  It was really easy for me.  I made an account, put in my bank info, purchased bitcoin, and then waited a few days.  Didn't seem complex to me, just slow.   
Honestly I think you should relax a little bit.  If you want everything to be instant and perfect you are going to have to wait a few years.  Bitcoin is extremely young.  If you have no intention of learning anything new, then you probably shouldn't involve yourself just yet.
@_date: 2013-05-19 02:43:11


-You are not stupid, you should see the contradiction here.  This analogy is lazy.  In *your* example, *I* have given *you* the freedom to disagree (which you gladly accepted) and yet you have refused me the same right.  And then rather than coming to any agreement, you just barged in and claimed use of my car and house and occupied both, despite your beliefs that neither ownership nor occupation of places or objects exists.  Libertarianism is about *cooperating* not doing whatever you want. 
Your analogy is not libertarianism, its dumb and it would probably get you punched in the face.  Everyone occupies space and claims air and resources.  Without this ownership there are no incentives for life to thrive.  You can believe whatever you want but you must practice ownership no matter your belief.  You must claim the air you breath for your time and use and refuse others use of that same air in order to be alive.  Ownership is an inherent consequence of being.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:53:21
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:49:22
its the second link down in the credits.  i made it so you can just click straight to it.  Its a visualization of the Bitcoin code development process.  Its really cool.
@_date: 2013-01-21 18:47:39
Same thing happened to me, it's really frustrating.  Out of the blue it just decides that it doesn't want to work anymore.  I'm just happy I only moved 0.1 btc to my electrum wallet for testing.  Not worth the painful task of figuring out how to restore the wallet somewhere else.
@_date: 2013-02-21 13:28:25
I certainly hope so.  And I'm betting a lot of money on just the possibility.  Worth losing it if there is even a sliver of a chance.   Monetary freedom and the Internet revolution would dwarf the American Revolution, the printing press, the automobile, and everything before it.  I honestly cant think of anything that would have a greater impact and benefit to human life than removing the ability to steal value through printing money.  It's the absolute dominant form of slavery in the world and has been for thousands of years.  And the slave owners have spent countless printed dollars on schools, campaigns, policies, and laws that have convinced much of the world that its good to give one person monopoly control over money.  Go figure.
But the curtain will fall away as bitcoin grows.  It will prove to people that inflation is unhealthy, they will see and feel the difference.  While one money is destroyed by the agendas and greed of a few people in fancy suits, bitcoin will grow and expand while it's value gradually rises.  Paying everyone who owns bitcoin small increments of value that the entire community creates and produces.  People will see that it is real production and revolutionary ideas that grow an economy, not a cancerous theft that encourages people to dump their savings in the face of having their hard work stolen from them. 
@_date: 2013-02-01 16:55:49
It gives it however much value people find in it.  
To a person who would like to buy marijuana online or horribly distrusts the government and banking system then probably a lot of value, considering there is literally no alternative.  
To someone who thinks the banking and financial system is in great shape, trusts others with their money, and will blindly follow every new law passed by a politician, then probably none at all.
@_date: 2015-02-24 20:03:39


So he had a gang of armed men bust into his house, had his hands tied together, was forcibly removed from his home, and had his property stolen.  This is all done without charging him with any wrongdoing whatsoever and without enough to arrest him after the fact.  This is otherwise known as **robbery and kidnapping.**
@_date: 2013-07-04 13:53:44
omg I would sh*t myself if I could buy bitcoin again for $5!!!
@_date: 2013-07-07 16:53:12
IMO, there is no need to worry about this because of Bitcoin's nature.  Here's why:
First, it is always good to get more people interested in bitcoin because it puts more minds thinking about, working with, and improving the open source bitcoin system.  Keep in mind, that the person who figures out the next major use or feature of bitcoin and/or solves our biggest problems could very well have not heard of bitcoin yet.
Second, if it can't expand and accommodate a certain size economy then it wont.  New adopters will get frustrated with downloads and wait times and users will begin to drop off.  Then as the improvements come and/or the network balances back out, more people will return realizing the staying power of the protocol.  The bitcoin network isn't going to just disappear because things are getting rough.  The protocol is a brilliant foundation for an economy but now the economy has to be built.  This doesn't happen without stresses or fluctuations and it could take a very long time. Plus, Youtube videos, and facebook posts wont get 30 million bitcoin adopters by "tomorrow."  It took 11 years for Wikipedia to put Encyclopedia Britannica out of business.   Set of Encyclopedias = **$1,400**   Wikipedia = **Free.**
Third, don't forget that this is also a process of education.  Bitcoin is not something you just read a few sentences about and fully grasp.  It would prob take a few months just to explain to people how and why it works, and most would probably disagree with you.  
Fourth, There are many ways to solve the blockchain problem.  Pruning the blockchain, the variety of clients both light and full, combining micropayments into fewer escrow transactions, as well as others are all methods being developed and looked at as ways to solve this issue and I think it would be beneficial to have more minds working on it *and* more wealth at stake.  
Lastly, The bitcoin economy will be very broad.  There are entire industries and subsets of the bitcoin system that haven't been discovered or even attempted yet.  There will be individuals and companies that specialize in bitcoin contracts, in exchanges, in mining, in automated escrow, in private chains, in colored coins, in pruning the chain, in building one-in-all portable connection nodes for areas without internet, and in anything and everything that you can use the bitcoin system for... which is a hell of a lot of stuff.  
I think the community does a fairly good job at keeping a discussion going about the problems bitcoin faces.  It could always be improved of course, but I just don't see mass overnight adoption as something to put too much worry on.  
**TL;DR** *Don't worry about it.  The blockchain size may be a problem in the future, but telling people about bitcoin wont get a young, difficult to understand, incredibly volatile, experimental, open source, cryptographic digital currency widespread adoption overnight.  The attention and the additional minds on bitcoin could be more valuable to us at this stage.*
@_date: 2013-11-04 14:52:26
It is certainly an interesting theory but the incentives don't add up.  If the miners are "selfish" then why on earth would they mine with an attacker when it would inevitably cause the price of bitcoin to crash hard.  That "2 billion market cap" would be a thousandth of that in a very short order.  Then who cares how many blocks they are getting when they cant sell the coins?
Not to mention that the honest miners would still be receiving more blocks.  Meaning the attackers "pool" would still be a loss in revenue without even considering a price move.  In the end the security of the Bitcoin network is predicated around the simple fact that attacking the network to a degree that you could double-spend would destroy the value of the coins themselves.  Good luck making money from that. 
@_date: 2013-05-20 00:57:16
lol, oh sorry.  I just read the question while i was on my lunch break thinking someone was actually wanting it answered :)
Just got home to realize it was what you were discussing in your podcast.  Nice cast btw, sorry for not being very thorough with the reading, lol.
@_date: 2013-07-12 14:05:55
This part made me laugh.  I feel bad, but I think he may be one day pay for that trust.
@_date: 2013-04-20 03:35:23
One does not have to be "harsh" to be honest. I assumed this was her expecting criticism and politely asking for it to be constructive rather than mean.  Feedback can always be given without being hurtful. :)
@_date: 2013-04-29 15:19:09
You may be misunderstanding what causes a vast majority of depressions.  For instance the Great Depression was caused by a credit crisis, similar to the one we are experiencing today.  These result in debt being liquidated which makes money vanish from the supply.  The government generally prints money, puts in price controls, and institutes thousands of new laws in response.  All of these methods just make the problem worse however, seeing as how they all manipulate and distort prices.  Resulting in the economy not knowing the true price of commodities and having little to no hard information about what to produce, how much to produce, and when to produce it (all of this is determined by real price information)
Depressions and recessions are very rarely market phenomenon (all markets move in waves of course, I'm talking serious corrections here).  These are generally a result of central economic planning and/or creating laws that allow banks or another institution the right to print money or create debt from nothing.  
So what will happen to bitcoin if the US has a debt or currency crisis in which millions get laid off and the economy makes a massive contraction?  Nothing at all.  No more than when Japan when through their inflationary crisis and everyone in the US didn't even notice.  Your example was a natural disaster that causes nationwide production issues... This doesn't really happen.  The media loves to focus on disasters when the economy is doing terrible because they don't know where else to point, but hurricanes don't cause economic depressions.  We didn't have a 2 week toilet paper shortage in the early 70s because there were no machines to produce it.  We had a shortage because the prices of its supplies were being controlled and it was no longer profitable to produce at the dictated prices.  The false price was telling producers that no one needed or wanted toilet paper.  Therefore the machines were simply cut off, and people used paper towels for a few days.
The bitcoin economy cannot have prices dictated, bitcoin cannot be printed, and bitcoin cannot be loaned out at greater amounts than actually exist.  That means that any credit crisis in dollars will be totally invisible from within the bitcoin economy.  In fact it will likely make the bitcoin economy vastly MORE productive because people won't sell their toilet paper for dollars but they will start accepting bitcoin and other alternatives where they can receive the actual market price for their work.  Just like currency crises are not felt outside the limits of the currency, and debt crises are not felt outside of the reach of the poisoned financial markets, bitcoin will go largely unaffected by any major economic problems.
TL;DR ---- nearly all major economic depressions/recessions are caused by horrible monetary policy, government dictated financial monopolies, and price controls.    The bitcoin economy, based on the nature of the protocol, will likely be unaffected by these issues and therefore will not feel their effects.  Also, I don't know of a single case in which a natural disaster alone caused massive economic contraction.
@_date: 2013-09-02 18:47:34
Exactly.  Monopoly by force is what anarchists likely disagree with.  (At least its why im anarchist) Voting in and of itself has little to nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2013-09-15 21:07:43
Whenever I have extra money, and at whatever price they are available at.  That being said, every bitcoin I've ever purchased has made a profit.  
@_date: 2013-07-25 15:23:01
Multiple times recently I've found comments that say something along the lines of "oh yeah downvote me because I disagree with bitcoin evangelists on..."
but then the comment has a bunch of upvotes... which is cool i guess, but also a little pretentious. 
Good in the sense that the bitcoin community appreciates unbiased criticism even when it stings a little.  But pretentious in that so many people assume the community is necessarily full of evangelical and narrow-minded children, and believe themselves to be better.
Maybe this is just an assumption on my part.  But I thought I'd throw in my 2 microbits.
@_date: 2013-02-03 22:06:13
Proof that bitcoin has real value.  It is a means to an end that cannot be achieved any other way.  That's exactly what we want, people using bitcoin for what makes it revolutionary, not just because they love it.
@_date: 2013-11-11 21:37:32
I've been using this since i saw its debut on reddit.  Absolutely fantastic for checking out the entire market.
@_date: 2013-09-17 12:12:21
That sounds great but they still have to deliver.  Call me crazy but my skepticism levels have skyrocketed thanks to BFL.  I guess in the end this is a healthy development, so I cant really complain.  As far as KnCMiner, we will have to wait and see.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:36:54
Does it show any outgoing transactions from the address equal to the balance?  Or does it just say 0.0 btc and have no transactions listed?
@_date: 2013-01-26 01:00:34
Bitcoin is more secure from the hands of government than any other alternative.  They may be able to require that you give up a password, but if they don't know which keys are yours then what good does it do them?  The bitcoin user still has the option of having a hidden, anonymous account if he/she so chooses.  This is literally impossible under any current alternative system.   Especially if you consider the versatility of bitcoin as an electronic unit.  You can't send cash over the Internet.
You are right that it could be made illegal, but i dont think it changes much in the grand scheme.  Bitcoin is already used for illegal purposes so legality doesnt seem to be the average bitcoin users top priority, and in addition it's a global currency.  It doesn't have the arbitrary borders of government, making a majority of the bitcoin network out of every individual governments jurisdiction.  I don't know if bitcoin is completely out of governments reach, but making it illegal would do little more than slow its growth, but the world black market (valued at several trillions of dollars) won't care.  How do i know this?  Because they already don't care, and are already breaking the law.  If the government drew attention to bitcoin as a threat to their economic monopoly powers, a lot of people would suddenly become very very interested in it. 
@_date: 2013-08-01 20:16:47
Im sorry to disagree with you but i see creating a massive monopoly organziation of rich people with the authority to legally steal from anyone and everyone in order to keep rich people "in check" as extremely counterproductive.  
Do you somehow not see that every regulatory agency ends up being run by some previous CEO of a company from within the very industry they are regulating?  And where are we really going to find these angels to take this incredible monopoly power we just created in your example in order to fix everything for us?  I dont trust anyone enough to give them the power to steal from me when they want to.  I wouldnt even give my parents that power and they love me and know me incredibly well.  
What really bothers me about this concept is that you think its entirely acceptable to enforce the authority to steal from *me* in order to fund *your* plan to stop rich people.  Yet all I see is that I'm being forced to do business with the people you claim to be saving me from, and any kind of disagreement or failure to pay results in being fined, caged, or killed.  Why do you think that this horrible violence is what is needed to *solve* the world's problems?  
Why does your only method of securing "freedom" involve threats of death and imprisonment and the complete destruction of the freedom to choose an alternative?  Can you really see zero connection between this idea and every tyrant that has ever ruled a society?  What if someone less than angelic is in charge of your system?  Can you truly be that naive?
Bitcoin is a tool for individual choice.  If you somehow think that this is a bad thing, then your priorities need some serious readjustment.  You need to ask yourself, what if you were in charge?  What if you forced everyone to back your regulatory regime, you imprisoned everyone who disagreed or attempted to defy you?  (or in other words, broke the new laws that you are sure will fix everything) What if it didn't work like you thought?   When was the last time *anything* worked like you thought?  After the deaths, the destroyed lives, the theft, and the suffering... would you still think of yourself as a good person because you had good intentions and you thought that your ideas would save us all?   
@_date: 2016-07-08 12:12:23
Hence, the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2013-10-12 00:32:13


HAHAHhahaha, omg, sniff, Ha ha hahahahaHAHAHA.  He called mining "free money."  Clearly he's *never* tried.
@_date: 2013-05-19 02:58:51
Well glad to know that its perfectly acceptable to violently force your beliefs on others as long as more people agree with you.  No tyrants in this house ;)
By the way, what happens when 80% of the population believes they should have the right to make the other 20% slaves?  All you have to do to be Hitler is make 80% of the population think you have good reasons for doing whatever it is you want to do. Moral standing irrelevant, individual rights mute because there's a bunch of us and few of them.
You should know that presenting a list of people or countries who support or behave a certain way is not any kind of argument to a person who thinks that by nature the majority doesn't have the right to force what it believes.  Clearly I don't just trust others' opinions and would rather understand it myself.  Neither your claim of what "libertarianism is based on..." nor your list of countries who "do just fine" or do this certain thing provides any support for your argument when talking to someone who already disagrees with the majority.
@_date: 2013-11-05 00:48:34
Also realized i had not yet donated... took care of that though.
@_date: 2013-05-10 00:38:00
People on r/nsfw aren't constantly posting about r/AdviceAnimals.  r/anarcho-capitalism has a great many posts about bitcoin however.
Like it or not bitcoin and freedom are very related because its a technology that allows it no matter the political belief of those who use it.  Therefore, it makes sense that the subreddits that most often discuss bitcoin, and are the most popular among the bitcoin community, are on the sidebar.
@_date: 2013-06-03 17:07:47
This sounds like something I should care about, but clearly we do not speak the same language.
@_date: 2013-04-23 16:58:06
What would happen if all Apple computers and mobile devices stopped working at the same time?  ;)
@_date: 2013-04-27 23:39:43
market price.
@_date: 2013-09-19 21:49:37
Is it not sad that everyone's first reaction to this was that it was "illegal" for no other reason than it was "competition for the government?"  All they have to hear is that it cant be confiscated, it cant be inflated, and you can transport it internationally and immediately they all think "illegal."  Not because its immoral or wrong, even admitting that its a technological marvel, but only because it gives the power of money back to the owner.  
Therefore it must be illegal... there is something terribly wrong with this country.
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:33:43
Where the hell are all the evil banks that are buying bitcoin and screwing everyone?
@_date: 2013-09-13 17:43:26
For all the technologies that I consider truly revolutionary and paradigm shifting, none of them fit very well in the "main stream," if you will.  I don't expect any of them to show up in the regular media-sphere as being the revolutions that they are for a long time.
Example: I picked up a *Popular Science* magazine the other day because the cover story was "15 technologies that will change everything" or some similar ridiculousness.  Scanning through the article, I found a bunch of advertisements for the big car companies next electric vehicles, another major corporations plans for a better power grid, and so on.  A bunch of shinier and neater versions of the same old, same old.  
The real technologies that change the world don't generally start with big, entrenched, and subsidized companies.  They instead tend to threaten to make obsolete everything that those companies hold dear.  This is why the main stream will never truly "see" 3D printing, bitcoin, mesh nets [or just a truly decentralized internet infrastructure], and other extraordinary new systems/technologies as revolutionary, until they have already revolutionized everything.  
To be revolutionary, to truly change things, it must be a technology or system that changes the way people think.  Therefore, by its very nature, it will be passed over or dismissed as unrealistic by the average person.
@_date: 2013-10-02 12:42:44
Money enables efficient, peaceful trade.  It is the most useful tool ever created by humanity.  The love of a perfectly fair, open, and equal money that is designed to be incorruptible is not inherently *unhealthy* because of a well known quote that says money is evil.
The evils of money have almost unanimously resulted from monopoly power.  It is not an inherent characteristic of money, in fact you could easily argue that money is one of the most important foundations of society in general.  Just because it has historically been horribly corrupted and used for tyranny does not make it inherently bad.  I could make the same argument for knives, hammers, or robots.  All have been used for very evil purposes and to murder or control a great number of individuals.  This does not necessitate that it must therefore be *unhealthy* to be fascinated by a new computer or a set of steak knives.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:14:51
Hey my first tip!  You have brightened my day sir :D
@_date: 2013-08-01 20:42:58
Deflationary currencies promote savings.  You may call it "hoarding," or "speculation," or whatever but in the end these are simply subjective words used to create a negative association.  The important practical definition is that money is slowly accumulated rather than immediately spent and the value isnt lost (or could possibly increase) during a span of time.  This is **not** a negative thing, in fact historically has been the *only* way the poor are ever lifted from poverty.  
The rich people in our society today are not rich because of hoarding.  They are rich because they are always the very first to receive the new money when the currency is inflated.  Its completely inevitable that the rich are the first to take advantage of newly created money whether it be newly printed or loaned money.  If its printed then its likely to be sunk into stocks, bonds, commodities and so on.  All of which rise in price, benefitting those with the most money to leave invested in paper assets.  Hence our gigantic, unproductive financial sector.  Then these same price increases make food more expensive at the store because commodities rise in price.  Orange juice goes up 15 cent, chocolate goes up 10%  hurting everyone who buys for consumption (aka the poor).  The poor then dont have as much to put into savings, and its value its slowly decreasing, therefore again, making the poor poorer and the rich richer.  Hence the large number of growing impovershed in this country.  
The system you are supporting is exactly the system we have in place.  The largest money spender in the USA is by multiple magnitudes the US government.  It is unequivocably the most powerful institution in our country.   It wrote and implemented a central bank to start exactly the kind of currency you support.  It imprisons more people than any other government in the world for almost 200,000 very confusing, stupidly complex, and largely arbitrary laws created by all those rich people your plan is supposed to stop.  And it has started and continues more wars than any other country in the world by inflating the currency you claim helps the poor.
Deflation encourages production rather than spending.  People constantly focus on the fact that it encourages people to hold onto money and somehow completely forget that it also encourages people to take a few hours of overtime whenever possible because every dime they make will be worth more tomorrow.  It encourages them to sell valuable things and/or make and produce products that create real value for peoples lives.  Because the only way to sell anything is to create more value in a product or idea than people can earn by saving.  This encourages true innovation, it disincentivizes stupid investments and pointless yearly model releases that add a half-inch to a cellphone screen and a few more pixels. 
You should really sit down and take some time to think about these systems and apply them only to yourself and how you behave.  Dont imagine some group of fantasy evil people that you want to stop.  That's one of our biggest problems, everyone in the world thinks they are the only good person that exists and think that if only *they* were the ones with unlimited power everything would be great.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:13:02
That would be tough with the current set up.  I could make a different video still with the same theme of anti-bank if thats what you mean.  I definitely need to make the videos shorter overall in the future.  Im shooting for a minute on my next one.
Also, THANK YOU for the tip!  that's freaking awesome!
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:53:48
yeah i had forgotten, will definitely change for the repost.
@_date: 2013-10-11 22:38:39
A number of redditors give these guys a hard time, but these two individuals are my heroes.  
For starters, their videos are interesting.  The guy was a little weird at first with the constant moving and over-emphasis but he's toned down alot and they both seem far more comfortable.  I find that despite myself, I watch every video of theirs that gets posted on reddit.  
But most importantly, *they* are doing what *I should be doing.*  I believe in bitcoin as much as they do and I constantly am thinking up ideas of how to promote it locally or on the internet.  Going to the university to make videos, interviewing people, printing flyers, asking every store i buy something from if they accept bitcoin, and so on.   But you know what?  I've hardly done any of it.  These 2 are busting their balls because they believe in something.  While I spend all my time on Reddit *waiting* for the next big bitcoin thing to happen rather than being that thing.  I'm a fucking filmmaker for crying out loud.  I could have done this very same thing by myself If I had tried.  But I didn't.  They did.  And its even good.
So, to everyone who bad mouths these guys because their videos aren't extraordinary; They are doing *our* work for us.  Thank them!  These guys are picking up our slack.  No matter what you think of them, you cannot deny that there is a small town in Utah where a lot of people are gossiping about a couple filming a documentary and living on this new currency called *bitcoin.*
If you want bitcoin to spread like fire, you local area is where that will happen.  The internet is a beautiful thing for starting movements, but they finish on the ground.  If we all did what these 2 people are doing, we could change the world in a week.  "Life On Bitcoin" reminds me that just chatting with a bnuch of individuals who already know and love bitcoin wont take us very far, and it will be a while to get there.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:43:30
These kinds of comments just get me.  
Here we see someone talking about how one persons off-handed statement doesn't represent a sizeable and diverse group of individuals.  OP's obnoxiousness is inevitably ridiculed due to the bias and collective thought process.
Yet, it is almost *invariably* followed by a comment like "welcome to r/bitcoin" in which someone else is taking a large and diverse group of individuals and equivocating their maturity with a single post.  All under the pretense that they themselves would never be so immature.  Yet placing themselves as 1 of only 2 individuals who broadcasted their immaturity through their comments.
Its as if someone said "blacks are so stupid" and someone responded, "god white people are such racist assholes."  lol, you sir, are the same as OP.
@_date: 2013-02-04 20:37:55
Interesting.  If there is any relied upon centralization then its not really solved anything.  If this is the case, then I have officially lost interest.  I feel the problem will be fixed sooner or later (just like our old double-spending friend), it just needs the right minds on the task.  Yours being one with some good ideas I hope :)
In my mind, the only way to actually replace the old system is to stop thinking like they do.  Centralization is a misappropriation of power.  And a system with central power is one that is destined to fail in a society of human beings.
@_date: 2013-09-22 13:58:24
Labcoin is just a mining group who is selling shares of their hashing power.  
@_date: 2013-08-08 17:33:56
The few short explanations regarding deflation were pretty decent.  The argument that I wish people would discuss more that was actually explained very succinctly by a viewer was that deflation actually encourages spending.  If you already have bitcoins and deflation speeds up, then it manifests itself as falling prices, which (as we've actually witnessed in the bitcoin economy) causes a spike in sales, not a decline.  It also gets speculators to purchase more bitcoin, which is why everyone screams, "HOARDERS."   
In addition, they mentioned that inflation does the opposite, which we can also witness.  It makes people dump the currency in exchange for hard assets like gold, silver, and other commodities that won't lose their value.  The government and media calls this spending, but in fact this is hoarding of more stable assets in an attempt to counter the value losses through inflation.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:57:04
For those of you who didn't want to watch a multiple hour senate discussion but *did* want to hear what Anthony Gallippi had to say about Bitcoin to a bunch of politicians... like me :)
Easter Egg: There is a cursor hidden somewhere on the screen.
@_date: 2013-07-20 14:42:01
This article and the distinction you attempted to clarify seems both arbitrary and completely subjective.  




Every purchase has a possible return/profit, and every purchase has a risk of loss. Period.  End of story.  The distinctions are meaningless.  Profit can be in greater utility, security, a clean floor, a faster computer, or money.  Every purchase had the specific intent of making our lives better.  and there is **always** a risk of losing that profit.  Maybe the vacuum cleaner works for only 2 days.  Maybe the graphics card wasn't nearly as fast as advertised, thus no longer worth what we paid.  Maybe the new hardware didn't *"ship in two weeks."*
Whatever the reason, this article does nothing but make subjective distinctions between two words (one with negative and the other with positive associations) on largely nothing more than the basis of the authors feelings about things.  He claims he sees no intrinsic value to bitcoin, well I do.  Does that mean that its an investment for me and speculation for him?  I see no intrinsic value in the Dollar. In fact it has far less than does bitcoin, yet I use dollars, am I speculating? What about investing in a new company that can create value for the world?  Or one that builds computers to operate machines more efficiently?  Or a networking system and payment protocol that can remove almost 90% of the frictions of money by downloading an app?  Sorry, but this argument simply doesn't work.  
@_date: 2013-05-20 01:07:33


Theft maybe?  Would you like it if your neighbor had a money printing machine and was rich as hell while not providing a damn thing for the economy or doing anything productive whatsoever under the guise that he was preventing "price fluctuations?"  Then you make the exact same machine and *he* puts you in a cage for 50 years.
Would it make you happy if everyone in the class cheated on a test and all got 100s while you studied your ass off and got a 90?  Printing money is the equivalent of economic cheating.  Its the ability to pull and consume resources from the economy while providing absolutely nothing in return.  Even if they printed to do nothing more than keep prices 100% stable they have done nothing but rob every productive member of society the value increase provided by any surplus that society as a whole has created. 
TL;DR  Its immoral.
@_date: 2013-10-14 20:47:23
PayPal is a service, Bitcoin is a currency.  Despite that this comparison gets thrown around daily, it really isn't very useful.  A far as fraud prevention goes, Paypal is one of hundreds of thousands of services that have grown, succeeded, adapted, and failed around our current financial infrastructure.  There is literally endless experience and information to draw from. 
Bitcoin is a *currency* -not a service- with a service industry that is barely out of the womb, has zero experience/information to draw from, and is using an extremely complex currency that has truly novel characteristics that have never previously existed. 
You simply can't compare the two systems, especially in regards to "chargebacks."  Dollars dont *have chargebacks,* banks and financial services *Provide* them.  Bitcoin doesnt have any of those banks or services so of course it is better to use one that does, but it isn't as if you get it for free.  You *pay* for it like anything else.  It's akin to saying you can't build a house for bitcoin.  That's because no one is providing that service FOR bitcoin.  This doesn't mean bitcoin is broken.
TL;DR.    It is useless to compare Bitcoin to Paypal.  PayPal could *use* bitcoin to do everything it already does, probably with a lot less overhead.  There is no currency in the world that has chargebacks as a built in feature.  *Companies* provide chargebacks as a service that is paid for with fees.  It has nothing to do with the currency used.  This trend can only be used as evidence suggesting that to use a service that provides user protection, is safer than not using one.  Which is like saying putting locks on your doors is better than leaving them open.  
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:18:33
I'll pay somebody $5 for their pre-order.  Sorry its not more but its just too risky, since its likely I'm just throwing that money away. 
@_date: 2013-01-24 03:57:05
Legit... The same thing happened to marijuana and bittorrenting :)
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:16:57
lol i just changed the homepage in the web browser.  I think the nooks will survive ;)
@_date: 2013-09-17 11:40:50
If BFL didn't deliver in "2 weeks" then everyone gets their bitcoin back.  Period.
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:42:31
I challenge anyone to figure out a way to ensure that bitcoin (a very scarce unit of account used on an open network in which anyone who chooses can participate or exchange even while choosing to remain anonymous) could in anyway have the price dictated, set to a certain value, or be pegged to any other commodity/resource.
Good Luck :)
@_date: 2013-09-01 04:10:11
The "free market" cannot be efficiently characterized by someone deciding whether or not to shut down a business.  It is made up of a large number of people who believe diverse things and have differing ideals.  for instance, I don't currently believe Coinbase to be an evil company because of this.  I will give three reasons: 
First, this situation sounds like some sort of malfunction within a very large system that conducts an ass load of transactions per day.  If I deleted software every time it didn't work perfectly or as it should have, my hard drives would make great paper weights.  So my initial assumption would have to be that Coinbase was not simply designed to steal all my money because user/CareerDrugUser has had an issue with his/her transaction.  
Second, there appears to be some sort of communication problem.  Coinbase has not refused to respond and seems helpful despite the fact that the problem has not been resolved.  A much more plausible explanation other than maliciousness is laziness or maybe this person is incredibly busy.  Maybe Coinbase is understaffed due to being such a young company.  Maybe this specific rep is not well trained.  Why would my first assumption be that the company is stealing and therefore should go out of business?  And if it didn't, then why would that mean the free market has somehow "failed," simply because society as a whole doesn't believe exactly what I do?
Third, I have conducted much business with Coinbase and they have proved to be a little slow, but efficient and productive.  I have always received my bitcoin, and at the price that I purchased it.  Sometimes it takes a little while, but its worth it to me to make the trade.  I'm trusting them with my bank information and I have no reason to believe I won't receive bitcoin I have purchased from them.
Lastly, It is likely that this is a mistake and can be worked out.  If the situation gets worse and Coinbase acts poorly, then maybe my views will change.  But the market is full of very different people.  And not all people are so rash as to refuse to do business with a company because they read a single sensationally titled post on reddit without waiting for more detail, or to see the outcome of the conflict.   
**Tl;DR;** I think I correctly hear contentment for the ideas of free trade in your comment.  So I felt inclined to convey that the market is far more obscure and slow moving than the views of any one individual.  That certainly doesn't make the market "right" or "wrong" or even "true."  But it does recognize the fact that the market cannot be summed up by a single ignorant perspective, and nor should it be monopolistically ruled by one.  In case your comment was sarcasm. i will not down vote your comment.  But if it was, ill just feel silly, and my desire for someone to invent a "sarcasm font" will grow ever stronger. :)
@_date: 2013-02-01 17:09:03
21,000,000 BTC will actually never be reached.  The block reward halves.  Halving can be performed infinitely.  Doesn't matter how small of a number you have, you can still cut it in half.  Mining will always have a payout no matter how small. This limit won't really be "reached" until somewhere near the year 2140 anyway.
In addition, the transaction fees you mentioned go to miners as well.  The fees should replace the block payout as the dominant monetary incentive for mining one day in the future.  If I put a fee on my transaction and it gets included in a mined block, then the miner who produced that block gets my fee as a reward.  And yes, the fee is voluntary, so if bitcoins are worth $5,000 a piece one day then I find it very likely that most people will be lowering their default fee amount from .05 bitcoins.  :)
.05 BTC * $5,000 = $250 transaction fee
@_date: 2013-08-25 18:08:27
This article actually deeply misses the point of how inflation affects the economy.  It says the stated loss of value doesn't take into account the increased productivity of the economy such as:


and that many products readily available now were either highly expensive or nonexistent back then. 
These are actually irrelevant to the argument.  What these examples prove is only that the economy has gotten more productive.  This would in fact, with a stable currency, manifest itself through *natural deflation.*  (FYI, this is world's away from deflation during a credit crisis) Which is the only accurate means of truly measuring economy-wide productivity levels.  *Inflation* destroys the ability to accurately measure this growth.  So not only has the dollar lost a massive amount of its value in relation to hard assets, which have largely had stable purchasing power over this same period, but it purchases less *even despite* the economy being wildly more productive.  This actually makes the devaluation worse, not better.  The article completely glosses over the fact that this man's monthly income from 90 years ago will barely purchase a roof over his head for a single night today.  


This is completely irrelevant to the dollar's value.  That's like saying he could have made money if he invested in Apple.  Well so what?  What does this have to do with Fed policy?


This statement is very misleading.  One would have to assume that saving money is a bad thing.  His example of holding money in a "vacuum" only serves as an objective measurement.  It makes no difference that most people don't do it.  That simply means that it is harder to find where and how much value has been stolen by Federal Reserve policy.  Not to mention that the article claims inflation is good for debt holders.  Well that's fantastic!  He just described a system that steals massive value from people who save and transfers that added-value to people holding massive debts.  A disincentive to save and earn, combined with an active incentive to borrow and not pay, happens to be terrible conditions for an economy, and is exactly what put the economy into the Great Depression as well as our current crisis.  The Debt to GDP levels in both circumstances are extraordinary, and cause that dreaded "credit deflation" the article rightfully claims is bad for an economy.  
Worst of all it decides to ignore those who are hurt worst by inflation.  The poorer you are, the greater the damage that inflation causes to your standard of living.  Like he said those who can put money into assets, material possessions, and who have steadily increasing income and/or marketable skills aren't greatly affected by this loss of value.  However if you make very little, cant afford the costs of entry into financial markets and/or have little to knowledge or expertise to do so, have a low income, and cant afford value-holding assets, you are hit far worse by this theft.  Inflation manifests itself first through increased costs of the most widely used necessities like gasoline.
**TL:DR** --This short explanation completely misses the point of measuring the theft of value caused by the Federal Reserve.  It claims that because living standards have still gotten better, stealing isn't that big of a deal.  Inflation hurts those in poverty to a far greater degree, it forces people to involve themselves in what should be unnecessary financial mediums, and it encourages debt.  Increased productivity and median incomes should in fact reveal itself through **deflation** in a stable currency.    
--Average income is in fact pointless to the argument.  This simply means the economy is more productive.  The article is right that many things have made life easier.  But the federal reserve doesn't design smartphones, it doesn't make sandwiches, it doesn't mine iron, and it doesn't build buildings.  It prints money, and issues debt.  Proving only that the natural market and open trade has done an astounding job at increasing living standards, while a parasitic institution has secretly stolen immeasurable amounts of this wealth without any physical contribution to these living standards at all and funneled this theft into endeavors that benefit a single institution.  
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:16:51
This one was themed for the whole Occupy/Anti-Bank movement.  The next I think will be a simpler and less dramatic merchant-solution style advertisement.  I know the video isn't perfect and would always love suggestions.  Also, It's my very first text animation so be kind, lol.  Im a filmmaker/editor but only now starting to dabble in the whole world of animation and keyframes.  I'll get there.
Thanks guys, hope you enjoy it.
@_date: 2013-05-19 12:25:42
Can you not see that ownership is nothing but a claim to the use of something?  You keep referring to the two as if they are mutually exclusive.  You *have* to claim ownership of the air you breath or you cannot use it.  You must remove the oxygen from the air, therefore depriving someone other being's use of that same oxygen.  An atom owns the space it occupies because it must occupy and use that space to exist.  So whether we agree on the definition of ownership or not, we still have to come to an agreement on who *uses* said space or object... which again is to *claim ownership* whether you think it should be temporary or absolute. 
People are not retarded.  You can continue to agrue that nothing is real and ownership doesn't exist and using stuff doesn't actually claim anything.  But you will find that practicing that belief in the world is actually impossible because the only way to truly embrace that philosophy is to stop breathing.  You *must* claim the resources it takes to survive.  You can say that you don't *own* your food and air all you want, but a sandwich can only be eaten once.  If you use something and at the same time make it impossible for anyone else to use it then you have claimed ownership.  Scarcity exists, whether you believe it or not.
@_date: 2013-11-10 20:33:33
Yes I agree, but this is also not the simplest thing to accomplish, and it doesn't take into account the global nature of Bitcoin.  Such a move could also increase the demand for private, decentralized, online marketplaces.  Which I think is a technology that isn't very far into the future.   
An outright ban would certainly slow the growth of Bitcoin in whatever country implemented such a law, but it would not be a quick thing to get passed, and many people would still use the currency.  As I said in the post, I think it will be a long and slow process of smaller, more subtle regulations.  After watching for 20 years what happens when you attack decentralized systems with laws, I think they will likely be very careful about how they treat Bitcoin.
Of course, I could be completely wrong.  They could implement some laws next week that make any and all electronic form of currency completely illegal (Which would likely be the unintended consequence of banning such a technology as Bitcoin that is very difficult to define without causing collateral damage).  But I honestly don't think its going to be that cut and dry.  I think change is coming faster than anyone expects, and I think no one really knows how Bitcoin will respond.  We are ALL treading on new ground here.  I just thought I'd give my 2 bitcent.  ;)
@_date: 2013-01-25 05:42:14
I don't really see this as a "doomed to repeat" mistake or problem.  The bitcoin market is still small.  Just a few thousand dollars can make a significant change in the price.  As the market grows it will become more stable.  More investors and speculators will lower volatility.  I know the "status quo" would have you believe otherwise, but speculators are market stabilizers.  They buy when the price is low (adding demand when it's lacking) and sell when the price is high (adding supply when its lacking).  This does not create volatility and wild swings as some might have learned on the news.  In fact, it does the exact opposite to stabilize prices and add liquidity to the markets.
So anyway, It's pretty amazing how similar the chart movements are, but I don't see it as some mistake people refuse to learn from.  Just my two bitcent.
@_date: 2013-02-05 18:30:34
I think I am at least grasping the concept but can someone give me an elementary school version of this?
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:00:48
Financial freedom.
@_date: 2013-07-17 14:20:45
I'm still really bugged by this argument that everyone will hoard their coins instead of spend them.  First, there just isnt a whole lot to spend them on yet.
I honestly just don't buy that much crap.  My main expenses are groceries, Internet, movie tickets, eating out, gas, and a few little things on the side like League of Legends skins or something stupid like that.  None of these things can be purchased easily for bitcoin yet.  But bitcoin itself can pretty easily be purchased, on top of the fact that I'm afraid the dollar is going to be worth less than its weight in crap (which can be used for fertilizer) in a short time span.   
Combine this with the fact that my savings are in bitcoin and what do you get?  Am I just a greedy hoarder who doesn't spend his coins?  No, I just can't but the things I buy right now with bitcoin.  Period.
So why is it hard to find merchants to accept bitcoin?  My answer: Because hardly anyone has bitcoin!  Merchants respond to the marketplace.  If they are losing noticeable business because someone else accepts bitcoin, or because people have made a lot of bitcoin money and want some shiny new stuff, **then** they will gladly accept bitcoin.
Seriously, how on earth is anyone going to be able to spend their coins, and why on earth would anyone accept them if a huge number of people didn't first have them and possibly have made a good amount of money by saving them.   
Am i the only one who thinks this makes perfect sense?  That first a large number of people have to buy and "hoard" them, *then* the price goes up, and **then** merchants start accepting them because there is this giant chunk of customer wealth that people want to use.  Bitcoins aren't valuable in and of themselves.  It is what you can trade them for that has value.  If its easier to switch to dollars and purchase the things people like then they will do that.  But as bitcoin grows there will be far fewer reasons to do so.  But in the end the *real* goal is a TV, a house, food, clothes, and everything else we need to live and enjoy our lives.  Whatever means of trade gets us there easiest and most securely is what will be used.  
TL;DR. Hoarding and saving is a **very** important first step in establishing a new currency or means of trade. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:52:09
ill check it out, have to make a few updates on that list anyway.
@_date: 2013-09-01 04:18:08
This will last until ASIC development and manufacturing catches up to the larger electronics market.  Large production facilities for computers and tablets are making 22 nm and 15 nm processors while bitcoin ASICs are only very recently stretching there way into production at 28 nm.  
    This hashing acceleration will slow magnificently within 6 months to a year and the top hardware will slowly become ubiquitous and cheap.  Then the focus will be less about hashing power, and more about making them energy neutral.  It doesn't matter how much you run it and how little your getting if its not costing you anything. That's what seems like the logical outcome to me anyway :)
@_date: 2013-08-30 12:58:57
What do you mean *defensive?*  Why is everyone constantly attacking us?  Jesus man, could you be more of a jackass?  (/sarcasm - just in cases)
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:40:11
I can almost get that much interest on a bank savings account :)
Gonna get rich!
@_date: 2013-08-24 23:35:08
Haha that's exactly how I feel.  I have loved calibre, but god their app is just stupid convoluted.
@_date: 2013-07-07 14:01:11
Mtgox doesn't sell or buy coins.  They connect people who are buying and selling. 
This scenario would be far more destructive to the bitcoin economy than a fluctuating price... it would also be extremely costly and has no chance of succeeding.  I shall refer you to 
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:22:59
Exactly this. Trying to pick a bitcoin company to invest in is extremely risky as it seems 98% of them crash and burn, while half of the ones that succeed get hacked.  This is just what the business world looks like,  far far more failures than successes.  Trying to pick out the ones that will succeed is a dangerous game.  
However, holding your bitcoin in an understanding of its future utility, rather than selling or investing works to boost every startup in the bitcoin space equally.  The value of their savings/investments is a little bit higher.  Then the successful companies further increase the utility of bitcoin, therefore also raising the price and enticing you to spend those savings on insane new services or products that people actually want.
People have got to get over the idea that holding Bitcoin is a bad thing.  Its starting to give me a headache.  Its actually a fantastic thing that makes capital available for better infrastructure.  You think some of the developers would be able to fund some of the projects they are working on if there weren't a lot of people "buying and holding"?  One of them is sending bitcoin nodes into space!  
Deflation (the value rise kind) funds innovation and the bitcoin infrastructure.  Without it, bitcoin would be doomed to a slow crawl of progress where most of our time was wasted searching for capital.
YES, you should buy and hold your bitcoin if you think it has potential, it is the easiest and least risky way to help all the businesses within the community, encourage a robust infrastructure, and a fast improvement in security and adoption.  It is *their* responsibility to give you a product or service that entices you to spend that savings.
@_date: 2013-08-01 12:19:16
Anyone who holds anything to retain or gain value is then a speculator.  Buying gas this week because your afraid it will be higher next week is speculation.  Buying any asset or commodity of any kind immediately becomes speculation.   
Now, I'm personally completely ok with this definition if thats what were agreeing to.  The only issue is that the media has pounded "speculation" as a negative and evil word into the minds of the population.  A connotation which you appear to be implying as well.  The real problem here is that politics not only destroys the economy, but also language.  It becomes a fight between negative and positive implications using words that may objectively refer to the exact same thing.  Its sad really, to think people cant agree or communicate properly because of words raped by journalists and politicians.
@_date: 2013-11-10 15:55:40
Yeah but every time someone sends .5 bitcoin from an address holding 50 bitcoin, then 49.5 bitcoin is sent back to the same address as "change."  This seriously inflates the above statistic.
Not saying that this isn't awesome, but for an accurate representation it would have to somehow recognize and exclude change transactions.
@_date: 2013-12-08 21:33:15
@_date: 2013-11-13 01:02:11
Not a liar necessarily.  Never forget how easy it is to get stuck in a way of thinking.  Especially considering that the only way to break from it is by specifically and diligently trying to discover whether you are right or not.  Schiff, knowing the value of gold and being an austrian economist who regularly predicts large market moves and bubbles, has little reason to think his ideas regarding money are wrong.  Nothing has ever existed that specifically challenged it.  
Peter Schiff is bound to understand the value of bitcoin sooner or later.  It will likely come from his readers/listeners like myself.  And it will simply be when he finally takes the time to think rather than dismiss the idea.  Its probably the first time in decades one of his broader economic concepts needed any refining.  If bitcoin is, in fact, the true basic idea of money in one of its purest forms (which i think it is), he will eventually come around.
@_date: 2013-01-17 07:39:03
You could make an account on MtGox.com and sell them for USD if that's what your looking for.  Then you transfer the money to a bank account from there.  Im not sure the exact process though.  I'm currently working on the same thing.  I had never sold any until recently.  But honestly it might not be worth all the trouble and fees for just $5.  Plus, the bitcoin might go up in value, it's been a century since the US dollar did that.  Anyway, hope that helps :)
@_date: 2013-09-17 12:33:32
People getting rich from bitcoin would not cause this distopic future.  Bitcoin's nature is to lower transactional and banking barriers that prevent free trade which is the number one reason there is such an astounding amount of poverty in the world today.  This poverty is declining rapidly however if you look at any real study.
Here's a very simple visualization:
Remember this is all occuring simply because it is easier for people to trade their productivity and share information than it was 200 years ago.  Bitcoin could create an upward trend in this graph that makes the last 200 years look like a waste of time.  
There is nothing special about people in the "modern world" that makes them have better washing machines, clothes, televisions, and computers.  The "third world" is only in perpetual poverty because they have no means to trade their way to productivity.  Bitcoin will allow them that.  And it will do so without the permission of parliament, US congress, their own oppressive governments, without insane fees and transfer costs, and without anyone in the middle.  
Bitcoin and the internet together breach so many trade barriers it makes my head spin just trying to think of them all.
Bitcoin has the capability of making national borders useful for only a shipping address.  I think bitcoin is far more likely to end our current idea of poverty, than to make a rich class of bitcoiners separate from society leaving everyone else helpless.
@_date: 2013-07-24 14:18:44
I think this is a great idea and all, but honestly there are a number of places to buy bitcoin shirts and stickers already.  Sorry to say, but I doubt you will get much support for a project that doesn't need to be a big investment and isn't anything specifically novel.
@_date: 2013-10-21 11:11:39
I have to ask a question since you see it this way.  This to me makes a lot of sense, but it also raises a question for me that makes the alternative (basically replacing fiat) a far more likely option.  If you had your money in two different currencies, one that was completely under you control, allowed for privacy, and steadily gained value based upon new entrants and increased productivity in the economy, and a second currency that *lost* value every year (far more obvious when you can see price comparisons), has severe limitations &amp;amp; fees, and allows for absolutely no privacy whatsoever... Where would you keep your wealth?  
I agree that your scenario seems much more likely, but I can't help but think a clear majority of people will think of fiat currencies as temporary throwaways that are needed to pay taxes.  I find it likely that the rise of bitcoin (or cryptocurrency in general) will bring competition back to money.  I think we will see banking hours disappear in the fiat system.  I think we will see banks advertising privacy and lower fees.  You may be right that fiat won't be going anywhere.  But there is no doubt that bitcoin is going to change the game for good. 
IMO, Competition in currency is going to change more about how society is organized than anything else has in 5000 years.  There is *nothing* that can kill an old, wasteful, destructive idea faster than free and open competition.  
@_date: 2013-03-28 13:13:38
How do the "experts" constantly get everything wrong?  There is almost a mistake in every paragraph.  25 million bitcoin by 2030?  Really?  How did I ever actually listen to the news if this is what they write after doing "research" on bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-08-26 20:02:15
Don't forget that not everyone represents or necessarily would think of bitcoin from the same context as the few powerful people you are talking about just because they are also "a part of government."  
Also, bitcoin will be noticed one way or the other.  If any kind of regulatory stability comes out of this now, it could make it more difficult for the individuals and institutions in question to counter the opinion that arises from this.  I'm not saying this is a good thing, I'm just saying its not necessarily bad.
@_date: 2013-01-21 20:05:56
Honestly I felt this way for a while, mostly out of fear of the government and their ability to destroy anything they focus their collective insanity towards.
However, I've changed my position on it.  I say we put the trust in a new system and welcome the changes.  We know that we have the moral argument on our side.  Stand behind it.  Bitcoin will never succeed if we attempt to ignore the freedom it grants us.  Do we not want to gain financial freedom?  Do we want government to keep destroying our savings?  Do we always want them to have the ability to make us pay for their horrific violence?
Your example for legitimate user is Wordpress.  Yet, Wordpress explicitly explained that it is because of government oppression and financial control that they began accepting bitcoin.  I say stand behind that.
I believe bitcoin needs more users acting in their own interest for whatever reason in order to gain control and freedom in their ability to trade.  In fact, file-hosting could be a great stepping stone if you think about it.  The young generations are overwhelmingly against copyright law.  Let bitcoin stand behind file-hosting and torrenting, and the young will stand behind bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-03-17 06:33:24
Would you voluntarily give your money to a security service or judicial system that regularly hired mercenaries in order to eliminate opposition or competitors? It seems like a really poor way of making your customers trust you, which would be the absolute and most critical aspect of a security service... trust.  This is probably why everyone thinks we have to have the government take care of it in the first place.  Because we are too afraid to consider changing the way its always been and put our trust in something or someone different.
@_date: 2013-08-24 23:39:54
That government insurance and the protection of government bailouts is exactly why they gamble it away.
Edit:  Google Fractional Reserve Banking.  Then ask whether it was consumers or the banks that asked for such laws.
@_date: 2013-11-02 22:22:55
The information that money carries is value, and it is supposed to do so independently.  The fact that bitcoin has a "history" is irrelevant, its just a side-effect of confirming that all bitcoins are valid.  
The purpose and function of money is to be a finite and independent means of measuring value within a trade.  It takes a combination of billions of transactions, subjective ideas of value, savings &amp; debt, cost &amp; time of production, scope of necessary skill sets, and thousands of other factors to determine prices largely without valuing one individuals' opinion over another.  And it can only achieve this feat if it has a certain set of characteristics.  If we forgot every transaction through all of history it would change nothing.  All we need to be able to do is prove the currency is valid and who owns it in order to facilitate a trade.
@_date: 2013-09-06 15:45:55
Thnx, do you have any idea why my post formatted ike that?
its never happened when i posted before.
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:13:18
Ill be sure to make all my text in the next video so it is evenly spaced, uniform in size, 1.5 line spacing, justified paragraph formatting, has 1 inch margins, and can be easily read from left to right (or is it right to left... god i can never remember). It will be just like an essay!
Thank you for your very constructive feedback.  I sense much better videos in my future :)
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:51:47
lol, the music seems to be a running issue.  I think it works for the feeling I was trying to put off, but there are definitely parts where its a little too loud.
I'm a music lover so i tend to crank it up.
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:57:01
The principles of bitcoin as a currency would suggest gold wouldn't work either.  I feel history may prove you wrong.  The inconsistency in the argument though I think is just derived from an inefficiency in common language.  There is no true unified definition for the word "Greed."  Mostly thanks to the art of politics, the word is largely just used for desire for a better life when one wishes to communicate distaste with a choice.  If you want a logical argument you have to give a proper definition for that word.  It can't simply be used to claim that a decision to profit was a result of "greed."  It would allow every choice to buy food, save, drink water, taste something delicious, be loved by someone, and any other want to any degree must also be called "greedy."  
If we define greed as "a desire to profit at someone else's expense and no matter the cost," then we are having a very different conversation.  Saving in bitcoin and desiring a high return on an investment that could change the world is not "greed."  It doesn't take these people evil because they wish to better their lives because its not at others expense.  In fact with a scarce currency like bitcoin, its at everyone's equal and proportional benefit.  
It is market manipulation, poorly designed and vulnerable trading platforms, and uninformed and rash decisions that create wild swings in the price and volatile markets.  And this can all be much more logically understood as a result of a young market that is operating with an unfamiliar technology.  
What is actually causing our problems in the bitcoin community and market is ignorance and over-excitement.  To simply blanket define the entire community as greedy for wanting to better their own lives would have to equally make you a greedy asshole for eating breakfast every morning so as to not be hungry all day.  I understand where the argument comes from, but its largely a bias that stems from not trusting and/or disliking other people.  Which I think we all can associate with ;)
TL:DR. Using the word "greed" is just a way of manipulating language so that someone has a negative association with whatever follows it.  Politics has mostly destroyed the meaning of that word, and you can't simply apply it to every single decision made from the desire to better ones life.  Because every last decision we make is based on that desire.  It is a prerequisite to being alive.
@_date: 2013-10-17 12:59:32
1) America isnt the only country in the world.  
2) Our purchasing power is only so great because of our reserve currency status
3) When the dollar dies any decently managed currency will have massively increased demand, lowering prices denominated in said currencies.  (tl;dr prices in china will drop)
4) Chinese people will buy the iphones that they make.
@_date: 2013-05-18 18:25:49
Show me a socialist state that does not force you to pay for a healthcare plan picked out by a bureaucrat, that has voluntary taxation, and where no one punishes others for consumption of certain substances or foods and then I'll proceed to explain that your actually in support of a libertarian society where everyone BELIEVES exactly the same thing. (Which unfortunately is impossible)
If you don't believe in violence then that's fine, state socialism however is far from non-violent.  Socialism means that a portion of the population agrees on something and then forces everyone else through imprisonment and theft to do and pay for what the few select or believe to be the "best option."  But if anyone disagrees even slightly, they are still forced through the threat of imprisonment to pay for the same policy as everyone else.   
As a libertarian I understand that there will never be a time in which all people agree (which is a fantastic thing, because we are all wrong about pretty much everything) therefore, it is best to simply allow people the freedom to disagree and pay for which service or product that they believe will do the most good or improve their lives the greatest amount.  A good word to describe that belief is cooperation.  If someone disagrees then I must either convince them, or allow them the right to believe something different, otherwise forcing them to pay for MY beliefs makes me a tyrant, no matter how "good" I think it will be for that person.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:51:05
Ok, breath deep.  Calm yourself.  Don't make any rash decisions.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:49:48
I've wondered the same thing.  Generally something like the Cyprus bank theft would create a spike in gold and silver being the most common safe haven.  Yet a lot of money has found it's way into bitcoin due to it being even harder to confiscate, cheaper to protect, and clearly a decent investment.  During this same time period gold and silver have fallen.  Now I don't mean to suggest that bitcoin is the cause of this, but I don't know many people who trust the ETFs anymore and $2b towards bitcoin is a lot of money no matter how you look at it.
I doubt it will continue like this long-term, but bitcoin could very well be affecting the price of gold and silver negatively over the short-term.  If for no other reason than it being an exciting digital alternative to gold that has recently taken the spotlight for currency safe havens.
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:33:10
What a great suggestion, I think I will go masturbate to the thought of how awesome I am!
You seem to be a very hurtful individual, I hope you make things better for yourself in the future instead of complaining about how everyone is just screwing you.
@_date: 2013-08-30 13:06:21
If subreddits were *done for* when users began acting defensively or when they became really zealous about an idea they supported then Reddit would never have worked in the first place.  
Honestly, I think constantly talking about how everyone else isn't acting *properly,* which comes with the immediate subtext of "except me," is just a little obnoxious.
You can always throw in constructive criticism when someone makes a ridiculous comment.  But jerking yourself off by talking about how uniformly immature a large and diverse group of people are because you read an over zealous comment yesterday is... Wait for it... *Immature.*
@_date: 2013-03-05 02:56:56
Crypto currency will indeed make everyone richer.  Not necessarily in the everyone has a private jet way, but in the fact that a massive inefficiency and parasitic system is removed from the economy.  There are downsides to every currency, the features of bitcoin (if the code remains sound) make it far better at translating value than any current alternative.  
The Internet makes everyone phenomenally wealthier.  I have access to knowledge that my grandparents literally could never have come close to imagining and it's almost universally free.  Every new invention makes society wealthier.  I'm poor and broke constantly, but I haven't gone a single day this year without food, water, air conditioning, or power.  That's real wealth.
Bitcoin does this economy-wide.  It can be applied to nearly every type of transaction that takes place in the economy.  Rather than fixing an inefficiency in the car industry, the information industry, the medical industry, or the steel industry, bitcoin solves the inefficiencies in trying to communicate value between and within every single industry that exists.  Throwahoy is right.  Bitcoin will make everyone far wealthier.
@_date: 2013-09-10 16:31:27
The post about how many bitcoin people have:


-sigh... if only I had sold everything I owned when I first bought in. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:15:24
"require more bitcoin than there will ever be"  ?
Either I'm misunderstanding you, or you've misunderstood why Satoshi made Bitcoin divisible down to the 8th decimal place.  21 million is a completely arbitrary number.  Where we choose to put the decimal place is irrelevant.   Not to mention that a software update could make it divisible to the 50th decimal if the community so desired. 
The mechanism of scarcity is exactly why the price moves.  As more people want them, the price goes up, which makes customers buy smaller and smaller amounts.  The price could go so high as to represent every ounce of wealth on earth and we still wouldn't need anymore bitcoins.  We would simply be buying steaks for hundredths of a Satoshi.
If I misunderstood, ignore me.  If I understood correctly, then I hope this explains why we cant "run out" of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-21 14:56:26
So if i hoard I'm supporting gamblers and alcoholics?  What about terrorists and child pornographers?  You forgot to say terrorists and child pornographers. 
@_date: 2013-02-04 22:14:56
Where the network agrees to place the decimal is arbitrary.  Bitcoin is nothing more than a glorified point system in the first place.  We could move the decimal ten places and it still wouldn't change how it worked, its value, or whether or not it can facilitate trade.  
As far as the concept that someone could simply get rich by holding onto coins, you are absolutely right.  But this is true of literally anything new that comes into being in the marketplace.  What about the first person who purchased land for next to nothing because oil seeped through the soil killing crops?  Is oil a ponzi-scheme?  If you bought Apple stock during the company's first year you literally could have made billions.  Does this mean Apple's stock is fundamentally flawed?
It is the nature of change that return is higher the earlier someone "gets in."  The earlier you commit, the more risk there is.  There is little to no risk in buying Apple today.  In 1987 however it was a huge gamble. 
Think about it, most of the people who hear about bitcoin immediately think it's a scam, a ponzi-scheme, or just another e-money.  Early adopters both have to believe and understand it on an entirely different level, as well as take a massive risk in order to provide liquidity and value to the market.  The longer you hold onto it, the more risk you are taking in a new system that has yet to be fully tested and explored.
TL;DR   Profiting through early adoption is literally nothing more than seeing potential value where others overlook it.  It is an inevitable consequence of differing opinions in a free and changing market.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:16:17
*I do not think that word means what you think it means.*
@_date: 2013-09-06 16:04:02
This wasn't actually my question.  Let me rephrase: 


I'm not asking how hard it is to crack because i feel thats irrelevant.  I'm wondering what can be done when it *does* happen.  What are the consequences of simply "changing to a more secure algo?"
@_date: 2013-01-24 03:59:22
Bitcoin is global.  America is not.
@_date: 2013-09-15 03:29:29
I think it will continue until ASIC hardware specs reach the same size and chip density of the larger technologies market. (which i believe will be longer than 90 days) Somewhere around 15nm or near if im remembering correctly.  Then the market will become saturated as prices plummet, being that manufacturing costs are minuscule after the initial tooling investment.
This is when the hash rate grows not due to quick release of faster miners, but by the ubiquitous spread of small efficient miners at low prices.  
Only at this point will it finally slow down and make pace with moore's law, following the rest of the chip market.  However, by then the network will be utterly massive, and largely the most secure and computationally intensive super network of computers in existence, that allows free and open trade to anyone in the world.
@_date: 2013-09-16 14:34:39
These guys are astoundingly talented at making things worse for themselves.  
@_date: 2013-08-30 13:17:38
"Down voted for my post that claims a large and diverse group of people are all uniformly immature and defensive!?"
*OMFG I'm right!*
Get off your high horse yo.  If you want to criticize a comment then cool.  We need that to keep emotions in check.  You know, because it is in fact human beings on the Internet.  But when you read a sensationalist comment and then say, "everybody up here is so childish!", you are being childish.  Next time I hear about a black person stealing something i'll be sure to ask reddit why **all** black people steal shit.  
This is me criticizing your post, which i believe to be in poor taste, in hopes of making this community a more subjective one.  I hope you now understand where those down votes are coming from.
EDIT:  btw, I do in fact agree about some of the Dreamhost responses so don't get me wrong.  My feelings:  The joke was completely in good fun.  They thought they were being cheeky.  I personally read a little bit of it, said "oh Jesus," and then went looking for something more interesting to read.  Of course I didn't find it funny because I understand bitcoin's value.  Just like I'm probably not going to laugh at a joke about how useless the Internet is... Unless they were somehow devilishly clever.  If you want to deny them your money then cool.  But there is no reason to start hating on them just because they don't "get" bitcoin.  Time is limited for all of us.  Lets use it wisely and spend most of it talking about how to improve bitcoin, and how we build the apps, the networks, and the features that make bitcoin so obviously valuable that the detractors use it not because they understand, but because all of their customers already do.  
@_date: 2013-01-25 03:36:22
Incredibly well written.  Keep up the good work!
@_date: 2013-07-22 00:19:38
Ships in about 2 weeks ;)
@_date: 2013-01-22 02:52:14
Most of the video is a decent argument.  But he then says that the solution is simply to raise the debt limit, which is "easy and simple." Unfortunately that isn't a solution to the problem, in fact it ignores the problem.  One path leads to a debt crisis, while the other leads to a currency crisis...
The problem is that we gave a group of idiots the power to create money, and the group keeps inviting their friends to join and creating new departments, agencies, and regulations.  They have an endless bucket so why not just keep spending?  Why not buy everyone healthcare and a house and a yacht and scuba gear and a Ferrari?  How is this concept so difficult to people?  Creating money from nothing, whether it's a loan, a printed bill, or grown on trees - simply makes money bad at its job.  It can no longer accurately measure value in an economy, and it gives an ungodly amount of power to a small group of people.  Doomed from its beginning because scarcity is a real thing that isn't altered by printing more dollars.  
@_date: 2013-11-06 01:26:58
Split them into 10 different wallets with 10 very difficult passwords and put 9 of them on 3 different USB sticks and delete them from any and all devices connected to the internet. 
Then keep that last $5,000 reasonably easy to access and buy yourself some cool shit.  :)   Welcome back!
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:22:33
Bitcoin *does* have intrinsic value!  Jesus all value isn't physical.  We're not cavemen!  Does security not have value?  We put up with taxes and massive government parasites all under the simple fallacy that they are making us *safe* from a psychotic world of biker gangs.  Is this not perceived value?  Whether its a delusion or reality.  What about stability (from a rules and systems point-of-view, lol) and openness?  Provable honesty?  Secure, instant, and private exchanges of any type of transaction?  What about responsibility and freedom?  Do these things not constitute *real* value?  Do ideas not have value?  Is Final Cut Pro defying all concepts of economics by thinking people would pay money for a virtual fake nothing that can't be used to hammer a nail?
This argument seems so unbelievably simple and yet Peter Schiff, a man I consider very intelligent, falls victims to some incredible narrow-mindedness.  Come on Schiff, *think* about it.  Instead of trying to *prove* it has no value because you like gold, actually *ask* yourself if it does.
Good thing though is that if he's making videos about it, it means he's feeling the pressure.  He will see it soon enough.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:55:07
I actually would except there are 2 hidden cuts in that audio clip believe it or not.  The jump cuts in the video would be weird.
@_date: 2013-06-03 20:05:23
When was the last time you started a business?  Not to be insulting or anything, but I think you are casually tossing aside the tens of thousands of small businesses that produce massive value for the economy who do *not* think that $50,000 a year for *permission* from their masters to engage in a useful activity to be a small or fair cost.
Not to mention having a lot of debt is not good for a business and inevitably raises prices worse for smaller institutions than larger ones.  It is a competition killer no matter how you look at it, on top of the fact that it fails to prevent the scams and ponzi schemes they are supposed to be preventing. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 23:49:44
Without any fee attached it might take a while to confirm.  I would suggest a small fee, like .001 btc, to ensure miners want to include it in their blocks.  It will confirm though, a lot of miners still accept all transactions with or without fees, there just isnt as many of them.
@_date: 2013-08-01 21:34:27
Jeffrey Tucker was the head of the Mises institute the last I knew.  When did he leave?
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:39:40
Silkroad is not the only Tor website where you can buy drugs online with bitcoin.  
Bitcoin is the only currency you can use to buy drugs online.  
Silkroad is a website.  
Bitcoin is a revolutionary crypto-accounting system that makes the Silkroad possible.  
Shutting down the Silkroad would have no long-term effect on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-11 12:01:04
Order from the gift website and then use an app like Tango Card to scan in the gift card.  This is what I do and it works great.  Just make sure you copy the "event number" down as well if your using a Target card.  
@_date: 2013-09-15 21:16:26
I've not seen this before and I check r/bitcoin at least 3-4 times a day.  Plus its a great post IMO. 
@_date: 2013-10-26 22:32:08
Bitcoin is mentioned in the article... also it is related.
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:21:34
Its just a simple headband.  Theres also an ipad app that teaches u how to focus better.  You mind control a post and wrap a rope around it, plus some other tasks.  Then it gives you read outs to let you know how well your doing :)  
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:21:47
People don't admit that they were wrong.
@_date: 2013-12-20 01:56:28
I've read basically this post 20 or so times in around 2 years, and it still doesn't contribute any useful information or perspective to the conversation.  It only reminds me how predictable people are.  The reactions have largely been the same each time there is a bubble, both before and after.   If you say anything good about bitcoin while the price is falling then you are a bitcoin evangelical love troll.  
To you and everyone else it seems the only thing that matters is the price, not the infrastructure, not the fundamentals, not the possibilities, not the current rate of growth, or what is changing and how... Just the price.  And you think this sub reddit is "shit" because I'm here?  Lol
"past results do not indicate future performance. Just because it's crashed before doesn't mean we can just dismiss all crashes as "bumps.""
-cool, I never said it did, in fact I wasn't dismissing it at all, that was the point of my post.  I have looked at everything going on and it looks very similar to the last few crashes, like I said.   Price got too high, bitcoin couldn't deliver on all its potential, infrastructure stresses, bad news, trading down for a bit, bank problems, really bad news, and the crash.  But fundamentally hardly a thing has changed... So instead of telling me I'm wrong and have a "shit" opinion, how about useful conversation instead?
@_date: 2013-10-21 17:21:51
If its used... How could it not?  Lowering fees to near-zero, removing the inefficiency and wastefulness of multiple middlemen, making global transactions practically instant, removing all borders, and significantly lowering the time it takes to make a transaction (no name/address/card number/bank/expiration/etc)
In fact this is the *only* value it has at all.  It doesn't even do anything else.  It is simply a far more efficient and more secure payment system.  That's it.  
Short answer = Yes
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:45:44
Yeah definitely.  My plan is to have 5-6 different demographic based advertisements.  The crypto-anarchist movement was simply the first idea i came up with and started on.  Decided to finish it before i went any further.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:44:43
That's actually 500 Million not Billion.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:16:57
I'm not complaining and I've been here for a very long time.  Read the post.
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:17:22
Why are you angry about the simple fact that there are some people better positioned to understand and/or use bitcoin?  This is NECESSARILY true of anything that exists because people are different.  Are we supposed to start a campaign to teach grandmas how to use bitcoin so they dont miss the bandwagon?  And all of this is under the assumption that its going to work perfectly for decades and have its value go to infinity.  
Its a system with equality of authority not outcome.  This is a magnificent breakthrough in programming and everyone can and will benefit extraordinarily from its implementation.  If a brilliant new technology only makes you think about how your not making as much money as somebody else, then you have a SERIOUS jealousy and insecurity problem that you should recognize and do something about.
tl;dr   Quit being so butthurt because the price is higher than you wanted to buy it at and mining actually takes hard work and computer skills.
@_date: 2013-10-15 15:56:31
I completely understand what you are saying but stating that something is "heavily regulated" usually means the opposite of what you suggest.  The most restrictive regulations are almost solely in the most monopolistic industries because regulations rarely get passed unless a large company supports it (at least this is the experience in the US and in many countries throughout history)
To say the banking industry is "heavily regulated" would generally mean that a small number of banks control and run the regulation of the entire industry.  Rarely does a new bureaucracy or committee arise in any industry without the largest player not somehow at least indirectly involved and exercising control.  
@_date: 2013-10-17 12:49:54
Bitpay = get paid in bitcoins &amp; receive dollars with lower fees than credit cards.
Accept Bitcoin = get more customers than you would otherwise.
Its hard to get ahold of bitcoin if you have dollars, but accepting bitcoin as a merchant is one of the simplest processes and *will* get you additional customers.  Even if it's just a few.  I think it would be foolish not to accept bitcoin considering the lack of cost compared to the potential benefit.
@_date: 2013-10-12 00:46:50
The difference is that the bitcoin community talks about every scam, hack, and fraud.  I've still never been victim of anything because i protect my coins, i dont do business unless they have good reputations, and I *read* every article about lost passwords, scams and such.
I dont disagree in any way that there are a lot of issues right now.  The security and the protocol itself definitely have a learning curve to them.  But you dont hear about credit card/bank scams and fraud because either they have no interest in fixing them or they have been legalized and "that's just the way it works."  
Not saying bitcoin is perfect, but reading all those articles and conversations gives me hope.  There are a lot of people working **very** hard to make these problems disappear.  You have to find all the holes before you can repair them.
@_date: 2013-11-21 02:18:10
Wouldn't it be sensible to automate this process somehow? 
Why not have the minimum transaction size be a tiny percentage of the global price average updated every 24 hours or something?  Hell, you could limit it to divisions of 10.  If the price stays above 4 digits for 2 days, then the minimum transaction moves over a decimal space.  Thoughts?
@_date: 2013-11-14 04:21:54
everyone at some time spouts of like they intimately know a topic when they don't.  Imagine how much stupid shit would get recorded if half of your conversations were in front of a camera?  I know I've said some ridiculous crap that didnt make since before :)
Dont be so hard on the guy.  As an ex-republican and ex-goldbug (bitcoin made me realize how UN-suited for our society gold actually is) I can easily see how if someone told him "What about internet money?" that he would initially dismiss it.  He is inviting someone onto his show to debate.  The next few weeks could be extremely interesting.  Might actually have to buy his podcast.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:32:53
Thank You!  You guys have suddenly made me realize that my late afternoons of editing could actually be worth something!  Bitcoin is chaning things. :D
@_date: 2013-04-29 04:47:22
Bitcoin is useful :)
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:28:43
Printing money = making current money less valuable, therefore eventually leading to the uselessness of smaller denominations like pennies as well as the necessity of printing larger notes and denominations for circulation.
Divisibility is preparation for the opposite.  As smaller units become *more* valuable, you can continue to use smaller and smaller fractions without any new bills, units, or changes in the currency.   
A great many people still fail to understand the fact that *hyperdeflation* is not a problem in a stable currency system.  It means nothing more than added productivity within the affected economy (bitcoin in this instance).  We have been taught by the public in general as well as by schools and mainstream economists that it is bad, using the historical examples of The Great Depression and others.  The important thing to understand is that hyperdeflation in every historical instance was because of a *Debt Bubble* - meaning banking institutions issued vast amounts of debt exceeding the amount of real money in reserves.  This means that liquidating debt actually destroys capital within the economy.  Imagine if someone just set 90% of the world's money on fire.  This IS a problem, but its impossible when using actual bitcoin. 
An increased currency value based on productivity and adoption has always been a good thing, not a bad thing.  Between the 1880s and mid-1890s we had some of the largest amounts of *real* deflation in the dollar in history.  For a very long time economists thought there had been an economic contraction during this period, only to find that it was one of the single most productive spans of time in human history and still has the greatest increase in standard of living that the country has ever undergone.  
And no people don't stop spending because their money is more valuable.  In fact just the opposite.  When the value rises people are actually *more* likely to spend some of it.  This fallacy is so old and worn out It still shocks me how many people wear it like its their favorite shirt.
@_date: 2013-12-20 01:33:05
That's very open-minded of you.  And such behavior is sure to grant you a very broad and informed perspective :)
@_date: 2013-09-10 21:46:32
Switched to Coinbase.  Haven't looked back.
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:49:09
lmao, thank you for this :)
@_date: 2013-07-16 19:22:48
God I hope so! 
@_date: 2013-05-27 01:21:34
All of these examples are referring to currencies undergoing hyperinflation.  Pricing in other currencies is clearly due to unstable local currency.  Hedging to a price index is the same as well as your other few examples.  
These all seem to be responses to the inflation not situations that lead to or are used to predict inflationary periods.  So of course none of the major currencies are currently in this situation... because none of them are hyperinflating.  But neither is any of this really useful in determining if inflation is to occur in the future.  
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:08:58
:)  I love that movie.
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:42:51
YOU FUCKING CUNT SON OF A BITCH!  YOU PIECE OF SHIT YOU DONT CALL ME A MORON!  I KNOW SHIT AND IM SMART! YOU DONT KNOW NOTHING AND YOU'RE DUMB MOTHERFUCKER!
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:07:05
Two things missing as far as a full concept goes:
1)  Encrypted anonymous P2P communication.  This could be integrated with Bitmessage obviously, though that protocol has some serious issues to work out I think. The best proposal I've seen for improving Bitmessage has been a priority &amp; tally system.  It allowed users to prioritize messages from certain people and made it so that you could only send out messages based on storing and resending messages of other users, solving the currently useless proof-of-work function.
2) COIN MIXING - This is a big one, though I don't think its terribly difficult to accomplish.  With hundreds of known transactions going on, it might be possible to publically display CoinJoin transactions to use.  Allowing users to select lists of "Joined" transactions to mix their coins with, making it impossible to tell which coins went to which addresses.   Doesn't even matter if *every* transaction was illegal, you can't charge someone with a charge of "definitely committed a crime, just not sure which one."
In conclusion, I want this *yesterday* with a burning passion that is hard to iterate.  Its time to create a truly free marketplace that allows for BOTH anonymous Tor AND openly public businesses to operate on a decentralized platform.  This could set so many people free from economic tyranny that its rattles my brain, and it could also lead to Bitcoin's success in direct opposition to government regulation.  If people trust drug dealers on the black market, then they with trust battery makers, 3Dprinter manufacturers, programmers, server hosting, and anything and everything else.
Edit:  If someone could show that they are working on this actively I would be willing to donate some of my Bitcoin savings.
@_date: 2013-01-03 17:53:02
Down for me too and i have a chunk of BTC in my blockchain wallet.  Dont worry yet though, I'm sure they will be back up shortly with an explanation.  
@_date: 2013-12-14 17:05:15
"Involving the government to get sanctions to legally transact bitcoin is far superior than operating a grassroot under the table operation."
Well yeah, sort of.  This is only true because the governmet gets in the way first.  Theres nothing "in the shadows" about normal human trade without the government.  Its only when government makes something illegal and sends men with guns to enslave, kidnap, and violently remove those who disobey a very arbitrary and unnecessary set of rules that a beautiful and free thing like bitcoin has to end up "in the shadows."
Its similar to saying its better to swin in the small pool because I'm going to kick your ass if you swim in the big pool.  
In the long run it (bitcoin itself) doesnt really need or desire government approval.  The protocol itself operates no differently with or without any government permission or stamp.   Not to say acceptance wouldnt benefit the economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:04:59
I disagree, getting rich makes me more likely to buy stuff.  I just wait until what I want is a small percentage of my savings, because why would I spend all of my savings, whether its in dollars, silver, or seashells?  But when I can buy a car with less than 5% of my bitcoin holdings, I will be buying a car :).   -this seems like a plus and not a minus to me.  
@_date: 2013-02-03 18:05:00
Lol, it does seem like simple moral logic to have theft against the law doesn't it?  if that was actually the case though there would be no money printing, imminent domain, taxes, or fractional reserve banking.  Unfortunately for us, theft is very much legal in the US.
@_date: 2013-07-04 13:45:35
Where do we go to celebrate!!?  I want to get more at cheap prices :)   - I thought it wouldn't go back under a hundred for any significant amount of time.
@_date: 2013-08-25 21:56:33
Actually, "stuffing money under a mattress" is not bad for an economy.  Many politicians would probably love that you believed this.  it is the oldest excuse for endless debt and was loudly declared by governments and banks during every great economic collapse.  Soviet Russia, Zimbabwe, Roman Empire, Germany, France, Japan, and so on.  Just as it is loudly proclaimed today by the banks and governments in the US and across Europe.   Here I will simply refer you to the economic disaster we are currently going through as well as the debt-to-GDP levels.
Believe it or not, an economy with good savings is a healthy economy.  Though a free economy will judge its own price of saving money.  ( there is in fact a price for this) If interest rates are allowed to fluctuate then the economy finds equilibrium and when too much savings is present the interest rate lowers, which encourages people to make their large purchases and finally invest in the productive endeavors the economy needs most.  By saving money under a mattress or in a savings account, the earner is doing nothing but postponing a purchase.  And through supply and demand they actually raise the value of everyone else's earnings by temporarily removing theirs from the economy.  Also, the very nature of saving suggests that the individual is either seeking a more productive or more valuable purchase than is available today.  This makes it more likely that the money is spent on a truly valuable or innovative idea/product.  
I really don't want this to sound like i consider myself better than other people here because I don't.  But some people simply know more about certain topics because they spend more time on them.  I simply state this so you know im not pulling this out of my ass.  I study economic crises for fun.  My friends and co-workers think I'm weird for it and tend to get annoyed by how often i talk about it.  I've read in depth about 20-30 economic crashes both from a Keynesian and Austrian perspective.  I've read lightly about a great many more.   I'm not an economist but I can refer you to a great many of them who could explain this concept in far greater detail.
If you can find me a single economic collapse and/or dead currency that was caused by too many people "saving it" (without a state controlled interest rate which is simply price controls on renting money) then I will literally pay you what's in my cash bitcoin account (its around .32 btc) plus whatever is in my tip account.  I'm sure its very little but I will in fact do this if you can prove to me that too much savings destroyed economic productivity and/or caused a depression at any point in human history.  
@_date: 2013-09-18 21:39:00
Lol, I have to both agree and disagree.  Yes, it's kind of silly, but really the solution to our problems can only be found by in fact, taking our money out of the banks.  Otherwise, you are not only leaving your hard earned money in harms way (waiting for the next bail-in) but you are also clearly *not* looking for or participating in any kind of legitimate alternative.  It won't be found in a bank account. 
Honestly, I think this is a safe method of fighting the financial system and quite possibly the *only* thing that will effect them in any way.  I mean seriously, screaming about Wal-Mart's evils does nothing if you still shop there.  While it does seem a little silly it happens to be the only useful means of protest.
But you still made me giggle so up vote anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:55:45
The Internet will have roughly the same impact as the fax machine.  It can barely do anything right now and it will likely never be developed further.
@_date: 2013-04-23 17:01:03
I would be sad :( 
-posted from my ipad
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:33:29
That's not a bad thought.  had a friend suggest there needed to be something there as well.  I at first considered just having a bitcoin logo fade in/out with the beat but i might actually do something regarding inventions.
Had to post it here first, wanted some feedback before reworking, rendering, and uploading the whole thing again, lol.
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:20:31
i like "mits" and "mikes."
@_date: 2013-07-07 21:03:35
There is corruption and back room politics in every election.  Heard of Gerrymandering?  Or the trojan that changes electronic votes and then deletes itself... told by the guy who helped design it? The USA has some horrific history of election fraud and there are rules of practice in place that purposefully make the elections less accurate.  Not to mention those rules tend to change dramatically every time we have a new president... That should be a red flag.
Also, you are right that Hitler never won a "majority," but that's not the issue.  The Nazi Party did in fact win more votes than all of the others.  He was elected one way or the other.
TL;DR elections do not, in any way, prevent tyranny.
@_date: 2013-09-01 17:48:07
I wasn't really trying to critique your post.  I think you have every right to be upset, and I would certainly be as well.  I just don't think it's due to maliciousness and it makes no sense for the above commenter to claim the "invisible hand of the free market" should immediately shut them down.  I agree that they have acted poorly and that in the business of dealing with people's money, having it disappear should be considered the most serious malfunction and should be handled quickly with extreme care.
@_date: 2013-10-30 16:52:50
I first heard about bitcoin 2 years ago now.  Im still researching and reading about it everyday.  Here I am on my lunch break and all I can think to do is check out the bitcoin subreddit.
It never ends trust me.  Just buy some now and you'll thank yourself in 2 years, just like me :)   --- or you'll hate yourself for not selling everything you own and buying more... just like me :(
The Bitcoin world is a crazy one.
@_date: 2013-02-02 05:08:47
They dont have it listed anywhere and if you go through their withdrawal options it gives no mention of bitcoin.   What exactly made u think they were accepting it?
@_date: 2013-07-25 12:33:41
And you woud win either way.  I do think it will happen, but see no logical reason to bet *for* it since the nature of money production, and life would change drastically.
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:39:34
This is a problem that can actually pretty easily be solved by software designed to more widely broadcast transactions than your standard client/app.  This helps to ensure that the transaction has been seen by as many nodes as possible and making it far more difficult to double spend.  
Not to mention there are multiple other workarounds and solutions to this problem.  You are correct that it is sort of an issue/anoying today, but it is easily solved and i see very little reason that this would be a long term limitation of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-26 16:55:54
*Jeffrey* Tucker
@_date: 2013-01-25 05:44:20
@_date: 2013-02-21 13:12:31
A bank supporting bitcoin would be very similar to the MPAA releasing a BitTorrent client.  I find it very unlikely.
@_date: 2013-03-16 02:16:54
Taxes are not necessary for protection.  Security is not a single thing that can be provided only by a police force.  Taxation (theft) is not necessary to provide such services.  The home security systems don't force their buyers to pay.  In fact those people are willing to pay in addition to what they were already taxed for supposedly a service they should already be receiving. Whose to say police protection actually costs what the government pays for it?  The first time a person put a man into outer space with voluntary funding he did it for less than 10% of the cost that NASA requires and they had been doing it for over 40 years.  Why can a system of emergency response personnel and security professionals not possibly be more efficient or even slightly different from the ancient service government forces everyone pay for?  
 If i am to agree with your argument I must first accept your premise that productive society cannot exist without government and I see no reason to think this. Government is not a special group of people with special powers.  Whatever is true of people in general is true of people in government.  Whatever is true of scarcity and supply is true for government as well.  To challenge your premise, government is nothing more than the collection of transactions in which everyone is forced to pay rather than being free to disagree or trade with an alternative provider. 
 I completely agree that bitcoin and taxes are at odds with each other.  But I do not agree that to achieve progress and a high standard of living that we must deal with each other using violence, coercion, and threats of imprisonment.  I think progress could be achieved much faster and more efficiently if everyone was free to fund and/or participate in what he/she thought would work best and provide them with the best alternative.  Rather than having a few force everyone else to pay for "their plan" because no alternatives could possibly work or even exist. (Which again is your basic premise) 
 The more the alternatives, the greater chance for advancement and understanding.  This goes just the same for roads, police, dispute arbitration, and security as it does for food, computers, labor, and information.
@_date: 2013-10-21 17:02:15
I'm sorry, but your willing to give your social security number but think giving your ID is *too much?*
I know it sucks, but if you put up with having to give your life history to open a bank account or get a credit card, then why is it so difficult to give your banking info for some bitcoin?
Don't get me wrong, I completely understand the desire for privacy.  But this seems to be a deal breaker for you (I'm assuming from your comments) yet privacy is something you've probably never had in the financial industry as a whole for your entire life.  I wouldn't think it would be any more expected when you are removing your money from the banking system either.
Also, if you really want to privatize your coins, you can always use a mixer or coinjoin after buying them.  :)
@_date: 2013-05-23 00:27:58
I am going to have to disagree with (some) of this sentiment.  Bitcoin is valuable (as well as gold) for its utility and little else.  In both cases they make very efficient currencies due to a specific set of characteristics which I'm sure most of us know.  But we do *not* value it because of the labor put into it as you suggested at the beginning of the article.
Working in order to build something does not make it valuable.  I could spend my life building a giant cube of cinder blocks but that doesn't make it valuable.  literally any and all failed investments prove this.  People don't buy products based on the labor it cost to make it, but by the utility it can grant its user.  Bitcoin and gold are certainly no exception to this rule.
I *will* agree with you in that we have lost the ability to value ourselves.  That concept I find very intriguing, however, I believe the culprit should be obvious.  The source of the price distortion must stem from the only place where the lives, labor, and utility of men are traded without voluntary agreement.  Politics.
Politics is the means by which we destroy the markets ability to determine value by unbalancing the decision making process.  Rather than a decision to purchase or use a product based on the individual utility provided, the decision is between compliance, theft, or your life.  Every product, service, or regulation provided by government grants the citizen nothing more than the exact same choice between compliance, theft, or his/her life.
Imagine it as if you ran an experiment to test the effects of ibuprofen on bacteria and dumped a bottle of toilet cleaner into your control group.  Results would not be very accurate.
@_date: 2013-02-28 17:54:17
Plus, breaking the all-time high was in fact a bit of a milestone if you asked me. Its not like the posts come at every single dollar increment.  Granted I do agree, but when it breaks the all-time high for the entire history of bitcoin and there are just 2 or 3 posts on the frontpage of r/bitcoin about it, I'm not really going to be super bothered.  If the same thing happens at $34 and $35 and $36, then yeah it would get annoying.
In addition it could be easily fixed by the community simply down-voting those posts. So if we all actually agreed that no one wants to talk about bitcoin breaking through the all-time high from 2 years ago, then those posts wouldn't make it to the front page. ;)
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:39:57
It would be great if this was added to the reddit tipbot as well.  So people can tip in "meals."
@_date: 2013-09-17 11:40:00
This is why our money habits need to change.  Everything purchased for bitcoin should not have to be this great of a risk, being that only Paypal users have any recourse.
It should be a standard that any significant purchase in bitcoin be done through escrow.  This is better for both parties.  Responsible consumers, no chargebacks, little to no risk of fraud.
@_date: 2013-11-04 16:14:32
lol, I don't care if it was totally uninformed.  That made me laugh.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:15:15
Thanks so much man!  I shall never stop :)
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:32:56
They start wars all the time, they just never spend their own money doing it. 
@_date: 2013-02-28 19:26:57
Yeah these guys are fantastic.  Been using them for a while now and bought my brother a VPN as well for christmas. (BTW one of the best prices around too) I've never had connection problems except just once or twice but they have like 15 servers to pick from so you just select a different one and problem solved.  
Best thing about them is that they require nothing but an email address in order to receive the info to login to the VPN.  As anonymous as it can get, especially if you use Tormail like I do :)
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:49:49
I can see how that's certainly true, but i was simply going for the mystery and sense of revolution in this one.  Undoubted that I wouldnt want this style for the others, lol.  The merchant centered video I'm doing next will be far more "apple commercial" like.  I'm actually gathering a playlist of music just like you described :)
@_date: 2013-08-28 17:19:19
The miner has no moral obligation to return the coins.  You are correct here.  But if the miner is not a complete jackass then they would realize that someone has made an unfortunate mistake using a complex technology that is still young and unfamiliar to most.  In addition, the mistake was most likely made due to someone attempting to be overly secure with their bitcoin and not irresponsible.  Adding the change into the transaction fee is actually a default in the protocol.   Punching in wrong numbers on an auction website is a poor analogy to this situation.  
For the number of people who scream that bitcoin is only secure in a paper wallet and fail to mention this very present risk, I'm honestly surprised this doesn't happen more often.  I'm not a fan of paper wallets.  Putting a wallet on multiple USB drives, heavily encrypting it, and never connecting them to the internet is just as secure IMO. 
It's not the miners obligation to give it back, but saying they "should keep it," is a different notion.   I would like to think that anyone who has ever made a mistake in their lives would be willing to return the bitcoin to the original address if for no other reason than to ease a serious pain and prevent years of regret. 
@_date: 2013-03-23 00:18:45
It's one thing to disagree with OP's suggestion.  It's another thing entirely to verbally attack the guy and then insult an over generalized subset of random individuals.  I think the "Fuck You" is where things turned poor.  
Being excited about something and wanting to share it with others is not really that bad of a thing.  i suggest getting a glass of cool water and thinking happy thoughts :)
@_date: 2013-01-15 07:03:08
Essentially they are confirming that transactions included in the public ledger that is the blockchain are all valid, ensuring no one can create bitcoins arbitrarily, or send transactions from an address they do not own.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:43:26
Probably a lot of venture capitalists, fund managers, and other investors who had not previously heard of bitcoin until the recent media craze.
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:54:40
The suggestions were great and I'm super glad so many people liked the video!  I finished up a number of minor changes tonight and I've already started writing my next one.  You guys are the shit!
To The Moon!!! (0)
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:44:01
oh that's right i forgot!  its bitlisten.com now.  thnx ill fix that with the modifications.
@_date: 2013-07-13 12:08:24
Bitcoin already has the power to "liberate the poor."  Poverty is a consequence of controlled economies and massive friction on trade.  This is exactly the reason Satoshi could become so wealthy.  He has created a piece of software that could remove more friction and inefficiencies from the market than nearly any invention before it.  Giving away coins is nice and all, but he has done a far greater service by simply creating a fair, open, and global marketplace. 
Monetary Freedom?  Yeah, there's an app for that.