@_author: freestyleruk
@_date: 2012-09-29 11:17:55
I am glad someone else has postred on this subject.
I am also in the same situation, sent money, I have proof it left my account and went in the barclays account, this is one of the responses from Mt.Gox
"Our account is closed by barclays with out any notice to us and we do not have access to the funds and you are not the only user that is affected by this and this is already been escalated to our management and this is the time frame that we have for now. We kindly request you to wait until we resolve this issue. "
They just keep telling to wait until an undisclosed date, I can't believe the way this company operates, basically took my money and will not credit or refund. I need to find out what the legal situation is because surely a legimate business shouldn't be able to do this.
@_date: 2012-09-29 11:40:43
I don't agree though as I have evidence which I have shown them that the money went into their account but they don't want to know, it is not my fault that they have had there account closed, they should have a business process to deal with that kind of situation.
Banks don't close accounts without any notice unless it is something serious that has happened.
@_date: 2012-10-01 10:51:08
Yes first they said October 1st, now they are saying middle of October, what will they say next.
This can't be legal what they are doing and they have taken money and are just giving more and more excuses.
Sorry but I am extremely angry as I feel I have had my money stolen and it was an amount that I should be concerned about.
@_date: 2012-09-30 11:09:20
Good to see that some replies on here are not just being made from associates defending Mt.Gox :)
@_date: 2012-09-29 12:18:32
No they are not an insurance firm but they do handle money so they should understand the ins and out of money transfers and the implications, you don't get an account closed immediately unless something serious has happened.
I think anybody who waits for 2 weeks just to be told they are dealing with is going to get concerned, so how long do you wait 1 month, 6 months... what after that time they say the same thing.
I am sorry I just don't think it is good enough for a business that handles money, that is my opinion and I will stick to it.
@_date: 2012-09-30 11:05:37
I totally agree, I can't believe it would take this long (over 3 weeks for some customers to find out if money went into their account.
I just don't think they give a shit about customer care, well if they carry on this way good luck to them because I think you will find that customer care is important for a successful business.
They have issues for a while but they still have not even bothered to update the GBP deposit section on their website to remove the bank details and say not to use it, it is just pretty poort.
I won't ever use them again and I am sure many others will not, up to them if they don't care but it is not doing them any favours.