@_author: free593
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:28:10
I think that is an unfair characterization. Libertarians in my experience feel very deeply for others and it is the desire for justice which motivates their ideology. 
What happened to the victims of mt gox was horrible and unjust. My heart goes out to the people who lost everything and are in despair. Unfortunately many want to compound the injustice by adding yet more injustice by taking by force from others in the form of regulation etc as I kind of magic fix. This is what you see a lot of reaction against.
The victims of mt gox deserve our sympathy and support. This thread brings up a good point.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:11:05
Not at all. If you were left a large sum of money in an inheritance that was rightfully yours and it was stolen by the fund managers without you ever becoming aware of the theft, it would nonetheless be a great loss to you. You don't have to be conscious of it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:05:04
You would have made much more of a mistake than the other guy who chose a more reputable firm. He should have to pay for your mistake? I like that Erik can admit his mistakes and doesn't pretend to play the victim.
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:33:36
Peter Schiff, aspiring political ruler, says bitcoin savers are "greedy" (unlike gold savers of course), and glorifies the idea of centralized bankers controlling your money (albeit gold-backed) while ridiculing bitcoin; a decentralized currency controlled by no-one.
Peter is clearly emotionally (and financially) attached to gold and is a prime example himself of the irrational psychological weaknesses he accuses bitcoin advocates of possessing. Unlike Peter, most bitcoin advocates are open-minded: embracing both bitcoin and gold.
He totally got away with the "pyramid scheme" smear. He should know better. How else are bitcoins going to be spread out among the population if rich holders don't liquidate a portion of their holdings once in a while? That's what they are supposed to do! Otherwise bitcoin would be crippled, limited to being held by a select few.
@_date: 2013-12-05 00:28:04
I think Ron Paul would agree with you that the Fed is to blame. I don't think he meant to blame or criticize bitcoin. It seemed to me like he would prefer anything to the dollar and mentioned bitcoin as a possible contender. It's hard to get an idea of his current view on bitcoin from the brief quotes in the article. He has said in that past that he is not opposed to bitcoin, and admits he does not understand it.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:28:12
The concern ("Why spend bitcoin if it will be worth more tomorrow") is basically a result of Gresham's law, "Bad money drives out good". This is one of the reasons you don't see many people buying their groceries with gold or silver. They would rather spend their bad money (dollars) and keep their good money.
I don't think the logic of this concern is broken as stated ("Why spend bitcoin if it will be worth more tomorrow"). Nor can it easily be flipped around as merchants would have no reason to accept bitcoin if no one was spending it. So I think we have to address this concern head-on.
So how is bitcoin going to overcome Gresham's law and escape the same fate as gold and silver?
The answer, I think, is that bitcoin has so many stunning advantages which are so far above all preexisting forms of money that it could overcome the force of Gresham's law. In other words it is a form of "super money" to which Gresham's law does not apply.
I hope we are seeing this play out in actual spending behavior on the ground. I know that many people like me, while continuing to save bitcoin, are also spending it on everything we can in order to encourage its adoption. As more and more people do the same, I think that bitcoin could "escape gravity", overcome Gresham's law, and become the preferred form of money for general use.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:00:33
Awesome! A couple weeks ago I emailed Whole Foods and suggested that they get their cards on gyft.com, and also that they accept bitcoin. The manager was really cool and emailed me back a very hopeful response, so I'm thrilled to see this!