@_author: freediverx01
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:49:03
At least part of your point seems to be that Rand Paul needs to be pro-military in order to win the Republican nomination. I consider that a moot point since I don't think any sane person should vote for a Republican given how far to the right the party has shifted in the last few decades and how destructive their policies have been to the country. 
My point is that there is no sane person on that side of the political fence and that it's counterproductive to fawn over a Republican any time he/she expresses a rare moderate position on a controversial topic.
We have plenty of shit sandwiches to contend with on the Democratic side of the political spectrum without bringing Republican candidates into the conversation.
Edit: "most of the country is so Gung-Ho war hungry" Really? The last time I checked, more than half of the country is sick and tired of offshore military engagements that lack a) a moral high ground, b) an exit strategy, and c) positive results. Most of the country is demanding sharp cutbacks in military interventions.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:22:34
Libertarianism can seem appealing at first glance, but deep down it's all about social darwinism and letting anyone (including corporations and the wealthy) do whatever they want, even if it's to the detriment of society as a whole.
Libertarians are against regulations to protect against abuses of the environment, workplace safety/wages/discrimination, racial and sexual discrimination, etc.
It's about every man for himself, an fuck the rest.
   
@_date: 2015-05-21 20:55:28
News Flash: Rand Paul wants everything to be tax free. He's an anti-government libertarian, remember?
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:16:59
"Taxing the 1% heavier" is what expanded and maintained our country's middle class for decades. It was only after massive tax cuts and exceptions for the wealthy starting around the time of the Reagan administration that we saw a monumental redistribution of wealth from the middle class to the wealthy.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:28:34
Your comment seems to make the assumption that increased military spending is required in order to provide for the national defense. That is precisely what is wrong about this debate. The United States spends more on the military than all of its allies combined, and a great deal of that expenditure is wasted in far more egregious ways than the most notorious "welfare queen."
A relatively tiny cut to the military could fund government programs to ensure universal healthcare and elevate many from poverty. That alone would result in a boost to the economy at large, since the poor and middle class will readily spend any additional income while the wealthy will only sock it away in tax-sheltered accounts.
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:24:52
Rand Paul has noteworthy positions on only two topics: the drug war and government surveillance.
On everything else he supports a toxic mix of Republican and Tea Party values. 
Oh and by the way, he's fervently against Net Neutrality.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:34:03
The problem with Rand Paul's "small government" ideology is that it rejects many essential government programs that protect our society against abuses by the greedy and powerful while promoting the idea of a regressive, flat tax structure that would exacerbate wealth inequality. 
While I agree that we have a lot of government waste and bureaucracy, my view is that we should work towards improving these services while the libertarian approach is to destroy them. One need only look to our country's recent history to make a compelling argument against the notion that lower taxes for the rich and less regulation for corporations have had positive results for the majority of Americans.
Incidentally, while I disagree with your ideology, I appreciate your ability to engage in a civil discourse. If we had more of this in politics I think our country could come together and have more productive debates about government policies.
@_date: 2017-03-31 13:38:22
Bullshit. Microsoft has always enthusiastically volunteered to help the government and enterprise clients spy on their users.
@_date: 2017-03-31 13:40:40
And then Republicans hailed the person responsible as a patriot and a hero and Reagan gave him a pardon.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:00:07
Also, don't think of this as a handout to the middle class and the poor. That vibrant middle class created a huge market for goods and services that propelled the country's economy and elevated most everyone's wealth (except, for the most part, the poor.)