@_author: freedomingeneral
@_date: 2019-12-17 16:16:58
Speculation/Stocks. 11% or less of Bitcoin/Crypto usage is actual transaction; rest is typically held for a growing investment.
@_date: 2019-12-17 16:55:13
I don’t see “arguably” for 1,2 and 5.
Depreciation of the US dollar is the outcome. 
When a dollar is worth a few cents; and you need to spend 560 dollars to buy your lunch... 
Alternative is a exchangeable value of greater worth. BTC or Sato fractions.
Greater acceptance of this as valued trade from more vendors or markets will only increase its worthiness.
A dime won’t get you a coca-cola anymore.
A dollar won’t get your bag of chips.
Your 99c store will becomes 1.29 store or holds less valued items.
It’s a depreciation that is inevitable.
And  OP touched on a reword that I found was suited nicely. Censorship or restrain on finances.
Complying with Banks with government ownership only leaves you subject to their rules and regulation as they see fit; ready and willing to change that TOS at any time without your approval. As every chain may be traced; there is no power of them not allowing you to use it. EX: IRS collection; Frozen accounts; etc.
A comforting feeling knowing that no one can take what is yours.
In my imagination; a currency used by the government, but not created by the government, with no government regulation, leaves overspending on black/unreported projects a much more difficult thing to do. Leaving the the people governed less affected by Leadership Overspending. 
I do believe  would be a notation to Inflation; purposely augmented market values; and taxation, in my eyes, this is what calls to me. 
Yes; it needs to hit 1,000,000 to become a true valued currency, in the eyes of the market.
But, i just paid for a whole ass tattoo last week, with bitcoin, Satos really. They were more excited about the Bitcoin than a cash transaction. This will be less rare as we continue.
There’s so many plus sides to this in the world we live in now; I don’t think I have the time to write it all out.