@_author: freedomee_
@_date: 2018-06-09 09:38:54
Hey OP.
I went through a similar situation, with about half of your amount on my bitfinex account a few months ago.
However I was able to resolve it very fast in a few days, and it went very smooth.
The reason I believe for bitfinex to act in such way, is because they have a lot of pressure from different authority to control their users, and because they didn't do it properly in the past, it has led them to getting bank accounts frozen which have halted their operations etc. So they need to follow every rule of the book unfortunately, which can cause alot of delays, im not defending them im just saying im almost certain you will get everything back, why?
They are a multi billion dollar company, your money is just a little piss in the ocean for them ( no offense ) their reputation is way more important than just "scamming" someone of a few million dollars.
For someone who haven't run a successful business or have been investing large into anything, these people will never understand the importance of upholding a reputation and how crucial it is, especially for a company like bitfinex.
Bitfinex is a company that have been targeted heavily by FUd, but me myself(and friends with big amounts of BTC) have never had any issues, even when they got hacked in the past they payed back and did right.
(Yes yes some people believe they didn't get hacked and it was fake I know, but I also know that the best hackers in the world are constantly targeting sites like these and all exchanges most likely got hacked at some point)
I have been using my account on bitfinex for a very long time, I believe my first account was created in 2012, and I know for a fact that me along with other hodlers have been using their services without any issues whatsoever.
  
These issues that recently happend with all the KYC stuff going on, is simply to cover their own asses, which they must or they risk huge legal problems.
To the OP:
When they can conclude you are legit, that you have payed tax in ur country(yes this part is the most important for them, that you have payed taxes) than im sure they will unlock your account.
Meanwhile my advice is, just keep on contacting them, send 1 mail every day if necessary. Its nothing strange about doing that, you have alot of money on the line.
If you still don't get any response I would turn to some lawyer for further assistance.
Please keep us updated.