@_author: fremen13
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:49:29
So then I guess when people talk about bitcoin as the protocol network versus the currency it's a completely different conversation than what Krugman is trying to make it.   He probably is just looking at it as a currency (which I don't think is completely wrong) but it's more and he should probably learn more about that *unless* the only thing he cares about is bitcoin as a currency.   Talking about the currency not the network protocol isn't illegal or dishonest or anything IMO (especially since he doesn't even say anything bad about bitcoin in his article). It's like if someone wrote a review of the new Avengers movie and someone criticizes it using the comic books IMO.   
@_date: 2015-05-11 12:59:02
Is that serious?   1.21GW is an absolute fuckload of power 
@_date: 2013-12-30 00:03:05
Wait you never actually said why his argument that bit coin has no inherent value is wrong.  What gives it value other than being able to use it for transactions? 
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:24:39


Dude, you can say something would help our economy but still not crave that thing.    
That's like saying, "geez, if I didn't have arms they wouldn't be so sore from my workout yesterday!" and translating that into "I crave to double amputate my arms today after work"
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:06:35
I think it's fine.   The public that doesn't understand bitcoin shouldn't use and support it.   People like you that learned about it are the ones who should figure out the best uses for the network protocol and all the other implications that bitcoin really has.  As far as I can tell it's in an infant stage of wild fluctuation and the world is being inconsistent with regards to how bitcoin is to be trated by current institutions and we just have to give it time to figure out what the actual uses are (bitcoin as I see it is the start of something that can be very big).   
Since it is in such a new and developing stage, I think it's actually really smart to not invest in it because no one has ever seen or implemented anything like it before.   If we are looking at it the way you'd look at a currency (which a lot of bitcoin enthusiasts think it is) then Krugman is right IMO.    
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:34:23
I don't understand what you guys are talking about but you seem to be the only ones discussing Krugman's actual question about bitcoins so could you ELI5 maybe?    
It seems like what you are saying is that because the people who make bitcoins are invested in staying with the bitcoin protocol (like their address/type of address?) there is a price floor.   That price floor is the value of the work done by miners?   
@_date: 2013-12-30 21:54:23
I agree, I just guess most people on this subreddit really don't want to hear that (which is what Krugman was saying about normative statements lol).  It's kind of funny how posts like this just confirm his argument and everyone in the thread thinks they bashed him so good.  
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:26:27
Is that what 4chan is?
@_date: 2013-12-30 01:47:34
Did you read the article?   His title is a self reference about how people shouldn't start with normative assumptions to make economic arguments.  
So...there's that.  
Also please argue against his point that there is nothing that gives bitcoin inherent value (which is literally the only question he has about it that bitcoin enthusiasts can't answer) so that *I* can be educated as to why you are right and he is wrong.  
@_date: 2013-12-30 16:52:07
So it sounds like you agree with Krugman on this one? 
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:30:56
Wow!   Thanks for responding, I'm a little stoned myself so bear with me here (my team won today too, pats fan myself).  
I 100% love the idea of bitcoin myself and I personally was just trying to get to what Krugman was saying.   I didn't myself read the full threads of responses to my posts (I only respond when interested :/) but I'm really glad you took the time to expand.  Honestly, I just wanna say that I am not really supporting Krugman's normative statement that bitcoin is bad if he's saying that (which IMO is the opposite of the point he's making in his post).
I am super interested in two ideas, one that bitcoin is secure and one that it is transparent.   
1)  You say that you can "sufficiently secure" your wallet and I'm just wondering why that's more secure than a storage facility you could drive to for example?   I don't really have an opinion on this but I don't see why one is inherently more or less secure, I've had stuff stolen in real life and over the internet before. 
2)  How far reaching is the transparency that bit coin gives you?  Do you know the identity of everyone who's traded a coin?   Can this be used in, for example, criminal investigations or something like discovering child pornography scandals?    I feel like this is a HUGE, absolutely gigantic selling point to the currency that people don't talk about then.   This means that 100% of the bitcoin transactions are at least on the surface legitimate since people wouldn't make trades they wouldn't want to be discovered and you can use it to track criminals and the black market.   I like this idea since it can really clean up bitcoin's perception in society. 
Also, phanpp and ideadude (or something like that) talk about Krugman's acutal point way deep in the comments: 
I don't understand what it means though, but I guess that addresses Krugman's point about there being no floor on value for the bitcoin.  If you understand their conversation I think that's what I'm actually trying to talk about (maybe you could explain?) 
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:36:48
That is a good way to put it I'm surprised that Krugman hasn't found someone to explain the tech side of it to him (although it's 100% conceivable he just hasn't met anyone who has told him the details about why the network gives bitcoins inherent value).   
Honestly, given the opinions of people on threads like these (and ones in and r/libertarian) it's pretty obvious most people who like to naysay about him do exactly what they don't like about him. 
 
For example, you said "His newest article is actually titled "Bitcoin is Evil." Does that deserve refutation as well?"   
You literally proved his point for him when you said this and you are really contradicting your own criticism of him when you say things like "It's also clear that he hasn't read Satoshi's white paper yet, and he is the primary source of information about Bitcoin for a whole lot of people.
I know as much about Paul Krugman as he does about Bitcoin, and I think he's a dickwad."
It's just a bunch of ad hominem which in your mind might establish ethos but to an impartial observer (I don't care either way about bitcoins honestly) it seems immature and given his "Bitcoins are evil" article shows him to be the more publicly honest about his policy opinions.
Just my 2 cents...
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:36:40
Thanks for responding I don't really have any more questions you were pretty coherent after beers lol