@_author: frenchiefanatique
@_date: 2018-01-08 13:40:37
one of the fundamental problems with bitcoin, at least from an economic development perspective, and within the framework of our current global economic system that is growth focused, is that it is a finite asset. 
LET ME EXPLAIN before you downvote me. 
While I am sure all of you know this, the main way that you achieve economic growth is through taking out loans and debt from some source of capital (banks, investors, stockholders, whatever) and investing that money into projects that (ideally, in a perfect world) return more money than the cost of the loan/debt (generally, interest rates). THIS system requires the creation of money and the flexibility of institutions to 'print' money that they may not have so that they can give it to you so that you can start your business/whatever, and so that your business is allowed to grow at least in the very early stages when you may not be making a profit. this is called the debt-driven growth model, and to be perfectly fair, while it has serious draw-backs that im sure many of you are familiar with, it has been a hallmark of the last 30-40 years (since the dollar-gold peg was removed) of very solid and aggressive economic growth. this cannot be disputed, this is a fact. 
IF we want to see the same amount of Economic global growth, if we want to see people getting more and more wealthy, whether they are rich or poor to begin with, how does the finite characteristic of bitcoin help? that money that was being created 'out of thin air' that has helped fuel the economic growth engine, where would it come from in a world where the entire international monetary system is tied to bitcoin? These are the questions that we should be asking. Instead of trying to educate people on the injustices of the current economic financial system, we need to be able to sell bitcoin as a different way to achieve the same means -- growth (unless of course we are content with no growth, but that is another conversation entirely), and right now I dont see a way to achieve the same rate of wealth generation that uses bitcoin. 
One could argue that the periods of the gold standard and bretton woods economic systems were periods where there was a finite resource upon which the system was founded on, gold, but you can't ignore the fact  that more growth occurred after the abandonment of the bretton woods system and the introduction of monetary policy independence (the authority for central banks to print money without disrupting the rest of the world, basically).
@_date: 2017-12-30 11:25:55
The solution is rather straightforward..travel bruh
@_date: 2018-09-23 22:28:04
False, the more people think this is true the less people will buy in before it crosses it 
@_date: 2018-08-27 16:12:33
this reminds me of the "Minsky Cycle" that is created through several "Minsky Moments" that can be observed in investment economics and is widely used as a reason behind the recent financial crisis of 2008
@_date: 2019-03-13 22:38:02
I dont think you understand that the main mandate of the federal reserve (and essentially all central banks around the world) is to prevent inflation. Interest rates should absolutely not be natural in any way shape or form, you can just look at the US inflation rates before Volcker became fed chairman and started 'inflation targeting'. He was the first US fed chairman to actively use interest rate policy to reign in inflation, and ever since inflation has been under control.
Oligarchy? fine, call them an oligarchy but they have no special interests other than to look out for what is best for the domestic economy. they are (at least in theory) politically independent and therefore do not bow to the whims of foolish presidents/leaders who don't have the time to fully understand the impact of their policies. 
The goverment should absolutely NOT be the one who prints its own currency as then there is a HUGE risk that the government will just print away its debts (if its lucky enough to have its debts denominated in its own currency). If this happens then inflation WILL hit hard since they are irresponsibly increasing the money supply. 
But you are right, there are many ways to counter downturns ---- but a downturn can take many forms, and the form it took in 2008 stemmed from the financial sector and the actions of the federal reserve extended far beyond setting the interest rate -- in fact, the interest rate was one of the first tools used, and then they hit what is known as the Zero Level Bound when short term interest rates (the federal funds rate) is 0. the buyback of the junk bonds through various programs as well as quantitative easing and forward guidance were the main tools that the fed used to prevent the crisis from really getting out of hand. These are actions only a central bank can do. if you want to see an example of a central bank that acted 'too late' then look no further than the ECB -- they acted 'late' which allowed the crisis to exacerbate the sovereign debt crises that then swept through europe.
Do I have to remind you that since the 2008 financial crisis the US economy has been on its longest bull run in history? 
Also the argument that the fed didn't adjust the FF rate quickly enough after the dot com bubble is complete bullshit. they raised it from 1.00 in May 2004 to about 5 in June of 2006 
@_date: 2018-10-13 11:48:11
it won't replace them. the most it will do is emerge as a complementary currency
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:11:09
Would Elon, whose humanitarian side of his mission is to reduce carbon emissions, accept bitcoin, the mining process of which consumes about as much energy as nigeria (and just less than denmark)? 
Wouldn't that be counter to his mission?
source: 
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:21:59
why would i pay someone in BTC when I have to eat a ridiculous transaction fee 
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:09:43
haha mate i think your fat ass head is blinding you to the fact that I am asking a question. don't waste my time by replying if you're not going to at least attempt to answer. 
@_date: 2018-02-21 13:37:27
there are allegations that the increase in circulating supply of tether is responsible for BTC price increases, i forget over what period of time but the analysis that i saw (granted it was an anonymous report not backed by any institution) claimed that tether could potentially be propping up BTC. if this is true this means that BTC is artificially inflated, which therefore means that all other alt coins are also artificially inflated since the only way to buy alt coins atm is through btc (generally). 
if USDT turns out to be bust, we could see a massive, massive correction across the entire space. This is why i consolidated all my alts save a few into BTC and set up a sell order on gdax so that if shit does hit the fan, my BTC will turn into fiat automatically, and I advise everyone to do the same 
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:28:15
haha i can imagine its hard for these people to care
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:16:41
and if everyone sells now because they think it'll go down then...it will go down because people are selling
boom. 
@_date: 2019-05-06 14:54:51
lol Hayek was one of the masterminds of neoliberalism, the very force that bitcoin attempts to counter
@_date: 2019-05-07 03:52:10
Look up the Chicago boys. He and Friedman were the first ones to really push neoliberal policies on governments around the world