@_author: frenchdave
@_date: 2018-10-18 08:14:39
I also started late, but I will give some thoughts.  
I think that:  
 \- Each date corresponds to 1 letter, that would give the 12 words around 5-6 letters each  
 \- The number either gives the position of the letter in the name / place / event / object the date refers to, or refers to a position in a list of names / places / events / object, and then the first letter of the entry at the position would be taken.  
 \- All the dates must refer to the same type of data in a "unique" way. I mean one date cannot be the death of a president, and another the birth of an olympic player.   
 \- Most probably, all dates should be find in the same site / book / place.  
 \- Knowing that OP is in the betting field, the dates could refer to something sports related (Player trades? Winner of games played? Deaths?). It cannot be births, because some dates are really close to us. I tried most of what I thought, but was not able to find a common link between all the dates yet.  
 \- The Rain Man hint could be the baseball trade date...  
I'd be glad if this helps someone solving the puzzle. Just in case, here is my address 1DhFsgAWk4w52o9Z9RUekCwtJgb4ZzyyJR  
@_date: 2018-12-11 09:22:25
The drawbacks listed in this post are  being worked on by several coins to try and find a solution.  
1. There is almost zero acceptance today because of the transaction time and the price volatility, which combined, makes it difficult for merchants to accept using crypto currencies.   
2. Even today, it's better to put the savings in places where you will "gain" some value. So, fiat or crypto will be at the same level on this point. Depending where you live, it's better to put your money in life insurance, in  a house, or whatever that is not just "sitting on your account".  
3. Proof of stake is the way to reduce electrical energy for crypto currencies. But also, don't forget how much it costs for a bank to ba a bank (ATMs, buildings, IT, transportation for people to work at this bank, etc....)  
4. It is not safe to keep anything on exchanges. It's like giving your physical money for someone you barely know to look after it...  
I believe some projects, such as [graft.network]( are trying to solve those different issues, and even more that are not listed in this post. I believe Real Time Authorization is one of the most important today.
@_date: 2018-12-11 09:55:32
The world needs something "like" bitcoin, that is for sure. But can bitcoin, in its actual state answer what the world needs?  
I believe Merchant would adopt crypto currency massively only if:
 \- the fees would be lower than the actual fees for equivalent services (Visa, mastercard for example)  
 \- the transactions would be instant (within a few seconds), not hours long
 \- the merchant could offer several currencies using the same backbone, not a different one for each main coin (BTC, ETH, ...)
 \- the merchant could choose to be always paid in the same currency, even though the buyer uses a different one (such as paying in dollars in a European country, the bank plays the role of exchange broker)
Projects such as [graft.network]( are currently working on those different exact points in partnership with Verifone ([ so it's not surprising to see such projects gaining big attention now.
@_date: 2018-12-11 12:34:55
Maybe partnership is not the correct word, but this is a true decentralized system.   
The app is featured in verifone's marketplace, and verifone refers to it as being the solution they will provide at POS. But graft won't be available only in Verifone's terminal, but also in Ingenico's, and on many only stores (such as shopify)  
Centralisation means that everything is going through one point. This is not the case with graft.   
The source code is available at any time to check this fact.