@_author: frnklfrwsr
@_date: 2018-04-29 18:16:30
Just because something had time and effort put into making it, doesn't mean it has value. 
Just because there's a limited quantity of something, doesn't mean it has value. 
Just because something is hard to counterfeit, doesn't mean it has value. 
I could work really hard on a shitty macaroni painting and it's virtually guaranteed to be worthless despite a lot of work going into it, it being rare, and extremely difficult for anyone to reproduce exactly. 
All those factors of rarity, ease of counterfeiting and cost to produce will affect the value if it has value. But none of them make it have value in the first place. 
Commodities that have intrinsic value through their use have already proven they aren't worthless. A bushel of corn can be eaten. A barrel of oil can be refined into various goods to be sold.
But a unit of a crypto currency or a normal fiat currency has no intrinsic value. You can't eat it. You can't do something to it to turn it into a good that can be sold. The only thing that makes it not worthless is that other people are willing to accept it in exchange for goods/services.
And the Dollar will always be accepted by the Federal Government for paying taxes even if it's not accepted anywhere else. There's no huge entity like that guaranteed to accept any crypto for the foreseeable future. Some individual companies might accept crypto but companies go in and out of existence on the regular.
**So tldr; the only thing that makes any fiat currency (including cryptos) worth more than 0, is the willingness of others to accept it in exchange for goods/services. Rarity, cost of production, and difficulty of counterfeiting affect its value but none of those things can make it worth more than zero by themselves.**
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:42:33
The fact that Bitcoin is virtually immune to counterfeiting is a neat feature. But has close to nothing to do with intrinsic value of a currency. 
It is exceedingly difficult to counterfeit large quantities of any major currency. Maybe it's even harder to do with BitCoin but it hasn't become so massive a problem with traditional currencies that this is some huge differentiator. 
When people are criticizing the dollar and the federal reserve system, "it's too easy to counterfeit" is rarely an argument I've ever even seen attempted.
In the end, it's all fiat currency that only has value if there's someone else willing to give you a good or service in exchange for it.
And for BitCoin, there is no one entity out there that is guaranteed to always accept Bitcoin for goods and services. Some individual business may promise to do so, but businesses go bankrupt and cease to exist all the time. 
For the American Dollar, you can be certain there will always be one entity that will always accept the dollar. That is, the Federal Government. And since everyone has to pay taxes, and dollars is the only form of currency the IRS accepts, as long as the US exists and taxes exists you know for sure at least one very large entity will always accept dollars. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:48:12
"Rare commodity" doesn't give anything value. You can create a rare commodity super easily. 
Cut off a few strands of your hair. This is now a rare commodity. It's unique, no other hair out there contains your DNA. Can't be easily counterfeited. Can't be reproduced except for by you. And now go ahead and offer them for sale to people. It's a rare commodity! There's only a small number of these hairs in existence!
A rare commodity only has value if a bunch of humans agree it has value. Unless it has intrinsic value by itself as a good. Like a can of beans can be used as currency but has intrinsic value as a meal.
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:20:48
Can someone explain to me what bcash even is? I've been accused of being a shill for whatever it is and I'd like to know wtf that even is.
I'm relatively familiar with Bitcoin and how cryptocurrencies work in general but I haven't even heard of 90% of the currencies out there.
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:03:51
True. Ever tried making a living as a painter? Unless you're a super-famous painter, you're not going to sell a lot of paintings based on how much labor it took to make them. You'll sell some. But not many. 
Now imagine a whole economy based on that. Where prices are set based off of labor instead of supply and demand. We would all be living like starving artists. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:44:07
I spent a really long time making a macaroni painting. Literally took me hours of labor. 
I think it should have value because I spent a lot of time working on it.
It's not a particularly good macaroni painting. But it took a lot of labor to make it. Therefore it must have intrinsic value. 
/s 
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:59:26
K I didn't even know what bcash was until I researched it just now. 
I'm just generally skeptical that any crypto will replace actual normal currency. 
Cryptos have their uses. But even comparing them to regular currency is an exercise in futility. I don't give a shit if it's regular Bitcoin or bcash. They're not replacing the dollar or the euro for the foreseeable future. That's just my opinion. 
So how about go fuck yourself for assuming I'm a bcash shill when I've never even fucking heard of bcash until now.
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:55:17
K well I'm just generally a crypto skeptic. I feel like cryptos definitely have a use in society, and can do some really neat things, and the underlying blockchain technology is revolutionary. But I'm skeptical that any crypto of any kind would ever seriously compete with a government issued currency from a developed country. 
Sure it'll be a great alternative in countries like Zimbabwe and Venezuela where their official currency is so fucked it's close to useless. 
But for the foreseeable future, it's not going to compete with the Dollar or the Euro or the Yen or even the Yuan. That's just my opinion. 
I don't give a shit whether it's Bcash or Bitcoin the original. These things have uses. But anyone saying they're going to replace normal currency I feel like is living a bit of a fantasy. 