@_author: frognosticator
@_date: 2014-06-18 23:57:45
Chick-fil-a's growth had more to do with the quality of its product and the message of its CEO. It had almost nothing to do with its sponsorship.
And the Peach Bowl was a major bowl long before the BCS was ever conceived. It started in 1968 and has always been a major tie-in for the SEC.
I think you're editorializing history a little bit.
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:24:05
I mean, it's kind of cool if you like BitCoin. If BitPay has the money to do this, it probably makes sense for them, and as a fan of college football i prefer Bitcoin as a sponsor to, say, Papajohns.com.
I just think there's some overreaction in this thread.
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:26:58
LOL, I mean, I actually really like Akron. Your mascot is a kangaroo, for crying out loud! In Ohio!
But yeah, I'd be lying if I said I would watch them in a bowl game.
@_date: 2014-06-18 20:14:57
Well, it's really not. 
All of the bowl games that comprise college football's post-season have corporate sponsors that put up the cash to fund the game. Most of the companies that do this are huge. For example, there's the Discover Orange Bowl and the AT&amp;T Cotton Bowl. Those companies pay tens of millions of dollars to entertain and lodge the two teams, their coaches, and their bands for about a week. In return, the companies get to advertise their product in the bowl's name and in commercials when the game airs.
So, from one perspective, someone could look at this and say that since Bitcoin now sponsors a bowl, they're a "real" company like Valero, or Belk, or Vizio, or any of the other three dozen companies that sponsor these things. And that's what Bitcoin is trying to buy here: legitimacy in the minds of people who watch sports.
The problem is, there's a huge difference in the quality of these bowls, and in the quality of the bowl sponsors. Millions of people care about the Rose Bowl, the Cotton Bowl, the Sugar Bowl, and the Orange Bowl. The Peach Bowl, the Fiesta Bowl, and the Citrus Bowl are also big name properties. Those games have been around for decades, and the Rose Bowl is over a century old. They can recruit great teams to play in them every year because of their prestige, and since they're played on January 1, a national holiday, their viewership are huge. In addition, teams that win one of these bowls have the chance to play in the national championship game (the specific tie-in  games rotate every year).
But the St. Petersburg Bowl is not one of these games. It's one of roughly two dozen games that make up the second tier of the college football post-season. The teams that play in these bowl often finished the season around .500 or slightly better, and and many of them are kind of a joke with college football fans. Michigan vs. UCLA in the Rose Bowl is a big deal, but no one really cares about Florida Atlantic vs. Akron in the TaxSlayer.com Bowl.
Bitcoin will get some attention from this. But keep in mind that businesses that sponsor bowl games go out of business or fail all the time. Just a few years ago, this same bowl game was sponsored by MagicJack.