@_author: froghero2
@_date: 2019-01-01 03:48:45
ContraPoints has a detailed video describing how he "wins" his arguments against his opponents. He uses fluffy analogies to get people to fill in the blank, whilst never directly stating his point. It's a very impressive tactic because it's difficult to immediately pinpoint the fallacies he's making. Adding that he is a charismatic speaker, it's near impossible to identify where the debate got tampered even for critical viewers.
One of the many examples Contrapoint points out is JP's use of the word "postmodern Neo-Marxism" to mean everything from Marxists to feminists and SJW. The actual definition of Marxism and postmodernism are the philosophy to do with a grand narrative for humans and the latter being skeptical about a grand narrative. By confusing his usage of the word, he brings out an argument that can capture the gender-equality political movement as an "Marxist" agenda.
@_date: 2019-01-01 12:28:22
u/CiDevant posted this and it gives a good description of a frivolous lawsuit:
\&gt; In law, frivolous litigation is the practice of starting or carrying on  lawsuits that, due to their lack of legal merit, have little to no  chance of being won. The term does not include cases that may be lost  due to other matters not related to legal merit. While colloquially, a  person may term a lawsuit to be frivolous if he or she personally finds a  claim to be absurd, in legal usage "frivolous litigation" consists of a  claim or defense that is presented where the party (or the party's  legal counsel) had reason to know that the claim or defense was  manifestly insufficient or futile.\[citation needed\] **The fact that a claim is lost does not imply that it was frivolous.**
So a person of power can always start and drag on a legal battle (and even win!) even though the lawsuit itself is absurd.
One example of a proper libel lawsuit is some famous dude in UK (can't remember his name) who had paparazzi taking photos of his sex kink of him and other girls dressed up in Nazi-ish cosplays for role-play. The tabloid then labeled him as a secret Nazi. This is a valid thing to sue the tabloid for, because he wasn't a Nazi, but the defamation was enough to damage his career and relationships.
In JP's case, he is suing a person for labelling him as a misogynist. He claims he isn't one, but his talk he heavily implies this by bringing up an agreeable but loosely related fact in the context of a political debate about under-representation of women. All his implied claims add up to show his opinions like "There shouldn't be a feminist or LGBT movement", "Christians should be able to have freedom of speech against LGBT, but don't give them human rights protection that makes us liable for our words". He obviously doesn't say this, he uses words like "Marxist (feminist activists)", "Is it natural?", "Why can't Christians express their freedom of speech?".
So his lawsuit isn't there to claim he doesn't hold those views, but rather to silence people from labelling and identifying his opinions.