@_author: frogma
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:05:11


That was kinda his main point... you're basically saying that the USD is valued as it is... because it already *is*. And that's also your justification for why it should be valued as such. Don't get me wrong -- it's a strong justification in its own right, because spending *is* based on futures, in general. 
But nothing in your comment disagrees with the fact that bitcoin could eventually have that same sort of value in the "real world." The other guy was making a joke about the gold standard, but the joke holds true -- weren't people worried about erasing the gold standard at the time? 


I took a few econ classes in college (though, unfortunately, they were all 101/201/301 classes), but my take-away from it is that a "managed currency" is vital to our economy simply because it already has been in the past, and we're used to it -- more importantly, the *government* is used to it. 


Don't you think the gold supporters were thinking the same thing before paper currency was developed? 
I guess my main issue with your argument is that I'm now starting to think bitcoin will hit 15-20k by the end of the year, regardless of any news or anything else. It's gonna make that mark simply because of the amount of people using it -- and also partly because various Asian nations are starting to accept it as a form of currency. At this point, I honestly think even if there's some *bad* news, it'll just cause the price to bounce back even higher after the dust settles. 
Just keep in mind (as reference) -- I currently have no money in bitcoin, so none of this is personally relevant to me right now (and even back in the day, I only made like a 100 bucks from it). But I'll still stand by my statement that it's gonna hit above 15k by December 31st -- though now it looks more like it'll hit 20k, just because (IMO) everyone's about to put more money in, just cuz they wanna see how high it can go.
In the short-term, I think there's a bit of a bubble, but even if the supposed bubble pops, bitcoin's only gonna drop down to like 6k, if that. It simply has too many backers at this point to drop down any lower than that. 
Again though, I'm saying that as someone who never made any money from bitcoin, and I'm sincerely hoping it drops to like 2k or something. But realistically -- no, it's too late at this point. Once a stock like Apple or Microsoft picked up steam as a stock, did the stock ever drop to like 5% of what it had previously hit? I'm not gonna google it to find out, but I'd assume the answer is no (I'm not talking about the *very* beginnings of the stocks, where I'm sure they constantly fluctuated -- I'm talking about after they were somewhat established). Did they ever drop that far? No -- I just googled Apple's stock history. It dropped to 25% of what it was, temporarily, and then shot up like a rocket afterward. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:25:36
I think there will be a correction (maybe even a "major" one, that drops the value like 50%), but I really don't think it's a "bubble." Main reason is because nobody's borrowing money that they don't have (which is what caused the housing bubble). In 99.9% of cases, people are putting actual money into it, and the amount of people is growing exponentially, which is why the price of bitcoin is growing exponentially. There's *actual* money backing it, not just "loans" or whatever bullshit. The price can still drop if there's "bad news" about it, or some shit, but since the money is real, that means the price is real, too. At this point, the only thing that'll cause a huge price-drop is if a huge amount of people decide to withdraw, all at once. Which is possible, but IMO isn't gonna happen any time soon. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:58:02


I honestly don't know either. Bitcoin could drop 50% in the next hour, literally, so it's hard to define what a "bubble pop" would be. If it dropped 50% today and *stayed* there for a few months, then I would call these current gains a "bubble," I guess. In the early days of bitcoin, there were a ton of bubbles that popped. Now, though, I think it's an entirely different situation. 
I still think there will be a correction (and that correction could be 50%, even) but I wouldn't consider that to be a bubble being popped.  I wouldn't define a "bubble" by the amount of money that's lost. I'd define it by the *reason* for the money being lost in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:11:29
Different guy here, but yeah -- IMO, a *huge* part of bitcoin's rise is the fact that various Asian countries are starting to use it as legal tender. That's also why you can look at the current price of bitcoin on an index and see it going up, even if it's like 4 am in whatever American city -- it's because various Asian countries/companies are dealing in bitcoin now, and for them, it's like noon (or whatever) right now. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:17:00
Yeah, I think he just came over from r/all, or something. I'm not even a huge fan of bitcoin, but I understand how it works, and how it can *potentially* work, and his biggest gripe with it is that it's not backed by the "government."
No shit, Sherlock. Let's think about this though -- Amazon.com *also* largely isn't "backed" by the US government. In fact, they're directly competing with the USPS, and they're winning that war. They're winning it so easily, that the US government was basically like "well... shit. Fuck it. Let them deliver shit if they want."
Edit: Now that I think about it, they actually have an agreement with the USPS, but still, as a company, they're taking away an awful lot of business from the government.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:52:33
My bad, then. I didn't realize that was a thing that people were doing (I guess I should've expected it, though). Actually, I just remembered some cases from a few years back where some people made a shitload of money by doing exactly that -- getting loans, making a profit, paying back the loans, etc. 
I dunno. People are gonna be idiots regardless of the circumstances. Either way, it's obviously not a *huge* amount of people who are taking out loans to pay for bitcoin -- which is *much* different than the housing bubble, where pretty much everyone involved was using some sort of loan in the first place.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:30:42
They already accounted for that. All they do is divide bitcoins into something like .0000008 of a bitcoin. So even though there's only like 21 million possible bitcoins, those bitcoins can still be divided further. If that ever happens, the world itself will be a totally different place to begin with, and the question would be moot. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:12:48
Why do you say that? 
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:13:23
Yeah, I made an edit mentioning it. I realized that half the shit I've gotten from Amazon in the past year was delivered by USPS (but only because I haven't pulled the trigger on Amazon Prime yet). Either way, it's a loss of money for the government, in general. 
And they *are* still competing with USPS -- at the very least, they've negotiated a contract where Amazon likely gets most of the money. They're the ones making the sale, after all. Then again, it's money that USPS would never have gotten in the first place, so maybe USPS is making a profit too. Either way, Amazon is Amazon, and USPS is USPS (who is already competing with UPS and Fedex).
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:43:42
IMO (and frankly, as a guy who isn't very well-versed on the whole situation), isn't a large part of bitcoin's growth based on the fact that more countries (such as Japan) and websites (such as Amazon) are now accepting bitcoin as legal tender? 
I highly doubt you'd see a *huge* drop-off in price if more and more markets start accepting it as payment. There will almost certainly be a price "correction" of some sort, but then again, the price is also heavily influenced simply by the amount of people who are putting money into it, in the first place. Which is similar to a stock, but not exactly. 
For instance, even if bitcoin somehow became *less-popular* -- let's say next year, for whatever reason, many people withdraw their bitcoins, and it takes a dive, or something -- that doesn't mean that Amazon would just automatically drop it as a form of payment, or that Japan would automatically drop it. It could certainly happen, but not overnight. 
tl;dr -- if more big markets keep accepting it as a form of payment, it can only grow in value. There might be a price correction at some point, but I just don't think there will be any bubbles popping (unless, of course, various countries experience something like the 2008 crash -- though that would be through no fault of bitcoin's).
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:41:33
I was talking about their price, though. You're talking about the company in general. That would be a somewhat separate topic. I totally agree with your point, but it's only somewhat-relevant to mine.