@_author: frontseatsman
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:58:49
FANG is the acronym for Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, and Google.  They are "the big 4" in terms of tech companies, particularly where their market cap is concerned.  
It could honestly be any group, they were just the quickest to come to mind.
Edit: the endgame could be a secure blockchain, fully transparent and auditable like blockchain, but with a structured processing ability to keep the expense and fees managed.
I suppose a 3rd alternative would be to have the processors cycle through using some algorithm so that only a certain selected few could process the next block in a random way that couldn't be hijacked or known in advance.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:20:00
Well, think of it this way:
What if FANG got together and said "We can make bitcoin better".  They "kept all the cool parts" and removed all "the unregulated parts".  You were given a key, etc that only you had.  It wouldn't be 100% anonymous because they could track where you shipped packages to or whatever else your ID was tied to, but it would be as secure as a deregulated blockchain.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:12:27
Now I'm confused.  Isn't having everything in the chain and having it be a complete record the only way to tell who holds what?  Is there an alternative to that?
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:30:37


To protect against the risk that the processors could work together to alter past transactions (one of the key benefits of blockchain being decentralized).  If you had a constant public record, you could independently and cheaply audit for changes.  With that, the only hard to manage risk is creating new false transactions.
Seems the best solution would be to have the processors cycle through using some algorithm so that only a certain selected few could process the next block in a random way that couldn't be hijacked or known in advance.  It would stabilize costs, remain decentralized, and retain all the benefits of blockchain.  
The only thing it would be missing is the ability to make changes as you go, so you'd need some kind of Board of Directors that could be voted on.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:46:22
Is the decentralized nature and opensource in processing key because it limits the risk of foul play and market manipulation?
If bitcoin processors get together and agree to add a decimal to the satoshi, would that not be "market manipulation" similar to how a central bank manages the money supply (only without the sovereignty)
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:06:54
True, even with a 'cartel' you couldn't guarantee that they won't put up restrictions in how it is used.  This and the anonymity more or less guarantees the long-term existence of decentralized cryptocurrencies.  
My biggest question is if those advantages create a dominate decentralized currency or will it only be used on the fringes with a 'mainstream' structured blockchain currency winning in the vast majority of transactions?
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:16:30








Yes, exactly.  






Yes, this is perhaps a better way to ask the question.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:42:06


Yes - that is what I'm questioning.  It definitely has the downsides you express, but it also has benefits for use as a cheap currency.


Paypal is denominated in existing currencies, but your point is exactly what I am questioning.  Why couldn't/wouldn't Paypal make their own cryptocurrency and why would that not beat any existing alternative?
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:10:25
First mover advantage is a real benefit, but it may just be paving the way for an alternative to capture the new social awareness. Not many tech first movers still exist, the iterations win instead.  What if Paypal put up $1B in advertising behind their own version that solved the limitations of Bitcoin? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:04:16
This is an argument for blockchain-based currency. Not for bitcoin specifically. Why would Bitcoin prevail over a structured rival?
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:18:34
I'm not arguing for an opaque cartel, in fact I specifically said it could be any group as long as they were cooperative in order to keep costs at a minimum. They could easily have oversight. For example, you could give everyone access to the data while only a few could process additions.
Amazon Bux was meant as a stupid Bitcoin brand name joke. They aren't Disney dollars, they'd be a real currency. Call it whatever you want.
In the end, the usefullnes of a currency is based on the willingness of vendors to accept them. You might like euros better than dollars, but good luck using them in the US. This gets back to my question, why would vendors adopt Bitcoin over a better structured/cheaper currency?
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:31:43
There is a lot of conversation about Bitcoin being a long term viable asset, they're traded like an asset, and just launched futures trading.  I could have asked "Why gold specifically?", but gold has thousands of years of established trading and use in commerce, has many 'competitors' (silver, platinum, copper, etc), and was dethroned as a viable currency in favor of less cumbersome alternatives. 
It's more of a two way street between vendors and customers and there is a cap to how many alternatives a vendor will take. Think about the growth of Square, they displaced a lot of competition by being very friendly for vendors and consumers alike.
If Visa all of a sudden created a blockchain currency that they accepted anywhere Visa is, that seems like it would change the game altogether.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:26:00
Change "state" to "international" and I would agree with you.
I don't believe Denmark or Ukraine have a way to stop USD from being transferred electronically into their borders either.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:23:25
I don't know if I agree with that.  If Visa came out and made their own coins immediately available to be accepted by their vendors at a lower fee than credit cards, that would be a compelling value-add that existing coins couldn't compete with.  Add to that $1B in a salesforce, promotions, ads, guarantees on security, etc and you have a serious competitor in the market.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:10:53


Well, you could still make the full chain publicly available so that everyone could verify who has what.  It's the processing of new blocks that would be centralized.  But yes, they could collude to make false transactions - hence the need for some oversight.
Lightening sounds interesting.  I need to use that to settle up with friends after a trip to vegas.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:52:43


I guess I don't know what 2FA is.  The benefits I am referring to are the easy of verifying/auditing data by anyone; a low cost transaction structure to any user; and a high degree of end-user security in protecting their information/asset/etc


"They have one, yes, but what about second fees?".  Seriously though, they do charge fees for sending money through their platform, but they could add a blockchain platform as well.  That would have some unique advantages to the current Paypal in that it would not entail currency risk if the coins are widely accepted as currency and have a stable price.  Or, at least, it would represent a different kind of currency risk that a company/user might prefer.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:42:22
Interesting.  Somewhat fits with the startup ideas running around at using blockchain to store other sorts of transactions (real estate, stock ownership, etc) and medical health records.  I'm still not quite sold on the latter.




Geeze, *you people* are touchy with words /s.  Replace it with whatever synonym you want, the question is would they be the exception and not the rule which you did address.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:07:24
I was using Gold because there are multiple precious metals which were used as currency, but it is a fair criticism. I should have compared it with other currencies and not commodities.  Bitcoin is more like USD than gold.


I wasn't arguing that it is a good or bad investment.  I was stating that it is currently an asset and there is the presumption that it will remain so.




My comment was directly linked to the anonymity of Bitcoin, or really the anonymity of any asset.  Bearer Bonds would be a classic example.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:01:09


^ on paypal


Yes, IF.  


To keep them from escalating and hopefully to have them decline over time.  The goal, like many payment options, being to make transactions as frictionless as possible.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:03:03


The goal would be all the benefits of blockchain (security, primarily) while having stability in fees/processing costs and the ability to adjust as is required (without massive consensus and fracturing of the market).


They'd gain a set of fees from vendors on a currency that has the advantages of blockchain (security, primarily).
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:06:13
You correctly read that I did not propose an existing alternative. Instead I am questioning why Bitcoing is the likely winning blockchain-based currency while illustrating some key flaws that are easily solved by a replacement.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:53:13
This is by far the best response, thank you.
It does raise a question I wasn't thinking about regarding blockchain and bitcoin.  Given the cost of processing the blocks, won't the processing eventually and naturally end up in the hands of an oligopoly?  Those few that can afford the computing power and perhaps a large set of smaller outfits that chug along and solve a block every now and then.  The processing incentives an arms race, which perhaps the Googles of the world could win eventually either way. 