@_author: frostxtq
@_date: 2018-08-21 12:06:23
Except you wouldn't live that comfortably with $800 in any of the major cities. Maybe in rural areas.
@_date: 2018-08-22 10:05:40
The point is its still unusuable for business. You need stability, not constant changes, an 80% drop in a month can just as easily kill your business.
@_date: 2018-08-22 21:29:36
Lol. Good answer. I still wouldn't run a business using bitcoin, neither should anyone. Short episodes of price change are very bad for any kind of business, unless you're selling narcotics it's not worth the risk to run a business using bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-27 21:47:36
You must be getting the two confused. When did the EURO lose 20% in a day lmao. Bitcoin has 100% fluctuations in the matter of weeks.
@_date: 2018-07-27 21:47:36
You must be getting the two confused. When did the EURO lose 20% in a day lmao. Bitcoin has 100% fluctuations in the matter of weeks.
@_date: 2018-07-27 09:46:11
What kind of an argument is that hahahaha. You can't 100% know the inflation rate but you can know what bitcoin is. You what, mate? You can't even predict the price of bitcoin from one week to the next, with any degree of certainty whatsoever, and you're telling me the euro is unpredictable? Because you can't 100% know the inflation rate? Mate, you can't 100% know that the Earth will still exist tomorrow. What a ridiculous argument. Nothing is 100%, but you can have a very high degree of confidence in the fact that the euro today will be worth roughly the same in 2020, in fact hundreds of millions of people are relying on exactly that fact and trust that. Why? Because the euro has a very long track record of being very stable and predictable from year to year, which means people can actually make plans, and use it for what it's intended, as a currency.
What kind of track record does bitcoin have? Now it's $15k, next week it's $6k, today it's $8k, tomorrow it might be $9k. Who knows lol. Good luck using it as a currency in the real world, mate. It seems nobody in this subreddit is willing to face the very simple truth that most of y'all are into bitcoin not because you actually use it as a currency in your day to day lives, but because you're hoping the price will keep rising. Speculative investment. Most of you probably aren't even using it as a currency at all. Ever. Unless you're into darkweb drugs.
@_date: 2018-07-26 20:09:18


It's not the same thing though. Yes, people hope that the house they just bought will increase in value, but most of the shit people buy, they buy to use or because it has use to other people, not because they hope more people will keep buying it despite very limited use so that price will keep increasing. Cause that's very much a bubble. 
As for the rest of your post. Yeah, that was my point, that it cannot be relied upon as a currency. People arguing that bitcoin is somehow a better option as a currency are insane. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 19:04:06


Except that talking about increments of 10 years doesn't really make it any less stable. Since people know and expect the euro to depreciate with about 2% per year. So in that sense it is still stable. Inflation would naturally occur with any currency. The only reason why "bitcoin inflation" isn't really a thing, is because it's not used as a currency.
I mean, your whole post is basically arguing why bitcoin is a good investment, not why it's a good currency. That says it all. Bitcoin, as a currency, isn't worth very much at all, it's value is derived by people's faith in it as an investment, and the only backing for that faith is more faith, instead of actual real world use, which is mostly limited to buying drugs off the internet.
It is the exact same thing as people mass investing in paperclips and driving up prices to $15.000/clip in the belief that the price will continue rising. This is what you're not understanding. 
Inb4 but mainstream currency is based on faith too. Yes, it's based on 'faith' too, but it's backed by the fact that those mainstream currencies are used every day for every kind of transaction, and its value reflects that, instead of its value being derived mainly out of speculation. That's why bitcoin is a bubble. Mainstream currency isn't.
@_date: 2018-07-26 18:43:03


Here comes captain anal again. The euro is stable in comparison to both what you can buy with it today and tomorrow, and compared to other stable currencies such as the dollar. Fluctuations occur in small increments over a long period of time. Bitcoin price is way way more volatile, the level of willful ignorance of any of you to deny this must be astounding.


Not sure why you included Turkey in there. Inflation is relatively high but it's not hyper inflation and it isn't unpredictable either. Wages are keeping up and rising above it. 
The rest are pretty much cases of states failing. Yes, inflation isn't literally always predictable, but it is highly predictable in stable nations. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 18:53:28
Size definitely plays a role in it. But when real life use of bitcoin is as low as it is, except for darkweb shit, the fluctuation of prices is pretty much a direct consequence of the fact that a vast majority of people are buying bitcoin due to the belief that it will continue rising in price and they will be able to sell high and make a profit, and not because bitcoin's real world demand is high and continuing to rise. The problem is that as soon as prices stop rising and start dropping, people panic and sell, because they invested with the belief I mentioned and not due to actual intentions to use it as currency, that causes the price to drop further and further down, which is literally the definition of a bubble-crash cycle.
In the end, whether Draghi omits it or not, he's still right in the sense that you cannot rely on bitcoin as a currency. You cannot expect to get payed in bitcoin and know for sure you will be able to use it to pay your rent at the end of the month, because by the end of the month bitcoin might be 20% less valuable, leaving you homeless.
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:24:17
Or you know, a bunch of booms and busts. People are so defensive in this subreddit it's incredible. Do you really, truly believe that those prices reflect the instrinsic value of the coin and aren't due to the mass amounts of speculators that think they can get rich off bitcoin investments?
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:16:41
Why do you have to be so anal about it. A euro today IS worth a euro tomorrow, while bitcoins price can change like 20% in a day. He has a point in that bitcoin isnt stable at all. The euro is stable and only changes in small increments over a number of years. Inflation is a different matter, but inflation is also stable and predictable. Bitcoin is a bubble and you have to be pretty blind to not understand that. Its value doesnt reflect natural supply and demand as it had been inflated by speculatory investments which prolly make up a big part of bitcoin transactions. Bitcoin does have some intrinsic value but it is absolutely a bubble that is very prone to speculation, which makes it so unstable.
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:59:51
It's not real demand if that is what mostly drives the price, no. By your definition of how things work, bubbles don't even exist, not just in the case of bitcoin, but in any industry. Speculative investments are fine, but not when they can drive an industry up 200% in 6 months, followed by a crash just as big. In that case, it was obviously a bubble in the first place, and a big one at that. 
The whole point of the comment was that bitcoin is too volatile and people can't trust it to make secure and predictable plans down the line. Like I said in another comment, if someone gets payed in bitcoins and plans to buy a car 3 months down the line, it's a gamble whether they will actually be able to do so or not, because the price could go up, but it could also crash. It's just not predictable. When you're payed in euros, you can be sure you can buy that car 3 months down the line, because the value of the euro will be roughly the same, barring exceptional circumstances such as a collapse of the EU or some world war. 
With bitcoin, you get some and either spend it immediately, or you hold on to it hoping that eventually you will be able to sell big or spend it later on with an increased value, but you never know when or if you can do it in at a certain date. It's just that you can never actually make any concrete plans, unless your plans are "hold on and see when it's favorable to sell", hoping the price will eventually supersede the price you bought it at.
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:52:36
Inflation doesn't matter if economic growth outpaces it. That's such a silly analogy. It's not like maximum economic development has been achieved and inflation keeps chipping away at it. Inflation is actually useful when it's stable and at reasonable levels, it discourages hoarding and encourages investment. The point is that it is stable, and predictable, which allows you to actually make short and long term plans. You know you can rely on your money being worth just as much at the end of the month when you gotta pay rent, you can't even rely on bitcoin to keep its price on a week to week basis. 
 If this is your level of financial literacy, that you need these things explained to you and you think inflation is some drift towards the abyss, I'm not surprised you view bitcoin as the second coming of Christ, instead of a semi-useful tool which is largely inflated by speculative investment. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:48:19
A bust can be followed by another boom, which can be caused by further speculative investments, and then another bust, and so on. It's not something unheard of. It is quite literally happening with bitcoin every year. Just because a bubble pops doesn't mean it can't get reinflated. Too bad you haven't answered my question though. Are you telling me you truly believe that all the growth bitcoin had is due to the actual, real world demand of the coin, and NOT because of the massive amount of speculative investments? Like I said, bitcoin does have intrinsic value, but it is very highly prone to speculation and you can see that in all the meteoric rises followed by huge busts. 
The fact is that many people view bitcoin as an investment, instead of actually using it in their day to day lives, which is what causes the phenomenon of booms and busts in the first place.
This is what makes the coin unstable and why the price is so volatile. You can't expect to get payed in bitcoin and expect to buy that car you want in 3 months time, which you could afford with the initial payout, simply because the coin is so unstable. You might end up with more money, or you might end up with less. That's the point Dragi was making. It's unpredictable and unstable and you can't actually make concrete plans in terms of when and how you can spend the coin, not in the way you can with the euro, because if you get 20.000 euros today, you can know with 99.99% certainty that the car you wanna buy 3 months down the road will still cost 20.000 euros and you will be able to buy it. That's just not possible with bitcoin.