@_author: frozenmcvegetablecok
@_date: 2016-03-02 04:39:43
The two largest mining pools have started to behave like a cartel, and now have the ability and hashing power to actually solve blocks and just sit on them for an additional amount of time. This additional time is spent by other pools still trying to verify the blocks the two largest pools already confirmed. Meanwhile the two biggest pools started working on new blocks after solving the first ones. This gives them a head start on solving those later blocks while causing backlogs due to other pools not processing the newer blocks at the same time.
 has some additional explanations and info.
@_date: 2016-03-01 21:34:55
There's more afoot than just needing to raise our transaction fees. Earlier today Electrum had suggested a transaction fee as usual and it was higher than what I normally use to get transactions done express. Within FIVE minutes, the suggested transaction fee had trippled and just recently was more than the value you're suggesting.
Multiple transactions I made were never even relayed by the node to start propagating and had to be manually rebroadcast.
The root of the problem is the blockchain is being attacked, the nodes are being messed with, and the culprits are known but no one wants to call it for what it is.
@_date: 2016-03-02 04:11:46
I usually only do any transactions in batches once every couple to few weeks so I hadn't noticed the fee creep. The Electrum server I was connected to seemed to have not kept pace in raising its suggested fee. Then after I figured that out the fee kept jumping even higher when I was trying to put together a modified transaction with a higher fee to get my funds unstuck.
Then it got held up because of the "non standard transaction" crap BTCcore insists of complaining about when you have a small output (like a change address with little going to it).
Luckily once the backlog of transactions dropped below 20k or so, my transaction got picked up and a first confirmation within 15 minutes.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:16:07
It's also illegal for them to intentionally disrupt traffic to other carriers but they're actively interupting connections to Level 3 and Telia in Atlanta. Connections routing through the same IP going to several other carriers don't seem to have issues. But any traffic I send to Telia or Level 3 sees 50%+ packet loss before it even leaves At&amp;T's network 