@_author: frozeneternityza
@_date: 2019-07-05 17:56:33
If only it was still 13k
@_date: 2018-10-16 18:00:44
Well it's not wrong
@_date: 2019-02-21 14:24:38
Actually he said "cryptocurrency" was brilliant and Bitcoin used too much power
@_date: 2019-02-21 15:14:23
That comment was on twitter after the podcast  where he mentioned cryptocurrency being brilliant. He also made the comment as a joke in reply to someone elses jokes that implied he was Satoshi. 
It's all about context and no one seems to want to read past the headline "Elon Musk thinks "Bitcoin" is brilliant" because doing so might go outside thier narrative
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:23:25
That was a long read but I am glad I read it. I have been trying for a long time to understand all this politics with BTC, BCH, Segwit and SegwitX2. It is VERY hard to know what is what when everyone is saying things about the other side. 
I will be mauling over what you have written here - Not saying I have an opinion on it all yet. 
There are things that still bother me with the situation and one was highlighted here. The communications I have seen from the core team do have a defensive and arrogant tone to them, even in situations that do not seem warranted in the least to that tone. Although this doesn't have anything to do with the quality/standard of work put out by them it does make me question their motives when I see things like this. I will try view them in the way you described to give them the benefit of the doubt here. 
The other is the many reports of user bans on this subreddit, which also beings me to question motives. Censoring is not something that should be taken lightly, even when doing so is seen as a response to an attack. I understand this sub is huge and growing everyday. I am not sure what should be done here instead, or presuming I know better and I am in no way suggesting that these attacks are not happening. But again, as someone on the outside trying to make sense of it all, it doesn't put btc/core in a good light IMO.
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:52:51
Ok Introduction to 2017 Piracy 101 here we go...
Kodi (once XBMC [Xbox media center]) was created to offer a slick all in one media center for Xbox that allowed the Xbox console to stream content from a local storage device like a computer. Later it evolved to support more platforms and you can get it to run an almost anything ( Windows, Linux, iOS. Raspberry pi, Android, Amazon fire stick). Have you heard of Plex? Kodi is like Plex in the same way that they are both media center software, but Kodi is more customisable. Kodi at its core is still designed as media center software to stream from local content and in this use it is only as illegal as the content you are storing.
Semi official software add-ons exist to allow for easy online streaming and media management. Like YouTube. Just like you get the YouTube app for your phone, you can get the YouTube add-on for Kodi. 
Then there are streaming add-ons. These are designed to check the web for websites that have video content streaming for free. These websites are generally covered in ads and can host malware, but with Kodi add-ons you can bypass all of that and have an easy to use streaming service direct to your kodi device and control with your smartphone. An example of this sort of add-on is called Covenant but there are many with different focuses like streaming live TV and sports. This is grey area piracy as technical you are not sharing the content but only viewing it. In my country this is therefore not illegal although there have been recent legal actions taken against some of the add-on creators and some have taken down their add-ons to prevent persecution. P2P add-ons are different as you are sharing the media as you stream it from other peers using a torrent link.
Content quality is only as good as what is currently accessible. Don't expect a 4k or 1080 version to be out in the same week as a blockbuster theater release. Generally the quality for the first month's on movies is terrible as only BluRay release will allow a better version to come out. TV shows are different as they can generally be captured in HD via streaming like in the case of Netflix.
I hope that gives you a better idea of what Kodi and Kodi Add-ons are about.
Edit: spelling and stuff
@_date: 2017-10-30 21:11:47
What is the point of anything. Nihilism all the way
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:14:17
Aw thanks :) my first one
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:13:19
Versatile and lite weight media center software. Add-ons allow it to stream video by scrapping content from streaming websites or direct streaming from p2p. 
@_date: 2018-12-23 04:13:33
Came to the comments to say this. Completely agree with you. This description will only confuse people in the long run.
I explained Bitcoin mining to a 6 year old just fine by saying that the machines had one job that they worked really hard at all the time and that job was to check other machines were correct on who had what money. They did this by solving difficult math problems and got rewarded some money in return for their work. Easy. Kid got it completely