@_author: frugal_finlander
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:15:40
Let me ensure I definitely understand. Can there be any reward for mining without there being a transaction fee?
If so, how is the bitcoin generated in this case? This is what led me to think this currency has an intrinsic value instead of just being a regular currency. Or rather, if the word "intrinsic" doesn't apply, then the concept I meant to address is "bitcoin represents an intrinsically valuable process, the processing of blocks", which doesn't fit if there are bitcoin transactions that reward currency without transaction fees?
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:22:47
thanks for explanation. so when bitcoins are capped, the high number of transactions motivated by businesses preferring minimal transaction fees is the logic that may justify bitcoin.
someone elsewhere has also explained to me that the mathematics behind blocks offer a potentially more secure trading system than current bank security measures. 
beyond that, the notion of intrinsic value in currency has certainly been a heated debate even in the days in athens when a city minted coin was preferred over raw ore. i would still say that the way bitcoin is being generated currently by the very fact that it spawns from cpu's solving problems by scripts, (that's the interpretation of bitcoin mining i have), makes the currency carry a pseudo-intrinsic value, in that it cant help solve more blocks, or do anything else for that matter, the way "gold ore" can be argued to still "do something" in jewellery and as a metal in general. but instead it's existence is representative of "block solving", and that's its intrinsic value.
when block solving only rewards bitcoins by transaction fees, that's when i suggest bitcoin loses it's intrinsic value. block solving becomes a service, or rather something more like "leasing property".
however i recognise i am using the word intrinsic wrong, i just don't know the better word. something between intrinsic and representational, so, "intrinsiically representational" which only says, "money is money", or "money intrinsically represents security in a money".
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:21:39
and I also don't know why this type of transaction is superior to online credit card transactions?
@_date: 2013-12-08 22:36:59
Isn't it the opposite? Somehow bitcoin has made the claim that money does have "intrinsic value"? I don't understand this concept of "blocks", but in trying to understand what a block is, it's made this whole currency seem like nonsense. 
Money has no intrinsic value, that is why money is money and goods and services are exchanged for it. If we went back to bartering, then we'd just have a really hard time trading "data entry" for "groceries" or any other such services. Bitcoin suggests money can be created by solving blocks? And even when no more coins are created, the act of solving blocks can still generate revenue? Why are blocks worth dollars?
If someone can help me here, that'd be nice?
@_date: 2013-12-09 19:48:45
Sorry I mean that in respect to the notion of "instrinsic value" versus "value". I guess I didn't illustrate those thoughts together well enough.
The original post in this thread is some reference to a criticism of intrinsic value. What this Peter Schiff character fails to acknowledge is that the "intrinsic value" argument is a very old one, and in today's world, it only means "secured by a state", when in the past there was more of a dilemma between secured by it's "intrinsic value" versus "secured by the state". Like in the Roman days, when Rome wanted more silver they would give incentives for people to trade in their old coins for new coins, and they would benefit by melting down the old coins for their silver. So, the act of having roman silver coins was considered valuable in that they were "roman" rather than just silver, because at the very least, in these callbacks, you turned in genuine roman coins for rewards that were more immediately valuable, than the original buying power of the coin. In that day, that's what made something "secured by a state" have instrinsic value, instead of just walking around with nuggets of gold and silver in your pocket.
In respect to bitcoin, those paragraphs I dedicated to the notion of "intrinsic value" describe something else. The act of printing bitcoin is a product of the act of using bitcoin. Bitcoin comes into existence because someone wanted to make a transaction in bitcoin, and needed the process of block solving to govern the security of the transaction. The word "intrinsic" is a misnomer of mine, but I can't figure out the word to describe this "value", so I exacted "intrinsic" to try describe that.
None of what I said in those paragraphs have anything to do with "value of bitcoin in a market that uses bitcoin". 