@_author: frukt
@_date: 2016-04-12 13:26:25


I don't think it should be otherwise and I'm slightly irked that OP is badmouthing Estonia as a whole because he's bitter that his business has been subjected to rules.


Not sure. I'm haven't looked at the court's decision that closely, but it's available [here]( Possibly Google Translate can make it somewhat comprehensible.


Sure. And the court even suggested that the legislature get off its ass and modify the laws to take into account the nature of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2016-04-12 12:30:37
The court simply ruled that bitcoin is a ~~currency~~ alternative method of payment, which makes OP's business subject to all the regulations concerning financial transactions. Keep in mind that the court also recommended the legislature to make it a priority to start developing laws that take cryptocurrencies into account.
@_date: 2016-04-12 12:26:44


Not really. Estonia has very quickly embraced Uber and other ride-sharing innovations, for example, and is actively changing its laws and tax procedures to accommodate that. Of course, I understand that you're bitter about your business being subjected to the same rules as any other businesses committing financial transactions, but that was to be expected. Or are you arguing that cryptocurrency is not in fact a currency?
@_date: 2016-04-12 22:13:55
"Test" the law? The law was there, black on white. Even if there was no precedent for cryptocurrencies, it was your obligation to follow the law. You failed to do that and are now fiercely bitter against the Estonian state as a whole. That's what it seems like from where I'm standing.
@_date: 2016-04-12 13:31:44
When somebody mentions Kazaa, the reaction is usually "oh my god that horrible pile of shit". But the P2P engine powering the network was developed in Estonia and it was really pretty innovative for the time. I believe that the same engine, or a modification thereof, also became the basis of Skype (which also heavily relies on a distributed architecture).
@_date: 2016-04-12 12:40:19
The court decided that trading in bitcoins is a type of economic activity that is subject to money laundering laws, since bitcoin has the properties of a currency. All banks and other businesses providing credit are subject to these laws, AFAIK. Possibly currency exchanges etc. [This]( is the law that mostly applies to this case.
@_date: 2016-04-13 13:01:39


And that's exactly what the Estonian high court's decision did, specifically clearly positioned bitcoin in the legal framework. In addition, it clearly pointed the finger at the legislature and recommended writing extra flexibility for cryptocurrencies into the laws.


Yet in the case of Estonia, the government and legislature have clearly understood that fighting the tide isn't sensible and flexibility and early adoption result in success. A good case in point from the current year: both the government and the Tax Board have embraced Uber and other ride-sharing services and are accommodating these services into the laws and tax code. Not only that, the Tax Board is developing innovative technical solutions to allow paying all applicable taxes on the fly without any bureaucracy whatsoever. Contrast this with many other European nations where there have been riots on the streets against Uber and governments have clamped down in response.
I don't understand the dramatic tone in this thread. The court didn't rule that cryptocurrencies are banned or subject to excessive, undue regulation; but that cryptocurrencies are subject to the same regulation as other "alternative means of payment" (a very clearly defined term in the [Money Laundering Law]( And if the pattern holds, I'm cautiously optimistic that the legislature will begin developing additions to the law that will take the nature and properties of cryptocurrencies into account.