@_author: frustrated420
@_date: 2016-06-15 12:32:31
Its interesting that you slag off the competition could it be you are a shill for KRAKEN
@_date: 2016-06-14 22:52:10
Yeah, I agree it amazes me that guys like this think they have a business model. Etherex is another one.
@_date: 2016-06-15 17:30:01
Dude read my story carefully, I clearly say I submitted the picture, they complained it was not clear, I checked and said okay the ID was a bit blurry so I resubmitted the picture. And got a response it was blurry when clearly it was not. And I have submitted a third photo. 
@_date: 2016-06-14 23:54:44
Takes them about 2d to respond to each issue. The last mail was you need to upload the photo, so I go and look it's perfectly clear you can read everything, and compare to the scan of the ID I sent, plus you can see it's the same person, I am holding the thing right next to my face. As I said if they can't read it, mark it up and send it to me, alternatively I offered to Skype them so that they can see me in person with the ID. Seriously if they don't want the business just return the cash to same account it came from. 
Smacks of MtGox
@_date: 2016-06-15 17:34:53
Really get a life I submitted my ID and proof of residence, the issue is a photo of me holding the ID. The rest they have accepted. I have taken a third photo. And no they are not breaking the law by returning the deposit to the originating bank account. My point about freezing the account relates to the fact that I am not over their limits.
So why can't I trade what's there.
The other issue is the turn around time why does it take so long to respond. 
But looky here, someone from Kraken responded.
@_date: 2016-06-15 07:06:39
Dude you not listening, I did retake it and resend it, it's perfectly clear. I will use my slr today and take a 10MB picture, but really why freeze my whole account. In my experience when companies start this behavior it's a symptom of problems either incompetence or financial or both. It's like they stalling or something.
@_date: 2016-06-14 18:27:18
It seemed to work for this guy so I am trying here to
Totally unreasonable requests. Is Kraken a scam. self.Kraken
Submitted 12 minutes ago by Frustrated420
The title is just to get some attention from Kraken.
Ok so I open an account with Kraken Do lvl 2 verification. Do a deposit, buy some bit coin all goes well. Deposit some more, silly me I deposit EUR2000 not USD2000 so its over the daily limit, so its put on hold, I patiently wait, nothing, finally I contact support its released I trade again, all goes well.
I decide its safe to deposit more, This time I deposit USD2000 and the next day I deposit USD2000 again, now it turns out they have a bug that if you use duplicate deposits it does it twice ????
Anyway one deposit is put on hold after again waiting patiently I ask why its on hold, I get the duplicate deposit story and they release it.
5min later my account is frozen. Because I went over the daily limit once and its at USD9000 close to the monthly limit.
So they need me to get lvl 3 verification.
Ok I think why not, so I send proof of address and ID.
I get back that they need a photo of me with the ID. I say but I am not from Japan or Germany, but ok.
Then they reply its not clear, I look they are right its not clear. So I retake the photo with HD really close. I check you can read everything on the ID.
Two days later I get its blurry we can't read it.
I respond that they should mark what they cannot read and send it to me. I also request them to just return the money on my account to originating bank and just close the account. I even volunteered for a SKYPE call. So that I can hold the damn ID next to my face so they can see it real time.
And I get
No response.
So not I am frustrated and desperate hence I am trying here.
@_date: 2016-06-14 19:39:37
Definitely problems
Ok so I open an account with Kraken Do lvl 2 verification. Do a deposit, buy some bit coin all goes well. Deposit some more, silly me I deposit EUR2000 not USD2000 so its over the daily limit, so its put on hold, I patiently wait, nothing, finally I contact support its released I trade again, all goes well. I decide its safe to deposit more, This time I deposit USD2000 and the next day I deposit USD2000 again, now it turns out they have a bug that if you use duplicate deposits it does it twice ???? Anyway one deposit is put on hold after again waiting patiently I ask why its on hold, I get the duplicate deposit story and they release it. 5min later my account is frozen. Because I went over the daily limit once and its at USD9000 close to the monthly limit. So they need me to get lvl 3 verification. Ok I think why not, so I send proof of address and ID. I get back that they need a photo of me with the ID. I say but I am not from Japan or Germany, but ok. Then they reply its not clear, I look they are right its not clear. So I retake the photo with HD really close. I check you can read everything on the ID. Two days later I get its blurry we can't read it. I respond that they should mark what they cannot read and send it to me. I also request them to just return the money on my account to originating bank and just close the account. I even volunteered for a SKYPE call. So that I can hold the damn ID next to my face so they can see it real time. And I get No response
@_date: 2016-06-15 17:35:08
Good to know
@_date: 2016-06-14 19:33:13
Update, I tried posting this on their subreddit but it seems they removed it.
@_date: 2016-06-15 12:30:17
Dude really, the only thing fuzzy was the ID, you can clearly see its me and its the same ID I scanned, its just that you have trouble reading some of the numbers. Be one hell of a fraudster to go to all the trouble of sending three photos of the same person with the same ID, that They have a scan of. And offer to show it to them on SKYPE. A practice other exchanges use.
Plus do you honestly believe crooks deal in amounts of USD2 000.
If they worried why not just return the deposit to the originating account. 
Why freeze the account.
Plus there website clearly states that the photo ID is not required, unless you German or Japanese or use a German of Japanese bank, neither of which apply in this case.
Interesting that they have no help desk, or Telephone support, why is that?
Two Guys and a dog taking deposits of other peoples money. 
You can't say they taking laws and regulation seriously.
They are a deposit taking institution. Who act like they are above any common law or law.
Maybe the business plan is that I will get annoyed and abandon the money, or maybe not.
Either way why would anyone entrust their money to such an unsophisticated operation. 
NO CHAT OR PHONE SUPPORT!
@_date: 2016-06-15 07:18:01
Also it's a question of customer service, you take a persons money and then just ignore them, I suppose of course you can, but it's morally and ethically wrong. Not to mention it's bad business. As a member of the Bitcoin community it's my duty to warn others, of course it's up to them, what they do with the information. 
@_date: 2016-06-14 23:32:11
By guys like this, I mean the centralized exchanges like Kraken, The existing players I.e. The banks will never allow it. Falling for the we regulate better than, the banks do, will just kill them. Remember blackberry?
@_date: 2016-06-15 17:35:46
As I said at the beginning of the post, the title was just to get your attention.
Thx will PVT message you
@_date: 2016-06-16 08:05:53
Ok I am unsure why this is so important to you. Issue is the Selfie with the photo ID, I have submitted it three times, let me repeat three times. I went over daily deposit limit once by 10% because I deposited EURO so with the exchange rate it went to USD2200.
I am within the monthly deposit limits.
The website clearly states that the Selfie photo is only for German Austrian and Japanese clients. I am not one.
But still have submitted the selfie three times, its very clear from all the photos that the ID in the selfie is the same as the one that was submitted in the scanned photo.
My issue is the time its taking, this is making me very anxious, will I get access to my money?
Will some hacker steal, my ID and selfie photo and try to steal my Identity?
Incidentally my story has not changed one iota.
Its interesting to me that you have so much interest in this topic, when you clearly have nothing at stake, KRAKEN paying you perhaps.
If someone is trying to defraud my bank account, why not just refund the deposit, it goes back to the same bank.
Its interesting too me how you try to obscure the facts,
"They obv can't return the money when a costumer refuses to submit clearly visible documentation, doing so would be against the law. And that is kinda obv."
I have submitted scanned copy of ID, and three selfies of me with the ID. Does that sound like I refuse to submit clearly visible documentation?
"They do require photo ID once a certain threshold has been met, as any other exchange or financial institution does. "
I have not reached the thresholds"
Know why this is important to me, its a lot of money for me, not sure why its so important to you that you have spent so much time on this six rather long comments?
Perhaps you could indicate, what exactly your connection to KRAKEN or its employees is?
@_date: 2016-06-14 22:48:30
Read the post, I did it's perfectly clear, that's why I asked them to mark it up to show me where it's not clear, even offered to Skype them no response, really sad. I mean what's suspicious I even willing to video conference call them, so they can take a goddam video if they want, only suspicious is thier behavior. Buying BTC.
@_date: 2016-06-16 10:17:39
Update on this, issue resolved, I am tier 3 verified now I can even trade on Margin. As I stated on the first line this was to get some attention from Kraken.
I did this firstly to get it resolved for myself and secondly for the crypto community.
So for the crypto community, KRAKEN appears to be fine.
