@_author: fryguy_22
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:36:20
So, if we continue the example I gave above, when I try to cheat, the only reason you can stop me is because you are able to prove you have a MORE RECENT version of the truth that was signed by both of us.
If we did our transaction, and I had 1.5 BTC and you had 0.5 BTC, then you sent me 0.25 BTC back, now I have 1.75 BTC and you have 0.25 BTC. If I then go and correctly close the channel and make a claim for my 1.75 BTC, and you show the old receipt saying I only get 1.5 BTC, that will simply be rejected because it's not the most recent version of the agreed-upon truth
@_date: 2018-01-13 01:31:58
The problem is that would allow for cheating.
If I start with 2 BTC and you have zero, then I send you 0.5 BTC, then I submit an old state to the network where I still have 2 and you still have 0 I essentially defrauded you. What this setup allows you to do in that scenario is say "no, I have a more recent double-signed record where I actually have 0.5 BTC and fryguy_22 only has 1.5 BTC, look."
Now, the Lightning developers could have decided that in those instances, they just accept your newer signed record and give me 1.5 BTC and you 0.5 BTC - all fair. The problem is, that doesn't disincentivize my cheating, because I'll get away with it some % of the time.
Instead, in the above scenario, if you "report" my cheating you get the ENTIRE 2 BTC. Therefore, I'm incentivized to be honest, since I get a huge penalty if I'm caught lying.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:58:22
Good question. No. In the example you quote, A can ONLY grab all the funds in the channel if B has submitted a "cheat" (old) state. To grab these funds, A would have to provide proof of a more updated state (signed by both parties). They do not have the ability to move the funds at will. They do have the ability to use the most recent double-signed state to close the channel, but that does not harm either party (beyond just closing out the channel at the most recently agreed balance)
@_date: 2017-08-14 15:53:20
it takes 50 years to build :(
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:55:47
It's an interesting article, but I only suggested enlightened self-interest to the same extent that Bitcoin itself suggests it. I'm saying that the same reason miners would act honestly, so that they gain coins and can spend them on a useful and growing network, is the reason the banks will act honestly, so that they can utilize a useful and growing network.
Your article seems to be focused on deregulation; I don't think banks anticipate deregulation in conjunction with DLT implementation, but simply more efficient regulation, such as listening nodes for regulators or hashing of documentation to make audit easier, etc.
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:47:07
Why does crypto have value (not in general, but a certain cryptocurrency as opposed to a different one)? Because of the network. If there were nobody in the network there'd be no value. So, nodes have incentive to be well-behaved because they want the network to be maintained. They want the network to be maintained so their coins have value.
In the case of the banks, they have incentive to be well-behaved because they want the network to be maintained. They want the network to be maintained so they achieve benefits from the efficiency gains / revenue gains / other of the mutual bank network. You don't need crypto rewards for this private permissioned system because its participants are already inherently incentivized to act honestly.
@_date: 2018-03-14 18:14:22
Ok, so this probably isn't the right sub to get into the weeds on this, so I'll just clarify and be done and if you still disagree please feel free to respond one more time.
We seem to be talking past each other a bit on how we feel about bankers. I'm not arguing they are saints, I'm not arguing they are goodhearted, I'm not arguing for deregulation of the financial system as it relates to big banks.
I'm saying private permissioned networks can be built within bank networks, without crypto or PoW but with a BFT or similar consensus algorithm. The bank users will have enough trust in the software itself and in the behavior of other banks (remember, they know each other, it's not a Bitcoin-type network) such that they have incentive to run nodes honestly. If they don't the network will be weakened and their businesses will be harmed. For example, if banks share syndicated loans data and one or more parties hold back or misrepresent information, that hurts the investors and corporations and they won't use those banks as agents (or lenders, or trustees, etc) going forward. This is bad for business. These aren't one shot games, banks will need to think about how their actions impact their short, medium, and long term place in the ecosystem.
I'm by no means saying bank-issued digital currency or even bank-centric consumer payments using DLT are good; I'm saying lots of use cases you can go read about with respect to banks are about sharing information within a network in an append-only, automated, efficient manner compared to today's workflows and networks. This can be done using a private permissioned ledger within the participants.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:50:50
Yes, the article's content was fine and sensible. The headline was trash and not even really what the "experts" were saying. The message was more like "if you're going to invest, do your research and know your shit first"
@_date: 2018-04-26 16:12:15
Hmmm, this feels like at best a gray area to me.
If I said I was selling Bitcoin for $5k per coin, some would jump all over it. I could say there were no fees to transact in my Bitcoin and that they could be sent anywhere in the world. If I then sent you bronze yogurt lids labeled "Bitcoin" (obvious extreme example) I'd be defrauding you, right? That's a criminal act. This is different, but only in that it's more nuanced.
I guess the Ver / bitcoin cash argument would be that they, in good faith, believe they are selling the "real" bitcoin. I just have no idea how that court case would proceed and I don't think it is clear cut either way.