@_author: fsdafew
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:14:34
I understand what you are saying, but that is the wrong way to think about such things.
These people don't understand what they are missing. If everyone understood things of this level, everyone would invest in their education and go into Science/Engineering/Medicine/Business where all the money and advancement happens. You wouldn't have unplanned pregnancies, drug abuse, violence, gangs, etc. 
But this just doesn't happen. It's ideal to think, everyone can do it, so it's their problem, but in reality, they just won't either because they completely lack the knowledge/ability to do so or they just lack the initiative. It won't happen on it's own, not until they HAVE to do it to survive.
It does not benefit the BitCoin community to simply say "it's their problem, they'll figure it out if they want". You want this currency to grow and become widely accepted.
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:34:47
It currently is, yes. That's where my question originates from. As it is, and definitely as it is currently presented, it is completely beyond use for such people (do not just write it off as them being unwilling to learn, for some that would require significant effort to make up for lack of experience/knowledge).
Is it fine to just leave it like that? A currency for a technological elite (yes, it is an elite. A very small fraction of the world has the knowledge and resources to enter the bitcoin community). Is that what bitcoin aims to be? 
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:46:26
Look people outreach for a reason. It's not just for the fuzzy feeling of helping people, it's because giving others useful information/skills/etc. has a positive impact on their and, in turn, your society/community. 
It's been proven, it's not some kind of hippie talk. Spreading a skill to more people improves society and even the communities based around that skill.
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:37:10
They aren't dismissing it. They are completely unaware and/or completely lack the knowledge to understand/use it.
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:29:51
There are a multitude of things that are much more basic than this and have existed for much longer and are still not done universally.
Besides, why this whole "just sit back and let what happens happen" attitude? Why not actively support it?