@_author: fstnalnte
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:51:52
To gather intelligence on a person (or persons) of interest is literally a big part of their job.  Generally, the CIA relies more heavily on HUMINT (human intelligence), but SIGINT is a pretty essential part of that now in a more connected world.  You need to know who they're talking to, so rooting a phone or computer system to determine their contacts and messages would be one of the most basic things that they would be expected to do.
It's completely naive to think that this is some kind of grandiose revelation that this may be going on - it's practically what the agency exists to do (and, actually, similar alleged things has been reported on years before WikiLeaks).  I don't understand the big deal... there's no story here.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:02:29
Malware that targeted Windows and *nix has been around for ... pretty much as long as Windows and *nix has been around.  Nowadays, malware has been getting progressively more sophisticated, and it's no surprise that various government agencies (in practically every government around the world) uses malware.  In nearly any country you find yourself, you are vulnerable to having your computers and phones bugged/compromised through a variety of methods.  It's definitely not just any one agency or government.  That's just the way the world works now.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:27:00
There's zero evidence that Microsoft is complicit.  I personally do not think they are, except to the extent required by law (to provide information when subpoenaed and so on).
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:12:35
How does this go too far?... it's pretty much standard practice for every intelligence agency that exists anywhere in the world nowadays, not just in the US.  Think about what the article is really saying, they have potential to root phones and computers and plant malware - it's not really groundbreaking.
Even some of the high school kids who show up to fix computers can probably do that...
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:41:52
These are not crimes, though.  And the Apple case was vs the FBI, which is completely different anyway.  And how the heck does this relate to some weird conspiracy to steal bitcoins?  There's nothing even remotely related to that in the alleged leak.  You're not thinking rationally.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:36:58
That's not entirely true, through, since there are special powers specifically granted to federal agencies.  For example, recently 'Rule 41' has changed during the Obama administration to allow federal agencies expanded powers to access electronic devices (even remotely), as is needed in an increasingly interconnected world to effectively perform their duties: 
I believe that one warrant (or a FISA warrant) can be applied to any number of devices as long as they are related to an investigation or operation's specific mandate.  And remember, warrants don't even need to be sought by most CIA operations to begin with, because they tend to focus on foreign intelligence gathering (not US citizens).  So it's mostly a non-issue for the agency.  If, through affiliation/contact, they need to expand gathering to a US citizen or citizens, often it is passed to a different agency or a warrant is then needed.
Naturally, it would be counter-intuitive to have to get permission from the targets to do this kind of intelligence gathering, because doing so would tip them off.  Would you prefer it to be done that way in your ideal world?