@_author: fuckinpolicesuck
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:02:39
Yes but I’m living in a van. If the van gets repoed I’m screwed and there’s no way I’m bringing thousands of cash on me to work either. As a cashier that’d look very suspicious entering and leaving with that much cash. If the till was ever off and they searched me I’d be in trouble. Even if I can prove it’s my money the police would still wonder why I have that much cash.  Then I’d have no logical explanation and cops these days like to use that civil asset forfeiture law thing
@_date: 2018-11-24 00:17:25
The thing is the money was already mine(like worked for not a loan) so it’s MY money to begin with. I just don’t want to keep paying an endless cycle of debt. 
It is perfectly LEGAL to make it difficult for a debt collector to find your assets. 
See at a debtors exam the last thing any attorney is going to be asking is “do you have any bitcoin”. It probably won’t even cross their mind. By law I am only required to answer their questions. If they do not ask I am under no obligation to tell them proactively. 
Buying bitcoin BEFORE being sued is the key. If I bought it afterwards they could say I was trying to commit fraud. That’s why I’m buying it now. At that point I can legally say I was just interested in cryptocurrency (not a lie) and bought it with the rest of my money thinking it was a good investment since the price was right(also not a lie) but first they’d have to find out I have it. 
Someone I know has been through bankruptcy before. He locked his Chexsystems file so they couldn’t see what accounts he had open then moved all his money to a prepaid account like green dot.  No trace ever reported on his credit report or Chex. Left around 1k in the bank and made small withdrawals leading up to the lawsuit. Not a cent in that prepaid card was touched. 
It’s not illegal. What it is would be unethical. Now these banks have been robbing people for YEARS. 25%apr is borderline CRIMINAL. I would also argue that if the bank has made more money on interest than you have taken it’s not unethical either. It would be wrong to say max out all your credit cards and flee the country (I also know a dual national who did this very thing and renounced American citizenship- never paid a cent back). Now that’d be wrong. But in my case I’ve paid more than I’ve taken so it’s not theft in that sense. Debt is civil. Theft is criminal. 
The only reason I even keep the same phone number is hoping that when they call the debt collector will make a mistake. I record everything waiting for them to harass me so I can sue. If I did that we’d be even
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:44:14
Wait I can actually do this???
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:43:48
Okay that sounds like a good idea. 
Thinking digital gift cards instead of physical ones so I can just log back into an account and have them appear. Physical cards might be found. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:47:49
Technically it’s not fraud. 
It’s fraud if they get a judgement and I actively try to hide my money as they try to collect it. 
If I hide my money before they even sue me it’s not illegal in any way. 
Debtors exam- plead the 5th
And the banks are robbing people left and right. Look at Wells Fargo. They are the pos. They stole my mothers house(and that’s coming from someone who’s got a poor relationship with his mom)
Tbh I’ve probably paid them more in interest over time than the amount they’ve given me in credit
@_date: 2018-11-24 03:29:25
Ugh I wish I could 
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:45:07
I wish. Said van is financed through a bank. If I stop paying for it each month they’ll take it. If I file bankruptcy they’ll take it because it’s not mine. Kinda stuck