@_author: fuckeverything2222
@_date: 2018-01-09 04:39:36
It can't just keep increasing for several reasons, but the 1mb block size isn't really special, it's just what was used at the start.  Supposedly Satoshi himself said that it may change.
As someone else mentioned coins released is halved every few years (4? iirc) until it eventually becomes 0.  Block difficulty is dynamically adjusted based on total hashing power so that blocks per unit time is somewhat consistent.
@_date: 2018-01-12 18:18:14
Vote with your wallet is absolute nonsense.  If coinbase has cheaper fees and lower barriers for entry then people are going to use it, periphery considerations be damned.
People use their money in the way that's in their personal interest.  That's what we expect and it's what we observe.
@_date: 2018-01-26 01:03:08
Yep.  When *you are* right, *you are* right
@_date: 2018-01-11 08:49:41
I think you're looking a bit too much into the funders and patterns that aren't necessarily there.  Billionaires fund lots of things (because, well, they're billionaires), especially in the tech field.
The personal information on the interface you see there is almost certainly because of know your customer/banking secrecy laws, the existence of which is one of many reasons to support bitcoin.
In any case you don't really seem to have an issue with the pineapple fund, just this specific charity that he chose to give to.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:53:56
My point is you're making a decision that is irrational from the perspective of classical economics because you're trying to "vote with your wallet".  Which is fine if you personally value the ideal of voting with your wallet.  But the reality is it that it's an absurd system that breaks down under even the slightest scrutiny.  Most people don't hold that ideal so they simply make the "rational" decision and buy whatever works best for them (not necessarily the cheapest $, utility in the form convenience or whatever works too.  The point is that it's not a political decision).  But you know who does like to "vote with their wallet"?  The people with lots of votes.
@_date: 2018-01-26 00:39:37


@_date: 2018-01-11 09:14:02
When miners do their thing they choose which transactions to include, so if enough transactions are rolling in with higher fees than yours it will never go through.
I don't know how mycelium in particular works, but since your transaction was never placed on the block chain you still have those coins and you can send them again.  There is a risk that your last transaction goes through at a later date- for example if you have 1 btc and are trying to send 0.4 btc, when you repeat the transaction and it gets confirmed you may end up sending 0.8 btc total.  You may want to just send all your coins to a new wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:47:37
It's honestly not even an argument any more, there's plenty of research to show that people simply don't treat money the way classical economics wants them to.  Dan Pink is a very approachable start to such research.
We can even see this research being put into practice in the real world, especially in silicon valley.  We're in the midst of a paradigm shift in the social aspect of business operation.
Have you ever challenged your beliefs about capitalism as a meritocracy?  I know the argument is mostly about corrupted/crony capitalism (as a side thought where does this come from and how will you prevent it happening again?), but people born rich have a massive advantage over those born poor.  There's just no way that a free ride through the first 20+ years of life is comparable to people who don't even get proper nourishment as children.
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:33:29
Can anybody explain to me or give resources on how to claim BCC and BCG?  I'm very confused on the topic.
I had &lt; 0.1 bitcoin from a few years ago in an Electrum wallet (still there).
I've seen some mentions that claiming bcg could put my btc at risk, so I'm hesitant to follow the instructions I find on google.
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:18:32
Both links that he uses as sources are 404 errors so there's only so much I can say.


This shows a fundamental misunderstanding of not only the critiques of capitalism, but of how capitalism itself works.  Capital begets capital.  That isn't controversial, when you have money you invest it and get a return on it.  When you have a business you soak up profits over time.  The argument isn't that they inherited wealth and then just sat on it and that's why their rich, in fact that would cause them to lose money over time.
Furthermore, it's not just about dollars inherited.  They have mountains upon mountains of opportunities that other people don't get.  If you're born to a family that has an annual realized income over ten million (lets take a minute to realize how absurdly fucking much that is) then you get the best education, the best training, you make the best possible connections of anybody else in the country for when it's time to start job hunting, etc.  If you're born in the wrong neighbourhood you're statistically more likely to be shot dead or sent to prison than finish highschool.
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:02:28


So to be clear, your argument is that personal anecdote is more valid than science?
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:48:31
Short term yea, but if we put a big enough crack in centralized banking it will definitely be noticed and felt.  Bitcoin isn't exactly revolutionary in it's own right but it's a better start than we've seen in a good while.
@_date: 2017-12-28 21:31:50


And what I'm saying is "natural" is code here for they were born with it.  If that isn't what you mean then please be more specific, because it seems to me you keep saying the same thing and then denying that you said it.


This makes it worse, not better.  If you have the right attributes then you can maybe do well, or maybe you wont!  Who knows!


Yes and my question to you is why did they have different results.


Do you believe it is successful at that, in the world we live in?  If yes have you ever challenged that belief?
From your sources, all of which relating to USA:








So firstly I'm going to be more clear on what I meant to claim.  I said "rise out of poverty" which was imperfect because I didn't mean any specific measure of "poverty", just being at the bottom of the totem pole so to speak.  But we can still learn from these statistics.
There are 9.4% fewer families in poverty 2014-&gt;2015.  There are 7.5% fewer people in poverty over that same year.  So yes, very few get out.  To put the family of four income into perspective, I had to argue with somebody else in this thread that being born into a family with annual *realized* income of ten **million** wasn't a gigantic-fucking-deal for one's ability to become a millionaire.
I don't think it's okay from any perspective for over 10% of Americans (one of the richest nations in the world!) to be in poverty.  And these people are supposed to what, go online and learn some advanced skills while still struggling to provide for themselves and families?  And only then can they compete with the sons of millionaires in the sparse job market, who know all the right people and went to the right schools; who were taught by daddy how to stand up straight and speak properly to give the right impression, who had time to develop interests and auxiliary skills, and participate in extracurricular activities or volunteer work for their resume.
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:07:34
I honestly just don't understand how you can support capitalism if you admit that it's inherently unfair and the vast majority of people's lives are determined by birth.
Let me ask you this:  Why do the "winners" of capitalism, those who become rich against all odds, win?  What is it about these people causes them to rise above, so to speak?  If it's because of material conditions then the conclusion is that the vast majority of poor stay poor for reasons outside their control.  If it's some inherent characteristic of these people then we're back to genetic lottery.
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:34:43
And where do those factors (personality, interest, etc) come from?  It circles back to the same question.  (it's a metaphysical analysis for clarity, a dialectic analysis would involve more thorough investigation as well as statistical analysis of the material reality we see.  These exist and I encourage you to seek them out, especially with respect to statistics) 
It sounds to me like you believe it's inherent to the people, a genetic lottery.


If you follow this to it's natural conclusion then you're saying people are born with the traits that determine if they 'should' be rich or poor, and the capitalist system is a way to weed out the bad ones (by sending them to poverty) and bring up the good ones (well, at least some of them.  Others get shot because they were born in a ghetto, sucks to be them I guess).  So why then do so few people rise out of poverty?
@_date: 2017-12-28 21:45:05
All economies in the world are capitalist, or at best quasi-capitalist.  Statistically, the top economies in the world are colonizers.  Nobody is really deluded about why rich countries are rich, this is not a controversial topic.


My point is that there is no such thing as "right" work, there is only human beings doing things with their mind and body.  You've misunderstood my argument completely.  If two people spend a day doing qualitatively similar things, but one of those people is a curr on society while the other is just some guy, wherein is the difference?  It is my belief that you are asserting the difference is that one is "employed" or has a "job", which is dogmatic and cannot be used as a defense of capitalism because that is circular logic.  If that is not your argument please be more specific because I don't understand it.


My theory (not ideology, that means something different) is based on material analysis of real life on the aggregate.  That is, the "real lifes" of thousands and thousands of people, collected and studied by researchers.  Your theory is based on the real life of one person.  Each data point is a person with a real life just as real as yours, but to make meaningful conclusions we look at what is common to many, many people instead of the exact experience of one person.
@_date: 2017-12-30 14:13:58
please don't make moral judgements based on meaningless blanket terms like "drugs"
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:23:15
I have them, on an Electrum wallet on a laptop.
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:45:12
It was my understanding that if you had bitcoin at the time of fork then you got an equivalent amount of those coins.  Is that right?
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:10:52
Most of the relevant points in that link come from the following source:
Stanley, Thomas J. and William D. Danko. The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy. Lanham, MD: Taylor Trade Publishing, 1996.
Which I intend to look into.  My expectation is that the arguments are similar to above and largely consist of bending the term "self made", but there's only one way to find out.
Relevantly, one of those facts points out that "most" millionaires in America are business owners which is, if anything, a point *towards* the critiques of capitalism.
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:00:11
It wasn't a personal shot at you.  If you argue that there's no luck involved then you believe capitalism is perfectly meritocratic, and nobody seriously believes that.


If I'm groking this right it's a criticism of idealism, which I whole heartedly agree with, as a materialist.


Firstly, to be clear, the argument is whether or not poverty *inherently* begets poverty.  It is an observable fact in our material reality that poverty *does* beget poverty.
It seems to me that you're using hard work as a goal post, which is a circular argument because we're debating whether or not it works as one.


What exactly separates begging on the streets from "working"?  In fact, there are people out there whose job is to do essentially that, going around asking different people/organizations/etc for money.  They both labour (so to speak) in qualitatively comparable ways.  The difference is that one is selling their labour power, while the other simply performing labour.  To the employed beggar he isn't leaving the house to go beg for money, he's going to sell his labour power in exchange for money.  It's not about the material reality of his work, it's an exchange of labour power for money.  This is referred to as alienation.


I must admit I'm not sure where you were going with this.  However, there is science to suggest that money as a motivator works quite well... until you no longer worry about it.  Once your means of sustenance are covered, not only do other human motivators surpass the $ motive, but the $ motive can even have a negative affect.  Dan Pink is a very approachable start to such research, in particular there's a great video that can be found pretty easily (on mobile, sorry) by searching for 'rsa animate dan pink'
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:15:28
Sorry to be crass but your opinion simply is not based in reality.  "Drugs" doesnt really mean anything, millions of people are addicted to caffeine but nobody cares because it doesnt conflict with our bourgeois morality of productivity.  Lsd does not "eff up" many lives, its simply not a claim with a basis in materially observable reality.  Prescription opiates on the other hand have ruined many many lives; do you politely ask people not to take their doctor prescribed pain medication?
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:00:15
It really doesn't depend on the person and that's exactly our point.  Will some % of people rise up and bust their ass off and make it out of poverty?  Sure (but not without any luck involved).  That doesn't matter though, because the statistically massive percentage of them don't.
So the question is why?  Why don't they just try harder and do better?  If poverty doesn't inherently beget poverty, then why do we materially observe that poverty begets poverty?
@_date: 2018-02-22 23:41:32
Both of those things are overtly for economic gain so I'm not sure how you can say they aren't even connected.  Why do you think they happen?
Most of them didn't have *jobs* before because *jobs* aren't integral or naturally occurring parts of human life, they're part of an economic system.
None of this really matters to my original point, which is that the western economic crises of the last few decades have been passed wholesale onto the working class.  You can throw whatever bootlicking rhetoric at that that you want but it doesn't change the reality of the situation.  It's a shitty time to be poor and it's just getting worse, and it isn't the result of some mystical force that is beyond comprehension.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:58:12
This was actually a "solution" to economic problems.  During periods of economic crisis when nobody was spending money (because they didnt have it) we had this bright idea of extending massive amounts of credit to these same people (who still dont have money).  Now theyre spending and the economy can continue chugging along!  Of course it doesnt really solve anything and just passes the issue into the future (at the great expense of the newly indebted masses), but isnt that what neoliberalism is all about?
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:25:00


In the most respectful way possible under the circumstance my response is "pfffffffffffft"
America has been in a shit spiral for a long time now.  Funny you use the word productivity because it's propped up primarily on the basis of exporting production to poor and oppressed areas.
@_date: 2018-02-22 20:04:19
Yeah let's also not pretend that countries exploited by western imperialism aren't *consistently* turning to popular revolution because of the absolutely horrible conditions of life there.  And let's not pretend that America hasn't intentionally supported several terrible regimes for economic benefits.  Saddam and Bautista come to mind immediately though there are many more, and if we go beyond American government to American leaders of industry we can add Hitler and Mussolini to the list.
It's not nearly popular enough to shit talk America.
@_date: 2018-02-22 21:26:18
It wasn't a "swap" it was an abstraction.  What we're talking about is a global economic system and what it does to perpetuate itself.  What *you* are doing is limiting the scope of your analysis so much that it can be justified by points which are technically true (their wages have gone up!) but at the same time fails to provide any semblance of understanding of what is going on in the world by simply ignoring it.
We really just can't imagine the situation as america sprinkling some magical extra wage dust on the third world, we need to actually understand what is happening to analyze it.