@_author: fuckjeah
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:43:53


It's a subtle one and I had the same view till it was pointed out to me on HN to read a paper: 
Scarcity is also something you must consider, no matter how you do a split, it will affect value ESPECIALLY if you do it to override scarcity so more units are available on the market. 
If BTC was to up the denomination fractions, it could not realistically be done for that specific purpose or it would dilute value of any holders but I will concede it could be done, say, 50 years before for convenience and then become handy to avoid such a situation later but I personally would doubt it could be done for the purposes of more denominations to appease a scarcity of units in the market without diluting value.
If there were 1 BTC left, there are 100 million units on the market. If you split then, even though the value is split, the scarcity goes down on available units which lowers the purchasing power further than just the split value.
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:17:46
It seems like a shitty suggestion to me. It would make BitCoin inflationary. Why would the last holders of BTC have a 51% vote to lower their holdings value? I feel like I just entered the twilight zone and you just tipped BitCoin to a guy who told you the solution to the problem of more scarce BitCoin is to turn it into the US dollar.
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:23:14
Well scarcity drives the price up. So you want scarcity at the start (so we are limited and won't have 21 million coins for over 100 years yet) and the idea is lost coins introduce scarcity at the end, however, the idea is also that as time goes on, should BitCoin survive, there will be every incentive (as well as options in the market) so people recognise it as having value and so they protect it from loss.
I also imagine there will be methods of using the BitCoin contract system as it matures and innovations will be created around that to reduce the need for physical access to the data for ultimate security. So in that world, loss of BTC to the market would be rarer. Theft on the other hand...
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:03:26
Yeah I was hoping you wouldn't say that... because isn't that just quantitative easing of sorts.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:46:49
Don't you mean 10^8?
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:19:40


Well the order matching system is centralized (so is the API, but it doesn't have to be). So the API can be collocated around the world and even more than that, it can be horizontally scaled, just chuck more boxes behind load balancers. The order matching system should not be web facing at all.


Well they do use API keys now. The problem isn't that people with the API access are using say, bots on the API to create a DDoS and sending too much traffic (so as you mention, you could identify them and cut access), it is that they are launching a DDoS attack separately from the API, over the web and that DDoS isn't just taking down the site, or the API, it is taking the order matching system (which is not only web facing but also coupled to the website, so its completely avoidable).
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:51:12
You know what else people have been hearing? People in Spain (and the other iffy EuroZone countries) were hearing that with BitCoin the government can't steal their money and then the price boomed like crazy.
What proof did these people have that the government couldn't touch their money? Because if the government had that capability, SilkRoad would not exist. SR has been discussed in the US congress, the US DoJ has put out multiple statements of intent to shut down SR and its still here. SilkRoad is the greatest security proof we have, infact, if it is shutdown, it will probably be because of a technical flaw in any of the other systems they rely on, except BitCoin.
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:04:19


I don't see how (at least in the short term) unless Avalon announces more batches (but I think 3 was all they planned on).
@_date: 2013-04-06 10:33:36
Because they told us. It is in their statement. They said the order matching system is on the internet and coupled to the website which is why the two steps they are taking now (but did not think to take in the last 2 years) are to disconnect it from the internet and de-couple it from the website.
By their own admission if they did those two things they could still take and execute orders if the site went down. Its all right there in the text you are supposed to be commenting on man.
@_date: 2013-04-04 11:23:57
I was just [reminded]( that a child born in 1996 created and scaled a phone application and web systems to about the size MtGox is now, in his bedroom, by himself after school and he recently sold that to Yahoo.
What other word to use for 22 "professionals" who can't do the same as a child other than "idiot"?
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:55:19
The government CAN't control BTC by design. It is a feature, and a critical feature that lead us to the current valuation.
If you think we can't have a currency not controlled by a government then you are blind, because we do have one, it is called BitCoin and you are currently discussing it on a subreddit dedicated to it.
@_date: 2013-04-04 08:43:00
No, do you think DDoS on the NYSE will bring down the order matching systems? No they won't because it is known in this industry that YOU DON EXPOSE CRITICAL SYSTEMS TO THE INTERNET.
This is not a DDoS problem, those happen in larger scales to other websites you use all the time. This is a problem with their system being tightly coupled.
The shameful thing is they had 2 years to prepare for this.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:11:09
You expose the API to the internet, not the order matching system.
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:26:05
Well Avalon chose to use BitPay but others might not and I have no reason to believe Avalon will do another batch as they were upfront about doing 3 batches.
I have to also assume the low money ASIC boom is over at this point.
@_date: 2013-04-04 08:37:33
I know, imagine if all you had to do to take away Goldmans auto trade advantage was DDoS their website, or DDoS the WhiteHouse website and mess up the FED.
I see people in this thread sticking up for MtGox, acting like this just happens, no DDoS happens, but exposing critical systems to the internet? Having the order system coupled with the website? That's basic level stuff.
I thought they couldn't scale because they ended up getting a competent security staff in after the 2011 hack and they were being pragmatic to not change systems until they were secure, but now I think MtGox is even more insecure than ever before because they just told me the order matching system is not only online, but coupled to the website. /facepalm
I appreciate the polite statement from MtGox, but if anything this has cemented my decision to not rely on them. I thought they just had problems scaling up, I didn't know they were idiots (sorry if that word is rude MtGox, but I find it better to not suffer fools gladly, I wish you were the same, I would probably think you're rude but I wouldn't think you are incompetent).
@_date: 2013-03-18 17:32:02


Well yeah but it isn't just China though is it? China is the largest foriegn investor but Japan is right behind it since they are both owed over 1.1 trillion each. Infact according to [wikipedia]( 48% of the public held debt is held by foriegn investors, so the stake of US citizens and foriegn investors is just about equal, with the latter due to increase as the buying power of the dollar decreases.
@_date: 2013-04-02 19:57:39
You are confusing Germany with the Eurozone and the EU. Those are all different entities. Germany is just the head of the Eurozone (countries in the EU that use the Euro), by itself it is just a $3 trillion country, the EU as a whole however, is the largest market the world has ever known. Why you would list Germany ahead of say, Japan, the second largest economy in the world, I have no idea, even the UK would be a better bet since they have more financial systems than Germany and influence over other CommonWealth countries which ends up being the majority of the English speaking world.
Why would you assume China would accept this without a doubt? China is the only one of the countries you mentioned with a track record of limiting internet access across the board (to disable specific content or applications) and the most successful of the countries you listed at managing their currency. They currently benefit from artificially lowering the value of their currency by pushing value out of the country (buy buying debt) that leads to their labour being cheaper which leads to more money being brought into their country so by the time they get their money back, they will have a very strong currency. Why would the powers that be in China of all places think BitCoin is a good idea?


Good, because you are.
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:00:12
Oh yeah. I had completely forgot about that. You are right.
Happy cake day.
@_date: 2013-04-04 08:44:07
No because they still would have critical parts of their system exposed to attacks.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:32:21
To simplify: Their 3 major components (website/api, database, order matching) are tightly coupled (because it started out smaller so each component grew to be closely dependant on the next). If they had a more sophisticated messaging system the order matching could take place anywhere, the attacker doesn't know where to send packets and even if they do, you can pop up in another location in minutes.
@_date: 2013-11-24 02:01:04
Not really, I was watching it slip 5 minutes before he wrote that. You'll also notice (at the time of writing) that the transaction volume was on a single exchange (mtGox) and not 4.
Will it dip? Yeah, its an illiquid market so any large sell or combination of sells will push the price down, thats the nature of the beast for the moment. Will other markets reflect dips on a large market? Yeah, that happens too but the scenario the OP painted did not just happen (with a single entity or random single entities synchronised to make a drop across the board).
My bet? Someone just sold a bunch of BTC on a single exchange and maybe a few punters who recently bought in got cold feet and followed suit.
Believe me, if the OP had these magic abilities he wouldn't be typing on reddit, he would have just made lots of money and would be laughing maniacally whilst popping champagne.
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:44:07


That wasn't a stupid argument, it was true up until a few months ago since SR was one of the first applications of BitCoin and after the first rise (and fall) of BitCoin the price never went to 0 BECAUSE of SR.
I don't think this payment provider has eclipsed SR in sales. They are using old unofficial data from primary research against their known figures and stating it as absolute truth.
Think about it, during this little boom BitPay is bragging about, there were numerous news stories spreading the word of BitCoin, how many times do you think SR was mentioned in those articles and how many times did BitPay get mentioned? Do you really think SR didn't get an influx of new BitCoin money as well as old BitCoin money (since prices are now way lower than they were before)?