@_author: fuckingshitman11
@_date: 2018-10-18 17:00:31
i really hope so!
we should all be donating to dex development because it\\s literally a matter of time before they start shutting down exchanges!
and there is even work being done on tokens that essentially allow decentralized margin trading!
we will miss bitfinex and bitmex so bad if something happens we need to start rallying together and donating to a team of developers to come up with a more robust solution!
this is the margin trading token:
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:33:41
Take a joke? I know sarcasm doesnt transfer well through text but it was a jab at liberal media and their race baiting and hypocrisy. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:37:02


What the hell does this have to do with John McAfee? False equivalence anybody? 
**Listen to man's own goddamn words for fucks sake:**
The Belezean gangster government has tried to kill him 3 times and Mcafee is a victim of a relentless pursuit on his life and they will do anything to slander him including kill his dogs in an attempt to connect him to a murder. 
And bottom line if someone kills your pet that is *almost* grounds for physical violence. Its not, and anyone who does that is a piece of shit in their own right but at the same time there are things that are forgivable and the world isnt black or white and the teachings of Jesus Christ lament about the importance of forgiveness. Even a rapist serial killer like Hillary Clinton could repent and do the world some good and John Mcafee chooses to use his enormous resources to help fight for freedom and he is taking on projects which will help us hold on to our privacy. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:10:48
Jesus christ people attacked me for linking an *interview* with john mcafee because they irrationally hate the interviewer. I link interviews of people with the likes of Gerardo Riviera (however its spelled) even though I think theyre douchebags but that doesnt mean the interview was bad. These people think I am the crazy one yet they are batshit insane! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:51:08
It's actually best to buy the fuggin dap.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:53:01
Gee i wonder where this opinion came from?
@_date: 2017-09-16 01:46:09
And the character attacks lacking logical arguments just keep *cummin!* Is this libtard Christmas cause you keep giving me irrational gifts which strengthen my position! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:46:33
unironically this
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:51:13
OH nose le ebil racis alex "the frogs are guh" jonez. Its not like he's ever said anything true, ever or idk **interviewed the man in question which the mainstream neo-liberal marxist globalist media ignores!.** Obviously John Oliber insulted him and it's trendy to hate him so I need to virtue signal to everyone I am too good to watch libertarian media and I take pride in serving authority! 
Literally, look at the literal goblins you guys have literally turned into:
And atrazine is literally turning the frogs hermaphrodites and the scientist who discovered this was an effeminate black man so that is *very progressive and all liberals should love it:*
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:31:59
Soon AI will replace shills.. oh wait.. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:56:01
Idk about kim but Mcafee is pretty fucking bad ass and everyone that meets him says he is incredibly nice. If you look into the case he didnt murder anybody and the only real bad thing you can say about him is that he likes to party on stimulants but since when is that such a bad thing? Also he has a black wife so that is very progressive, and he is a perfect advocate for freedom because he has inside knowledge on corruption by state entities from his business deals. 
EDIT: I realize having a black gf or wife is no big deal and my comment specifically was a sarcastic jab because **liberals are the only ones who care about race anymore** and this is easily perceptible because they race bait in the media all the god damn time. If you really think I am stupid enough to think interracial dating is edgy then go fuck yourself and you are retarded because hardly anyone is that fucking stupid and my comment was obviously sarcastic. Seriously I can't believe we are this far behind where the sarcasm is not evident in a sarcastic comment like that. It basically proves my fucking point. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:51:13
OH nose le ebil racis alex "the frogs are guh" jonez. Its not like he's ever said anything true, ever or idk **interviewed the man in question which the mainstream neo-liberal marxist globalist media ignores!.** Obviously John Oliber insulted him and it's trendy to hate him so I need to virtue signal to everyone I am too good to watch libertarian media and I take pride in serving authority! 
Literally, look at the literal goblins you guys have literally turned into:
And atrazine is literally turning the frogs hermaphrodites and the scientist who discovered this was an effeminate black man so that is *very progressive and all liberals should love it:*
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:27:45
OMFG, linking a motherfucking GIZMONDO article.  You know who these people are allied with? They're almost as bad as buzzfeed or gawker and produce clickbait specifically for facebook. You are acting as if cooperating with them is considered honorable and they are not fair game to deceive, and in Mcafee's case, spy on. You just linked a fucking article that makes Mcafee look bad ass as fuck. He literally gave the reporters a trojan horse like a fuckin genius spartan and then proceeded to btfo all them. Mcafee even admitted his plan to Moxie and did not lie to the hacker community! Do you understand that the neo liberal, globalist, marxist, click bait media may hate and disrespect Mcafee but that is *specifically* why "hackers" and libertarians  **love** him and also because he is a credible "hacker" who has revealed actual exploits and vulnerabilities. 
Mcafee is a regular attendent of defcon where he receives the love and adulation of hundreds of IT security professionals. I think that is much more respectable that a bunch of blood thirsty sjw millennial hounds that try to find anything they can blame some for and outrage their audience with! And before you go looking at hacker news or wherever and confirm your bias by reading the negative comments just remember that brainwashed libtards have managed to get their tentacles in even the most libertarian authentic programming circles and sites (like google which used to be libertarian), but although Mcafee may not have produced much code in recent years he employs dozens of very talented programmers and IT professionals and so he supports freedom and technology through those endeavors. The media slander combined with the unlicensed use of his software as a form of malware means that many less intelligent and unaware programmers and IT professionals have ignorant opinions of the man but many many more **love** the guy!
The author of that article is literally fucking hitler. He is an authoritarian plant/shill trying to warm up his audience to totalitarian practices they are trying to implement in the tech industry. I'm sure we are only a few weeks away from him praising implantable micro chips or calling for regulation of bitcoin but in the meantime he is **literally** sucking , neo liberal big brother mass surveyor, MARK ZUCKERBURG's decrepit authoritarian COCK!?! And calling him fucking Jesus mother fucking Christ for fucking crying out loud!?! Can you fucking believe this shit!?! Is this the kind of shit you find acceptable in your life?!?! What is wrong with you!??! Are you human?! ! Are you a real human being?! What the fucking hell are you fucking doing on a fucking bitcoin forum mother fucker?!   
AND IF THATS NOT BAD! Holy fucking shit here is the same fucking author subtely praising Mark Zuckerburg for going after "fake news," which includes fucking alternative news, and he neglects to fuc
king mention the fact that mainstream media lies it's fucking corrupt ass off every chance he gets. This mother fucker you linked me is literally fucking advocating for censorship of the fucking truth and calling it a lie while calling lies truth! And censorship of the fucking internet is wrong in general let alone when its attacking real fucking alternative news. Zuck is going after people like Corbet and Alex Jones and Abby Martin just because they do not have corporate sponsors and have dissenting opinions. This author is a total, fucking, shill and I whole heartedly support any efforts that Mcafee may use to collect information on goons like this.


Do realize I was being sarcastic and it sort of worked judging by the responses?
The exact point is **no one cares about race except libtards** because they are constantly race baiting in media!!!
The establishment is fearful of decentralized power and will do anything to defend their monopoly so they resort to petty strategies in order to weaken the general citizenry and prevent them from working together. Cohesive organically organized sectors all working in unison like cells and organs in an organism could easily overpower the establishment but they think if they can keep us in a blob of disarray then there's a chance that we wont stop the inevitable "major event" probably going to be carried out by ANTIFA which will serve to empower the totalitarian police state which so many of them crave and lust after. Racebaiting and nazi hysteria is the obvious weapon which they can use to accomplish this but it pisses me off the most when the globalist instigators get their slimy tentacles onto media i am very very passionate about like anime.
Netflix replaced "L" with a smooth black man in the, live action version of the anime, "Death Note" when he is supposed to be a half asian half white autistic nerd with dark circles under his eyes and "L" is possibly the most beloved anime character of all time and his race is a part of his characteristic traits and making him a smooth black man is like taking Kunta Kinte and making him big fat white woman. "L" is one of the few characters where his race matters although if there was a Black actor talented enough they may have been abel to pull him off but the Netflix depiction made absolutely no effort to do the character any justice and purposefully characterized him in an effort to radicalize fans of the original anime and to make them look like racists when they bring this up and netflix also characterized the other characters by making the white main evil instead of chaotic neutral and the female lead into a hipstery Kirsten Stewart type instead of the prototypical bimbo she was in the anime although the cast the demon role perfectly which meant they are not stupid and probably made these casting choices intentionally. Because the character "L" is a hero for lonely autistic nerd type this is why he was a good target to try and radicalize lonely generation Z kids, who already stray towards conservatism based on polls, because many of them watch anime. The following is 
A video that highlights how conservative gen z is:
Also the new star trek trailers had a bunch of cool black and asian female characters be the good guys then an evil cis white male, which i think would be ok, but I really think their intent is to specifically radicalize people and producers of star trek already admitted that they had Trump voters in mind when they wrote the story and the villains are supposed to be them, which again is OK from an artistic point of view but the producer is guilty of race baiting in other instances and generalizing all Trump voters as racist.
Then the guy that produced that star trek also made "the dark tower" movie which replaced a character based on Clint Eastwood with a black guy which could be fine but thats a very iconic role and also scott eastwood is clints son and looking for work so its disappointing they didnt cast him, but the main point is that alone any of these would not be a big deal but together they show a trend of trying to take iconic "white" roles and replace them with black characters. Its very rare for race to matter for a character but they seem to be finding the only ones that do and forcing the audience to accept them unless they want to be racists which divides people. Its also insulting to the audience because that is the director telling you that you need to have your biases challenged. Furthermore there are specific people doing this more than once like Soros or the producer of start trek and director of the dark tower.
Netflix started race baiting when George Soros purchased a piece of the company. They came out with the show "Dear White People" which arguably had no positive message and only served to highlight the small micro agressions that white people may or not make but addressed white people as a collective which served to insult white people as well and Netflix ran commercials for this show on Youtube like crazy even though it seemed like something which wouldnt be popular at all, at least with white people, and youtube knows which users are white so forcing the ads in the face of white people seems strange or more precisely it seemed trolly, provocative and race baity. I dont need to be reminded of what some drunk frat boy does which isnt socially appropriate yet Netflix thought i should.
Progressive in liberal terms, would literally be taking all the rich people's money and giving it to the poor, completely disincentivizing innovation; then making sure to regulate bitcoin, and banning gold outright; then teaching kids that they are not people until they are old enough to identify as a species; then bringing in radicalists (not just Islam but all kinds from around the world) to commit as many acts of violence as possible in an effort to empower the police state; then telling white people they are not allowed to breed, and must only date other races then removing all firearms while letting criminals have them in order to make people as reliant on the police state as possible; then killing all men and producing a machine which can create artificial semen. 
My whole point about his wife being black was that **only libtards care about race anymore**... and John should get a pass into their virtue signalling club because he improved the standard of living for multiple black women but the liberal media hates him because he fucked those ladies instead of being submissive to them and Mcafee stands for empowering individuals while the liberal media club wants to weaken people an make them dependent on a central authority. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:24:33
NO one fucking said that. But people are being falsely associated with those people. Just because someone calls themselves the same thing you are that does not mean you share the same views as them. Those white nationalists were attempting to subvert conservatives and libertarians and the way mainstream media covered it only helped them while ignoring radical leftist groups which are arguably just as big of a problem or even more threatening to our safety. If you dont believe me go check out /leftypol/ where they are actively cheering on violence. 
Guilty by association **is** a logical fucking fallacy and here you are trying to use it. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:32:52
WWeeewwwww lad. You think the dollar is fine and the Euro to? Seriously? Have you done any research? You realize that stocks and currency are not the same thing? You realize the cancer that has been growing since 2008? They have continued the same goddamn practices that caused the last crash and its only getting worse. Looks at damn chart for the dollar. I do not copy past either even if I may have misinterpreted your last post. 
Dollar Chart. Notice the downtrend. Its about to fall through the floor:
Listen to this podcast with Peter Schiff who is perhaps the most respected economist in the world and predicted the 2008 bubble about what he thinks is going on:
Schiff thinks the markets never got a chance to purge their bad investments and un healthy practices because the governments have been bailing them out and feeding the cancer. He thinks that the fed and other institutions are creating false signals of health in order to bait Trump into claiming that he is responsible for the market health in order to dump on him because they cannot hold back the inevitable crash. Seriously listen to the damn podcast, its with rogan and a must listen for anyone into finance. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 00:09:54
Are *you* fucking retarded? That guy was most likely being sarcastic in an attempt to insult anyone who doesnt believe the mainstream narrative with regards to the protest. And even if he wasn't, and was being sincere, then why the fucking hell would you assume that russia is behind that comment? Even if you are joking this ultimately proves that you are brainwashed by the likes of CNN and MSNBC into believing any conspiratorial views against the neo liberal establsihment and radical leftist groups!!!
Just becasue Russia, may or may not have, leaked information about corruption in the United States political system that does not disqualify the material in question. Have ever heard the saying the *enemy of my enemy is my friend?* Russia may have different interests than us overall but they share an interest with the voting public in exposing corruption by the neo liberal establishment. If they leaked information about Trump, which they supposedly have with the Pee-Pee-dossier then they share a related interest with the voting public which the left was more than happy to embrace:
Here is some true Russian subversion for you. An ex KGB agent explaining how they subverted liberalism in the 60s and 70s with authoritarian collectivism by introducing the idea that freedom may serve to promote inequality and they injected this into academic institutions which the liberal establishment has now coopted in an effort to keep power to this day:
And yes I am aware of the growing trend of white nationalists and nazis among our youth, specifically because I have dedicated so much fucking time to arguing with them on 4chan, but I have also spent an equal amount of time arguing with radical leftists about the need for freedom and the consequences of violence! You are ignorantly unaware of the danger that groups like ANTIFA pose to our freedom, because they are openly promoting violence and there are even establishment groups trying to egg them on in an effort to get them to do some mass violent atrocity so they can gain more power for the totalitarian police state!!! 
Check out the above forum. There are people on there calling for violence and for destroying our **entire financial system** and seizing our freedoms in an effort to redistribute wealth, but they fail to realize how this would only empower the police state. I know that racism is abhorrent and terrible but that is already established as wrong. How many people do you think would justify stealing from a rich person though and do you recognize how that may be an even greater problem which people are unaware of? 
I understand that crypto currency may **replace** our financial system and redistribute wealth but this would happen in an organic manner while still respecting what people have already worked for while violent communists wish to violently steal from who they falsely perceive as their oppressors and destabilize our entire society!!  
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:06:41
"Reeee he didn't support the crypto of my liking reeee shut him down!"
@_date: 2017-09-16 00:32:48
So youre only goal here is to subvert the community? It must be very disconcerting to you to know that no matter how hard you try to oppress and control people they will figure out a way to succeed in the face of adversity. No matter what happens to bitcoin, crypto will always continue being free in the form using anonymizing technology. 
When you lock people up or kill them the stronger ones will only survive and spread the techniques they used to avoid persecution. We are like bacteria which when the strong survive and multiply your oppression only serves to make us more robust, stealthier, and smarter. 
Why do you hate freedom so much? Just out of curiosity. I know that it serves your ego some how but I'd be curious to read what kind of vile venomous poison will spill out of your frail fingers if you answer that question. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:10:55
Umm yes, sweetie. Read Satoshi Nakamoto's white paper again you cancerous authoritarian. Your only wish is to subvert this community because crypto currency threatens your own cuckism. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:41:57
Centralized systems are vulnerable to human folly. Decentralization and autocracy hedges against this. Crypto currency is needed to provide competition against the established financial institutions. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:58:43
OH yeah because after you reveal damning information about the president (dictator) of a country and they send a hitman to kill you in the middle of the night turning yourself into their police seems like such a good idea!
Common man! There is something about Mcafee you dont like personally. What is it?
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:04:13


I may have been slightly ineloquent in my description of Mcafee's project but it was **not** an attempt to sound smart, condescending, or smug **like you are trying to do.** A  subnet *mask* is basically an IP address for a subnet and in an interview Mcafee said he was trying to build a private network, or sub-network, or *subnet...* ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°...  as an alternative to *tor.*  So in fact Mcafee may be creating a Subnet mask for us to type into our browsers to access his sub network. Make sense?
Do you understand how a network works? You are part of the local network which connects to a bigger network which connects to an even bigger network. Mcafee is or was planning on creating a large private network which *sub*verts the usual networks which we and allows you to communicate with others on the network without sending packets through the usual internet. I know that subnet is usually reserved for a specific part of internet infrastructure but thats why i said the word private in front of it. I don't claim to be an IT expert with years of experience but I still dont think its a completely inaccurate description for what I was trying to describe
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:56:25


If people want to make tasteless jokes about bitcoin shouldnt that be *allowed* because bitcoin represents freedom in general?
Y-y-you dont want to.,, d-dare i say... *regulate*..... bitcoin do you? 
Y-youre not an.. *a-a-a-a-u-u-t-horitarian*... a-are you?
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:56:49
Jesus christ then whats with the attack? I know this is reddit and everyone is super duper serious but I am trying to redpill some brainwashed liberals here. I know you might not think meme speak is very funny and I understand but I was doing it in a mocking way and you can see that the parts of my comment that were memey were supposed to be in the voice of the redditor I was replying to, therefore implying that their ideas were in fact the stupid ones like assuming anything produced by infowars is wrong, even if they promote some dome shit like ant vax arguments. Its the same as me screeching about an article on CNN that is factual or an interview. 
That is dogmatic and illogical and ad hominen. Idk though I will admit that reddit is a tough nut to crack and I dont know how to appeal to these liberal types so well and they may get offended at the slightest insult or joke unlike 4chan, but tbh I noticed that going the compassionate route actually works sometimes, and there was a female redditor calling me racist but when I got very deep, introspective, and compassionate she responded better and admitted she agreed with me. 
Here is a podcast link to a part of a Rogan podcast with Whitney Cummings where they talk about  how people only respond to arguments when you first acknowledge their opinion first:
I know you may not give a shit but I type fast so as long as the words come to me i just keep going so excuse me if this comment is long but I thought in case there is a chance you care I will just keep typing.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:53:47
Yes you should be able to "own" ones and zeros. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:16:16
Oh yeah lets hate eccentric people and make fun of them even though they're trying to fight for our freedoms! Yes everyone who is not featured positively on liberal media is a cartoon character! Yes John Stewart, John Oliver, and Stephen Colbert are so witty xD anyone who is manly or likes theyre own freedom is a buffoon! If you do not submit to authority you are a ridiculous garbage human being who does not deserve to be taken seriously ever! Yes we all know these things from watching edited 10 second long clips of these people instead of actually investigating them to see what theyre all about! 
What are you doing even buying bitcoin?! Shouldnt FIAT and stocks be more your bag? Wouldnt wanna empower individuals too much! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:18:26
Meh just that the liberal media should like this guy, but the problem is that he is supportive of self empowerment and individualism. Also I have seen reddit posters attacking the fact that his wife is younger than him which is ironic because she comes from a very poor family and he undoubtedly improved her standard of living. 
My comment was a big sarcastic and a jab at the liberal media and their brainwashed minions for their hypocrisy. Honestly the fact that his wife is black shouldnt matter at all and I am kinda a douchebag for even noticing it or caring about it in the first place but I see all this shit in the media trying to be supportive of black women and here John Mcafee is marrying one and making her life a lot better, so why isnt the liberal media enamored with him? Like I said, they have purposefully sought to corrupt the public's picture of him and painted him as a murderer and drug addict. Mcafee surely hasnt killed anyone unless it was in self defense when he was escaping beliz but the "neighbor's dog" story is false and you should watch interviews with macafee to see that it was an attempt by the media to corrupt his image. The media also released a story about him dying and then 24 hours later he had a hit attempt against his life so someone within the media is working with criminal or political organizations that dont like him. Also if he is a drug addict then why should we fucking care because he seems very functional and composed.
I honestly think that other than just the Belizean government there are others against him in the establishment and media. He exposed Belize selling passports to members of terror groups and we know that there are elements of the establishment aligned with terror groups like John Mccain who is pictured meeting with terrorists. Many terror groups were trained by the CIA to fight the soviets so its not a stretch to believe they may still have connections and Mcafee not only exposed part of the passport ring but also is a national symbol for individual freedoms and privacy and is working to subvert the main network which is monitored with a secure anonymous private dual linked  sub net quantum mask and he also has inside information because of his past work with information security. All in all I think its safe to say that Mcafee is being targeted by the Belizean government but also possible international crime members and there is a small chance that some US group may not like him as well. 
Anyway My post got way off topic but if you are interested in learning more here is a very good interview wiht 
McAfee on infowars: 
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:17:24
LIES! Do you know what a hit piece is? Why wont you listen to the fucking man himself?!?! Why would a billionaire risk his freedom by shooting someone over a fucking dog?!
Do you realize there are other billionaires that want Mcafee dead and discredited. 3 times people tried to kill him and the media has even reported him dead in an effort to slander him as much as possible because he discovered that the president of Belize was selling passports to terrorists and producing ricin!!!
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:40:18
 I would have gone a long with it probably if 5 people hadn't messaged me at the same moment attacking me and trying to pawn off their authoritarian ideas on me. Anyway my apologies. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:27:45
OMFG, linking a motherfucking GIZMONDO article.  You know who these people are allied with? They're almost as bad as buzzfeed or gawker and produce clickbait specifically for facebook. You are acting as if cooperating with them is considered honorable and they are not fair game to deceive, and in Mcafee's case, spy on. You just linked a fucking article that makes Mcafee look bad ass as fuck. He literally gave the reporters a trojan horse like a fuckin genius spartan and then proceeded to btfo all them. Mcafee even admitted his plan to Moxie and did not lie to the hacker community! Do you understand that the neo liberal, globalist, marxist, click bait media may hate and disrespect Mcafee but that is *specifically* why "hackers" and libertarians  **love** him and also because he is a credible "hacker" who has revealed actual exploits and vulnerabilities. 
Mcafee is a regular attendent of defcon where he receives the love and adulation of hundreds of IT security professionals. I think that is much more respectable that a bunch of blood thirsty sjw millennial hounds that try to find anything they can blame some for and outrage their audience with! And before you go looking at hacker news or wherever and confirm your bias by reading the negative comments just remember that brainwashed libtards have managed to get their tentacles in even the most libertarian authentic programming circles and sites (like google which used to be libertarian), but although Mcafee may not have produced much code in recent years he employs dozens of very talented programmers and IT professionals and so he supports freedom and technology through those endeavors. The media slander combined with the unlicensed use of his software as a form of malware means that many less intelligent and unaware programmers and IT professionals have ignorant opinions of the man but many many more **love** the guy!
The author of that article is literally fucking hitler. He is an authoritarian plant/shill trying to warm up his audience to totalitarian practices they are trying to implement in the tech industry. I'm sure we are only a few weeks away from him praising implantable micro chips or calling for regulation of bitcoin but in the meantime he is **literally** sucking , neo liberal big brother mass surveyor, MARK ZUCKERBURG's decrepit authoritarian COCK!?! And calling him fucking Jesus mother fucking Christ for fucking crying out loud!?! Can you fucking believe this shit!?! Is this the kind of shit you find acceptable in your life?!?! What is wrong with you!??! Are you human?! ! Are you a real human being?! What the fucking hell are you fucking doing on a fucking bitcoin forum mother fucker?!   
AND IF THATS NOT BAD! Holy fucking shit here is the same fucking author subtely praising Mark Zuckerburg for going after "fake news," which includes fucking alternative news, and he neglects to fuc
king mention the fact that mainstream media lies it's fucking corrupt ass off every chance he gets. This mother fucker you linked me is literally fucking advocating for censorship of the fucking truth and calling it a lie while calling lies truth! And censorship of the fucking internet is wrong in general let alone when its attacking real fucking alternative news. Zuck is going after people like Corbet and Alex Jones and Abby Martin just because they do not have corporate sponsors and have dissenting opinions. This author is a total, fucking, shill and I whole heartedly support any efforts that Mcafee may use to collect information on goons like this.


Do realize I was being sarcastic and it sort of worked judging by the responses?
The exact point is **no one cares about race except libtards** because they are constantly race baiting in media!!!
The establishment is fearful of decentralized power and will do anything to defend their monopoly so they resort to petty strategies in order to weaken the general citizenry and prevent them from working together. Cohesive organically organized sectors all working in unison like cells and organs in an organism could easily overpower the establishment but they think if they can keep us in a blob of disarray then there's a chance that we wont stop the inevitable "major event" probably going to be carried out by ANTIFA which will serve to empower the totalitarian police state which so many of them crave and lust after. Racebaiting and nazi hysteria is the obvious weapon which they can use to accomplish this but it pisses me off the most when the globalist instigators get their slimy tentacles onto media i am very very passionate about like anime.
Netflix replaced "L" with a smooth black man in the, live action version of the anime, "Death Note" when he is supposed to be a half asian half white autistic nerd with dark circles under his eyes and "L" is possibly the most beloved anime character of all time and his race is a part of his characteristic traits and making him a smooth black man is like taking Kunta Kinte and making him big fat white woman. "L" is one of the few characters where his race matters although if there was a Black actor talented enough they may have been abel to pull him off but the Netflix depiction made absolutely no effort to do the character any justice and purposefully characterized him in an effort to radicalize fans of the original anime and to make them look like racists when they bring this up and netflix also characterized the other characters by making the white main evil instead of chaotic neutral and the female lead into a hipstery Kirsten Stewart type instead of the prototypical bimbo she was in the anime although the cast the demon role perfectly which meant they are not stupid and probably made these casting choices intentionally. Because the character "L" is a hero for lonely autistic nerd type this is why he was a good target to try and radicalize lonely generation Z kids, who already stray towards conservatism based on polls, because many of them watch anime. The following is 
A video that highlights how conservative gen z is:
Also the new star trek trailers had a bunch of cool black and asian female characters be the good guys then an evil cis white male, which i think would be ok, but I really think their intent is to specifically radicalize people and producers of star trek already admitted that they had Trump voters in mind when they wrote the story and the villains are supposed to be them, which again is OK from an artistic point of view but the producer is guilty of race baiting in other instances and generalizing all Trump voters as racist.
Then the guy that produced that star trek also made "the dark tower" movie which replaced a character based on Clint Eastwood with a black guy which could be fine but thats a very iconic role and also scott eastwood is clints son and looking for work so its disappointing they didnt cast him, but the main point is that alone any of these would not be a big deal but together they show a trend of trying to take iconic "white" roles and replace them with black characters. Its very rare for race to matter for a character but they seem to be finding the only ones that do and forcing the audience to accept them unless they want to be racists which divides people. Its also insulting to the audience because that is the director telling you that you need to have your biases challenged. Furthermore there are specific people doing this more than once like Soros or the producer of start trek and director of the dark tower.
Netflix started race baiting when George Soros purchased a piece of the company. They came out with the show "Dear White People" which arguably had no positive message and only served to highlight the small micro agressions that white people may or not make but addressed white people as a collective which served to insult white people as well and Netflix ran commercials for this show on Youtube like crazy even though it seemed like something which wouldnt be popular at all, at least with white people, and youtube knows which users are white so forcing the ads in the face of white people seems strange or more precisely it seemed trolly, provocative and race baity. I dont need to be reminded of what some drunk frat boy does which isnt socially appropriate yet Netflix thought i should.
Progressive in liberal terms, would literally be taking all the rich people's money and giving it to the poor, completely disincentivizing innovation; then making sure to regulate bitcoin, and banning gold outright; then teaching kids that they are not people until they are old enough to identify as a species; then bringing in radicalists (not just Islam but all kinds from around the world) to commit as many acts of violence as possible in an effort to empower the police state; then telling white people they are not allowed to breed, and must only date other races then removing all firearms while letting criminals have them in order to make people as reliant on the police state as possible; then killing all men and producing a machine which can create artificial semen. 
My whole point about his wife being black was that **only libtards care about race anymore**... and John should get a pass into their virtue signalling club because he improved the standard of living for multiple black women but the liberal media hates him because he fucked those ladies instead of being submissive to them and Mcafee stands for empowering individuals while the liberal media club wants to weaken people an make them dependent on a central authority. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:31:18
Do not mother fucking judge a man before listening to his own words. **Mcafee making a statement about his innocence:**
His dog was killed after he exposed the Belizean government for producing ricin and selling passports to terrorists and there was an attempt on his life before the dogs were killed and Faull was killed. Mcafee is a reasonable person, a programmer by nature, and he had no logical reason for killing someone, and risking his luxurious life, and the Belizean government was proven to be **wildly** corrupt and they are the likely killers of Faull. Mcafee even says that if someone did something bad to him he would rather keep them alive so he could get revenge in other ways. 
And lets be honest, killing a dog is almost like killing a member of a family. I am not saying it's right but it's not trivial either, but either way You need to listen to Mcafee's own words because they are damn convincing and the Belizean government harassed him on **numerous** occasions and they have **tried to kill him at least three times.**
Here is an article about the latest attempt on his life:
Basically someone tried to poison him or make him ill recently and in the past there have been even media reports released about his death right before someone attacked him. Mcafee is no murder, rather, he is a victim of relentless pursuit by wealthy thugs which will stop at nothing to harm him and slander him in the media which you have sadly been persuaded by. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:58:24
They might get billions of dollars to jump ship out of a speculative market but alts like monero just get stronger the more governments try to ban them. Kinda like drugs. (✿◠‿◠)
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:51:08
It's actually best to buy the fuggin dap.
@_date: 2017-10-01 11:53:10


You obviously did not try hard enough! What distro did you try and did you make *any* effort to learn how to use the terminal? You spent literally years learning to read and write at some point. Would it kill you to spend a couple months becoming familiar with computers? 
Linus is *objectively* better and in fact easier to use. The problem though is that people cannot be arsed to look up something even for 5 whole minutes. Windows and Apple are literal mazes and become slower over time in an effort to extort the user into buying new hardware. 
Not only is there no excuse for spying on the user and it can be used to black mail users in the future, but it fucking makes the computer slow! Ever wondered why windows takes forever to load and constantly has to install updates and get slower and slower? Ever wonder why Linux uses so little resources and doesn't just randomly start using 2 gigs of ram over the course of a few weeks?
There is no fucking excuse. These are shit fucking products. People are fucking retarded idiots for putting up with this shit. It's like everyone is brainwashed or something but i guess that is the power of bias. 
Look at this UI:
Apple and Windows could never be customized to that point, and they force the user to use shitty flat or skeuomorphic headache inducing UIs because they're fucking full of shit and the developers only want to blackmail and extort their users. Where is the cyberpunk UIs promised us in movies and anime? Only on Linux! There is nothing which is easier to do on windows or Linux unless it has to do with some piece of proprietary software or spying on users. 
And the only reason that people think Windows is easier is because they are scared of the terminal interface, yet they learned how to read and write and cannot be arsed to even spend 1/100th of the effort when it comes to their computer. And I mean everything because I have dealt with windows server and there are corportate solutions that are very robust in Linux. 
**People do not have a right to control eachothers thoughts or arranging ones and zeroes.** Cryptography is very specific but even protecting cryptography with laws is dangerous and can lead to abuses of power. There are in fact very robust profit models available to developers and content creators which allow their customers to freely share their content. There is no need for brutally throwing people in cages for thought crimes anymore and therefore it needs to be taken off the fucking books! 
The founding fathers made all kinds of compromises but they **always** erred on the side of freedom. Benjamin Franklin famously said **" “Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.”** Our society has been cucked! People have been conditioned to err on the side of authority even when there are perfectly viable solutions which respect freedom! Society isn't going to collapse tomorrow if we forget about IP!
There are very specific and unusual situations where a case for information property might be righteous but this is for things like nuclear power or viral genetic engineering. But even then, relying on a centralized state authority leaves us vulnerable! A much more robust solution would be a decentralized network of trust! I don't have the specifics designed yet but in the future we would be better off using a kind of anonymous circle of trust using cryptography to trust each other on a mass scale while still respecting individual privacy, and it would be much much more robust and less vulnerable to single faults.
And you completely ignored the fact that all possible permutations of characters have already been "published" and creators are only finding these patterns. Every computer code exists already, every book, every conversation. It's not ethical anymore for individuals to be able to claim ownership of these abstractions anymore! And there is no need! 
Imagine when 3D printers become more robust and useful! Can you imagine how corporations are going to cramp down on people using IP laws? When 3D printers get better we could transition into a true *post scarcity* world yet I guarantee it will be the authoritarians and the corporations which stand in the way! 
Please, for the love of god, do not be a useful idiot for these people! You already disobey the laws... they're useless and ineffective just as much as telling people to not use drugs or gamble or engage in prostitution! You already use bitcoin! You already have the spirit of freedom yet some part of your ego clings on to your own enslavement! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:22:06
Look I will be honest. This isnt a regular subnet mask. It has special features which not only flip the bits but also each bitwise operator  in order to generate a completely separate IP address which connects to another sub masks' bitwise which actually generates a whole separate IP which you can then connect to or keep hopping. The technique is call mask hopping, or subnet mask hopping, but slang is just sub hoppin'. Its extremely effective and cutting edge, in fact you might say bleeding edge, but anyway its gonna catch on big soon and Mcafee will lead the way! I know it sounds complex and like complete bullshit and made up but it's 100% real. Just look up the interviews with Mcaffee. Just make sure you watch each one because he only talks about it for about 5 minutes but when he does that shit is so ca$h. 
As for shadow complex. I have played it. It's a pretty sweet game and metroidvania is definitely one of my favorite styles but I prefer traditional pixels vs the unreal engine. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:43:40
Allowing authoritarians to take control of crypto is far from win win. We need ultimate decentralization and autocracy. Something free from the corrupting nature of power. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:28:28
Ever heard of the "association fallacy?"
Its related to ad hominen and you are trying to falsely associate conservatism, classical liberalism, and libertarianism with white nationalists just like the mainstream media did proving the person's point who you are responding to! The white nationalists were also acting in order to achieve the same goal and *you are only helping them.* Therefore you are more of a white supremacist or nazi than some random conservative person, because your goal of subversion is the same as the white nationalists and nazis. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:40:18
 I would have gone a long with it probably if 5 people hadn't messaged me at the same moment attacking me and trying to pawn off their authoritarian ideas on me. Anyway my apologies. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:16:16
Oh yeah lets hate eccentric people and make fun of them even though they're trying to fight for our freedoms! Yes everyone who is not featured positively on liberal media is a cartoon character! Yes John Stewart, John Oliver, and Stephen Colbert are so witty xD anyone who is manly or likes theyre own freedom is a buffoon! If you do not submit to authority you are a ridiculous garbage human being who does not deserve to be taken seriously ever! Yes we all know these things from watching edited 10 second long clips of these people instead of actually investigating them to see what theyre all about! 
What are you doing even buying bitcoin?! Shouldnt FIAT and stocks be more your bag? Wouldnt wanna empower individuals too much! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:43:40
Allowing authoritarians to take control of crypto is far from win win. We need ultimate decentralization and autocracy. Something free from the corrupting nature of power. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:26:49
How underage? You know age of consent is different in other countries? Show your proof if youre going to make a claim like that. I seriously doubt Mcafee had sex with any girls that were prepubescent. There is a lot of difference between sleeping with a 12 year old and 16 year old, and the latter is legal in many places. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 01:42:11
Nice. I know I asked you a personal question but you are in fact copping out right now by simply making a personal attack on me. At least I provided *some* logic behind my remarks about your ideology. 
What do I not get? Why would maturity result in submission to authority? 
 
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:42:52
I know that was the irony, but the difference between bitcoin and content is that bitcoin is intrinsically secure while securing content requires brutal authoritarianism. Are you really telling me people should get in trouble for pirating? IP is very abstract and I understand there is a debate to be had around what is ethical in terms of sharing but the thing that really drives me crazy about this is that there is a profit model that allows freely distributing information. Look at patreon or kickstarter or even advertising. Cryptocurrency is going ot make content creators so much fucking money in the future. Look at open source software and the profits people have made from that like Linus Torvalds who is a billionaire himself and he was able to give you his OS for free while Gates and Jobs made you pay out your ass and they would spy on you to. 
They are able to make money as content creators, arguably with less of a barrier to entry. Why resort to brutal authoritarian man made laws when there is already a solution for this. Songs and games may be 1s and 0s like bitcoin but they do not have the same cryptographic protection mechanisms and I argue that if someone should be able to intrinsically program content to be secure then there should be no rules against that but if someone is able to manipulate software or share then he should also be able to do that as well, and the best part is that the content creators still can make a buttload of money without violently attacking people simply for doing what they *could* digitally. And i know that there are some forms of violent digital actions but seriously its fucking human nature to share information and we are only going to trap ourselves in a police state if we go to any real measures to try and prevent that. 
People are willing to pay for content, but the abstraction of everyone owning their own copy of something is deprecated. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:01:49
Yes because MSNB and CNN are so unbiased. You know most conservatives and libertarians still watch liberal media to get a pulse on the position of their opposition yet liberals take the word of someone like John Oliver or rely on their own biased sources for information about conservative or libertarian views. How can you support bitcoin yet be against libertarianism? Can you see how only paying attention to one side of the story can be dangerous?
It's hilarious. You guys have your religion and anything which challenges it is like holy water on a demon! You cannot stand reading or viewing anything which may logically be against your viewpoints because then your ego risks losing control over your bias! It's a protection mechanism which serves to weaken the logical part of your brain because it threatens your beliefs which serve your ego and your puny microscopic self esteem which clings onto it so dearly because it has nothing else. Pathetic!
Why do neo liberal authoritarian marxist globalist refuse to debate conservatives or libertarians? They talk about not giving people a platform yet if you had the stronger position you should wish to feed your opponent rope to hang themselves publicly! But youre *afraid.* Part of you knows your whole ideology is a lie, and this is why you resort to insults and ad hominen because your ego has no choice. Liberalism used to be associated with intelligence and logic but now has regressed into a dumbed down "fuck you" to whoever disagrees with them. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:44:33
Weewwwww lad LOL. Are you really trying to falsey associate wanting freedom and safety with racism!??! LMAO dude I have screencapped this! This is fucking rich as hell! 
Do you fucking understand the break in logic there?! Is bitcoin racist becasue it's decentralized and means we dont have to rely on the centralized authority anymore!?!
DO you fucking understand how liberalism has been subverted by authoritarian collectivism? This started in the 1960s and 70s at academic institutions by members of the KGB and then authoritarian political groups started following along. Here is an interveiw with an ex kgb agent who explains how the kgb did this:
Your hypothesis is that a strong central authority protects minorities and lgbt people from evil oppressive states like South Carolina who, for example, banned trans people from certain bathrooms, but then you fail to take into account the vulnerability that centralized authoritarian systems have, which under democracy, means they will always go along 100 percent with the swinging political pendulum. Are you trying to tell me states rights is better for transexual people when Trump got elected and banned trans sexual people from the military, which itself could use more decentralization? Obviously you are wrong and decentralized systems are more robust and allow people to have their cake and eat it to. 
Right now racists, homophobes, and communists are forced to assimilate in an artificially homogeneous society, where their ideas and seduction only made more powerful by the forced centralization. States rights would mean that **states like California could remain bastions of freedom and tolerance** even in the face of adverse political conditions. The problem is that this does not benefit federal politicians who only seek to gain more central authority, and the two most perpetrating groups are neo-cons and neo-liberals. You have unquestionably fallen under their spell and only serve to prevent oppressed people from seeking refuge in states which could guarantee them freedom if they had more rights!!! 
What about drug addicts?! They are perhaps the most oppressed minority in the world right now and they are now subject to the will and law of the federal government which is subject to mass discrimination by the ignorant populace! What if states were granted more rights and could provide a safe haven for drug addicts from the war on drugs? Your ignorance and brainwashing is only serving to perpetuate oppression! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:09:51
That's just a defense mechanism because you have rationalized your own sacrifice of freedom so you get triggered when people wont do the same. Its an irrational *petty* form of jealousy because you have given up already and other people who still have some life left in them threaten your ego and your rational mind knows theyre right. 
And btw, even though you wish to define libertarianism as the dissolution of the state as a way of discrediting it; libertarianism can mean different things such as simply striving towards more freedom and decentralization. Crypto currency achieves this beautifully, and Uber is another less pefect example. Uber and bitcoin are both tools which help someone become their own boss and rely less on centralized authoritarian institutions. They are both tools which give an individual more agency, something which obviously threatens your pathetic self esteem and ego which you have invested so heavily in authoritarianism and collectivism. Bitcoin and other forms of practical anarchism give individuals more equal opportunities versus things which you may like, such as communism, which only serve to level the outcomes by oppressing the brightest. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:47:20
Nice. You cannot come up with a logical argument so you resort to character assassination and petty insults. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:25:46
Youre the one who irrationally has hate for people! What is it that Kim Dotcom has done which has offended you so? Some hack when he was a teenager makes you think he is the scum of this earth?
And most people are brainwashed by the government and mainstream media so anyone trying to defend personal freedom and privacy gets labeled as strange or eccentric. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 01:50:35
Just type what he did then? If you are condemning him for life because he made some mistakes as a young hacker then that is illogical because someone can still do good in the world even if they have made mistakes. Remember what Jesus said about forgiving people? Kim has helped promote freedom and privacy more than most people could hope to in their lifetime so how does one bad thing he did when he was young erase the good he has done?
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:31:18
Do not mother fucking judge a man before listening to his own words. **Mcafee making a statement about his innocence:**
His dog was killed after he exposed the Belizean government for producing ricin and selling passports to terrorists and there was an attempt on his life before the dogs were killed and Faull was killed. Mcafee is a reasonable person, a programmer by nature, and he had no logical reason for killing someone, and risking his luxurious life, and the Belizean government was proven to be **wildly** corrupt and they are the likely killers of Faull. Mcafee even says that if someone did something bad to him he would rather keep them alive so he could get revenge in other ways. 
And lets be honest, killing a dog is almost like killing a member of a family. I am not saying it's right but it's not trivial either, but either way You need to listen to Mcafee's own words because they are damn convincing and the Belizean government harassed him on **numerous** occasions and they have **tried to kill him at least three times.**
Here is an article about the latest attempt on his life:
Basically someone tried to poison him or make him ill recently and in the past there have been even media reports released about his death right before someone attacked him. Mcafee is no murder, rather, he is a victim of relentless pursuit by wealthy thugs which will stop at nothing to harm him and slander him in the media which you have sadly been persuaded by. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 07:52:34
Lemme guess.. You want Google and Facebook to get their scummy hands on bitcoin next? 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:56:25


If people want to make tasteless jokes about bitcoin shouldnt that be *allowed* because bitcoin represents freedom in general?
Y-y-you dont want to.,, d-dare i say... *regulate*..... bitcoin do you? 
Y-youre not an.. *a-a-a-a-u-u-t-horitarian*... a-are you?
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:16:13
Thanks for proving my post right! Quoted above:


You literally just did what I predicted you would do. You have no logical arguments what-so-ever and rely on character attacks. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:47:52
thanks for actually getting *it*
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:05:09
Its a  joke but you realize how it's an easy catch-22 to fall into because to point out someone else's obsession with black people it makes me look obsessed with black people? One thing that once I noticed it once, I couldnt stop noticing was race baiting in the media, especially the news and even movies, but also blogs and such. It's why race baiting is so insidious and infuriating. It is very good at raising tensions and turning people against eachother and the moment anyone brings it up, especially if they are white, it makes them look racist. So there is no point in hiding my feelings and the media, which much of it is algorithmically shoved in my face by youtube, and actually I am not obsessed with race AT ALL (i dont give a fuck about it), in fact just the opposite so when media brings it up all the time i find it incredibly annoying and insulting that the content producers think that I am a racist that constantly needs my bias challenged. Understand how someone may not care what race their friends, girlfriends, employers, employees, or co workers are yet feel offended when youtube videos and advertisements are constantly shoved into my screen which are intended to focus my attention on race? 
It's called race baiting and it's designed to keep the populace divided and mad at eachother so that they cannot challenge the establshment and also to convince minorities and gay people that they need a strong central government to protect them from evil states like South Carolina even though then they are vulnerable to a single fault and the swinging political pendulum and Trump banning trans people from the military proves. States rights, bitcoin, even uber, and more decentralized power  and authority in general hedge against, and allow all parties to have their cake and eat it to. People who are stupid, like racists or homophobes can have their retard corner, while more reasonable people are free to associate with eachother without the burden of assholes trying to wreck their society because they cant have their way. Racists would be less seductive if they were separated like the want to be but the media likes racists or calling people that *like* Trump may be a sleazeball casino owner, and think about it logically; a casino owner should want to let people make their own choices in life. Even if he is a Sleazeball he is not an authoritarian reptile or racist and wants to give more power to states and local communities.
The establishment is fearful of decentralized power and will do anything to defend their monopoly so they resort to petty strategies in order to weaken the general citizenry and prevent them from working together. Cohesive *organically organized* sectors all working in unison like cells and *organs* in an *organism* could easily overpower the establishment but they think if they can keep us in a blob of disarray then there's a chance that we wont stop the inevitable "major event" probably going to be carried out by ANTIFA or the ALT RIGHT which will serve to empower the totalitarian police state which so many of them crave and lust after. Racebaiting and nazi hysteria is the obvious weapon which they can use to accomplish this but it pisses me off the most when the globalist instigators get their slimy tentacles onto media i am very very passionate about like anime. 
Netflix  replaced "L" with a smooth black man in the, live action version of the anime, "Death Note" when he is supposed to be a half asian half white autistic nerd with *dark* circles under his eyes and "L" is possibly the most beloved anime character of all time and his race is a part of his characteristic traits and making him a smooth black man is like taking Kunta Kinte and making him big fat white woman. "L" is one of the few characters where his race matters although if there was a Black actor talented enough they may have been abel to pull him off but the Netflix depiction made absolutely no effort to do the character any justice and purposefully characterized him in an effort to radicalize fans of the original anime and to make them look like racists when they bring this up and netflix also characterized  the other characters by making the white main evil instead of chaotic neutral and the female lead into a hipstery Kirsten Stewart type instead of the prototypical bimbo she was in the anime although the cast the demon role perfectly which meant they are not stupid and probably made these casting choices intentionally. Because  the character "L" is a hero for lonely autistic nerd type this is why he was a good target to try and radicalize lonely generation Z kids, who already stray towards conservatism based on polls, because many of them watch anime. The following is a video that highlights how conservative gen z is:
Also I realized the new star trek trailers had a bunch of cool black and asian female characters be the good guys then an evil *cis white male*, which i think would be ok, but I really think their intent is to specifically radicalize people and producers of star trek already admitted that they had Trump voters in mind when they wrote the story and the villains are supposed to be them, which again is OK from an artistic point of view but the producer is guilty of race baiting in other instances and generalizing all Trump voters as racist or all white people as racist is just as *logically* bad as any racism towards black people, even if racism towards black people is *socially* less acceptable and there is hardly a point to arguing which problem is worse.  
Then the guy that produced that star trek also made "the dark tower" movie which replaced a character based on Clint Eastwood with a black guy which could be fine but thats a very iconic role and also scott eastwood is clints son and looking for work so its disappointing they didnt cast him, but the main point is that alone any of these would not be a big deal but together they show a trend of trying to take iconic "white" roles and replace them with black characters. Its very rare for race to matter for a character but they seem to be finding the only ones that do and forcing the audience to accept them unless they want to be racists which divides people. Its also insulting to the audience because that is the director telling you that you need to have your biases challenged. Furthermore there are specific people doing this more than once like Soros or the producer of start trek and director of the dark tower.
Netflix started race baiting when George Soros purchased a piece of the company. They came out with the show "Dear White People" which arguably had no positive message and only served to highlight the small micro agressions that white people may or not make but addressed white people as a collective which served to insult white people as well and Netflix ran commercials for this show on Youtube like crazy even though it seemed like something which wouldnt be popular at all, at least with white people, and youtube knows which users are white so forcing the ads in the face of white people seems strange or more precisely it seemed trolly, provocative and race baity. I dont need to be reminded of what some drunk frat boy does which isnt socially appropriate yet Netflix thought i should and I think that this is a direct influence of soros purchasing a major share of this company and soros is know for supporting anti police groups in ukraine and arguably was a major contributor to the revolution. 


I know reddit is super duper serious *deep feelings only* but I thought some absurd sarcasm might be warranted. 4chan may not be your cup of tea but also some of the funniest things I have seen in my life come from there and it might seem asinine or ridiculous to you but others may find it funny because humor is subjective. If you read that comment again the absurd parts are supposed to be read in the voice of the redditor i was replying to and was a form of mocking. I do realize however that we are on reddit and this may not be the most effective tactic given the platform although I cant determine that without at least trying every different tactics in conveying my message.
Tbh I noticed that going the compassionate route actually works sometimes, and there was a female redditor calling me racist but when I got very deep, introspective, and compassionate she responded better and admitted she agreed with me.
Here is a podcast link to a part of a Rogan podcast with Whitney Cummings where they talk about how people only respond to arguments when you first acknowledge their opinion first:
I know you may not give a shit but I type fast so as long as the words come to me i just keep going so excuse me if this comment is long but I thought in case there is a chance you care I will just keep typing.
Even though you may think Alex Jones is absurd himself, because you only see depictions of him from other sources such as John Oliver or Bill Maher, part of being fair and balanced in your political opinions looking at things from different perspectives and it's not fair to judge a media source without actually researching it yourself. Therefore I think its prudent for everyone who is critical of infowars or Alex Jones to watch or listen to a couple of episodes of his show in order to form a rational opion of him without outside influence. I dare you to watch the latest episode of his show from start to finish or at least half of it if you can mange:
Also dont forget to donate to infowars in order to fight the globalists and you can do this by buying some supplements or water filters (the water is full of flouride):
@_date: 2017-09-26 01:04:54
I was absolutely being sarcastic. The whole point was that neo-liberals are the only people who care about race anymore. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:04:13


I may have been slightly ineloquent in my description of Mcafee's project but it was **not** an attempt to sound smart, condescending, or smug **like you are trying to do.** A  subnet *mask* is basically an IP address for a subnet and in an interview Mcafee said he was trying to build a private network, or sub-network, or *subnet...* ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°...  as an alternative to *tor.*  So in fact Mcafee may be creating a Subnet mask for us to type into our browsers to access his sub network. Make sense?
Do you understand how a network works? You are part of the local network which connects to a bigger network which connects to an even bigger network. Mcafee is or was planning on creating a large private network which *sub*verts the usual networks which we and allows you to communicate with others on the network without sending packets through the usual internet. I know that subnet is usually reserved for a specific part of internet infrastructure but thats why i said the word private in front of it. I don't claim to be an IT expert with years of experience but I still dont think its a completely inaccurate description for what I was trying to describe
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:01:49
Yes because MSNB and CNN are so unbiased. You know most conservatives and libertarians still watch liberal media to get a pulse on the position of their opposition yet liberals take the word of someone like John Oliver or rely on their own biased sources for information about conservative or libertarian views. How can you support bitcoin yet be against libertarianism? Can you see how only paying attention to one side of the story can be dangerous?
It's hilarious. You guys have your religion and anything which challenges it is like holy water on a demon! You cannot stand reading or viewing anything which may logically be against your viewpoints because then your ego risks losing control over your bias! It's a protection mechanism which serves to weaken the logical part of your brain because it threatens your beliefs which serve your ego and your puny microscopic self esteem which clings onto it so dearly because it has nothing else. Pathetic!
Why do neo liberal authoritarian marxist globalist refuse to debate conservatives or libertarians? They talk about not giving people a platform yet if you had the stronger position you should wish to feed your opponent rope to hang themselves publicly! But youre *afraid.* Part of you knows your whole ideology is a lie, and this is why you resort to insults and ad hominen because your ego has no choice. Liberalism used to be associated with intelligence and logic but now has regressed into a dumbed down "fuck you" to whoever disagrees with them. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:21:15
Untuck your tail between your legs, grow a pair, and actually respect your own freedom! Youre on a bitcoin forum arent you?! Why do you automatically think someone is suffering because they make a sarcastic joke and link to a media source that you have never even researched or viewed yourself? 
I dare you to watch the last episode of the Alex Jones show from start to finish.. i bet your too pussy and cucked and brainwashed by CNN:
Also dont forget to buy some testosterone booster to help support the war against the globalists and turn your vag inside out:
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:18:55
Funny your name is "freethinkingman" yet you allow mainstream media to brainwash you!
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:53:01
Gee i wonder where this opinion came from?
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:17:24
LIES! Do you know what a hit piece is? Why wont you listen to the fucking man himself?!?! Why would a billionaire risk his freedom by shooting someone over a fucking dog?!
Do you realize there are other billionaires that want Mcafee dead and discredited. 3 times people tried to kill him and the media has even reported him dead in an effort to slander him as much as possible because he discovered that the president of Belize was selling passports to terrorists and producing ricin!!!
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:30:41
None. I said it almost does although maybe that was ineloquent of me but I wanted to avoid typing what i am going to type next to explain my feelings around the subject. Lets be honest the world is not black or white. And although I want rules that act as a deterrent to violent criminals, if one of my loved ones committed a crime I wouldn't want them imprisoned. I am not autistic so I have human emotions and human bias so if someone killed a person's dog and was general asshole and someone shot them (especially if they shot them under adverse circumstances like they were drunk) I would think it's bad but I may not develop resentment towards the murderer. I also strongly believe in forgiveness and what Jesus had to say about how forgiving a person is much better than hating them. I could even forgive satanic pedophiles like Hillary Clinton if they repented for their crimes and they could possible do more good in the world if they were alive. I have also been friends with literal murderers that spent time in prison for their crime and those people were some of the nicest that I have met in my life, but it doesn't change the fact that the original violent act was wrong, just my feelings around it. 
**Did you listen to the interview with Mcafee?** Listen to it. Doesnt sound like he is guilty at all and it's proven that the Belezean government has tried to kill him 3 fucking times, so how much of a stretch is it to imagine they may have killed his dog in an effort to smear his name (which they have done also in other ways in the media) and link him legally to a murder?
Why do you want to believe Mcafee murdered his neighbor? Why do you not like him? Why do you want him to be a monster instead of man? So you can dehumanize him like *a dog*? 
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:47:52
thanks for actually getting *it*
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:42:52
I know that was the irony, but the difference between bitcoin and content is that bitcoin is intrinsically secure while securing content requires brutal authoritarianism. Are you really telling me people should get in trouble for pirating? IP is very abstract and I understand there is a debate to be had around what is ethical in terms of sharing but the thing that really drives me crazy about this is that there is a profit model that allows freely distributing information. Look at patreon or kickstarter or even advertising. Cryptocurrency is going ot make content creators so much fucking money in the future. Look at open source software and the profits people have made from that like Linus Torvalds who is a billionaire himself and he was able to give you his OS for free while Gates and Jobs made you pay out your ass and they would spy on you to. 
They are able to make money as content creators, arguably with less of a barrier to entry. Why resort to brutal authoritarian man made laws when there is already a solution for this. Songs and games may be 1s and 0s like bitcoin but they do not have the same cryptographic protection mechanisms and I argue that if someone should be able to intrinsically program content to be secure then there should be no rules against that but if someone is able to manipulate software or share then he should also be able to do that as well, and the best part is that the content creators still can make a buttload of money without violently attacking people simply for doing what they *could* digitally. And i know that there are some forms of violent digital actions but seriously its fucking human nature to share information and we are only going to trap ourselves in a police state if we go to any real measures to try and prevent that. 
People are willing to pay for content, but the abstraction of everyone owning their own copy of something is deprecated. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:53:47
Yes you should be able to "own" ones and zeros. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:41:57
Centralized systems are vulnerable to human folly. Decentralization and autocracy hedges against this. Crypto currency is needed to provide competition against the established financial institutions. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:21:15
Untuck your tail between your legs, grow a pair, and actually respect your own freedom! Youre on a bitcoin forum arent you?! Why do you automatically think someone is suffering because they make a sarcastic joke and link to a media source that you have never even researched or viewed yourself? 
I dare you to watch the last episode of the Alex Jones show from start to finish.. i bet your too pussy and cucked and brainwashed by CNN:
Also dont forget to buy some testosterone booster to help support the war against the globalists and turn your vag inside out:
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:32:52
WWeeewwwww lad. You think the dollar is fine and the Euro to? Seriously? Have you done any research? You realize that stocks and currency are not the same thing? You realize the cancer that has been growing since 2008? They have continued the same goddamn practices that caused the last crash and its only getting worse. Looks at damn chart for the dollar. I do not copy past either even if I may have misinterpreted your last post. 
Dollar Chart. Notice the downtrend. Its about to fall through the floor:
Listen to this podcast with Peter Schiff who is perhaps the most respected economist in the world and predicted the 2008 bubble about what he thinks is going on:
Schiff thinks the markets never got a chance to purge their bad investments and un healthy practices because the governments have been bailing them out and feeding the cancer. He thinks that the fed and other institutions are creating false signals of health in order to bait Trump into claiming that he is responsible for the market health in order to dump on him because they cannot hold back the inevitable crash. Seriously listen to the damn podcast, its with rogan and a must listen for anyone into finance. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:51:49
Nice. And you showed exactly zero proof to back this claim up. Meanwhile they have done more to fight for individual freedom and privacy than you can ever hope to. In fact you are probably working to subvert this community with authoritarian ideas. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 04:04:56
i am unregulated 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:33:28
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:54:37
He literally tried some hacks when he was younger. If you are going to get bent about some random hacks against corporations that is sooo fucking lame. Kim Dotcom represents a person rebelling against a corrupt system and supporting freedom. Not everyone is as autistic as you and regards human laws as the definition of good and evil. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:26:49
How underage? You know age of consent is different in other countries? Show your proof if youre going to make a claim like that. I seriously doubt Mcafee had sex with any girls that were prepubescent. There is a lot of difference between sleeping with a 12 year old and 16 year old, and the latter is legal in many places. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:33:28
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:58:24
They might get billions of dollars to jump ship out of a speculative market but alts like monero just get stronger the more governments try to ban them. Kinda like drugs. (✿◠‿◠)
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:56:49
Jesus christ then whats with the attack? I know this is reddit and everyone is super duper serious but I am trying to redpill some brainwashed liberals here. I know you might not think meme speak is very funny and I understand but I was doing it in a mocking way and you can see that the parts of my comment that were memey were supposed to be in the voice of the redditor I was replying to, therefore implying that their ideas were in fact the stupid ones like assuming anything produced by infowars is wrong, even if they promote some dome shit like ant vax arguments. Its the same as me screeching about an article on CNN that is factual or an interview. 
That is dogmatic and illogical and ad hominen. Idk though I will admit that reddit is a tough nut to crack and I dont know how to appeal to these liberal types so well and they may get offended at the slightest insult or joke unlike 4chan, but tbh I noticed that going the compassionate route actually works sometimes, and there was a female redditor calling me racist but when I got very deep, introspective, and compassionate she responded better and admitted she agreed with me. 
Here is a podcast link to a part of a Rogan podcast with Whitney Cummings where they talk about  how people only respond to arguments when you first acknowledge their opinion first:
I know you may not give a shit but I type fast so as long as the words come to me i just keep going so excuse me if this comment is long but I thought in case there is a chance you care I will just keep typing.
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:46:33
unironically this
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:33:09
Thanks for attacking my character some more. But what "fraud" are you referring to specifically??
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:07:14
It shows he is trying to promote eth. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:30:41
None. I said it almost does although maybe that was ineloquent of me but I wanted to avoid typing what i am going to type next to explain my feelings around the subject. Lets be honest the world is not black or white. And although I want rules that act as a deterrent to violent criminals, if one of my loved ones committed a crime I wouldn't want them imprisoned. I am not autistic so I have human emotions and human bias so if someone killed a person's dog and was general asshole and someone shot them (especially if they shot them under adverse circumstances like they were drunk) I would think it's bad but I may not develop resentment towards the murderer. I also strongly believe in forgiveness and what Jesus had to say about how forgiving a person is much better than hating them. I could even forgive satanic pedophiles like Hillary Clinton if they repented for their crimes and they could possible do more good in the world if they were alive. I have also been friends with literal murderers that spent time in prison for their crime and those people were some of the nicest that I have met in my life, but it doesn't change the fact that the original violent act was wrong, just my feelings around it. 
**Did you listen to the interview with Mcafee?** Listen to it. Doesnt sound like he is guilty at all and it's proven that the Belezean government has tried to kill him 3 fucking times, so how much of a stretch is it to imagine they may have killed his dog in an effort to smear his name (which they have done also in other ways in the media) and link him legally to a murder?
Why do you want to believe Mcafee murdered his neighbor? Why do you not like him? Why do you want him to be a monster instead of man? So you can dehumanize him like *a dog*? 
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:21:00
Your hate for him is irrational. He has the same self interest as those of us who want to protect privacy and freedom. Why is that bad? Also thanks for the character attacks.
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:50:44
Good job libtard. Keep attacking my character and attempting to falsely associate me instead of logically arguing against my ideas!! Yes that only strengthens my position. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:08:40
Nice projection? An attempt at gaslighting?
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:33:41
Take a joke? I know sarcasm doesnt transfer well through text but it was a jab at liberal media and their race baiting and hypocrisy. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:58:24
**Oh yeah because a person, even if you dont like him, cannot interview John Mcafee, the man who is the subject of discussion and who the mainstream media antagonizes and wont fairly interview?** 
Ad Hominen Alert** Ad Hominen Alert** **Ad Hominen Alert** **Ad Hominen Alert** Ad Hominen Alert
Lol you know the frogs are gay and the man who discovered it was an effeminate black man? You liberals should think this is progressive:
Check out how liberals like yourself have all turned into goblins:
Also Alex predicted 911:
He also predicted Trump winning when the liberal marxist globalist media was lying to you and telling the polls favored clinton.
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:19:04
Look, I understand how you may think that information property is similar to physical property. It's true that cryptography can protect certain information and passwords control access to systems, but those things are **inherently protectable.** 
I know you made a metaphor to an unlocked house yet that really is apples to oranges. An unlocked house would be like a system without a password, which admittedly is not a very nice thing to do to another person or system owner. Walking into that house would be a violation of property rights, which most people agree with (except commies) and taking a physical object would mean that owner of that object loses it. 
Firstly most people agree with property rights, and aspire to buy a piece of property themselves. It is a natural and organic law which we are conditioned to understand and utilize. Communists don't actually agree with physical property but that is why it is nothing more than an agreement among people. It is mutually beneficial for everyone to respect each other's physical property. 
Personal space is actually a more natural "law" but also just basic human behavior. The thing though is that almost everyone agrees with physical property rights because it benefits everyone and because **physical matter is a finite resource.** Information is copiable.. 
**If I say a string of words then you copy me and repeat those words then I am at no loss.** This is because there is no penalty for creating information the same with that there is with physical matter and information is not finite like land. Now you would probably counter by saying that if i was using those words like in a song or something to make money then if you copied me that would be infringing upon my right to make money from my information.
 But there is no intrinsic right to make money from labor. There is only value in something which has demand and because information is copiable that means that you can only make money from information in particular ways and there are other variable like a singer's voice which make information valuable or not. 
Information is much much much more abstract than other laws and phsyical property and **it's not mutally beneficial for the general population to agree to information rights.** In fact in Finland there is a pirate party which seeks to get rid of information property and provides resources to users which get penalized for torrenting. 
Information property "rights" has other distinct negatives for society and the individual. Patents were meant to incentivize innovation and make being an inventor a viable career but now we see them being used as way for frivolous lawsuits to target individuals or business owners ie patent trolls. The problem is that certain things have been patented which would be analogous to copyrighting the word "the." Such as UI elements like a menu on a website.
It's worse though because patenting in general slows down innovation and because something which is patented may have been thought of before. There are companies which try to patent as much stuff as possible and then make money by suing people later for actually producing things. Can you imagine an artist just patenting as many things as he can draw? That is the current state of the law and a prototype is not even needed for a patent to be awarded.
But even "legitimate" patents have negative implications. Like I said before, people often think of things yet dont patent them, and there are very basic elements of technology which are like building blocks to other technology, like the word "the," which are currently patentable. Right now it's impossible to build your own version of google glasses because they own all the patents to that yet all good science fiction movies show people with different kinds of information visors walking around. That's simple not fair!
And it gets worse. Airplane manufacturers patent as much shit as they can which means that engineers often build airplanes with elements, like a door or a valve or control surface actuator, which are not the best design for the job. There are established designs already which have been refined yet the engineers have to come up with compromised solutions just to be different and get around patent laws.
Then there is patenting biology, creepy! We are all in possession of biological technology because our bodies have the necessary building blocks and the only reason that companies are allowed to do these things is because of crony capitalism.
So, you can see now that it's not ethical or in the general public's self interest to agree to information property laws anymore. The only reason that they are still around is because of corrupt government officials and massive lobbying from centralized corporate power. It is now our responsibility to resist information property laws as much as possible, yet people like you who allow yourself to be turned into useful brainwashed idiots hampers that effort.
Finally you are wrong when it comes to information property laws benefiting most content producers! The massive communications and information sharing networks today mean there is less of a barrier to entree for content producers and developers. It also means that we have to better than our predecessors but that's okay because it's easy to make money for an individual content producer still and it just takes a little bit of effort. 
You are **incredibly** naive to think the only way content producers "remain viable" is too survive by selling individual copies! **Information sharing has drastically lowered the barrier of entry for content creators.** The old way may have benefited centralized corporations but the current state of things benefits the individual and they are only limited by their creativity in coming up with revenue models.
The optimal model for a content producer would be that people **pay as much as they can.** Content producers actually still benefit from people viewing their content That's why the solution to the problem of content is not **brutal violent authoritarianism which throws users in cages.** The solution is a cultural shift towards taking care of content producers so that they produce the content you want.
If tomorrow steam went away and the video game industry had no more revenue for individual copies people would just donate more!
Furthermore, **content producers still benefit from the popularity of their content even if not all of the consumers pay for their copy of the content.** There is inherent value in being able to captivate the attention of a large audience and advertising has been the traditional revenue stream for this. **And that is why the most successful content producers sell physical products as well as produce content.** 
**Notice how both Joe Rogan and Alex Jones sell their listeners vitamin supplements and also things like workout equipment and water filters!!** Both these people have net worths over 20 million. They would make farrrrrrrr less money if they sold individual copies of their broadcasts. 
And I understand that things like video games or movies are harder to make than a podcast or radio show but it's possible release smaller video games in episodes and also video games are actual applications where you can manipulate the users experience more directly. Cryptography can also be used in video games, and I think you will see more advanced anti pirating techniques.
 Although I am sure that the content producers which at least offer some free content will make more money than the ones who expect cash for every copy. Although admittedly right now its very easy to make money with steam but many people think that videogames are in a bubble and soon video game developers are going to have to get more creative in their sources of revenue.
Youre wrong as well about open source developers! Most open sourcers make decent money but it's just not from selling copies of their software directly. The trick is that they have a mutually beneficial relationship with the consumers of their software so that the more free software that is produced means that more free software is produced. 
Do you know any open source developers in real life? I know some and they make money by selling companies websites and then they work on the open source tools with their spare time. There are also crowd funding options for them. **But most open source devs are content producers who make money off their content but work together in order to produce open source tools for EACH OTHER!** That is, they all benift mutually from taking part in an ecosystem which provides tools and software to make more content. This is a positive *feedback loop!*
The bottom line is that content or software producers which expect money for individual copies of their information **are incredibly lazy** and are not creative enough to think of ways to profit from the attention their content or software is getting. Their revenue is only limited by their imagination and people who expect money for copies of information are incredibly dim witted and that is why they make inferior products, and that's part of the reason why Hollywood has such shitty movies.
Windows and Apple are objectively worse than Linux and that is because **the goal of the Apple and Microsoft is to extort the user. They feature such qualities as planned obsolescence and spy ware.** **A decentralized mutually beneficial relationship with the user is far more robust produces a better product every time.** The problem is that corporations do not like this and they benefit from relationships with politicians, ie crony capitalism.
Torvalds also has far more money than celebrity net worth thinks he does, because that number was before Android came out. Also many members of the "Free Software Foundation" profit from donations and such and open source. Also I have copyrighted this piece of writing so do not copy it! 
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:22:06
Look I will be honest. This isnt a regular subnet mask. It has special features which not only flip the bits but also each bitwise operator  in order to generate a completely separate IP address which connects to another sub masks' bitwise which actually generates a whole separate IP which you can then connect to or keep hopping. The technique is call mask hopping, or subnet mask hopping, but slang is just sub hoppin'. Its extremely effective and cutting edge, in fact you might say bleeding edge, but anyway its gonna catch on big soon and Mcafee will lead the way! I know it sounds complex and like complete bullshit and made up but it's 100% real. Just look up the interviews with Mcaffee. Just make sure you watch each one because he only talks about it for about 5 minutes but when he does that shit is so ca$h. 
As for shadow complex. I have played it. It's a pretty sweet game and metroidvania is definitely one of my favorite styles but I prefer traditional pixels vs the unreal engine. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:18:26
Meh just that the liberal media should like this guy, but the problem is that he is supportive of self empowerment and individualism. Also I have seen reddit posters attacking the fact that his wife is younger than him which is ironic because she comes from a very poor family and he undoubtedly improved her standard of living. 
My comment was a big sarcastic and a jab at the liberal media and their brainwashed minions for their hypocrisy. Honestly the fact that his wife is black shouldnt matter at all and I am kinda a douchebag for even noticing it or caring about it in the first place but I see all this shit in the media trying to be supportive of black women and here John Mcafee is marrying one and making her life a lot better, so why isnt the liberal media enamored with him? Like I said, they have purposefully sought to corrupt the public's picture of him and painted him as a murderer and drug addict. Mcafee surely hasnt killed anyone unless it was in self defense when he was escaping beliz but the "neighbor's dog" story is false and you should watch interviews with macafee to see that it was an attempt by the media to corrupt his image. The media also released a story about him dying and then 24 hours later he had a hit attempt against his life so someone within the media is working with criminal or political organizations that dont like him. Also if he is a drug addict then why should we fucking care because he seems very functional and composed.
I honestly think that other than just the Belizean government there are others against him in the establishment and media. He exposed Belize selling passports to members of terror groups and we know that there are elements of the establishment aligned with terror groups like John Mccain who is pictured meeting with terrorists. Many terror groups were trained by the CIA to fight the soviets so its not a stretch to believe they may still have connections and Mcafee not only exposed part of the passport ring but also is a national symbol for individual freedoms and privacy and is working to subvert the main network which is monitored with a secure anonymous private dual linked  sub net quantum mask and he also has inside information because of his past work with information security. All in all I think its safe to say that Mcafee is being targeted by the Belizean government but also possible international crime members and there is a small chance that some US group may not like him as well. 
Anyway My post got way off topic but if you are interested in learning more here is a very good interview wiht 
McAfee on infowars: 
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:52:46
No offensive but you sound like you think that bitcoin is guaranteed to keep rising in price, which very well might happen, but any one crypto currency is just a speculative asset which should be played accordingly.
For many years people have been saying that bitcoin will soon be what you buy your grocerys with and whatnot but why hasnt it happened yet? There are some intrinsic hurtles that need to be  cleared before that can happen like specifically the speculative nature of bitcoin so it seems that although bitcoin may rise as a result of widespread adoption, it may still be deprecated by some other currency which hedges against speculation. 
Normies do not want to put their pay checks into something which they perceive as unstable. If regular currency fails they may run to bitcoin but the obvious holder of value is GOLD. And the perfect cryptocrurrency is one linked to it, or anything else which has tangible value like energy or ownership in a business. The problem is that that would be too good of a currency and governments may really clamp down and then bitcoin will stay relegated to black markets. 
Here is a podcast about these topics:
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:52:46
No offensive but you sound like you think that bitcoin is guaranteed to keep rising in price, which very well might happen, but any one crypto currency is just a speculative asset which should be played accordingly.
For many years people have been saying that bitcoin will soon be what you buy your grocerys with and whatnot but why hasnt it happened yet? There are some intrinsic hurtles that need to be  cleared before that can happen like specifically the speculative nature of bitcoin so it seems that although bitcoin may rise as a result of widespread adoption, it may still be deprecated by some other currency which hedges against speculation. 
Normies do not want to put their pay checks into something which they perceive as unstable. If regular currency fails they may run to bitcoin but the obvious holder of value is GOLD. And the perfect cryptocrurrency is one linked to it, or anything else which has tangible value like energy or ownership in a business. The problem is that that would be too good of a currency and governments may really clamp down and then bitcoin will stay relegated to black markets. 
Here is a podcast about these topics:
@_date: 2017-09-15 04:04:56
i am unregulated 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:05:09
Its a  joke but you realize how it's an easy catch-22 to fall into because to point out someone else's obsession with black people it makes me look obsessed with black people? One thing that once I noticed it once, I couldnt stop noticing was race baiting in the media, especially the news and even movies, but also blogs and such. It's why race baiting is so insidious and infuriating. It is very good at raising tensions and turning people against eachother and the moment anyone brings it up, especially if they are white, it makes them look racist. So there is no point in hiding my feelings and the media, which much of it is algorithmically shoved in my face by youtube, and actually I am not obsessed with race AT ALL (i dont give a fuck about it), in fact just the opposite so when media brings it up all the time i find it incredibly annoying and insulting that the content producers think that I am a racist that constantly needs my bias challenged. Understand how someone may not care what race their friends, girlfriends, employers, employees, or co workers are yet feel offended when youtube videos and advertisements are constantly shoved into my screen which are intended to focus my attention on race? 
It's called race baiting and it's designed to keep the populace divided and mad at eachother so that they cannot challenge the establshment and also to convince minorities and gay people that they need a strong central government to protect them from evil states like South Carolina even though then they are vulnerable to a single fault and the swinging political pendulum and Trump banning trans people from the military proves. States rights, bitcoin, even uber, and more decentralized power  and authority in general hedge against, and allow all parties to have their cake and eat it to. People who are stupid, like racists or homophobes can have their retard corner, while more reasonable people are free to associate with eachother without the burden of assholes trying to wreck their society because they cant have their way. Racists would be less seductive if they were separated like the want to be but the media likes racists or calling people that *like* Trump may be a sleazeball casino owner, and think about it logically; a casino owner should want to let people make their own choices in life. Even if he is a Sleazeball he is not an authoritarian reptile or racist and wants to give more power to states and local communities.
The establishment is fearful of decentralized power and will do anything to defend their monopoly so they resort to petty strategies in order to weaken the general citizenry and prevent them from working together. Cohesive *organically organized* sectors all working in unison like cells and *organs* in an *organism* could easily overpower the establishment but they think if they can keep us in a blob of disarray then there's a chance that we wont stop the inevitable "major event" probably going to be carried out by ANTIFA or the ALT RIGHT which will serve to empower the totalitarian police state which so many of them crave and lust after. Racebaiting and nazi hysteria is the obvious weapon which they can use to accomplish this but it pisses me off the most when the globalist instigators get their slimy tentacles onto media i am very very passionate about like anime. 
Netflix  replaced "L" with a smooth black man in the, live action version of the anime, "Death Note" when he is supposed to be a half asian half white autistic nerd with *dark* circles under his eyes and "L" is possibly the most beloved anime character of all time and his race is a part of his characteristic traits and making him a smooth black man is like taking Kunta Kinte and making him big fat white woman. "L" is one of the few characters where his race matters although if there was a Black actor talented enough they may have been abel to pull him off but the Netflix depiction made absolutely no effort to do the character any justice and purposefully characterized him in an effort to radicalize fans of the original anime and to make them look like racists when they bring this up and netflix also characterized  the other characters by making the white main evil instead of chaotic neutral and the female lead into a hipstery Kirsten Stewart type instead of the prototypical bimbo she was in the anime although the cast the demon role perfectly which meant they are not stupid and probably made these casting choices intentionally. Because  the character "L" is a hero for lonely autistic nerd type this is why he was a good target to try and radicalize lonely generation Z kids, who already stray towards conservatism based on polls, because many of them watch anime. The following is a video that highlights how conservative gen z is:
Also I realized the new star trek trailers had a bunch of cool black and asian female characters be the good guys then an evil *cis white male*, which i think would be ok, but I really think their intent is to specifically radicalize people and producers of star trek already admitted that they had Trump voters in mind when they wrote the story and the villains are supposed to be them, which again is OK from an artistic point of view but the producer is guilty of race baiting in other instances and generalizing all Trump voters as racist or all white people as racist is just as *logically* bad as any racism towards black people, even if racism towards black people is *socially* less acceptable and there is hardly a point to arguing which problem is worse.  
Then the guy that produced that star trek also made "the dark tower" movie which replaced a character based on Clint Eastwood with a black guy which could be fine but thats a very iconic role and also scott eastwood is clints son and looking for work so its disappointing they didnt cast him, but the main point is that alone any of these would not be a big deal but together they show a trend of trying to take iconic "white" roles and replace them with black characters. Its very rare for race to matter for a character but they seem to be finding the only ones that do and forcing the audience to accept them unless they want to be racists which divides people. Its also insulting to the audience because that is the director telling you that you need to have your biases challenged. Furthermore there are specific people doing this more than once like Soros or the producer of start trek and director of the dark tower.
Netflix started race baiting when George Soros purchased a piece of the company. They came out with the show "Dear White People" which arguably had no positive message and only served to highlight the small micro agressions that white people may or not make but addressed white people as a collective which served to insult white people as well and Netflix ran commercials for this show on Youtube like crazy even though it seemed like something which wouldnt be popular at all, at least with white people, and youtube knows which users are white so forcing the ads in the face of white people seems strange or more precisely it seemed trolly, provocative and race baity. I dont need to be reminded of what some drunk frat boy does which isnt socially appropriate yet Netflix thought i should and I think that this is a direct influence of soros purchasing a major share of this company and soros is know for supporting anti police groups in ukraine and arguably was a major contributor to the revolution. 


I know reddit is super duper serious *deep feelings only* but I thought some absurd sarcasm might be warranted. 4chan may not be your cup of tea but also some of the funniest things I have seen in my life come from there and it might seem asinine or ridiculous to you but others may find it funny because humor is subjective. If you read that comment again the absurd parts are supposed to be read in the voice of the redditor i was replying to and was a form of mocking. I do realize however that we are on reddit and this may not be the most effective tactic given the platform although I cant determine that without at least trying every different tactics in conveying my message.
Tbh I noticed that going the compassionate route actually works sometimes, and there was a female redditor calling me racist but when I got very deep, introspective, and compassionate she responded better and admitted she agreed with me.
Here is a podcast link to a part of a Rogan podcast with Whitney Cummings where they talk about how people only respond to arguments when you first acknowledge their opinion first:
I know you may not give a shit but I type fast so as long as the words come to me i just keep going so excuse me if this comment is long but I thought in case there is a chance you care I will just keep typing.
Even though you may think Alex Jones is absurd himself, because you only see depictions of him from other sources such as John Oliver or Bill Maher, part of being fair and balanced in your political opinions looking at things from different perspectives and it's not fair to judge a media source without actually researching it yourself. Therefore I think its prudent for everyone who is critical of infowars or Alex Jones to watch or listen to a couple of episodes of his show in order to form a rational opion of him without outside influence. I dare you to watch the latest episode of his show from start to finish or at least half of it if you can mange:
Also dont forget to donate to infowars in order to fight the globalists and you can do this by buying some supplements or water filters (the water is full of flouride):
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:58:43
OH yeah because after you reveal damning information about the president (dictator) of a country and they send a hitman to kill you in the middle of the night turning yourself into their police seems like such a good idea!
Common man! There is something about Mcafee you dont like personally. What is it?
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:58:24
**Oh yeah because a person, even if you dont like him, cannot interview John Mcafee, the man who is the subject of discussion and who the mainstream media antagonizes and wont fairly interview?** 
Ad Hominen Alert** Ad Hominen Alert** **Ad Hominen Alert** **Ad Hominen Alert** Ad Hominen Alert
Lol you know the frogs are gay and the man who discovered it was an effeminate black man? You liberals should think this is progressive:
Check out how liberals like yourself have all turned into goblins:
Also Alex predicted 911:
He also predicted Trump winning when the liberal marxist globalist media was lying to you and telling the polls favored clinton.
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:31:59
Soon AI will replace shills.. oh wait.. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:16:13
Thanks for proving my post right! Quoted above:


You literally just did what I predicted you would do. You have no logical arguments what-so-ever and rely on character attacks. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:37:02


What the hell does this have to do with John McAfee? False equivalence anybody? 
**Listen to man's own goddamn words for fucks sake:**
The Belezean gangster government has tried to kill him 3 times and Mcafee is a victim of a relentless pursuit on his life and they will do anything to slander him including kill his dogs in an attempt to connect him to a murder. 
And bottom line if someone kills your pet that is *almost* grounds for physical violence. Its not, and anyone who does that is a piece of shit in their own right but at the same time there are things that are forgivable and the world isnt black or white and the teachings of Jesus Christ lament about the importance of forgiveness. Even a rapist serial killer like Hillary Clinton could repent and do the world some good and John Mcafee chooses to use his enormous resources to help fight for freedom and he is taking on projects which will help us hold on to our privacy. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 01:11:49
I skimmed the article. Do you understand how freedom works? People and groups are allowed to fail and the successful ones persist. Just like nature and evolution. Thats why freedom and capitalism has produced better technology and products than any socialist or planned economy, because the competition and failure *breeds* the best version organically, just like your oppression creates more robust individuals which evolve as a result of your persecution. Even China today has allowed state capitalism where the bourgeois elite are allowed to compete against eachother and it's the only reason that they have produced anything of quality. Remember when "made in china" was a common phrase associated with poor quality? 
And the best part is that you are allowed to create your own authoritarian, socialist, or communist microcosm inside of a freemarket or free society, which is kind of how china works where the elite brutality rule over the proletariat yet are part of their own capitalist macrocosm. This means that you are allowed to have your cake and eat it to; people like you who are attracted to cuckism are allowed to form your own oppressive communities in a free society which seeks to serve individual preferences, yet you are here arguing that large scale freedom is harmful? That is illogical and analogous to someone losing a game of kickball then running home with ball so no one else can play the game, and nothing but butt hurt jealously.  
And you mistakenly equate libertarian ideals with a dogmatic either-or situation instead of accepting reality, which is that it is happening gradually by replacing authoritarian centralized institutions with free, decentralized, private ones in a way which keeps the successful outcome while gradually granting more freedom to the individual or community. It's an absolute strawman you are building when you infer that libertarianism has to equal unstable, violent anarchy. Crypto-currency is an example of this kind of practical anarchism which competes with and gradually replaces the usual authoritarian financial institutions. The open source and free software movements are another example and they still have empowered their contributing members to profit and produce wealth, arguably more efficiently than closed source, non-free software. 
Anyway. I am not interested in debating your false theories and wicked strawmen but rather I am curious to why authoritarianism appeals to you personally? What events in your life inspired you to seek egotistical refuge in oppressing others?
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:10:48
Jesus christ people attacked me for linking an *interview* with john mcafee because they irrationally hate the interviewer. I link interviews of people with the likes of Gerardo Riviera (however its spelled) even though I think theyre douchebags but that doesnt mean the interview was bad. These people think I am the crazy one yet they are batshit insane! 
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:51:48
Woah woah woah!... I'm sorry it took two weeks to respond to this but did you really say that Zuckerburg and the ceo of Google are *humanity's greatest hope?* Please be joking or trying to sound ironic!
And I am well aware that creativity is the most important trait in a human being since agriculture was invented and yes girls recognize that now. And also you are probably falsely associating male sexuality with assholes. Getting mad at muscle head guys is like me hating women with big tits and blonde hair because some girls that look like that are bitches. But anyway, holy fuck shit you have to be fucking kidding me if you think Zuck and google guy are examples of great nerds. 
They are brutal authoritarian globalists! How can you respect them!? They are literally the two creepiest human beings on the planet which spy on people arguably more than the NSA! How can you respect that?!!!?!
Please, if you really are some part of the bitcoin team or whatever, please leave that group. Bitcoin is not supposed to become a tool to control people and help communism and authority. The beauty of cyrptocurrency is that it allows people to subvert authority and decentralize power!
How can you claim to stick up for the down trodden when you idolize people like cuckberg (yes cuck is a good word to describe people maybe even yourself) who wishes to control them?! Do you think that human beings should have control of their own bodies? Because cuckberg and google guy are literally helping governments put people into cages for things like drug addiction. 
Also speculative markets are like a game, like poker, which help nerds get money. Their virtue is that they reward intelligence and it's like a credit card that smart people can rely on to support themselves. 
Anyway wtf is wrong with you? You support mass surveillance and controlling individuals yet support bitcoin? **Libertarianism is the only acceptable idealogy to pair with cyrptocurrency.** That is why people like Macafee and Kim Dotcom are the best examples of crypto hodlers, as individuals who have been persecuted by corrupt authoritarians statists, and support **liberty.** Something which you sound allergic to. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 10:43:46
Look I know I may not convince you on this topic but it's something that I am required to organize my thoughts on anyway. 
Property rights are organic in human behavior, especially in the western world. If you were living in a tribe and fashioned yourself a stone tool would it be natural for another tribesmen to get to walk up and grab it from you right away? If you were laying in your hut with your girl do you think it would naturally okay for another tribesmen to barge in without permission and lay next to your woman?
Also information sharing does not destroy the original copy. **If someone scanned one of your possessions and used a 3D printer to print one out for themselves would you really mind?** These type of laws are going to be used in the future to try and keep individuals from gaining decentralized power relative to corporations and politicians! 
These laws **do not benefit** the general population and **only benefit content creators to lazy and stubborn to seek alternate revenue streams.** Meanwhile these lazy content creators benefit from the increased communication and information sharing which the internet allows. **Also content producers are at zero loss, and in fact benefit when somebody experiences their content for free who would not have paid if they only had the option to pay for it!**
There are example after example of content producers who are independently wealthy and give away free content. It is not out of reach to anyone and the content creators who are just starting out are in a better place than ever with platforms like kickstarter and patreon. 
The video game industry doesnt like ads but **they embrace crowd funding and pre sales.** If steam disappeared and video game quality went down then more gamers would be motivated to participate in pre sale and crowd funding. We are currently experiencing a cultural shift which places more value on supporting content creators **directly.** And talented content producers will never be out of work specifically thanks to the interconnectedness offered by the internet. 
Furthermore games are complicated pieces of software which can incorporate cryptography to naturally protect their content. And you cited that game engines are expensive to create but **the most successful game engines (unreal and unity) are open source and freely distributed.** 
You say that the open source and free software models are not going to replace the tradional model anytime soon yet you are wrong because *it already has.* You, yourself, even admit to torrenting constantly, but you also justify your actions because you are not wealthy enough, and a large portion of the general public does not pay for content either and many refuse to pay even if they can afford it and only support content producers directly who are outspoken against information property.
And open-source/free software already TRUMPS proprietary content in both quality and respecting the user's rights. 
If you have not tried Linux yet you really owe it to yourself because it is much better in terms of quality than the legacy OSes. The traditional command prompt scares many users away but as someone who is forced to deal with windows servers from time to time I can vouch that for complicated system administration, it trumps navigating through a maze of clickable boxes. Advanced system features become as easy as "copy and paste" to implement with the command prompt.
Furthermore the free software that is available for linux is organized into repositories with package maintainers that insure that the software is maintained properly for the operating system. And in general most of the software that is meant for development is much better in overall quality because it's made by a community of developers for other developers. Free software also respects the users rights because it's not motivated to spy on or extort the user. In fact the whole motivation behind free software is to empower the community of users. 
Operating systems like windows and iOS literally spy on the user and anyone with half a brain would not touch them with a ten foot pole. The only exception is phones and gaming. The former is only true because of obscene regulations and crony capitalism and the latter is only true because many gamers are immature and do not understand that they are enabling unethical practices by purchasing games. 
I implore you as an individual to read through the free software foundations literature on the benefits of free software. They are not all communists and many of them are even bitcoiners who wish to empower individuals to become independently wealthy like they are! 
Overall we need to strive to live in as free a society as possible and to empower individuals instead of corporations and politicians. We cannot do this if we give them the legal power to prosecute us for sharing information. Arranging 1s and 0s into patterns does not entitle you to profit. Only the demand of your efforts will reward you with anything and that is dictated by the laws of computing.
You said that authors are entitled to the rights to publish their work. But you are neglecting the fact that every book ever written and will ever be written has already been published. **The following is a link to the "Library of Babel" which is a an algorithm which has arranged all the characters in the alphabet into every possible combination:
You see, when we are creating something we are not actually creating anything at all. In fact we are only *finding* the answer to a question. Creation can be more accurately thought of as subtractive synthesis. Information already exists as white noise and our brains have evolved to filter in or tune into certain frequencies of thought or understanding. Ever heard of the concept of *the muse?*
Have you ever done psychedelics? When we create something we are only trapping ideas into physical manifestations. It is not fair or just to regulate this process and those who wish to do that are only feeding into a nefarious, fearful, and greedy mind virus which wishes to control humanity. When people seek to make laws which regulate our thoughts and the information which we access or copy they are literally making a deal with **satan.** 
@_date: 2017-09-16 00:19:23
Because he is pirating content? Do you realize how abstract owning a copy of information is? Do you realize that model of profit revenue from content creation is deprecated and unethical? Do you realize that there are other ways to profit from content creation such as advertising, donations, and subscriptions? Do you realize that Linus Trovalds came up with a better OS than windows and was able to give it away for free and still manage to become a billionaire?
There is an argument to be made that copying and sharing information should not be illegal. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:41:19
Youre allowed to have a discussion, sure but I am also allowed to call you out for being a little gate-keeping cuckboy. And Mcafee's reputation is exactly why john is the *perfect* example for bitcoin. His story and lifestyle looks bad from the surface but when you research it further you find out how he is actually a genuine good guy. He is a self made man who is a victim of being relentlessly pursued and slandered by a corrupt state (Belize), and used his wits to trick them and expose their funding of terrorism and his bravery to escape, in addition to providing a better standard of living to many women and genuinely seems to love his young wife. He is an old man that didn't let his age get in the way from living a life of adventure and his *American Dream*. 
He **is** just like bitcoin and the perfect metaphor for it. At first people thought bitcoin was just for criminals and gamblers but when you research it more you realize the the technology has the power to *genuinely* change the world in a way that takes power from monopolistic state and financial institutions and can empower anyone, not just those who are unfairly judged by society or the state. And for those of us who have been, or with friends or family who have been oppressed by the state and society as a whole we can relate to John and he is the ultimate fucking hero for those who've been persecuted! He is the *perfect* fucking hero and **metaphor** that bitcoin deserves.
Are you really just complaining about the one video he made where he was making fun of the public's perception of him? Did you know he featured his own wife in that video? Who are you to judge his life style when he is not hurting anyone and he has provided the women in his life with a better standard of living? 
Why not actually watch an interview with them man so you can hear who the human is behind on the slander and oppression:
And crypto currency in general is supposed to be decentralized in nature and there shouldnt be fucking gate keepers who get to say who is and who isnt allowed into the club. If you dont like someone who is promoting bitcoin then you can go fuck yourself because Mcafee has helped bring the price up and made money for speculators in addition to fighting for our freedom and privacy with his research and projects and advocacy. Moreover you can go fuck yourself because anyone is allowed to own cypto currency and only god can stop them from holding on to wealth and voicing their free speech. You are so snobby and want to gate-keep bitcoin yet **people who are far more unethical use dollars** and guilt by association is a logical fallacy and the fact you care about shows the level of your ethics and intellect, furthermore you have misconstrued a fucking parody video **making fun of people exactly like yourself** and think it's grounds for exile and *wrong think.* 
My guess is you are the type of person who is so insecure you feel like you have to constantly virtue signal and will only go along with what is trendy or popular or mainstream and have no ethics or morals of your own which you are willing to risk your reputation sticking up for. Its people like you who allow oppressive, slanderous media and governments, to bully people into **acting like cucks.** Do you have *any* balls whatsoever? If you want to disassociate yourself from certain people you are free to do so and if you want to form a bleached, censored, cucked, exclusive, group for *virtue signalling* people who are socially and ethically *pure* and censor your own community then feel free to fucking do so but people have the same right to disassociate from intolerant, bigoted, gate-keeping fucks like yourself just like they are free to disassociate from racists and pedophiles. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:08:40
Nice projection? An attempt at gaslighting?
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:56:01
Idk about kim but Mcafee is pretty fucking bad ass and everyone that meets him says he is incredibly nice. If you look into the case he didnt murder anybody and the only real bad thing you can say about him is that he likes to party on stimulants but since when is that such a bad thing? Also he has a black wife so that is very progressive, and he is a perfect advocate for freedom because he has inside knowledge on corruption by state entities from his business deals. 
EDIT: I realize having a black gf or wife is no big deal and my comment specifically was a sarcastic jab because **liberals are the only ones who care about race anymore** and this is easily perceptible because they race bait in the media all the god damn time. If you really think I am stupid enough to think interracial dating is edgy then go fuck yourself and you are retarded because hardly anyone is that fucking stupid and my comment was obviously sarcastic. Seriously I can't believe we are this far behind where the sarcasm is not evident in a sarcastic comment like that. It basically proves my fucking point. 