@_author: fuck_your_diploma
@_date: 2018-08-20 19:20:59
Are you aware of more services like Hodl? Can anyone reading this post them to me?
@_date: 2018-08-21 05:58:06


They won't have to. They can trade PTR for BTC can't they?


Venezuela has the worlds largest oil reserves, hardly not backed. People not being 'able' to buy their oil thanks to given sanctions is another topic.


Yea, that is quite the problem isn't it?


Thanks for this, every support is amazingly welcome against the banking cartel. 
I don't think sovereign countries will adopt BTC over fiat anywhere near (Venezuela is the first, right? To adopt a crypto countrywide), given the lobby power of USD, but other cryptos, like Stellar and Iota, that are more business oriented, these I believe to have a stronger chance to maybe give more power to BTC in the long run, but I myself, don't quite believe BTC can be all they praise for it to be, unfortunately as it is, specially because the largest miners and backers are Chinese.
@_date: 2018-08-21 07:38:58
Hmmm, ultra sweet, thanks 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:40:49
Wow, very solid response and arguments, thanks.
I asked because I've seen this Venezuelan comment here:
And then made the conversions to LATAM fiats, finding quite similar purchase power (compared to USD, sure), but I forgot to factor that THE GOVERNMENT caps the exchange themselves, so Venezuela *always* lose here (and eventually, they'll run out of cash to buy USD too, their literal end, so my guess is that's the reason why of the PTR was created, because it allows Venezuela to continue to trade USD with other countries, as its backed by oil prices (that are in USD), REASON why the US has *updated* the sanctions to include cryptos via Trump executive order this week).
I'm not even taking the crazy inflation nor the VES/VEF monetary maneuver to PTR because it just brings in more crazy, close to what you've mentioned in these tweets.
I'm so sad for this people. Everyone is paying with their lives for this crazy goverment :(
It's a very similar situation in Greece and other places, apparently there's this hate over any form of left wing government, they don't even need to be communists to get beaten up by every country in the free world because of the global dollarization and it's somewhat weird to see this synchronized movement after the US burned their savings with the 2008 bailout, it's like the world has to pay for their mistakes and the ill  equipped countries are failing just because they are the weakest links.
The lack of vision for Venezuelas future, with this oil mono culture and the dependency on other markets to be somewhat sustainable is also a result of things like the Monroe Doctrine, and for some reason now, instead of countries like Venezuela go out looking for a sustainable alternative, they are implementing their own versions of the doctrine with countries like China/Russia/Iran, and the US has grown tired of China for now as it seems given the tariff wars.
All this political environment is bringing chaos to latam countries, basically a brain drain is the most expressive one through out all latam for the future of these countries, immigration/emigration crisis is affecting them now, the economic bias towards a ruin of all latam economies is whats being preached for the next 50 years, because after the storm, the US can lend them USD through the IMF and such, so IMHO, ALL THIS BS is being carefully crafted to keep the US as a power in LATAM, or a revisited version of the Monroe Doctrine, if you will.
Not that governments can't be plain stupid (as with Maduro), but the whole act, the big picture that's not in the papers, is this, the US wants countries in DEBT in the near future, in USD, not in CNY, hence this fuckery, but here I'm in the conspiracy realm, but it makes sense if you look at the future, specially one that has China as a superpower.
@_date: 2018-08-20 19:16:50
How is the Spanish Podemos connected to the Brazilian Podemos and other siblings like En Marche (FR) and 5 Estrelas (IT)?
@_date: 2018-08-21 02:38:27
Very cool, gonna check'em out, thanks!
@_date: 2018-08-20 19:06:18
That's whats amazes me, the purchase power of bolivars is almost the same (right now) as for many South American countries.
The core issue is that people are not being paid? Care to summarize how the same purchase power can buy the same things in Brazil/Argentina/whatever? (I get the goods are not available to buy, etc, but from an economic perspective, even with hyperinflation, the base price is very close to other Latam countries).
Because I was reading today Maduro said Petro is valued at USD $60, so wages in Venezuela right now are ALL under this $60/month?
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:43:30
That’s too nerdy and very basic from a graphical perspective.
Not being a critic or anything, but does anybody  have a more factual video, that doesn’t focus that much on the technical, instead on how frictionless it can get?
Maybe addressing questions like wallets, scalability, fallback options like debt cards, ATM integrations, legacy banking integration, taxes...
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:16:24
I do, thank you.
@_date: 2017-11-26 22:08:26
Wait, so if I never sell them, just buy things using the bitcoin I won't pay no taxes at all if the transaction goes undetected on delivery? 