@_author: fuckcnn123
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:22:12
I'd rather get my money in 5 years then never. Sorry but I'll take the stand in court and get what is mine even if it means you losing your precious e-pennies. This isn't making bead necklaces on fucking etsy for some of us; it is a means of well-being and achieving livelihood.
I'll snatch btc-e.com and coinbase.com in the next couple years though, then I'll post a public apology on behalf of the previous owners to help dry your apologist tears. Snatching domains from fuckers is my deal, righteousness is my game nigga. "Money ain't no mothafuckin' object."
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:25:00


That's where they get ya. They're happy to receive but good luck with the withdrawal. Been trying for 8 months or so personally.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:24:52
I've gone through blockchain.info for years and have nothing but praise except that they recently added a confusing "signup" feature when you make a wallet. This is a safety for password recovery but you can type in nonsense in the e-mail if you care for privacy. Your info is none of their business obviously, just note the password you enter and the login identifier it generates.
The crypto community always needs more levels heads from real people. If you have any questions at all, big or small, feel free to ask any time man.
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:02:17
Don't let others become victims of fraud like you and I have!
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:11:50
**Don't report fraud unless it has occurred to you.**
If you've been a victim of fraud by Coinbase (reddit has a search function, I understand you are all apparently very, very fucking new to reddit and Bitcoin, this is widespread, very fucking well known and well documented) then report exactly what has happened and nothing extraneous.
I figured that went without saying, sentience being an apparently mistaken given here, but I hope that clears things up for anyone who somehow couldn't independently determine that but is actually capable of reading.
It seems everyone who's been involved with Bitcoin more than a few weeks is @ r/btc now, maybe I should try there to expect average or better user intelligence? Hm. Yeah fucking probably. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:03:23
It was definitely brash ;) but I appreciate it.
If all you have is BTC definitely move that to a personal wallet! One coin or even a couple isn't too hard to manage. I don't use Gdax, not yet anyway, but it wouldn't be the first or even second time people have lost their crypto with an exchange going down. Mt. Gox was the big lesson for first-gen Bitcoiners.
The cost of being safe is the transaction fee of sending between the exchange and your private wallet. If you trade back and forth very actively in a time-sensitive way of playing on peaks and valleys of value, consider risk vs transaction fees... but if you're vesting and resting in BTC like most people don't take the risk - put your cash in your own wallet where it's safe from everyone except you and drunk you. :)
@_date: 2017-08-17 01:52:33
Nah, disabled withdraws. They removed my bank account (previously used in practice) and am unable to re-add it because it already 'exists'. Which as a technical error is acceptable, but this is, if not intentional, a glaring a customer support issue I've exhausted with repeated attempts at contact for months on end and have no option left. I paid considerable fees to pull to from BTC to USD and won't do so again to exchange back, send to another exchange wallet, and exchange a third time. These costs, on top of capital gains tax, add up dramatically.
These kind of issues are rife with Coinbase for a while now. They literally do not have customer support so when you experience a common technical issue (or intentional impediment, honestly, nothing changed) you can either fight it legally or let 'em take what's yours via the circumvention of taking your gains elsewhere. I fit into the former category obviously, I'll join the latter only if and when this effort fails.
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:01:47
Utter conspiracy nonsense. Thanks for the blaring insight though, Alex Jones.
I recommend Bittrex / Kraken. There's a difference between advising against cryptocurrency investments and advising people to avoid well-known fraud scams. This is an emerging currency tech and hackers and corporations alike would like what's yours (I would too, I won't lie, like most people I would steal from you an instant if you let me), that's no secret - but if you'd like to proceed in this world with guards down, go right ahead: wolves need to eat, Mary's little lambs will do just fine.
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:57:57
Kraken offers fewer coin options than others like Bittrex (probably a dozen or so, as opposed to every altcoin ever) but what I admire with them is they've always played by the rules heavily. I subscribed to their newsletter and saw the hoops they jumped thru to start operations legally in the US, state by state even. Above any other exchange, you can trust Kraken with legal compliance as far as I'm concerned. I worry much less with them than Coinbase or Bittrex.
As far as investments... it's increasingly hard to say :) I think Monero (XMR) has unrealized utility value (achieved black maket acceptance due to anonymity features, fast as hell, active IRL dev community) but it hasn't been profitable for me in the way other currencies have, yet. Ethereum is going nowhere but up but already has something like ~40% of BTC's market cap, so if price is relative to market cap I'm cautious about how much more it will actually grow in value prior to 2018. A few months ago I'd have a few safe bets to suggest but the waters and getting muddier from my view so I'm consolidating a bit to the big coins.
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:36:48
Sounds like they haven't! No need to report anything. This is for victims of fraud - thanks.
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:46:51
You get that, sorry for being brash brotha.
On a related note, though, as hard as it is for diversified portfolios people need to keep coin off the exchanges where possible so as to not lose it or get tied up, especially where an exchange is facing legal heat as with Coinbase. I'm talking about their recent IRS audit more than anything. It's tough to do but I personally I lost some legacy LTC to BTC-E (was not laundering with the service) and know the value of that lesson.