@_author: fulltechnician
@_date: 2018-09-09 08:47:57
That's true. Especially with the amount of influence the wealthy have. It's becoming a corporatocracy, or plutocracy as people are having less and less influence on the political process. If you don't have several millions in your pocket, forget about making an impact. Pay to play.
And that's a good point, Leo_decar. The Chinese government is more focused on the Renminbi rather than Bitcoin, but they may see it as a threat to their ability to control their own currency. Similar to Google and their ability to control their own internet.
@_date: 2018-09-04 13:41:50
Bitcoin is still in the grey zone for a lot of countries because they don't know what to do with it. Just look at India who declared it illegal to transact with a few months back and are now fumbling as they don't know what to do about it. They've probably noticed that they could just tax the shit out of it and make a fortune. And it's still being transacted all over the country for as low as 1%.
When I see posts "what would happen if my gov't found out" I wonder if people really understand the breadth of Bitcoin, or the lack of their government's reach. They have no idea, and would have a hard time figuring it out. They' only do it if they really needed to, like if you're involved in organized crime.
@_date: 2018-09-11 10:59:02
Or when you told your family over Christmas dinner last year that Bitcoin was the future of finance... and they all bought it. Then when you met for Easter, they all hated you.
These things are impossible to predict so if you do happen to tell them to buy and it pumps, you're pretty lucky. I never give direct advice, I just tell them what I have and don't have, and why. Investing is quite personal because we all have different expectations and beliefs about what the market should or should not do, and different levels of tolerance when it doesn't follow those beliefs.
@_date: 2018-09-13 10:10:33
Catherine Austin Fitts did a very good investigation into the black budgets back before the housing crisis. She found that millions were disappearing through Fanny Mae &amp; Freddie Mac.
It's no surprise that they're siphoning out money. Where they are putting it all is the question. I have no idea what one would do with that much money. You can't even spend a fraction of it on a luxury lifestyle like they have. All of this just gets swept under the carpet and the public forgets just as easily as they heard about it.
@_date: 2018-09-08 12:59:46
Concepts of democracy differ around the world. In China they have what they call a "one party democracy". Don't ask, I wouldn't know how to explain.
The Great Firewall of China is basically the government's way of controlling information. It's like Orwell's 1984--only information that agrees with their narrative is allowed. 
They're trying to get a lockdown on Bitcoin so they can control it, just like they control everything else. I wouldn't say they are trying to murder it, that's just clickbait.
@_date: 2018-09-07 16:42:41
Or they just wouldn't be able to sell as many shorts on it either. The big ones will want to keep themselves open to that market though so they'll probably buy up as many as possible. But the problem is newcomers these days aren't aware of the P2P exchanges and prefer to buy off exchanges because they're "safer". They seem to think that exchanging with P2P has a risk of being jacked--we need more education about the escrow process.
Maybe we should try to time a massive offloading, see if it affects the price much. That is, if there's anyone here with coins still left on an exchange...
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:13:08
Yeah there should never be a fear of selling at a loss. That's what can be destructive. I've ruined my account a couple of times thinking that I can just hold a losing trade until it returns, but these things can defy gravity, especially when you most need it.
Getting pretty good at day trading means yes, you are a successful guesser, but you are also wise enough to cut losses and abandon worthless investments. Humans have a natural tendency to cling to things they don't need, which is why there are so many hoarders and loosing retail traders. You don't want to marry the trade.
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:24:01
How did you get access to this footage??
Nice one. Defeats can still be profitable eh... anything can be profitable if you weasel your way into it. Just print enough money to keep the general public running nonstop on the hamster wheel of inflation and they won't have the time to notice what kind of tricks your central bank is up to. Keep them occupied with reality TV and selfies, nothing to worry about here!
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:27:43


Yeah I've been curious about this network too. I haven't traded on it but it looks great. Prices aren't so great right now precisely because there's little volume, but if more people get into it, we'll certainly see some improvement. 
What caught my attention was the anonymous nature. Because it connects through TOR it doesn't even have IP addresses involved in trades, which all other exchanges have, even P2P. However, as has been proven in several high profile arrests with the silk road and other darknet operations, true anonymity is really hard to achieve.
@_date: 2018-09-06 13:52:31
Gee who would've thought hey? After all that madness in 2008, no one would expect banks to be manipulating markets anymore. No sir, they've got rulebooks to follow now and government regulation. 
It's crazy if you think about it. They can just fire that printing press all day long and rig markets until the cracks of devaluation and inflation finally start to show. But by that time it'll be too late because it'll all come crumbling down. That's why there's so many desperate attempts to make bitcoin appear worthless--it truly is the emergency escape route.
@_date: 2018-09-10 11:22:31
Well since Bitcoin shot up to nearly 20k last year, everyone and his uncle has tried to become an expert. The problem with the internet is you can get a domain for as little as $2 a month nowadays and make it look somewhat credible with a fancy template. Then post away all kinds of nonsense about how the face of crypto is changing, add a few affiliate links, and bam! You're a cryptomillionaire overnight! Too bad get rich quick schemes never really work.
I don't even bother reading many news sites because there's no substance beneath their posts, and most of their headlines are just clickbait. 
@_date: 2018-09-20 09:20:33
Yeah exactly. I didn't want anything to do with the new iOS but this is reason enough right here! 
Now we've all got to spam our friends with this icon. If everyone sends it to 100 people, at least 10 might google it...
How long until they come with a default wallet? Not that it's a good thing, you should never store more than a few day's worth of Bitcoin on your phone, but it will encourage people to go out there and buy some. They might find a way to make themselves a bit of commission off the fees even. 