@_author: funkballzthachurlish
@_date: 2017-09-07 07:05:54
Update: so the key is the wallet.dat file and currently the one being synced was created a day ago, so probably not the .dat file with my old balance on it. I am trying to locate the old .dat file and I am not sure where it could be ... old HHDs around, I'll look. Other alternatives seem to be contacting the old exchange i bought from, and see if they have any info on file, but they won't have the private key ... only transaction info if anything? Too bad. Would have been a nice 3k score ... I'll continue to look until I have exhausted everything, but as of right now, I believe i may be ass out. 
One interesting thing: i had an old Bitcoin QT client 0.81.dmg which i used back in the day. That one said I had 3k days since last sync, and was created in 2013. It also asked me to upgrade immediately. I did, and got bitcoin-014.2.dmg and that one says 5 years since last sync, which would put it in 2012. Not sure what happened there, but I am keeping the old .dmg, even if i wrote over the old app (shit?) and maybe that is a path to recovering old key? idk. 
Edit; SP
@_date: 2017-09-07 05:51:47
Says 3 days till fully synced, and that transactions/balances will not be accurate till sync. so we shall see. 
Noob question: where is my private key and how does the wallet find/know mine? I am on a different computer than the one I was on when I first bought BTC. 
EDIT: Would it be on the HDD of former computer? 
EDIT: Googling ... but any help appreciated. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 14:44:25
I managed to get into the old HDD and with my heart beat racing went to Library/Application Support/ ... and there was no folder for Bitcoin at all. 
I thought that was strange, so I went to Finder/Arrange BY/Date Created/Modified and saw that Bitcoin-QT was opened in 2014, the folders in question (App Support) had not been opened since 2015, and the most recent folders were in July of this year, Preferences and Cache, which happened during the diagnostics when I went to get the old MacBook fixed and found out it was dead. I thought, maybe those dudes took it and stole it? Been working with them for 2 years and it would be surprising but not out of the range of human conduct. I called them. They seemed genuinely confused. 
So. Not sure what happened here. I def. used the app back then, bc I was buying and selling China. So a folder should have been created. But it wasn't there. According to Date Modified info, the folder Application Support had not been opened in 2017 and I could find no real record of anything happening, bc I know of no way to trace the actions on an external HDD. 
Is it possible that someone got in there, took the folder, and deleted it?
At the time i was using Bitcoin QT 0.9XXX ... perhaps it functioned differently then? I searched for "wallet" and found only the current wallet, with a paltry bit of BTC in it. 
So I may have lost them. Sigh. For a minute there, as I was scrolling, I thought I may have had a welcome boon from the universe. 
But alas. 