@_author: funtime_throwaway_73
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:30:27


Considering that most of the world is based on theoretical debt that will never be paid off anymore and precious metals are rapidly becoming something you use in electronics or something crazy/"crazy" people invest in...
But that does kind of sum things up. You are in a weird space where you are combining the world as of 50 years ago with the theoretical.


If I make a new technology that is just a square wheel and someone asks me why they would use that instead of one with rounded edges, my argument isn't going to be about the potential of square wheels and how it is absurd to throw it out because it isn't as smooth as it could be.
As it stands now, there is no reason anyone should use bitcoin as a currency. If you want to argue its value as an investment and a commodity, go for it. But as a currency, you are just putting yourself at unnecessary risk


Actually, they have it tied to an account number. Which is why I suggested prepaid cards for folk who are concerned about their privacy


Like a prepaid card you buy off some guy in a back alley?


It really isn't. You can argue it is harder to trace (which is patently untrue), but the privacy is actually not there at all and is one of the funniest things about the pro-bitcoin crowd. Every single transaction is public record and searchable by anyone who cares enough. All I need is one transaction with a person and I can track back to their wallet and then find out all their other transactions. And I don't need a warrant or anything else. All I need are some scripts I can find online because others have done this.
Contrast this with a simple credit card system where it is still just as "easy" to track transactions except that I need a lot of warrants/bribes and I need to probably call the state department once the trail leads to a foreign country.
What bitcoin DOES provide (please, take notes so you can parrot this later) is equality. I don't have to be Agent Smith to get access to your bank records. I can be Little Jimmy in his mom's basement. I don't need to hope my country has a treaty with yours to bring you to "justice", I can just post the string of transactions online and let mob mentalities hunt you down for your theft. And I don't need to have committed a crime for someone with too much free time to find out I bought a sex toy last week.
People are confused because the primary use case for bitcoin, at least at the start, was stuff like silk road. And if you take precautions, like using a tumbler (money laundering), you are pretty much set unless you are special and it is worth someone's time to run the numbers on which of the outputs you probably were (which is really just a few python scripts and a lot of cpu time). But the same can be said of using prepaid credit cards you bought in bulk.
Seriously. If your argument is going to keep boiling down to "if you don't like it, don't use it" then just let me know and I'll stop bothering to talk to you. But you, like many others, have a fundamental misunderstanding of how modern currencies work and are, funny enough, advocating bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for its shortcomings.
@_date: 2017-08-01 02:36:55
Actually, people DO question the use of gold, silver, and other precious metals as commodities and generally the folk who try are the ones being scammed out of their pensions.
Your entire argument is "This is the future! WHo cares if it is trivially simple to scam someone! THIS IS THE FUTURE"
Also, there really isn't much of a difference in terms of anonymity in terms of traditional credit based networks and bitcoin these days. Either way you need to pay to get into and out of the system. You could go buy a bunch of black market prepaid cards and charge burner phones if you really wanted to (and before you argue that you can get paid in btc or whatever, you can probably find someone who will pay you in burner prepaid credit cards). Just like you can go give someone some cash for a no questions asked bitcoin transaction. Or you can go through a legitimate outlet and provide much more personal information that can then be traced by anyone who has access to the records.
Except that apparently traditional networks have MORE anonymity as only folk who fill out the right paperwork can see the transactions rather than anyone who is willing to run a node.
The only real difference is no one is screaming "Credit cards are THE FUTURE" and "You might not get it but you will". And, if you choose to use remotely legitimate outlets, you have a LOT of consumer protection. And vendors have a lot of protection too.
@_date: 2016-05-04 14:10:53
Except a good chunk of the crap they report on aren't leaks to begin with. Stuff like secret initiation rituals of sororities.
@_date: 2016-05-04 14:14:09
Yeah, that is my problem with them.
One of the big things to learn as a journalist is what not to report on. And Wikileaks never learned that. Hell, their big claims to fame probably didn't even need them as the Associated Press generally don't shy away from that kind of stuff: They just black out names and make sure that only The Bad Guys get hurt and not the comparatively innocent folk who got caught up with it
Maybe Wikileaks has good intentions (I would personally compare them to reddit in that you have a lot of very destructive people who occasionally accomplish something not horrible in their attempts to Fix The World), but they are one of the shittiest rags out there with respect to fact-checking standards and journalistic integrity
And don't get me started on Assange himself.
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:11:18
That is a complete non sequitor. The topic isn't about if bitcoin is doing fine. The topic is about how people think they have influence because they post on reddit
@_date: 2016-05-04 18:53:29
That is just it: There is nothing scientific about what they do
And the thing is, people DO decide what is reported on with respect to scientific articles in a manner that is actually pretty similar to how "real" journalism works. An article is written (generally by a third party, but I am extending this to include the more popular magazines where staff might make the articles) and submitted to the editors.
The editors then read the article (hopefully) and if they don't feel they are qualified to pass judgement, they seek additional reviewers/opinions. It is assessed with respect to bias, presentation, and validity.
That is why it is so hard to get somewhat radical/revolutionary work published. It takes a lot more thought to determine if it is valid or if you happened to be playing ball and some asbestos flaked into the beaker.
Same with real journalists and the like. Generally the editors are sufficient to figure out if something is worth publishing and, if not, phone calls and online chatrooms are used to discuss the ramifications of a publication. Generally the latter is more for "So... this is fucked up. How do we report on this in a fair way?"
Wikileaks is none of that. Wikileaks is a 4chan message board that will give just as much credibility to grandma's fig pudding recipe as they do footage of a tragedy. And they'll make damned sure to spin both as a juicy war crime because If It Bleeds It Leads.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:46:32
It is fairly easy to circumvent (hence the prevalence of identity theft, even domestically)
If you think of it as a way to prevent fraud, it is pretty sketchy. Mostly it succeeds in providing a trail to recover from fraud.
Let's look at the Vinnik/btc-e problem as a case study
Vinnik (allegedly) made a bunch of dummy accounts. He was able to do that because all you need (prior to real money transactions) is an email. Having to provide proof of identity would drastically slow this down and either lead to a bunch of accounts in his name or more charges when he is caught committing identity theft. And law enforcement/forensic accountants would probably wonder "Why did all of these people who reported credit card fraud suddenly make a btc-e account?". All of the accounts would probably have gone through, but it would have raised red flags a lot sooner.
But let's assume that still went through. Now we think of the comparatively innocent customers. If all you have is an email, you can't be distinguished from a dummy account. Whereas, if you have an identity on file, all you have to do is prove you are still that person (recent scanned utility bill probably) and a fairly automated process can give you back your funds. Because the odds of the identity thief being able to get the same victim's documents again is pretty slim.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:37:49
Benefit of the doubt/devil's advocate:
It is possible that he was not at all affiliated with them and just made hundreds of accounts on their system and engaged in money laundering that way.
Law enforcement approaching an institution and asking for assistance (in the form of a warrant) is not at all unheard of.
Generally, said institution would then pull the records law enforcement needs and would move on with their day.
In this case, due to the nature of btc-e, they can't/won't pull those records (they may very well not exist or not be discernable from the rest)
And in that case, law enforcement will then shut them down until they can get the information they need.
So it is possible btc-e could be completely fucked and have all their stuff seized because an (alleged) criminal chose to use them. And it could have been avoided had they done basic due diligence and kept records.
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:04:33
You have about as much influence as someone who talks about how they are going to boycott Modern Warfare 2 because there aren't going to be dedicated servers
The key aspect to influence is.. influence. If you sold all your coins right now, that would have no meaningful impact and all anyone would ever know is that you sold your coins. THere is no way for you to say "I want segwit to be embraced" or "I think we need to work with the SEC and add much more regulation to bitcoin to prevent more scams" in any way that matters. THAT is influence
Even voting in the fundamentally broken US electoral college system is more influential than what you do here because at least that provides a metric of how many people decided they disliked one option less.
As for your logic of "I am influential because I use it": Arguable but sure. But that has jack shit to do with being here.
If you want to influence cryptocurrencies and actually make an impact, make one. Don't just do mental gymnastics to say you are. All a circlejerk does is get everyone's hands sticky.
@_date: 2017-07-28 19:26:28
People are in the cryptocurrency field for those reasons
People are HERE because of memes, get rich quick schemes, and because they think this is them raging against the proverbial machine and living a counter-culture lifestyle
@_date: 2017-07-30 22:43:37
Actually, if you use those evil institutions that everyone hates, your cash is pretty well protected.
My primary credit card has a phone app that alerts me every time someone swipes it. I have great fraud protection. I also get pretty decent cash back that I can redeem either as straight up cash or get a bonus if I buy a gift card or use it for travel. I also have an app that will alert me the moment anything significant (like opening a new account) impacts my credit score. And I just have to log-in at home and I can pay off that card
What I lose on anonymity (that only exists if you do money laundering with BTC) I gain on security and convenience. 
If BTC or any other cryptocurrency ever gets those levels of protection, they will be viable. Because right now, most of the dream that people are advocating here and elsewhere already exists. All we are missing is the shady stuff that continues to cause problems and lead to the same "Fucking law enforcement is robbing me" posts because their non-recognized currency has been confiscated due to a money laundering or theft scheme.
And the idea of cryptocurrencies protecting you in case the dollar loses value? Any situation that leads to a significant loss in value of one of the major nation backed currencies is going to fuck the economy up enough that your wallet is worthless, if only because there will be nobody around to buy it off of you.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:04:47
Or, better yet, they actually prove which ones are involved in money laundering and confiscate all of those. Rather than just saying "Alright, looking through logs is too hard. Everyone withdraw your money. Even you dummy.account.7899822
@_date: 2017-07-31 03:34:57
Except that you claimed the ongoing lack of any regulations or protections was "just like cash". Which is completely and utterly wrong
@_date: 2017-07-31 13:18:51
So your "argument" to someone pointing out the lack of any form of consumer (or vendor, for that matter) protection is to compare bitcoin to physical currency...
Maybe one day reddit will learn that "I am technically correct because I didn't say anything at all related to the rest of the conversation" isn't clever or witty and is just the equivalent of Frito Pendejo saying "I like money"
@_date: 2016-05-03 20:02:44
The thing to remember is that wikileaks is an organization with a horrifically shitty record of journalistic integrity. Anyone gives them juicy/entertaining information and they will publish it, with a spin that will make people more likely to donate money, with no regard for if it is even meaningful to publish or if anyone can get hurt by the uncensored release.
So, as you said, they are pissed that they weren't invited to the party as a half-assed revelation with questionable supporting evidence is right up their alley. And a lot of those mainstream outlets (The Economist which, as mentioned, did things 100% correctly) tend to bash Wikileaks for just wanting the scoop, regardless of if there even is one.
@_date: 2017-07-28 20:58:59
Okay, I'll play ball.
How are you influencing it? Where are the nuanced discussions of the merit of an approach on reddit? Where are the devs asking for code review with a focus on the implications of an alteration?
Because those discussions do happen. They just don't happen here. Here, people post links to folk saying they don't like bitcoin or talk about how their favorite site doesn't like the new thing or how they want to wear their member's only jacket to school to really stick it to the teachers and show that they are disruptive.
If you genuinely do want to have a say in how the thing you openly admit to not understand works and moves, this is not the place to do it.
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:14:55
As a thought experiment and a platform to experiment with technology, it has a lot of utility. You can see this with more and more stable institutions adopting aspects of a blockchain-like model. And in a few years we'll get some really interesting psychology and economics papers out of this.
As an investment, it is like any other bubble. A lot of people are going to make a LOT of money (funny enough, the people that the rebels think they are screwing over...) and a LOT of people are going to get beggared (sadly). And a lot more people will either have small gains or losses that teach them the lesson of not investing in a bubble.
As for its use as a currency: Most of its benefits appeal to less than legal activities, sadly. Beyond that it has become a marketing trick where companies partner with services that will let them be paid in BTC and immediately convert to fiat. So all the "hip" benefits and none of the risk.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:29:42
No, they are just misguided and caught up in the circlejerk hype
Yes, bitcoin is "fake". So is fiat. What matters is the value people believe it has. To people here, bitcoin is more valuable because memes and get rich quick and blah blah blah. To a lot more people, fiat is more valuable because it is more widely accepted and is tied in to infrastructure that allows for "good debt" like houses and the like.
As for the idea of living off bitcoin: it is really no different than all the counter-culture people over the years who live off cash and barter economies. If you can make it work and live within those means, it is a great feeling. But the more you do it, the more it causes long term problems if you ever decide you don't want to live on the fringe because you'll be someone in their 30s with a non-existent credit history and most likely no work history you can legally report. Just talk to some of the old hippies who never "sold out"
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:12:46
Any reputable institution uses services to actually check for blatantly fake IDs. At the very least, you need someone who exists. And if that someone is not you, that is identity theft.


Because generally when people are having identity theft looked in to, law enforcement at some level is made aware (if only to further bone someone when they get pulled over for expired plates). That goes into a database (probably a few dozen, unlinked ones...) and can later be used to investigate things


You are missing the fact that you are treating a, for lack of a better term, shady organization as the  standard.
When you sign up for an account somewhere, you fill out basic information. The easiest example is giving your credit card info to a site. Said site isn't writing their own software to check your card. They are using an existing service to verify that for them. Pornhub doesn't know how to check if your credit card is still valid and a transaction went through, but the company they pay to do that for them does.
So the Ukranian company isn't going to know what  a Brazilian bill looks like. But the Ukranian company, if it isn't shady as hell, is going to be paying a Swiss (or French (or German (or whatever))) company to run that for them. And that Swiss company DOES know what  Brazilian bill and a Canadian bill and an Ethiopian bill looks like, and they are the ones who say "Yeah, this person exists". That is why you'll often end up at the same site for entering payment information for different stores.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:19:25
Personally, I consider them criminally negligent for handling large sums of money without doing the most basic of identification checks.
Its like running a pawn shop in a bad part of town and having one large male customer come in to sell you five pink and bedazzled iphones and not even bothering to say "So... do you have a lot of daughters?"
But for what its worth, I also consider all the people who stored money with the service to be foolish for trusting their money to a service that didn't even do the most basic of identification checks. And while I hope the vast majority of the affected customers can be proven to not be bad actors and get their  btc back, I also hope this is a learning experience for them. Unfortunately, this sub and a good chunk of the community seem to be advocating the "store all your money in your mattress" approach that totally doesn't have any flaws...
@_date: 2017-07-30 13:53:25
Actually, any exchange that just takes the simple steps of linking you to some form of legally recognized ID (often a bank account) will do it. This is why the entire banking system doesn't fall apart the moment that an exec is caught snorting coke off the penis of a hooker.
Getting your BTC back will take some time due to investigations (how do they know you are you and not one of the shell accounts?) but that is the price you pay when you use an unregulated "no questions asked" service. If you are going to use a service to hold your money, make sure they are reputable.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:32:35
I can say that my moral beliefs mean I refuse to lock my door. But when my shit gets stolen, I have quite a bit of blame to put on myself.
Same here. It is great that folk wanted to live the libertarian life, but there are costs to that.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:42:38
Which is the mattress model and is completely irrelevant to the topic at hand (recovery of funds that were not in a mattress or a trustworthy bank-like structure).
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:46:26
Yes. Elitists who would rather people actually do something than just brag about how great they are.
If you want to feel good about yourself and contribute to a project, contribute. Don't just find ways to say you do
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:55:33
Why should you be afraid of anything? Your btc is as safe as it ever was
This subreddit, in its need to jerk itself off over not wanting any changes to anything and blah blah blah, is creating a state of panic
The ONLY way the bcc fork will impact you is if you want to transfer all of your bitcoin holdings to bcc or join everyone in trying to dump it immediately (I wonder who is going to be buying it...). If all you want to do is use bitcoin this likely will mean absolutely nothing to you as the odds of bcc overtaking btc in any reasonable timeframe is unlikely.
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:35:23
I would expect the FBI to return money to who they can. If they shut down a bank, they would return it to just about everyone because there is a simple path for that
If they raid an unofficial bank (so someone with a few mattresses who holds money for a neighborhood), it becomes a much bigger problem because there is not a simple path. And if giving all your money to someone down the block seems weird to you...
@_date: 2017-07-28 14:09:10
Please just please get a basic understanding of how the economy and money actually works. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are an interesting idea if you understand what you are getting in to and you very very very very very very very very very clearly don't.
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:21:01
I don't really care what it is or isn't. The fact of the matter is that if you use any of the established currencies (commonly referred to as "fiat") you have a LOT more protections
As for banks going bankrupt: have you ever wondered WHY those bankers get away with horrible shit? Because the government is trying to avoid them going bankrupt and people losing faith. Whether you agree with that or not, it generally gives you time to shove cash under a mattress or whatever. Compare that to a single (alleged) thug getting stupidly caught money laundering and their entire operation being locked down.
As for "bitcoin can solve all this": Okay. Solve it. Until ti does, it is fundamentally inferior as so many of these problems were already solved over a century ago.
@_date: 2016-05-04 19:32:48
And that is not scientific, but it does illustrate my point
People are stupid. Giving them the raw data is irresponsible in many cases.
For example: "Five hundred more people died from sounding last year than the year before". That is raw data. That is also meaningless and everyone will interpret that as they wish.
A journalist's job is to figure out how to phrase that to get the point across. Maybe "5x increase in sounding related deaths" would be helpful and more meaningful. Except, even then, people are fucking stupid and might not understand that is still a REALLY low number.
The problem is that wikileaks insists on publishing that and then saying the equivalent of "Sounding 100x more deadly than shark attacks. Are your children shoving stuff up their urethra? Read here before The Man attacks us!"
JUST publishing the raw data is sort of nice when it is a sorority initiation ritual (because that is important to know for some reason...) . When it contains personal information that can identify people and get them killed, not so much
And you know what else? Publishing all of that discourages the actual halfway intelligent whistleblowers. Because they can't trust wikileaks to protect them. Whereas the AP and actual journalists WILL protect them to the best of their capabilities.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:28:13
While I doubt anyone here is interested in a reasonable discussion and suspect everyone just wants to spew memes:
How is the FBI supposed to return your money? The big problem here is that btc-e didn't do basic identification checks and then was used for large scale money laundering. Whether the admins were complicit is, funny enough, irrelevant to the end user.
How did the money laundering occur? Lots of transactions between lots of shell accounts and real accounts.
The FBI needs to go through and figure out which accounts are people and which were shell accounts. People should get their money back. Giving money "back" to a shell account defeats the purpose.
But how are they going to figure out which accounts were people and which were shells?
And THAT is where the affected customers need to hope that btc-e's admins were complicit and it was VERY shady with blatant tags and ledgers saying which were dummies and which were real. Otherwise, the customers are fucked.
What I suggest is that everyone start assembling a document with all their transactions with btc-e and as much identifying information as possible in the hopes that it will be sufficient. But I wouldn't hold my breath and I would say that if folk still want to use cryptocurrencies they should focus on using services that do the checks. What you lose in anonymity you gain in security and reliability.
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:10:10
Then they probably will. It will take some time, but if you have an easy way to say "These coins are mine, and I am a real person" it is just a matter of waiting until someone gets around to setting up the form letter.
The issue is for the people who didn't do that.
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:16:01
Better yet, don't keep your life savings in an incredibly volatile investment/"currency"
Hell, don't keep your life savings in any one thing, period. Diversify. Invest in some cryptocurrency. Also invest in mutual funds.
But also understand what "investing" means. That means that you are ready to accept a loss. The BEST advice anyone can give on cryptocurrencies (or stocks) is to do some research, understand market trends, and acknowledge that you may be pissing away that money. Mutual funds and investment companies are great for minimizing that risk (the folk at Vanguard and the like are MUCH more knowledgeable and better equipped to handle things than you or I ever will be), but it is still a risk
So also put money in safe places. Put money in the bank. Also buy some stuff with long term value (houses are great for that). If either of those lose value to a significant degree, you are fucked anyway regardless of where your savings were
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:08:17
They compared this to "a magical fiat split" and banks not giving you pesos. You might as well ask me to "refute" someone who talks about a situation where your dick magically splits in two and one half becomes a saiyan tail that lets you turn into a giant ape.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:19:27
Ars provides a basic summary




In a nutshell: Deposit to btc-e held account with nothing other than an email address identifying it. Make a trade to a few different exchanges, then return to btc-e in a seemingly legit account.. Then withdraw as cash
Which is textbook money laundering. Get it in the system somehow (usually the hard part but in this case, very easy because btc-e didn't give a shit), make a few seemingly legitimate transactions to mask where it originated, then withdraw. The shell accounts don't need any authorization because they only ever operated in cryptocurrencies and Vinnik (allegedly) would have the coins eventually end up in a semi-legit account for withdrawal.