@_author: funterra
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:39:38
Unfortunately i think speculating on markets is something that you only learn through hard lessons. People always find it too difficult to sell at a loss even though it is highly probable the price will fall further
@_date: 2018-11-25 10:38:34
The thing is you are correct about the capitulation , but why the rush to buy in? I always think its better to sacrifice some gains when going long by first looking for the change in sentiment and an MA indicator that things are potentially on the up.
To buy now really is trying to time the bottom in my view , and I am sure we have all been burned before :)
@_date: 2018-02-02 09:45:09
Mate I learned the hard way trading stocks and Forex on leverage years ago that you only get experience in the market from being burned. I assume very very very few learn how to successfully (as an make more than you lose) speculate without wiping out their account more than once.
That said. Do not put in any more money, don't be so eager to make this mistake again. Continue to practice trade without the cash and build up / test a strategy for when you are going to exit and when you are going to open a position. You can learn without putting any money at risk! Just track how you go until you can consistently make winning trades - then step back in.
The hardest part is cutting your losses. Emotions drive some fairly stupid thinking when we are speculating , the losses seem so painful that do not want to realise that -5% hit...nah i will just wait till it rebounds back... ah wait its -30%...nah I will put them in the bottom drawer and wait for them to return to profit...
And then the opposite with gains. We end up not selling because we will wait for the peak...but how on earth do you know when that is going to happen? Why doesn't seeing that +20% return make you feel like you have achieved the goal for the trade and time to close?
Practice without real money and get your emotions in check. It makes a huge difference and in my experience, honestly I had to lose a lot of money before I took my own advice here.
