@_author: furiouslykindhermes
@_date: 2019-11-26 04:22:34
A math major and econ minor in highschool??? How are you in your right mind going to say that bitcoin is a great store of value then counter your own arguement and say it behaves in the same way penny stocks do? I dabbled with OTC stocks for fun during college, you know how many are even still trading about 10 years later? Only about 20% of the otc stocks I followed, if that.  Would you be comfortable trying to store your money in a penny stock? Because you’re right, that’s essentially what bitcoin is.  Specially when talking about volatility and risk.  And when I meant rate I meant the rate of volatility.  If we were to talk about losing value due to inflation and compare the USD to bitcoin as a store of value relative to inflation it would be very hard and take quite a long time to quantify and compare all the variables and bitcoin would still come out as the loser simply on the fact that it basically just redistributed money from the impatient buyers to the patient sellers (20k to 3k, 12k to 6.5k), in no way shape or form does that qualify as a store of value, ever.  
One thing is certain, that the USD has retained value over time better than any other currency and the 2% inflation target still applies to all other financial instruments so you can’t exactly say the USD losses 2% value every year without saying the same about bitcoin. Bitcoin then losses -2% yearly from inflation +\- x% anywhere in the 20,000 to 3,000 range (much of which is unrecoverable depending on your entry price and other financial instruments would EASILY keep you above inflation without exposure to even a fraction of the risk involved with bitcoin). 
The only time bitcoin would have retained value is if you bought at 3k or less.  Anything above that is exposed to the classic parabolic progression of a speculative bubble.  Happens all the time with crpytos and on the OTC markets (penny stocks) both of which are notorious for attracting the most naive of would-be investors.  
You’re still sticking with your counterfiet gold arguement? There is insurance for that for the large gold holding institutions. There are also chemical and spectrometry tests that easily detect when gold is not gold.  There has never been a case when an established gold exchange hasn’t been able to meet it obligations because of counterfieting.  And yea I didn’t exactly mean blockchain would replace the SWIFT system but rather that it would become an equally intergrated part of the banking system.  
And the way you talk about the current monetary system makes you sound like you are baised, misinformed, underinformed, with no concept of how it historically evolved as an emergent system or what emergence theory would even be, and on your first year of economics while watching way too many anti-capitalist far leftist youtube videos created by idiots  who also spew distorted perceptions that sound nice to those who don’t know any better but have a lot of unresolved resentment and very shallow perspectives of what are actually very deep subjects and mechanics.  I was there as a teenager but grew out of it very quickly once I kept educating myself and developed strong lateral reading skills.  I advice you do the same.
@_date: 2019-11-25 01:22:07
Here we see the proper indicators for bitcoin the great investment.  First the shitastics indicator, then the volume trash canometer, and finally the garbage dump.
@_date: 2019-11-25 02:59:50
For similar risk exposure you can profit magnitudes greater (beyond what bitcoin can yield) because of leverage capacity, liquidity and cyclical tendancies if you properly get into currency trading.  For example, shorting the EUR/USD pair using a combination of macroeconomic data, political-economic news, standard deviations of 2.5-3 using a few bollinger bands, smoothing trends through moving averages of 500, 200 and 50; on the weekly timeframe for long term trends and the m30 through m1 timeframes for the correct entry point. Ride the long trend, you can’t predict random walk systems, all markets are random walk systems with sporadic trends cyclingg in and out, the trick is to train yourself (so it becomes second nature) to know what is going on with any specific market with the best possible data and perspective possible.
@_date: 2019-11-25 02:19:50
You are in luck because it will not.  Ever.  So far i predicted the crash and the bounces. It will bounce like a ball, with smaller and smaller bounces each time as it finally hits the ground.
@_date: 2019-11-25 05:03:18
Heres a copy paste to my usual response to the bitcoin naive.  And no one has ever given data that says otherwise. Just speculative emotional ramblings. 
- Really what fundamentals? please enlighten me.  The data shows that most of bitcoin transactions are speculative churning and not from people actually using bitcoin to buy things, those business transactions are super low compared to price even if the range is wide they are still only a drop in the bucket compared to the speculative emotional transactions that are nothing more than people buying and selling bitcoin on the exchange.  So what you all are saying is that you believe bitcoin is going to skyrocket because transaction volume increases but what the idiot salesman on youtube forgot to tell you is that all that transaction volume growth is just exchange churning and not from more people buying things with bitcoin.  The NYSE now has futures for cryptos and bitcoin is still down. If it had any sort of fundamentals to support a higher value it would have rallied a bit at least, but it kept going down.   My best guess is that most bitcoin “investors” just see transaction volume up and think “hey more people are using it”, which is false, then they see marketing for bitcoin say that this and that company is going to accept bitcoin and they say “confirmed, im rich in the future”, false again.   I’ve enjoyed a lot of dinners on my bitcoin short sells, or should I say on all of the money you hard headed fanboys throw at me.  But hey at least I’m warning you people, and not being a sleazebag like the bitcoin salesmen.   
@_date: 2019-11-25 21:30:00
Theres all the evidence that it is a horrible store or value. In fact the volatility of bitcoin is one of the worst things about it. A currency that has gone from 20k down to 3k in the span of about a year is not in any shape or form a good store of value.  Instruments with that kind of rate of volatility are specifically speculative and never a store of value. I would have respected what you had to say if you didn’t start with something so outlandish that exposed how naive you are or how naive you want to keep people. 
You say the dollar has lost 99% of its value? Do you understand nothing about economics and just watch youtube videos?  It’s all about rate.  The dollar has been the world reserve currency for a reason and will continue to be so for centuries to come unless another world war changes that.   After WW2 the entire world agreed that the only suriving industrialized nation (because everyone else had blown up their infrastructure), the United States, would serve as the worlds reserve currency, the place where everyone can go to store the value or their work with losing it like they did during past wars and financial crisis.  The United States also had the responsibility for securing the worlds trade route/shipping lanes with its massive navy and military in order to stabalize prices and production globally.   That is the power behind the USD. And bitcoin is absolutely uncomparable to the USD, it isn’t even classifiable as a currency although it tries to name and market itself as one.   
And Gold can be counterfiet? Are you that insane? Chemistry much? It cannot be counterfieted. 
Blockchain technology on the other hand is great. However independant cryptos keep trying to sell themselves to naive people by making them think that because blockchain tech is up and coming that their crypto is special and a worthy investment.  
The reality is that anyone can create a crypto and it can be bought for speculative and emotions of granduer without any real basis. Creating the huge ranges in price and volatility that act as nothing more than the transfer of money from the unlucky naive to the lucky naive as the crypto market churns.   And each crypto that is introduced dilutes the value of all others. See: Financial history of the united states circa 1800-1900.  A prime example of how newly implemented methods of banking (fractional reserves in that case) go through centuries of cycles of hype, exploitation, overproduction, crash, restructuring, over and over again.  An error correction process on the CPU that is society.  Until a stable group of formulae is found. 
This is only the beginning of blockchain tech, and all cryptos are currently not specie, but no unlike the many many currencies printed by the state banks in the 1800-1900.  
The future of blockchain will unfold as follows.  Crashes in cryptos followed by government regulations, followed by banking integration of blockchain tech as we are seeing begin, eventually there will be a change from the SWIFT system to a blockchain oriented system with the USD, gbp, jpy, eur (if it still exists), etc... Not just any random unbacked chucky cheese coin.
@_date: 2019-11-25 04:49:24
I trade currency for a living.
@_date: 2019-11-25 02:48:00
Never bought bitcoin on the basis that it has no basis. I do love to bring out the popcorn for the bitcoin armchair investor drama haha.
@_date: 2019-09-25 18:47:04
Sorry but you are wrong. Value doesn’t just derive magically from scarcity.  There are many components to the driver of value.  Supply and demand not just supply etc.  Volatility drives capital flows specially when something must retain purchasing power.  For example, the dollar (usd)or most currencies hold value because most of its transactions are from businesses doing business with it.  The amount of speculative holding or short selling of the currencies in forex is tiny, a very very small %.  The opposite is true for cryptos, a huge portion is speculative churning in the exchange and a tiny portion is people using it for business.  Then theres the fact that new cryptos can just continue to be made which dilutes the value of the rest.
@_date: 2019-09-24 19:12:22
IF thats what you force yourself to beleive Then you will wake up in your own urine covered in potato chip crumbs with newspapers stuffed in between you and the floor you frequent as a homeless idiot who didn’t listen to evidence-based warnings. I told you bitcoin fanboys, when everyone said it was going past 20,000 again, and it was around 10,000-11,000, that it was going to back down to around 5-8k.  It went from 13k back down to 9.2k... now what? 100k lol? No, probably 5-8k. But 1k would not suprise me.
@_date: 2019-09-24 19:32:32
Really what fundamentals? please enlighten me.  The data shows that most of bitcoin transactions are speculative churning and not from people actually using bitcoin to buy things, those business transactions are super low even if they range wide they are still only a drop on the bucket compared to the transactions that are just people buying and selling bitcoin on the exchange.  So what you all are saying is that you believe bitcoin is going to skyrocket because transaction volume increases but what the idiot salesman on youtube forgot to tell you is that that all that transaction volume growth is just exchange churning and not from more people buying things with bitcoin.  The NYSE now has futures for cryptos and bitcoin is still down. If it had any sort of fundamentals to support a higher future value it would have rallied a bit at least, but it kept going down.   My best guess is that most bitcoin “investors” just see transaction volume up and think “hey more people are using it”, which is false, then they see marketing for bitcoin say that this and that company is going to accept bitcoin and they say “confirmed, im rich in the future”, false again.   I’ve enjoyed a lot of dinners on my bitcoin short sells, or should I say on all of the money you hard headed fanboys throw at me.  But hey at least I’m warning you people, and not being a sleazebag like the bitcoin salesmen.
@_date: 2019-09-24 18:20:48
What happened with all the big talk and delicious tears of never ending sorrow? From 13,000 down to 9,200, might reach some sort of real usage value + speculative future value equilibrium at idk 5-8k? Everyone downvoted me, they said it was going to skyrocket with baseless claims.  Have another tissue box.
@_date: 2019-05-08 11:00:58
Why don’t you go ahead and look up the data? Its there. Its not like its my opinion ; that post you stalked my account for. I pointed out public data trends for the commenter.  So thats a pretty bad example of being opinionated.  Try to be a little more careful about jumping to the opposing side of that which is shaking up your core axioms or you’ll keep embarassing yourself.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:52:29
Well I guess when you are to lazy to put in the time to study and therefore have no other hope for creating substantial wealth you tend to stick to delusions.  1m, 10m? Seriously? It’s almost not even going to be fun seeing you people cry more. Again.
@_date: 2019-05-08 11:12:02
What do you mean by market percentage? Volume? On balance volume? Advanced/decline measures? Money flow index?
@_date: 2019-05-07 18:48:28
Ok idiots. Please do not go dropping your lives savings or rent money into bitcoin thinking it will go to “100,000!” like some have said.  It will never reach 20,000 again, ever, and it has just bounced to 5,900 (6k) like I and many others have predicted it would bounce after the (also predicted) collapse. I mainly trade Forex and commodities but I have analyzed bitcoin after seeing so much wishful thinking while it was going up and then despair as it collapsed in these subs, and the sob stories that followed.  Fundamentally it can never become a “new currency”, the technology can become adopted, but never bitcoin actual.  In fact banks have started to buy into the tech, so I would say bitcoin will collapse back down to its marginal usage price level (the price that can be sustained due to usage) and leave its speculative inflated price behind forever. I’m not sure exactly what price the demand price would be, I’d say about 6-8k again.  But never 20,000.  Specially since more regulations and limitations will begin to be pushed by governments on bitcoin and other crypto usage, not less.  Burn this into your memory even if it makes you angry and you’ll thank me later.
Edit: oh nooo all the tears. Cry more.  I mean, more than you already did when your bitcoin delusion popped.  Same reaponses too, almost to the letter.  Yea I’m pretty hostile now, but when I started nicely warning you people all I got was the same hostility. Now I just rejoice in your tears as I told you so.  You people are the joke of all that is trading. Maybe listen for once and you won’t fill reddit with sob stories haha.
@_date: 2019-05-07 21:03:12
I’m not exposing my trade account to the emotionally unstable.  Just be patient and cautious.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:38:33
Add me.  When have they been wrong about bitcoin?  Its followed the classic parabolic move, and bounced just as expected from such a huge collapse.  It still isn’t even breaking 6k, and on balance volume is rather low right now so its still pretty much on the expected trend cycle down.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:13:40
No u. Lmao.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:25:48
The analysis can be applied relatively the same as far as volume, price, deviations and other trends; both fundamental and technical.  I’m definitely looking forward to enjoying your sob stories this year haha.  No one gives a single piece of careful analysis to refute, just emotions and tears, horrible way to trade an instrument if you ask me. Shows just how intellectually shallow the bitcoin crowd is. Hey, I have  tulips to sell you guys. Also a bridge, at a steal, you’ll be rich in no time trust me my friend told me so.  Lmao.