@_author: furyofvycanismajoris
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:58:57
BTC are my mother's initials.  Hope that makes you feel better about your investment!
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:17:33
The reaction to this is weird to me.
BTC grew by 15% last year, but still the price rose dramatically.  In the short term, cryptocurrencies are being driven around by increasing usage and speculation, not monetary inflation/deflation.  This is irrelevant in the short term.
In the long term, doge's monetary inflation trends toward 0%.  So in the long term it's irrelevant, too.
And in fact if doge becomes the de-facto tipping coin of the universe, it very well could remain deflationary -- no doubt many doge are lost every day.  Many or maybe all of the new coins will simply be replacing lost coins.
I suppose there is just a widely varying degree of how much people in this community are (conscously or not) trying to get in on the ground floor and get rich quick.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:59:42




This community has a very similar energy and attitude to the poker community from the early/mid 2000s.  And I think that makes sense, a lot of young people chasing big money on something their parents and peers don't understand, and that they don't *really* understand themselves, just better than everyone else.  Some very vocal people making tons of money, and a lot of less vocal people making less money chasing big money, or losing money, but all very excited about the whole thing.
When I see VOTE WITH YOU FEET, I am reminded of the awful poker sites that either had horrible bugs that let players cheat each other, or whose employees themselves cheated players.  The reaction I saw was that these sites continued to get lots of players, and not just casual players who hadn't been informed, but lots of professional players too.  
The lesson I've learned from this is that greed is a powerful enemy of reason, at least in that crowd, which at some level feels very similar to this crowd.  
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:08:27
The price is tanking to levels not heard of in almost two weeks!
@_date: 2014-01-20 18:05:02
Easy way to remember which one is inflation and which is deflation: Think about a balloon, the air particles inside are all of the money for a given currency.  Inflation is the word you use for adding air particles, or by analogy printing money.  Deflation happens when air particles escape, or when money is destroyed.  
Bitcoin currently has inflation in the form of mining and deflation in the form of lost coins.  When it hits 21 million it will only have deflation.
@_date: 2014-01-21 03:30:21
Agreed.  My post as a mneumonic to use to remember which is which.  It wasn't a definition.
@_date: 2014-02-03 11:55:23
What's with downvoting it, declaring it wrong with no explanation, and not responding to a request for your explanation?
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:10:09


That makes them excellent opportunities if you can figure out how to cater to them in a way that nobody else has yet.


You compete with free in those markets the same way as in any other market, convenience and quality.  The problem is, convenience and quality mean different things in different markets.  In a market where bank accounts aren't the norm, a service requiring a bank account isn't at all convenient.  So it would make sense that there is a lot of piracy in those markets compared to markets where a bank account is the norm.
A similar thing can be seen in video games, where companies don't bother localizing their games because some region is dominated by piracy.  But then if they do localize their games they find a lot of the piracy goes away, and a lot of new customers come in who had never pirated anything to begin with.
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:42:20
Feel free to explain.
@_date: 2013-12-29 16:57:05


Technically that's what's going on here but the reality is worse: this subreddit will find ways to invalidate any argument that puts bitcoin in a bad light.  If Krugman hadn't authored the OP's quote then some other nonsense that doesn't address the actual argument but makes people feel better about their choice to hold BTC would be upvoted.
I personally believe BTC is the most incredible invention I've witnessed and will change the world dramatically for the better (but it may be a bumpy ride.). But this subreddit's intolerance for opinion that does not follow the party line depresses me.
@_date: 2013-10-13 23:51:35


I believe we've miscommunicated. I agree with you regarding your examples.  Corporations and merchants are absolutely subject to the Streisand Effect if they try to oppress the population when the population can rebel with relative safety using the internet.  My point was that when merchants/corporations are oppressed they have not been observed to react in the same way.  They do lobby, advertise, and with SOPA they did leverage the internet to raise awareness.  But if using BTC is made illegal in a country, the number of merchants accepting BTC will not rise, it will drop drastically. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:52:32


I am not an economist either.  The reason I say it doesn't act as a currency is because almost nothing is priced in BTC, items are instead priced in USD and if you pay with BTC the cost in BTC is calculated at the time of the transaction.  
Additionally, most vendors who allow you to purchase using BTC do not hold the BTC to pay for their operating costs, they immediately turn it into USD.
Volatility is a contributing factor to both points.  Also note that both points are true for *some* vendors with any currency, the issue is that it is true for almost all vendors that allow you to pay with BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:31:42
No aggressive tone imagined, I hope you don't read mine that way either :)
I suppose I didn't consider (and don't understand) the theory that the family would consider the money 100% lost if he could recover 20% of it (or whatever the percentages maybe).  If that's the case I can understand your advice.  I can't really imagine that viewpoint, though.  
If I had put 500k in and could recover 100k (or 250k or 50k or whatever the percentage may be) that would be a different thing to my family than if I could recover 0.  
I would be coming to my family saying "I'm sorry, I got greedy, I got emotional, I got swept up in all of this incredible hype, and I made a bad decision to put all of our money, which we couldn't really stand to lose, into a basket I didn't truly understand and didn't know how to value."  I'd expect that message to hold a lot more weight if I could follow it up with "when I realized I hadn't been thinking clearly I salvaged what I could" rather than following it up with "and instead of salvaging what's left I'm going to keep everything in that basket I don't understand in the hopes that it comes back."
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:55:24
Most of your post is great.  This part seems insane to me:


You are talking to someone that is worried about his marriage because he put his life savings on the blackjack table and has lost 80% of his chips.  And your advice is: You only have 20% left, keep gambling.
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:44:11
The marketing that goes on in this subreddit feels very scummy.  The reason people call it a ponzi scheme is because there are all these people who bought BTC and are now trying to get other people to buy BTC at higher prices with the promise that they will get rich.
I don't mean to accuse anyone of immoral behavior, this may just be an emergent behavior that comes with a lot of people putting money into a very volatile market and getting very excited about it.  This could happen without anyone intending to swindle anyone else.
Another source of distrust of the marketing of bitcoin is the fact that it isn't really ready for widespread adoption.  It's not that easy to use, and it's very difficult to use safely, for most people.  And it's going to take some time for people to really understand it.  We can't get to widespread adoption without trying and fixing the issues that arise, of course.  So it makes sense to continue trying.  But it adds to the distrust of marketing BTC since it's so hard to distinguish between someone that legitimately understands and believes in the technology vs someone with naive excitement vs someone with ill intentions. (I expect you are in the second camp given you posted that you don't know what "cryptographic" means, unless that post was a joke.)
So postalrat's sarcasm may simply come from a distrust of the marketing of bitcoin that goes on with this subreddit.
I would advocate toward marketing without being deceitful.  If you think digital has a better connotation than virtual, that's fine with me.  It isn't deceitful to call it digital instead of calling it virtual and it may give people are slightly more accurate impression of what it is and make them a little bit more interested to research it further.
One last note, I object calling it a digital currency since it doesn't function as a currency at the moment.  I also think a more important property is that it's a payment system, which isn't called out at all if you call it a digital currency.
@_date: 2013-10-13 20:19:48
I will grant you publicity/curiosity.
I'm not convinced it would be hard for a country to enforce.  If a country makes it illegal then merchants in that country or that wish to do business in that country will not accept BTC, effectively limiting BTC to black markets within that country.  The Streisand-Effect also does not apply to merchants.  
You are probably right that most countries could not enforce or censor it at the individual level, but they can do so at the merchant level, which is good enough.
And while I think my points are true for any country, I think they are especially true for China.  China may even have a shot at censoring and enforcing at the individual level if they really wanted to.
@_date: 2013-09-26 04:56:59
Is that because you think he meant dollars, not users?
@_date: 2013-10-13 17:34:42
Why?