@_author: fussyhands
@_date: 2014-02-01 12:26:35
FYI, I just withdrew 10 BTC and it showed up on Coinbase before I could even switch tabs.  I don't know what percentage of other people are getting their transactions processed instantly, but I do know it just happened for me.  
@_date: 2014-02-02 14:16:22
Neither have I. Withdrew 10 btc instantly yesterday. It seems like there is an effort to whip up panic underway...
@_date: 2014-02-02 11:51:38
After seeing a similar post yesterday I immediately withdrew 10 BTC and they showed up *instantly* in my coinbase account.  No idea what is going on but that is one point of data.  
@_date: 2011-06-15 23:17:11
@_date: 2011-06-16 01:05:36
You might be interested in: 
Of course I just bought a house so it would suck for lvt to be implemented now, but before I was a property owner I was very supportive of the idea.
@_date: 2011-09-06 21:15:59
This is a real issue, and I haven't seen any clear response yet.  If you find one please post it.  I think your point is best summed up, and easily understood, with "whatever the incentives are for a normal person to mine, a crook will have the added incentive of eventual double spends."
There may be a clever solution to this problem that the community can come up with.
But, it also may never happen.  If the size of the legitimate Bitcoin mining community rises fast enough, it might be difficult for a criminal organization to finance such a large expenditure (and there might be some risk to being caught running such a large criminal server farm?), even if it would be profitable once implemented.
Also, it might never be profitable.  Once they start putting double spends through, confidence in Bitcoin will plummet driving the exchange rate down.  As the exchange rate falls the value of the mining profits (rewards plus tx fees) also drops rapidly.  Eventually they cannot make the return on their mining hardware that they were expecting.  It takes time to break even after the investment in mining hardware (and you must always be re-investing to stay competitive as faster and faster graphics cards come out).  So they would need to make a lot of money in double spends quickly enough that it makes it worth spoiling their investment in mining hardware.  Otherwise they will be stuck with a giant pile of useless graphics cards for which they are still paying off.
So the logistics may make this kind of attack so risky and unattractive that nobody ever tries it (at current mining difficult it would be very expensive to try).
Nevertheless it seems troubling for the currency that its integrity depends on such a subtle cost calculation.  And what happens if a very wealthy entity stands to gain by destroying Bitcoin, and it was willing to take a loss to do it?
@_date: 2011-06-14 00:16:05
You're dreaming if you think there aren't 1000 ways to keep taxing even if Bitcoin takes over.  It would change things for sure, but it won't destroy the government by any means (which is a good thing).
@_date: 2011-09-07 12:51:26
Its unclear if there is any amount of regular double spending that wouldn't kill the ecosystem.  Maybe a few isolated double spends wouldn't shake people's confidence, but if double spending becomes a regular part of the network I can imagine that people would look for alternatives rather than risk their money disappearing.  At that point, it's just a question of how essential Bitcoin has become for certain purposes.
@_date: 2011-09-07 12:36:40
I don't think that is quite right.  Why will it be more profitable to a crook to attack the network when the price of BTC is high?  When the price is high that means lots of people are investing in hardware and obtaining a majority of computing power is more expensive to the crook.  But that doesn't mean that the crook's special profits (the double spends) are any greater.  
(Simplistically) No matter what the price of Bitcoins, the profit rate for an all honest miner network should be roughly the economy wide profit rate.  If too many miners are mining the low profit rate should cause miners to leave, and if not enough are mining, the high profit rate should cause more to mine.  So the base profit should not be a function of price of BTC.  The crook also gets his double spend profits on top of his base profits, but his double spend profits also are not a function of BTC.  (They are a function of the number and amount of BTC he can double spend, and most of the transactions he will be making--at least in the current BTC economy--will be set in dollars and translated into BTC for payment only.  Thus double spend profits in the current BTC economy, where prices are always pegged to the dollar, are completely independent of BTC price.)
Thus profits should be relatively independent of the price of BTC, but capital costs to build the double spend network are directly related to the price of BTC because they are predominantly made up of BTC rewards for block creation.  Thus a high BTC price means that capital costs will be high for the attacker.
[The current model for funding mining through transaction fees after the rewards taper off is in my opinion broken.  It will likely lead to a race to the bottom for transaction fees.  Thus I'm guessing that the model will be changed somewhat by the time that time comes around (i.e. mandatory transaction fee, or a change (for instance to the total number of transactions in a block) that amounts to something similar.)).
@_date: 2011-06-15 23:16:09
as the other posters pointed out, sales tax is collected on cash transactions, so the same principles would work with bitcoin transactions.
Furthermore, most of the stuff that is important to you still exists in the real world.  The government can tax your car, your house, all your land, your electricity, your gasoline, pollution, natural resource consumption, etc., etc..  These things are easily verifiable.
In other words the *worst* bitcoin could do is force the government to shift its tax base towards activities and objects that are easy to see.  The government can collect just as much total taxes that way, just differently.
@_date: 2011-06-15 22:59:20
you can take a page out of the bitcoin book.  To see what the next card will be, break the hashspace up into as many slots as there are remaining cards to deal.  Then hash some representation of the current game, which would include the cards dealt, the bets made, etc.  Then compare the hash of the current game with the division of the hash space that you made, and you have your next card.  The next card will be random AND every poker client using the same procedure should be able to verify that the next card was calculated correctly.  To get the initial seed to start the game, every poker client can contribute a random (or not random, if they wish) string, all of which are concatenated, and hashed.  The result will be effectively random.
I guess that won't work.  Because then everybody would know everybody else's cards!  Hmmm...
Each client could offer the other clients an encrypted secret.  When unencrypted the secret would read something like &lt;secret&gt;aj;lk3w6980as90k&lt;/secret&gt;.  They would use this secret along with a game wide initial seed to generate their next card.  At the end of the game, each client would offer their decryption key so that the other clients could verify that they had dealt themselves the correct hand.
But the problem with that is that nobody knows which cards have been dealt already.  No way for the other clients to avoid dealing a card you have already dealt without revealing that you've dealt the card.  Therefore this would only work with an infinite deck.  I think some games of poker are played like that anyway at casinos aren't they?  With like 10 decks stacked together?
@_date: 2013-05-17 16:56:53
I hope these morons don't ruin bitcoin by convincing﻿ people to keep the blocksize small. What better way to make sure that bitcoin remains a tiny and irrelevant transactional medium... Bitcoin only becomes valuable (and justifies it's current speculative valuation) when more people start accepting it. The value of the network is proportional the the number of nodes. Making sure there are only 7 transactions a second will go along way towards discouraging people from adopting it. Dumb, dumb, dumb.
