@_author: future_of_bitcoin
@_date: 2015-03-15 02:59:05
10 Watt ASICs dont have a heat problem.  Lifespan is no concern when the ASIC's are already on 14nm nodes and cost of power is $0.  10 Watts * 10 Million devices = 100 Million watts of free power.  Lots of small numbers can add up to big numbes.  We learn something new every day!!
@_date: 2015-03-15 02:44:51
This is correct.  It's (allegedly) in their investor deck, which is floating around because it (or the contents) have been leaked. 
They're starting with Wifi Routers, which makes sense because they're (virtually) guaranteed to be connected to the internet.  If it's only using 10 Watts to mine, it's negligable for end user consumers and the additional electricity per month will be a rounding error.  21Inc now puts all mining farms out of business, because they have 0 electric cost (bye bye Bitfury, Spondoolies, KnC (scam artists)).  21Inc's wifi routers will cost less then the competition because 21Inc will subsidize it with the profit they'll earn on mining.  Except that 21 Inc won't sell routers, they'll sell a chip made by qualcomm to router manufacturers, and cut them in on the revenue from mining.  End user can be paid a cut too, everyone is happy.  
Consumers are too stupid to realize they're paying more in electricity then recieveing in discount or mining revenue.  That's why we have consumer protection laws in the first place.  It will be a long time before governments mandate a "THIS DEVICE MINES CRYPTOCURRENCIES AND USES X WATTS ADDITIONAL POWER" warning labels on future electronics, and in the meantime Marc and Balaji can make fuck load of money.  (Man, I love capitalism. God Bless America.)
But why stop at Wifi Routers?  Let's just do everything already connected to the internet and plugged into a power source.  All new TV's, check.  Netflix devices (Blu Ray players, Stand alone, check.)  Apple TV, check.  Google Chrome, Check.  Gaming Consoles.  Buying a new Dishwasher or Fridge that orders food and detergent for you? Check.  How about your cheap IoT alarm clock from china? Check.    Oh, you have NEST?  CHECK CHECK CHECK.  Your lightbulbs are Smart lightbulbs?  CHECK AGAIN.   Oh, every electronic consumer product will be an IoT device in the next 10 years?  Checkity Check Check.
So the next question is how many ASICs can they roll out and how much hashpower will they have?  Lets say each device uses 10W (can't go too high or consumers will rage).  They'll need 10 Million devices to reach 50% of the network since we're currently at around 200 Megawatts but they'll be on 14nm so they'll only use 0.2W per Gh. (maybe less?)  
Way more then 10 Million Internet-connected devices are sold every year.  Marc and Balaji are connected as fuck in Silicon Valley and can cut deals over a morning coffee.  It will be a walk in the park as long as they're not greedy and cut manufactuers a nice 33% revenue share or so.
Now, the next question is, (and this is where it becomes important for everyone to pay close attention) *how can any other mining company compete with a mining firm that has $0 electricity costs*?  Oh. That's right. They can't.  They go out of business.  As in closed. Bankrupt.  Who's left standing?  21Inc.  Our new block-processing, 100% network-share overlords.   Who's the largest investor at 21 Inc?  Marc Andreesen.  What's Marc Andreesens take on constitutional rights to privacy?  I don't know, and I will stop here.  But I will say that any single entity controlling more then 50% of the hashpower is not good for Bitcoin. And if 21Inc's plan is successful, they'll certainly be over 50%.
It seems very short sighted for them to do this if they truly care in Bitcoin's future value.  Marc and Balaji, don't you guys understand game theory?  The value of the Bitcoins you mine will be worthless if it's no longer a decentralized system.  Do you not realize that the reddit community and Bitcointalk forums are formidable force and likely the most influential part of Bitcoin governence?
It's quite clear why 21 has been so stealth about it for nearly 2 years.  Do you think they'd actually annouce their plans publically?  "Oh, hey guys, yeah, our business model results in us controlling the Bitcoin network. Oops'
So, what can be done?  
1. Change the Proof-Of-Work to kill off the ASIC threat once and for all. If it's changed once, it becomes a powerful signal to the market that it could be changed again, rendering ASIC investment way too high risk.   Ethereum's Dagger-Hashimoto/Ethash model is decent PoW and certainly would be too expensive to roll out in Routers and IoT devices. 
2. Switch to a Proof-of-Stake system.  Wates $0 in electricity, is environmentally friendly, and blocks are mined directly in proportion to the holdings of the community as a whole.  We can all vote with our Bitcoin on all future updates and what we want to include in blocks rather than leaving it up to a centralized mining entity.
Want to make your voice heard about this serious concern and potential threat to Bitcoin?  The following people are the core maintainers of Bitcoin on github.  Contact them and make your voice heard.
Wladimir J. van der Laan  laanwj  Gavin Andresen gavinandresen Jeff Garzik jgarzik  Gregory Maxwell greg Pieter Wuille  pieter.wuille
(Note that Greg and Pieter are in a horrible conflict of interest on this issue. They raised millions of dollars to found Blockstream, which is reliant on existing miners to merge-mine their side-chains.  Without a large hashrate, Bitcoins pegged to the sidechain can be stolen in a 51% attack. So, its only in their interest that they can go over to Marc once he has 100% control and say 'Here's a few million, please keep mining our sidechains'. They'll certainly be doing whatever they can to "convince" current mining farms to mine their sidechains when they launch. There are only a handful of large miners they need to approach, so having centralized hashing is easier for Greg and Peter to "convince" a hanful of people to mine their sidechains (i.e. with money/revenue share/etc) then have to convince the entire community.)
3. Contact the Bitcoin Foundation board of Directors: 
4. Make your voice heard on Reddit and the Forums that you are concerned about ASIC PoW leading to a centralized network.  
What I think will happen: Despite my warnings (and those from others), people will continue to hand-wave away the ASIC threat.  The ASIC miners will certainly lobby, and may try to pay off the core maintainers to keep SHA256 (well, Greg and Pieter are already conlifcted... so its just one of Gavin, Wladimir, or Jeff for a 3of5 majority they need to pay off.  Not hard)  Money talks, and monopolies can pay off the right people.   Bitcoin will become a centralized system and competitors like Ethereum will quietly grow under the radar until a tipping point where Bitcoin Maximalists finally realise that they shot themeslves in the foot by remaning silent on the issue.  By then a competiting and truly decenrtalized network will have grown right from under their noses.  I've never really been concerned for Bitcoins future until now, and I've been skeptical of Ethereum in the past, but now I'm glad Vitalik is around for some healthy competition... we certainly need it considering the amount of Money flowing into this space. And we all know that wherever there is a lot of money, corruption always follows.
@_date: 2015-03-15 08:52:18
Clearly you have no idea what you're talking about.


Would you like to back this statement up with any logic? Or just your subjective opinion?
A decentralized consensus mechanism is the very things that makes bitcoin bitcoin.  If that mechanism is no longer decentralized, it needs to be fixed.
I'd rather have an ASIC-resistant PoW, and there is much work that needs to be done on PoS.  However, there is no difference between PoW and PoS as long as the acheive the same goal securly and efficiently - decentralized consensus.   That is what makes bitcoin bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-15 08:57:22
If I were 21 Inc, I'd be paying people to say exactly that. "Dont change the PoW!! its what makes bitcoin bitcoin!! And it would totally ruin our business model of owning 100% of the network!!" 