@_author: fux50c137y
@_date: 2019-04-14 20:56:47
First of all, mate, what kind of wallet are you using? it sounds like a third party online wallet which owns all your keys...that's a bad security practice. Secondly they don't need to do anything special or complex to spend funds, they have just your private keys linked to your addresses and when you want to move funds from one or more addresses they just unlock your wallet with the wallet's password and move coins; whoever has the wallet seed or password can manage all your keys and addresses. The actual usage of private/public keys and what happens under the hood is transparent to you or the wallet provider...the wallet's software takes care of it
@_date: 2019-04-17 12:59:11
I don't know what's your "processing fee" about, but I suppose it's a fee strictly requested by your app...so you can try to buy from another service. Bitcoin transaction fees can't be actually avoided, but you can choose how much to pay depending on how fast you need your transaction gets confirmed by the miners. Higher fees higher speed, but there are services that don't ask you a lot of extra fees..or at least in a small percentage compared to the amount you want to buy. Of course buying bitcoin in a really small amount isn't that convenient, but you can give it a try
@_date: 2019-04-14 01:16:57
No, be careful bitcoin is not fully anonymous and untraceable at the current state; you can use some expedient to try to make it more anonymous, but overall it isn't untraceable at the moment. Furthermore, apart from bitcoin, your computer itself is not anonymous at all unless you take some precautions, but these are a bit advanced arguments
@_date: 2019-04-14 00:37:56
What you need is an hardware wallet (ledger nano s recommended) or a cold wallet on an always offline device (e.g. electrum in "cold wallet mode") or even a paper wallet (less practical). I also suggest to separate and distribute your funds into different hardware wallets / cold wallets to increase security.
If you lose your hardware wallet nothing happens as long as you wrote down your wallet seed previously, because you can always restore the wallet with those words. 
Hardware wallets come with their own softwares, you don't need to be a coder.
Your coins aren't actually stored on the hardware wallet obviously, on the wallet you only have your private and public keys which you can manage your funds with.
For withdrawals and deposits you just need to send your coins from/to an address of your wallet as usual; one pro of hardware wallets is that you must have physical access to them to actually withdraw/move funds.
It doesn't exist a recovery service in case something went wrong that I know or trust...you are responsible for your own funds and nothing bad can happen as long as you use your hd/cold wallets properly and distribute your funds into different wallets
@_date: 2019-04-13 03:27:45
If you are not from the u.s.a. take a look at wirex; it's a payment platform (not a proper exchange) that allows you to buy btc and other cryptos with a credit card and transfer them out straight away after an easy and fast kyc verification (mandatory for every service changing fiat/crypto by now)
@_date: 2019-04-14 20:34:39
A wallet is just a "container" for private and public keys (and addresses); your funds are accessible/viewable by anyone knows your addresses (the blockchain is always public), but the private keys or your wallet's password are needed to move/spend funds from your addresses. You can spend more bitcoins than the amount in a single address, because the wallet manages all the addresses and (to keep it simple) it can sum funds from multiple addresses
@_date: 2019-04-14 21:07:24
The fact that your address changes every transaction doesn't matter, you need private keys to control addresses and a password or seed of your wallet to control all private keys. The master key is used to control (view/import) public keys or addresses; the master private key is used to control (view/import) private keys