@_author: fuznuts
@_date: 2014-09-22 06:40:55
All Crypto risks something in economic terms.  It all depends on the vantage point we choose to take.  Where one person thinks that digging holes needlessly strengthens the economy another feels that saving that money and putting it into real life R&amp;D will produce more profits over the long term...so it really is a hard pill to swallow.  
*now i'm stalking you :P*
@_date: 2014-07-29 11:17:13
The bitshares toolkit can be used to easily create DACs that honor ANY coin that is cloned from bitcoin, so in a way it actually is ON topic.
For example, Curecoin creates their own exchange (CureX) and share-drops PTS/AGS holders (as per the license agreement, with 10%/10%), and then snapshots the rest of the CureX shares with the current distribution of Curecoin.  The dev's announce that they are going to work on creating new DACs in the future and will sharedrop 10% of the total supply onto Curcoin holders and 10% to CureX holders.  The value of Curecoin and CureX rises significantly upon this announcement in anticipation for the ability to hold a future stake in these DACs (I mean, what if one cures cancer?!!!) simply by being a loyal holder (not pumper/dumper) of the original Curecoin and its newest exchange coin.  
Curecoin's community can then vote for delegates that use a portion of their tx fees to fund the creation of DACs that focus on providing value in the space that Curecoin initially wished to grow (medical research?).  Now they hold a delegate conference (for free), using the Beyond Bitcoin Mumble, and journalists attend (and record) free of charge.  The delegates trying to gain votes from the CureX shareholders begin their own page on BeyondBitcoinX.net and content creators, shareholders and team members post project updates and delegate recommendation links to this page.  DACs that are born in the Curecoin ecosystem can then create their own subpage under the BeyondBitcoinx.net/Curecoin page (for instance: BeyondBitcoinX.net/Curecoin/CureDAC).  All the DACs created are listed on the CureX exchange and are sharedropped on Curecoin holders and announcements are listed on the running thread, giving users an incentive to frequently check for sharedrop "snapshot" announcements and the increase in user traffic causes more developers to take notice and want to add more value to the ecosystem, which inevitably creates more delegates to fund further projects...
This establishes a strong value base for the Curecoin ecosystem...and CureX actually serves as another decentralized bank and exchange that offers TITAN and DPOS, so it also reinforces the strength of the bitshares ecosystem with every coin that adds onto it in this fashion.  
NXT (though I highly respect them) can't do this.  Ethereum would rather gobble up all the altcoins or force them to live ON TOP of their chain as trinkets...but Bitshares wants other coins to HELP them build an entire value-rich ecosystem.  
I am not sure if this was Dan's intention from the very beginning.  But if it was, he deserves to be written up next to satoshi nakamoto for building a complimentary toolkit that fixes what satoshi even said bitcoin lacked.  I mean, imagine a world where an altcoin will be considered a scam if they do not have their own decentralized exchanges, DACs and reputable business model.  Pump and Dump Devs would be forced to create actual value and unsophisticated investors would have a means of identifying coins with long-term investment value...just imagine the beautiful consequences... 
@_date: 2014-09-16 05:25:54
God usrn...it is getting to the point where I don't want to read what you have to say.  
Come on man...chill
@_date: 2014-04-20 14:59:39
Anyone who talks like this doesnt understand development. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 06:34:35
This is so interesting.  And seemingly ass backwards from what I thought bitcoin was supposed to originally be about.  I love bitshares because it intentionally was built to work as a bridge to bring value to both Bitcoin and altcoin ecosystems by fixing the inherent flaws that are there.  
It really kind of blows my mind that people would take offense to a post that shows how we can fix the problems bitcoin currently has (and admits needs fixing).  I will keep your thoughts in mind...but will likely remain bewildered as to the social psychology that prevails these days in bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:20:12
Then you should look into bitshares DACs and how they are *all* going to revolutionize their own specific industries in similar ways... ;)
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:16:52
From what I understand.  Definitely.
@_date: 2014-08-03 07:55:39
The intent is not to hijack.  It is to educate, which is exactly what open source tech is about, am I missing something to the etiquette of bitcoin reddit in general?  Still kind of new to reddit :P  
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:32:55
It certainly is complicated for general Bitcoin users to understand.  I promise if you study you will realize it is far more than what you are thinking.  
Bitshare's toolkit essentially gives every altcoin with legitimate devs the ability to build infrastructure for their coins...and even better, honor those who have loyally held their coins.  
If anything, bitshares existence is exactly the opposite of what you are saying--it gives the incentive for Devs to create actual value instead of Hype. 
EDIT:  Notice also that the only people complaining about bitshares are primarily those who currently have "stake" in mining equipment.  
@_date: 2014-09-19 11:40:22
100% agreed.  Pose these questions in bitshares' forum.  Why anyone would post this without reading upon the tech at all is beyond me... :/
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:19:32
You might also be interested in BitShares Play (a Gaming DAC that will likely work similarly).  
You can get in on the snapshot when it is going to come out by purchasing PTS.  
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:59:02
The *only* reason to use POW is if it is used for projects like Gridcoin.  In Bitcoin, it is completely wasteful and worthless imho.  
However:  Finding alien life? Protein folding? Supercomputing?  This is valuable..
@_date: 2014-08-13 06:42:59
Bitcoin, like with any system, has people who feel like they are on the "inside" and those who feel themselves "outsiders".  
The funny thing I have noticed on bitshares' forums/subreddit is that they do not take down posts that try to bring up useful services...
Bitcoin saddens me lately because of this.  This is also why I diversified into many other "altcoins", some of which will someday benefit greatly from the Bitcoin community's unwillingness to change and the bitshare's dev teams ability to provide toolkits to breath life into native DACs, thus driving value and encouraging long-term holding, thus giving them the potential to displace bitcoin.   
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:56:28
there is no problem with this.  early investors in bitcoin gained more than those who invested later.  
when market pressures were enough....some of those big players divested.  This means less power for them.  Over time, this will prove to be true.  
However, if this gets too bad, one of the many altcoins who will be smart enough to build innovative btsx clones (kind of like btc's altcoins) and other DACs for their chains...and rise to compete with btsx.  Trust me, I am as against corruption as any...but we have to be careful with throwing around the word ponzi.  
@_date: 2014-02-05 15:36:30
Agreed 100% moral_agent.  there are MANY out there who only want to steal your value and replace it with a bucket of shit.  Make sure you at least sniff the pale before you make the exchange.  
However, I have been part of Invictus Community since launch and minus a few natural bumps along the way, every change Invictus has made has given early adopters and founders the ability to maximize their value proposition by offering a range of possible ways to invest.  
@_date: 2014-09-16 05:16:12
By all means, if you are not ready to invest in Google and prefer AltaVista, it is your choice!  Why would we be angry or upset with this?  
Crypto is trying to change the world, though...so it is important for all of use to recognize that all of crypto is on the side of humanity (or should be).  The only us vs. them is that wherein a single crypto that doesn't have the betterment of the human condition as its motivation.  
As for "Suck the wealth out of everything" comment, I can tell you with 100% certainty that Dan Larimer is not wanting bitshares to be the crypto to rule them all.  In fact what you say couldn't be further from the truth.  
*DPOS, TITAN and the numerous other brilliant innovations the Invictus Team has brought to the table are openly given to all developers to use as they wish.  They can build real, valuable infrastructure for their coins...enabling them to become as strong as bitcoin.  How is this a bad thing?*
How does this centralize control?  Answer...it doesn't.  
@_date: 2014-09-16 05:25:45
wow...on point man.
@_date: 2014-09-22 06:45:24
There is a time to buy and sell for all coins.  This includes bitcoin (a few weeks ago would have been a good idea, it seems).  
The thing is that btsx is not just going to be strong because of its main chain, but that all fiat currencies (and other assets) will be easily usable on all bitshares-based DACs.  
Oh, and don't get me wrong...I will sell SOME of my btsx when the time comes...but definitely not more than half.
@_date: 2014-09-22 06:38:40
No worries.  Still have a hard time seeing any of the flaws in bitcoin that I pointed out as being features though.  
And please don't get me wrong...bitcoin was great.  I will always be thankful for what it brought us.  But I will always be more grateful for what comes next.  :)
@_date: 2014-03-04 07:09:39
The community deserves to know about these things and SHOULD question it.  To do anything else is naive and you should EXPECT to be grilled over the obviously questionable choices you and the team are making.  I used to remember Bitcoin being considered the beginning of a new paradigm wherein the downtrodden could escape from the corruption of the extremely powerful.  If these guys had been intelligent, they would have pushed any Banking Cartel Terrorists, low level or high, current or "ex" as FAR away as possible.  Instead, they lay in bed with them and act like it deserves no consideration.   
Fund-raising IS a bitch...especially when all you are selling is fairy dust and Goldman Sachs "low-level" "ex" employees as "advisors".  Then having a spokesman turning around and saying they used to run Ron Paul campaigns...  These are legitimate questions and not intended to put others down, but if ANY other coin had ties with fucking Banking Cartel members, I would be similarly dissatisfied.  
Am I 100% certain this is an attempt to co-opt this tech?  No...but I am 100% certain we should, as a community, give ALL crypto Dev's trying to sell "one blockchain to rule them all" with Banking Cartel members as advisors a second, third and fourth look.  
No hate here...just Genuine concern.  I would hate to see the good people of Bitcoin unintentionally build all of humanity a Decentralized, Autonomous Economic Prison.    
@_date: 2014-04-16 06:20:07
I do know that Bytemaster is in the Beyond Bitcoin Mumble Server for Q&amp;A with anyone from 7PM - 8PM EST, Tuesdays/Thursdays, if you are interested in chatting with him in person about literally anything.  
In fact he has made it known he wants to hear from people with alternative opinions and constructive criticism.  There is even a means of recording conversations when logged in so you could ask these questions, record them, and post them.  
As a side-note, I would love if people who do this would try to drop by the BeyondBitcoinShow subreddit to post their captures there in addition to any other place where they may post, so we can get a series available for anyone interested.     
To access the server:
Label:  BeyondBitcoin
Address: vx31.commandchannel.com
Port: 2077
Username: "Your Forum Handle Here"
Password: w0rldCh
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:46:44
first off...wonderful name.  I like it.  
Secondly...don't think for one second that the human element is not alive and well in bitcoin.  If not, why are you here?  
In essence the only thing Bitshares Lead Dev, Dan Larimer, has said...is that it is better to engineer the system to scale in a way where users are able to take power AT ANY MOMENT away from corrupt actors.  Thus Delegates...if you dont want that power, please stay with bitcoin!  Why?
Because in Bitcoin, this is impossible... it doesn't matter what you, I or any other holders think.   As a shareholder (bitcoins are shares in the bitcoin blockchain) you have no power...unless you can outhash these corrupt actors.  Good luck with that when this scales.  
Instead, Bitshares enables every altcoin to build their own exchange...and service infrastructure. 
Let us never forget we are building systems to protect the human element from any corrupt actors--be they human or engineered.  We can only move forward when we are able to see our past mistakes.  I seriously suggest people *really* read up on bitshares.  
@_date: 2014-02-05 15:17:58
I am not as familiar with NXT as I was with Colored Coins, Mastercoin, PeerShares and BitShares, so I will refrain from judgment on that.  
However, Mastercoin's founder is a legitimate and seems pretty ethical.  PeerShares and BitShares appear to also be legitimate operations...
I am personally very skeptical of Ethereum as I do not huff ether and they seem just a little bit like some big money is trying to gain control over the "beast" that is Bitcoin..  
Many will laugh, but those same people will tend to also agree that corruption happens in the traditional sector and that the BlockChain represents an existential threat to those with vast control over the old paradigm will try to spend their way into competition with legitimate crypto.  We should realize that conspiracies are part of everyday life on both large and small scales.  
With that said, I think all of the above are going to give people solid returns over time, but if you are investing in cryptos because you believe in the honesty of the system...stay away from Ethereum and split your investment between BTS, PPS, and MC.
Out of all of them, however, BTS and MC creators are the only ones with a good bit of headway.
Wish I knew enough about NXT to give you an assessment on them..
@_date: 2014-09-16 05:23:49
Every cryptocurrency tells potential investors how they are different (or the same) as bitcoin depending on how they feel it is best to market their product.  
Bitshares on the whole, however, is far more advanced than bitcoin.  If you disagree, tell me how 10 minute blocktimes are still acceptable.  Everything said about bitcoin is true...and I hold it only because I know the cult members will hold it and force us to use it as the reserve for some time to come.  Those whales are big enough to keep mining in the grand scheme of things and ...lets face it...the old world order wants their new world order to be controllable.  Mining centralizes control on chip manufacturers.  
While people debate the peg (which can easily just be moderated indefinitely by keeping the feeds--ie training wheels on the exchange indefinitely), we should be asking bitcoin miners how they like the fact that their ASICs are used to earn bitcoin as the producers "test" their product before shipping.  Too much here man.  
Please don't take this the wrong way, but bitcoin will stay around a long time, so its best for you to chill out about other extremely innovative projects.  
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:53:02
Actually quite interesting you say that.  Beyond Bitcoin X is working on getting delegates up and running.  Putting them on our slate and interviewing them so users can know a little more about those upon whom they vote.  
One of the big questions we are asking is "what value do you plan to add to the ecosystem with your transaction fees?"  Many delegates are helping fund infrastructure-building projects..
@_date: 2014-08-03 07:18:49
Enjoy the slow transaction times and a platform that was launched too fast without consideration for how it would scale.
@_date: 2014-04-20 15:52:51
I like all POS types of coins, but DPOS is the next step into true decentralized systems based on free markets.  Bitcoin is NOT decentralized and will not be over time because mining in and of itself is centralizing.  Anyone who disagrees with this either has connections to ASIC manufacturers or has a huge stake in Bitcoin's success.  
We must always remember this movement was based on a decentralization of power and if we continue to rely on Bitcoin we are going to have a 2.0 version of the old paradigm.  We should certainly be looking into other technologies and bitShares is one of the most promising...and with a developer who is actually focusing on decentralizing power structures.
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:50:59
Cryptographic Decentralized Stock Exchange.  
Now with that said, users will not need to care what it is...all they will need to know is that it cannot be taken away from them by corrupt governments or banking cartels.  
They will need to know bitshares is the most user-friendly of crypto interfaces.  They will also need to know that in order to truly benefit from the system, users should keep up with their delegates.
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:05:55
Why does it seem you are following me and offering critical comments without acknowledging every supposed issue you see with bitshares is also a problem with bitcoin.  And failing to acknowledge that bitshares actually solves a great many problems bitcoin as to now has either chosen not / or has been unable to resolve?
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:18:55
It certainly will..  best to get in on it.  But please do so in the next couple days because I have a couple btc waiting to be fully available in my account for the AGS-style BTC crowdsale.
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:53:51
Literally *bleeds* value....
@_date: 2014-09-21 20:47:36
Money is not the power.  Money is the mechanism.  The power is in the people's choice.
Now lets just imagine we are all new investors in crypto.  We can, of course, choose Bitcoin as our long-term holding coin, but what would we get out of that deal?  I would have to now either simply hold it (and watch it bleed value) or try to find an alternative altcoin based off POW schemes, in hopes of catching a spike up (when the pump occurs).  However, guess what...I am not an insider so I don't know the timing (how can I?).  
Now let us imagine that we instead have a choice to get PTS and hold them long term.  Guess what we get.  Let's look:  every altcoin dev who is working for/with Invictus will release DACs and issue a small portion of the share s to *me*.  So in essence, it is like having bitcoin and instead of all the pump and dump schemes I get a stake in all the altcoins that branch off of it...including their potential innovations.  Bitcoin is for speculators...PTS is for longterm thinkers who don't want to play in the jungle day in and day out.  It is a brilliant model.  
People will invest and divest in these tokens so the whole idea of FED reserve 2.0 is crazy...and that isnt even consider audit has not been done on the many many years.  This is not even possible with crypto.  
@_date: 2015-05-29 09:08:21
I am not philosophically a fan of Ripple bro...I'm just calling it how it is.  Just because it isn't yet doesn't mean it can be.  The only way bitcoin can give all those options...is through supporting altcoins with those features (because anything else introduces the negative side of the human element.
@_date: 2014-09-19 11:48:39
One can argue that.  But one can also argue that it is healthy to have a diversification (kind of the same reason why bitcoin even came into existence, right?) ;)
Also, remember the toolkit does not *have* to be used, can be modified as necessary by "cloners" and is only needed if a dev wanted to more easily build infrastructure to support their coin.  
Do we really think there is not room, at a marketcap of approx 7 billion, for other coins to grow into similar magnitudes as more users come online.  
I personally consider a world with 100+ 6 billion dollar marketcap cryptos *far* better than one built and owned only by bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-21 22:16:42
Blockchain technology in general could definitely bring in the mark of the beast and skynet.  This is true for Bitcoin just as much as any other tech.  The key is having a community with the right philosophy and a willingness to teach others of both the amazing benefits and terrible dangers of this tech.  
As always, it comes down to our choice.  
@_date: 2015-01-01 08:12:10
Not a Pump.  Simply a Gift from BitShares to all of Crypto...including you if you should ever need help for being persecuted as a crypto-terrorist.  
As for the Incompleteness of the project, it is has 10 second tx times, scalable to Visa level tx volume.  It has privacy built in, sending to names built in, democratic voting on blockchain workers built in, and user-end best practices built in.  
Since you didn't know there was a wiki, I felt it might be nice to inform you:   
Thanks for supporting cryptocurrency in general, and I hope you will consider opening your mind to more possibilities for the New Year :)
@_date: 2015-01-01 13:26:42
Thanks for further contributing to my hope for humanity and what bitcoin will do for freedom.  I will ignore comments from you now as they are aimed at doing nothing productive.  
Dang, what a Grump!
@_date: 2015-01-02 06:00:29
Except for the fact that they don't have Dan Larimer...who is about as good as having Satoshi himself.  
If you actually do your research, you will find that Dan Larimer (aka Bytemaster) from BitShares was the one to talk Vitalik out of Proof of Waste...which is the ONLY reason Ethereum currently can achieve anything close to BitShares 5-10 second tx times and scalability.  Of course that is not why you are here....truth matters little in the land of greed.  
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:26:06
it tends to feel that way only because most "coins" out there anymore are simply used to pump up hype and steal users' bitcoins.  
The BitShares ecosystem is truly trying to change that to protect people who value their bitcoins by making sure IF they want to speculate with them, that they are at least doing so on chains that are philosophically aligned with Satoshi's vision.  
I urge you to check out Bytemaster's Blog and read some of his philosophical viewpoints and reviews on other products.  He actually is one of the few who regularly chatted with Satoshi in the very beginning...so if there is a small group of people who Satoshi would likely give the stamp of approval, he would certainly be among the top.  
@_date: 2015-01-07 18:35:00
usrn doesn't care about rational arguments.  
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:00:09
They are attempting to start essentially funding their own development in a more decentralized manner.  I agree with what you say on a tech level...which is why I said they should chat with Bytemaster about how he sees a path forward.  
The philosophy behind this little project is similar though.  Hope that makes sense.
@_date: 2015-01-22 03:23:22
Wait a second.  This sounds a heck of a lot like BitShares' philosophy of hiring using their tokens--only using a centralized option. Why not talk to Dan Larimer over at bitsharestalk.org and see how he recommends doing it?  
@_date: 2015-01-01 06:30:58
100,000 BTS Given to the person who accepts and gets voted in for this position.  
And remember, "Though we are sovereign, our own empowerment is closely tied to the empowerment of others. For this reason, it is my hope that this delegate will also be available to aid those in the crypto-sphere who need aid but are not part of the bitshares community."
@_date: 2015-01-02 06:21:51
Funny you seem to be everywhere here usrn.  Tell me again how bitcoiners are supposed to be all about free markets and innovation when your 1.0 tech is still stuck at 7 tx/sec scalability issues?  
@_date: 2015-01-22 18:20:48
certainly not.  Users want simplicity in all regards.  You can see the trends all around you.  I am not a bible thumper but I can easily see these trends...you do not?
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:12:28
Not really correct.  They are, in fact, building a platform.  It will be a platform that enables many games to "plug into" the blockchain to utilize the power of Blockchain Technology's transparency and provable fairness.  Since it is a BitShares-based DAC it will actually even gain all the benefits of the BitShares Toolkit too.  This means we are looking at scalability to above Visa-level volumes, 5-10 second transaction times, TITAN and a community of some of the most intelligent people in crypto.  This isn't even mentioning the synergies it could gain from allying with other BitShares-based DACs.  
It will also enable game developers to crowdfund using PLAYShares, enable users to transfer the wealth gained in one game to a new game they intend on playing.  And just a note to those who would like to make money off of actually investing in this.  China has more gamers than the good ol' US of A has citizens...
So let that sink in and you start seeing the magnitude of value that can be produced here.  If we want to help cryptocurrency (of which bitcoin is the beloved first manifestation), we need to really stop trying to hurt legitimate innovations that use the blockchain Satoshi introduced to the world.  
Being a unique iteration of tech based on the bitshares toolkit...it is anything but the "same old" 2.0 stuff.  We should constantly be focusing on innovating right??
Anyway, I think it would be awesome if you would join PLAYTalk.org and start looking at ways you could have fun growing our community, building life-long friendships and having EPIC Wins :)
@_date: 2015-01-01 08:17:22
Happy New Years Cazalla662.  I wish you peace, joy and wealth beyond your imagination in the cryptos of your choosing...even if that means you continue fearing innovation so much that you can't respect it and the community that wants to use it to help protect all of crypto.
@_date: 2015-01-23 12:05:24
Let's stop trying to turn this into a diminishing of the person and the point and instead focus on what I said.  
Do you honestly think there will not come a point where we will be expected to move from using our cell phones for transactions to a method that is tattooed on us?  Injected into us in the form of nanobots that send wifi signals to POS devices?  
If you think this is an impossibility and "archaic and backward thinking" you obviously are not seeing what I'm seeing.  I can point you to a whole host of news stories that prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the current power structure wants to control all information we use, create and consume.  
It is obvious that the current system is in no way benevolent and looking for a benefit to all mankind.  The system is passing laws to undercut the average citizen literally on a daily basis.  They are spying on us with our own devices, creating dossiers on us with our own meta-data, imprisoning and in some ways even torturing those brave enough to inform the public as whistleblowers.  
You can call it "archaic and backward" but it doesn't make the trend any less obvious.  You speak of paranoia as though it is something that is unjustified.... 
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:01:09
Well for one, they accept Bitcoin as payment.  You want people who create value to use Bitcoin, right?  Otherwise this is kind of an exercise in ignorance and futility.  
@_date: 2015-01-02 05:47:07
This is not true.  Bitshares investors have in no way been screwed.  I was an AGS investor (primarily) and I received approx 8x what I put in already...and that isn't even including the sharedropped shares I have received in other chains like Sparkle and DevShares.
@_date: 2016-03-16 00:16:28
Tps is not limited by miners in every occasion. some cryptos dont have miners in the normal sense of the word because mining is not always necessary. 
i believe tx times and volume capacity are the two most important elements for any crypto to be able to gain users.  if noone agrees they should ask why websites no longer take 30 seconds to load :)
@_date: 2016-03-15 23:48:17
pheonike. i thought it was technically unlimited depending on the needs of the chain.  also, xeroc said, i believe 1.5 second confirmations. am i wrong?
@_date: 2015-08-23 16:21:54
The market is controlled by a very few mining operations (along with the ASIC manufacturers with whom they will become close buddies because they will certainly ensure they receive first shipments).  Bitcoin sadly is not really representative of a free market.  
What does that mean though?  It means that rather than us all acting like we have a real say, we should consider CHANGING! That is what all winners do when something needs fixed.  They change it.  Now the only problem is finding consensus--and I'm not just talking about the consensus of a small, ELITE unit of people who mine.  I'm talking for all the people we want to use this as a means of value storage/transmission (among many other things).  
Until we have something that gives them a say, we are lying to ourselves about "human empowerment" and "decentralization".  And lying to ourselves and fighting over the reality of this obvious problem does nothing to help any of us.
@_date: 2015-08-23 18:27:41
It is far different.  In our current state of "Democracy"...everything is opaque and kept secret for "our safety".  In our current state of "Democracy", we have long drawn out processes to take a representative out of power (for good reason in the current, slowly adapting system). 
But in the new, technology enhanced versions of Democracy we can all have our own personal representatives who answer directly to us and whose decisions are held to a real standard of transparency.  This means we rise above static institutions around with corruption grows...because democracy can become a like a mesh network :P
@_date: 2015-08-23 16:08:17
Seems like comments must be getting deleted, so I will post and let everyone know about Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS), which is by far a better protocol for bitcoin.  But I will expect some weak-minded child of a moderator to cover my mouth.  
And I am not saying that because I am an altcoin fanatic (which I am).  I say this because I love bitcoin but anyone who thinks bitcoin was born perfect needs to seriously reconsider their conceptualization of how perfection is achieved in life---through an iterative process and an open mind.  
But guess what, bitcoin has fallen from its original vision.  Why?  Because I as a bitcoin holder have NO say in what happens with bitcoin (Bitcoin XT anyone?)...are we really trying to build a monetary system where ONLY miners (and the ASIC manufacturers on which they rely) have any control over how the system runs?  Sounds even worse than the NSA to me...
In fact, if bitcoin doesn't do something very similar to DPoS, I can assure you I will never buy another because I can get DPoS coins that give me a say through the CCEDK fiat&lt;--&gt;crypto gateway.  I want to live in a world where my currency represents me and the group I choose to work with...not a coin that forces me to swallow whatever decision the technocratic oligarchy pushes into my throat.
@_date: 2015-08-23 18:15:07
This is precisely possible using DPoS.  Not only that, but it would be supported by a backbone that can sustain itself after those passionate enough to build it up help it grow up.  :)
In fact, it is even possible for individuals to be paid for participating in the political process by gaining the status as users' chosen representatives.  What's even better?  We do not need a static number of representatives.  It can grow or shrink along with the community's choice to centralize around the progenitor of ideas with with they agree.   
@_date: 2015-08-23 19:40:11
There is not "nothing at stake".  Work is put into these coins in many forms.  We do not need to act like "mining" them is the only valuable way to bring them into existence.  This is a fundamental mistake.  
Regardless, this point is kind of off topic because the Nothing at Stake "Problem" is old, outdated and proven incorrect (though we can always debate these points) :)
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:08:59
This is exactly what I'm saying.  I am waiting for zerocoin.  I'm also waiting for real instant transactions.  
Only two "coins" have anything close.  Ripple and BitShares.  And only one of those gives its users the ability to move their chain forward.
@_date: 2015-03-22 09:49:28
I have not purchased either, but it is 100% true that Darkcoin is not anonymous and that Monero is far better.  
Also, this masternode thing is unnecessarily centralizing in the long term and gives Darkcoin's citizens NO power over how the ecosystem grows.
It is sad to see 13 people downvote you because your point actually is correct.  I guess that doesn't matter very much though...
@_date: 2015-02-03 07:47:53
It will because the market will adapt.  Just like ANY black swan though, every single market on earth would be destroyed by it because a black swan by definition is an event you cannot plan for and cannot know before it happens.  
I hope this helps.  Your bitUSD will NOT become a pumpkin and it is as safe as any currency in existence---especially when there is a large number of people using it.  