@_author: fvdsso
@_date: 2016-01-12 21:34:52
Yeah we never know for sure, but I think Satoshi was a real technical optimist, which a lot of the earlier Bitcoin devs were as well, including Gavin.  You would have to be a real optimist to get involved with such a crazy new system like Bitcoin that had not been established in those very early days.
Perhaps that is part of the reason for what coblee was pointing out.  Also perhaps those early people were more privy to Satoshi's vision and also better understood the social contract between Satoshi and the users, because they had been part of the social contract themselves.
Mike Hearn was one of the first devs on the scene with Satoshi.  He has some interesting things to say about the topic of scaling to VISA levels and Satoshi's vision, as well as the payment channels that Satoshi was working on, which he calls "in a way precursor to LN"(starting 41min): 
Also this is really interesting, the first message ever sent to Satoshi by both Mike and Gavin:
You can really see Mike was interested about scaling from day 1, and foresaw a lot of things in the future including FPGAs and ASICS.  Mike was asking a lot of the same questions that he is focusing on now. He had direct contact with Satoshi about these issues, so in my mind I have to give him more credit than someone who came later and never talked to Satoshi.  So I am really glad for coblee pointing out the difference between those original Bitcoiners and the newer ones that came after Satoshi.
@_date: 2016-01-12 21:10:31
Really? I gathered from his quotes that he did think it could reach VISAs transaction volume after several years as the network grew.  What do you make of this quote?




sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 20:49:38
I think its not that Satoshi considered payment channels as viable solution or replacement solution for increasing blocksize.  I think he saw both as valuable with benefits and drawbacks for both.  It seems he wanted Bitcoin to scale to something like Visa levels for payments, and the way to do it was increasing blocksize.  So I think increasing size was a must for Satoshi, but payment channels were a nice add-on.  For high frequency transactions like high freq. stock trading he was working on payment channels.