@_author: fweon
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:52:45
silly question.  Bitcoin gets mined in coins, but can be traded / exchanged in fractional coins all the way down to Satoshi.  Does the block chain have to keep track of every individual satoshi and the associated address, that seem silly slow and wasteful.  So how does blockchain deal with coin unit fragmentation?  My balance could have originated from multiple sources, but when I transfer it all to one address, presumably the part bits have to be transferred rather than a single unit of whatever size.  Given there is full audit tracability in the blockchain of which addresses any part of a coin got transferred through then that argues the fragments have to be tracked.  If that is true.. then while Bitcoin is relatively unpopular / low value the fragments will be larger but if Bitsoin displaces FIAT which will also likely mean the value rapidly grows then transactions will be in ever smaller fractions of a coin and conceivable the whole block of issued coins gets increasingly fragmented into smaller and smaller chunks.  It seem like this would result in transactions becoming increasingly onerous to process / track and the size of the block chain transaction history...
What am I missing?
@_date: 2018-01-01 19:27:32
thanks for the link I will do some more reading.  
I have been reading a load of articles today, and I think I am starting to get how block chain is working now....
If I have it correct, it does not track unique coins (i.e coins / satoshis are not individually serialized) but it tracks the cumulative balance of coins that sit at an address, and then tracks all the input transactions (presumably less all output transactions) to prove the residual balance.  So it is not so much that a specific coin which arrived from a specific input is transferred to a new public address, but that an ammount is debited from the one public address and credited to another.
So if i am right in my head with that, you dont have to worry about fractional coins because we are not tracking explicitly uniquely identifiable tokens beyond they constitute part of a balance.  So thinking this through if A and B transfer 1 and 2 coin ressepctively to C, and C then transfers 0.5 coin to D, while the balance of C is now 2.5 - there is not identity or concept of what that is comprised of other than the input less the output.  I.e we can not say C's balance is 0.5 of the original A coin and 2.0 of the original B coin or 1.0 of the original A coin and 1.5 of the B coin or any fraction inbetween.  So.... I think my conclusion, is while you can "track" coins when the addresses they are transferred from and to have singular (few) transactions, that when an holder of bitcoin used a single address to receive / send coins from many many parties - then it is not implicitly possible to say that specific coin originated from A is currently those specific elements and not another part of the balance (that existed in the inputs and outputs upto the timestamp at that point) is now at this other point in time distributed at these explicit addresses... is that correct? Not that I am sure this particularly matters as that is how banks / electronic fiat works as well.  Coins are only uniqiue in so far as they can only contribute to the balance at one public address at any one point in time.  Is that sort of right?
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:19:04
I certainly admit to confusion.  Could you suggest a particular document or link from all the info in the side bar to help me focus in on the correct area to study and I will certainly self learn.
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:39:13
I will start with "Common Myths" as you suggest, and come back with followup questions, if any, on how the block chain deals with unit fragmentation balancing tractability :)
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:06:40
quote from tonight's Sky News on what the papers say about the 30% crypto pull back: 
"of course most currencies are based on something, but bitcoin isn't".
I take some exception to that as myopic and misleading.
While I can argue both sides in relation to Crytpo I struggle with the comparative that FIAT currencies are based on anything to a greater or lesser extent than Bitcoin.
A more pertinent observation by the journalist would have been that currencies / assets are typically underpinned by collective agreement / faith  in them as a medium that can not be meddled with.  FIAT certainly has some credibility issues in this regard as well as it is based on escalating debt, interest payments and issuing of government bonds to keep the wheels spinning.  While constantly printing money and devaluing "proper" currency...
While this system appears on the face of it to work since Nikon decoupled the US$ from exchange for gold.  I do somewhat take exception to the assertion that FIAT is somehow magically underpinned by something greater.
But I guess in addition to manipulating gold prices through money printing, the system does want anyone to start thinking too much about what is actually behind the magic green curtain propping up normal currencies....
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:39:38
So as I understand it miners get rewarded occasionally with Bitcoin.  The mining activity is also what powers the block chain to enable the recording of transactions.  There are a finite number of Bitcoins that will be issued and the difficulty level is adjusted to maintain a desired rate of issuance.
So my question, once all 21M Bitcoins have been mined.  The miners will scale back operations / switch to other coins.  The transaction commit time on the block chain will balloon, potentially to a point where there is not capacity to keep up with new transactions - the whole ability to keep commiting transactions to the chain / keeping up with new transactions could go to zero.  Bitcoin would effectively cease to have any utility as a medium of change of value because the block chain infrastructure to move the bitcoins around had imploded.
Unless I am missing something, the 21M limit which many see as a source of scarcity that underpins the lofty current market price is actually ultimately incompatible with the goal of becoming a mainstream stable currency is in fact the hard limit in the number of the coins.
What am I missing, I assume Bitcoin aims to be a currency and in that end the 21M and deflationary nature of that which is also causing increase in the market price of Bitcoin is the very thing that is causing this to become a Tulip bubble and will ultimately destroy / prevent Bitcoin replacing FIATs.
Would it not be better to have a coin with unlimited coins that can be minted but where a block chain of "trusted mints" have to hold $ reserves in a pooled account that enables them to act as a central bank and purchase back the currency in exchange for the original $ deposited (less transaction fees).  While this would clearly not be as much fun  / sky rocketting value as it would effectively be pegged to a number of large currencies.  It would however surely provide a much better foundation for a currency to facilitate the exchange of goods and service with a convenient electronic currency of stable value / very low volatility.
So what is it that I have got backwards?
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:12:37
no advice in the market is worth listening to.  The person either has a vested interest or no clue.  Most paid for advice is also not worth listening to.  If your advice is so potently correct you would not push the advice to others but leverage it yourself.  The only reason is to talk the market up or down to your advantage at the detriment of others.  These sorts of comments continue to show how ammeter, trolled and pump and dump manipulated crypto contines to be.  Investors should do their own research and analysis, form their own conclusions and own their own risks and consequences.