@_author: fxlordice
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:59:49
I know what Reddit is. I'm just not that familiar with it, And yes, I'm old, what can I say. Thank you and for the warm welcoming and suggestions. Oh, and for the votes/karma with minus, as well. lol  
@_date: 2018-11-16 17:20:19
The point is, that long it took my forecast to complete, due to the long ranging period of time. I use the Facebook posts, to see there's no edited photo... and the real posting date, for my charts.
Stay tuned for my future posts, as Technical Analysis &amp; Forecast!
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:57:08
Roger that. And thanks, Ice.
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:52:05
I will care, too, when any crypto, will prove the real use... in real life. If it's a speculative, well, I have nothing against speculating it... Like I've said, nothing personal.  
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:38:37
Thank you for your input and reply. Also, for the compliment. I don't sell my charts. I just make markets forecast and share it, online.   
I'm a full time trader. I don't care about financials I trade. I prefer some against the others. But that's it. "Market goes down or up, I make money, anyway!". Spot, CFD based instruments and futures, for hedging purposes.   
I intend to buy on the spot (again), if the crowd will show this direction. And I'll prepare to do market arbitrage, if the Bullish Trend won't hold, by using Futures. But meanwhile, I just sell it on margin til it'll bend... nothing personal. And if I'll be caught in the wrong side of the battle, again, I'll take a spot position, to cover my margin positions...and it'll be Break Even (when Bullish Trend comes in place). Then focus on the Buy only. So, yeah, traders notice all these opportunities... when we joined crypto. Most traders I know, do this... and soon the others will join the crowd.  
 I've predicted Bitcoin moves, since we were around 12k. I was warning my real life crypto friends about the Bearish side, since Future were launched (we already had margin CFDs on crypto - my first clue on how it'll be). I'd love to see some good Options, too. I'll trade BTC all day, with no loss (advanced portfolio diversification). But soon, all the traders, will have all these financials at their disposal. And I'm afraid HOLD, won't look the same, really.  
Ice.  
PS: If you read some of my Fb charts descriptions, you'll know I'm aiming 100k price, on the spot. I'll be HODLer for a while. Maybe you'll try to understand my side, somehow (margin trading and trading in general).    
@_date: 2018-11-22 15:06:37
So, a non regulated, no licence "financial instrument" to invest/trade with, is safe for work? Hmm... :D
I must confess I'm old or at least older than most people in the online communities. And old habits die hard. Back in the old days, in all the forums, people used to type long threads/posts and comments. That looked beautiful and fully described what they wanted to say... I prefer that "letters" look like conversations. 
And signature was part of those beautiful stories...
@_date: 2018-11-25 05:08:21
True Must be one of those love relationships, that starts with lots of difficulties and misunderstandings. lol.  
@_date: 2018-11-17 01:01:14
I've sold my spot earlier this year, based on similar analysis. It's all between my Fb posts. 
Regarding this chart, I knew the Bearish Trend, available from the HTF, is resumed on the H4, as soon as the PA dropped below that 200 EMA (PA bucking the HTF Trend). So I took a Sell order, on margin trading.
I've closed my position, as soon as the PA reached that 88.6% blue fib level, expecting a minor bullish swing to happen. And it did, later on. That was still a corrective swing, since the Daily chart didn't pointed me a Bullish signal, yet. The minor Harmonic Pattern, as D buying point, confirmed me the same scenario. So, I basically used this confluence area (fib + Bullish Harmonic), just for exit my shorts, not for going long (opposite Harmonic).
As soon as the PA reached 50% (ideal 61.8%) fib from CD (last swing from the minor Harmonic), I've joined short again, on margin. Closed it, near the initial 88.6% blue fib level.
Another Short positions was added near the 200 EMA, expecting the PA to aim south again (HTF direction). I had to close it near the bottom side of that ranging zone at the Support level (still that 88.6%). 
I had another short, nearby the 200 EMA, on the last swing before the big Bearish candle, due to the 200 EMA holding as Resistance and the 50 EMA crossing, from top to bottom (Bearish signal - see my YouTube old video analysis to see this principle). I had to exit the short position, again, near the 127.4%-132.8% as a stand alone Support Zone (fibonacci confluence area with the minor Harmonic Pattern Extension level). That was anothe D buying point. But I didn't buy, I just exit my short on that.
I look for to sell again, aiming that 161.8% level (TP), if the 127.4%-132.8% will be broken again.
And if the PA will reach my early this year forecast level ($4400), I'll look for to buy it on the spot again (once the PA will show a Bullish sign). And I'll be ready to hedge it with CFDs and/or futures (market arbitrage), just in case it will be just a corrective swing ("powerful impulses are usually followed by powerful corrective swings").
Below this level, the miners won't be able to support longer the network. And based on what I see on charts, we can also have a $2500-$2400 (that will be a "blood on the streets" - stocks saying - buying point for me, again).
If the PA won't reach the $4400 level, we might have a new HH above 20k, with a huge resistance  zone, but the swings wont have enough strength to support a powerful next wave (EW) for a 50 or 100k level, I aim for.
As you can see I have a bigger picture I watch and keep trading on that direction, once my lower TF confirm it. That's swing trading and sometimes I act as position trader due to my long period of time of keeping my trades running.
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:01:31
Thanks for the insights, I must confess I don't know everything about Bitcoin. I just consider it an "asset" to trade with. Though, that's far from being true, yet.  
Give me the prices of something (cereals, goods, etc), for the last 5y and I can forecast all the trends and the next year, pullback points. That's what I do.   
Honestly, I wasn't nearby BTC, when it was $3. But once I've notice people are interested about it, I've done my things, as I usually do: built my HTF charts and watch it for few months, while doing my own research about it. Was around $1200 back then. Been an holder for a while, when my Elliott Wave pointed me is time to let it go, expecting to buy it cheaper later on (powerful retracements on the charts expected). Was $17k back then and none of my friends didn't believed it, just because it's not a classic asset to make analysis on.... as trader, they said.  
Anyway, it isn't yet, in that point for me to buy it, again. Not without confirmations.  
As I said, I'm looking for strong confirmations to buy it again. Not just a High or two. But, to become a HODL-er, well, I need to see many things, that Bitcoin lack of... hope just for now. And I wont mind to buy it at a higher price, if eventually can deliver... and convince me, I can count on it for a decade or two.  
By the way, that's the nicest conversation I've had, since I started to use Reddit, not far from a couple of weeks ago. It gives me real incentive from a Bitcoin HODL-er (I've even made a print screen and shared on my socials - covered your ID and group name, don't worry).   
So, thank you for your time and answers. I'm more than happy to understand and learn new things, in general.  
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:49:31
Howdy. Nice day, again, ha?   
I'm starting to believe you way of having conversations, is more and more related to the Bitcoin chart:  
\- Bearish = act like a mad dog ...or child... or whatever  
\- Bullish = start throwing flowers at people   
Maybe I'm wrong. But anyway, just wanted to say hi :)  
Ice.  
PS: Don't forget to downvote me. I can't feel your love, if you don't do it, every time we met :P
@_date: 2018-11-21 13:26:10
Hello   
though I have this account for 2y+, I just recently started to use it. I'm still new around and I try to understand how this website works. A similar post with hashtags, was shared on all my social websites and communities.  
So, just to understand something, hashtags doesn't work on Reddit? Thanks.  
Ice. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 13:31:07
Hello   
hope you had a nice day, too. I'm fine. Thanks for asking :)  
By the way, are you "millennial"? Or just a "digital nomad"? Good. Now, please start to learn trading. Cause crypto world and "influencers" won't be the same, anytime soon. Especially those that claimed margin trading is bad...  
Do you prefer people making shilling on crypto, only?   
Anyway, hope you'll have a great day ahead.  
@_date: 2018-12-07 00:40:47
So, trading on margin a non regulated "financial", by taking a Short Selling position is actually Safe From Work, for you? Same for buying it on spot, since it's not an asset... yet.   
You can consider it my disclaimer, when posting any kind of chart as Technical Analysis &amp; Forecast! That's the most logical way to do it, imho.  
Good to know. And thanks for the downvote. I started to become familiar with this kind of attitude, here on Reddit. lol.  
@_date: 2018-12-07 07:59:47
As I'm used with financial TA &amp; Forecast and by reading the house rules of Reddit, I should use it on most of my posts (since I post mainly financial analysis). 
But, I got it. And thanks.
@_date: 2018-12-06 22:19:55
Hey there u/hanakookie,  
sorry for my late reply. I was busy as hell, lately. And I wanted to write you a long respond. Which I did and forgot to send it and lost it (multitasking issue)... So, I'm writing it, again. lol  
I have to agree with you. The financial markets sucks in the the last decades and more and more, in the recent years. That's how I've learned not to trust or love a certain financial instrument, though that's too much to call Bitcoin, for now. (see 15th January, 2015, when SB stopped protecting their 1.20 level for EURCHF and made history - I was off the CHF investments one week ago and warned all my subscribers about it).  
When it comes to Bitcoin, I don't see much in it, to consider it a future asset, yet. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but here are some aspects that don't match, to capture my interest:  
1. Power to the people - beautiful concept, I wanted to believe it, myself. Yet, we shifted the balance from the bad banks and governments (that still have to comply with some laws and regulations), to a "secret" group of people behind Bitcoin... We can't go in the street, we can't vote against them, if we disagree... we can just sit and accept their "work"... Well, you could say just like the fiat currencies.  
2. Peer-to-peer - awesome concept, considering we all, who own BTC or not, we can be involved into mining/securing the network. Only, we can't do that, after the initial hash rates upgrades. So, it was shifted again the balance from us, all the people, to the ... miners, which started to act and grow, like corporations. I used to compare Bitcoin and blockchain, with torrents, in order to explain it to my friends, in the beginnings. Now, we can't mine it with personal computers and mobile phones, anymore... And due to the electricity dependance, I see here another risk from governments...that can always pull the trigger. And some started to do it...  
3. Security and Licence &amp;Regulations  - lots of problems here, considering the IT knowledge requirements (not to mention understanding the system/code behind it). I'm talking here, about an easy way to make wallets owners available to a public list or on demand (somewhere). If I lose my credit card or forget my bank account number, I just go to the bank with my ID and I can get my money...   
I know some people hate it. But, without at least on a minimum regulation scale, we won't be able to embrace it or use it on a larger scale (big and long term investors, business owners to accept payments, etc).  
4. Utility and Accounting (acceptance for businesses owners). Why would I, as business owner, accept Bitcoin? Difficult accounting. Government institutions bad communications (without a certain level or regulation). Lack or regulation/licence = risk for me to keep it, in my company actives list. So, why bother to accept the payments in Bitcoin, just to get fiat, immediately, anyway.   
5. Usability and wrong niche targeting - most of the people who can understand and willing to use Bitcoin, are Generation X, Y, Z a.k.a. Millennials. Wrong target or bad marketing, considering these people don't have the financial power in their hands to "force" the world to use Bitcoin... My parents barely use mobile phones and require assistance for installing and use apps... And I have many friends that can barely install a software without a clear guide. Installing crypto wallets and use it for transfers... are not likely to happen anytime soon.  
I could give you more reasons, but I want to hear your opinion on these, in particular. I really appreciate the conversation with you. You seems to be open to do that. And I'm always willing to learn, anyway.  
Cause another thing I'm worry about, Bitcoin kind of divided people in two sides: blind believers and people hopping to see it, doing what it promised. And I've learned the hard way not to HOPE but to consider what I see, only. Otherwise, we would all clap our hands and sing, like people participating at a MLM "business meeting" or worst, willing to embrace any ponzi scheme, just because it sounds too good to not be true... And since some ICOs proven to be ponzi schemes... this will increase difficulty of the Bitcoin acceptance, more.   
And I see the Bitcoin groups acting more like a religious cult. When someone ask or make a statement about it, "believers" jumps all and kick so hard... I'm agnostic, I believe in what I see, only. And I always check my info elsewhere... in as many sources possible.  
Coming back to Bitcoin, the people acted normally (mass behavior), by Buying it initially (rumors) and Selling it later (news), cause until now, we can only see the "promise" of a better world with Bitcoin. And this reminds me so well of the IPOs scam market in the 80s til 90s (see "Boiler room" 2000 movie - and have the chance of seeing Vin Diesel with "some hair", hehe, the "Wolf of Wall Street" movie, etc).   
And we're here now and I doubt people will still buy the crypto for the promise, like they did in the last couple of years. And the banks started to act like whales, too, since no regulations and no rules for market manipulations. Not to mention, they have all the derivatives required to safe trade (by practicing market arbitrage, between spot and derivatives). That's why I doubt Bitcoin and crypto world will skyrocket, like in the old days. Steady trends, could be possible for those crypto that can deliver. A pump on ICOs again... but drops to zero if fail to deliver, later on (e.g. IPOs for stocks). And ranging markets trading, will also happen, just like for other controlled instruments.  
I truly believe the blockchain CAN change the world. I doubt (and wait to see it) Bitcoin can, for now. I would't mind buying it at 50k to sell it at 100k, later on, or buy it again at 30k to sell it later at 50k, again and so on. And I truly believe in diversification of the assets. I would not buy now 100% gold, silver or bitcoin... or any other investment, on the long term. Those days when grandmas placed a couple of hundreds savings per month, in stocks and made tens of millions till their retirement age, are long gone. Maintaining an investment portfolio, requires a special attention of at least part-time (i.e. 401k), if not full time, like myself (if trade/invest multi markets, spots and derivatives, as well). But people will need skills and "Millennials" just don't have patience for it...  
Thank you, again, for your time and answers. This is really a nice conversation that I rarely have the chance of participating in it, in crypto groups, today.  
@_date: 2018-12-06 21:22:09
I use the same Fibonacci Retracement tool, on the Counter-Trend, instead of using the Fib Expansion Tool. The 127.4%-132.8%, 161.8%, 261.8% represent stand alone Support/Resistance Zones. Also, these are the Harmonics potential D points (entry points for the Harmonic Traders).   
If you want to understand more about all these, google it: Fibonacci Clusters or Fibonacci Confluence Areas. Unfortunately not so many materials about it on the web. Though, it's an old concept of trading and investing.  
Anyway, I found out over the years, this is working like magic for me on the Higher Time Frames, where we have less lagging indicators. And rarely this type of analysis is invalidated by the news release (Fundamentals), like on the intra day trading.  
Hope this helps.  
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:31:56
Hello u/Wrinkled_Dog_Anus I honestly thought you'll never show up, today. Lucky me, you're still around, trolling me and my posts. Anyway, just wanted to say "hi" again and to wish you a great day/night ahead. rofl.  
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:56:27
Sorry about that, u/Parti_zanu. Anything I can explain more, to become helpful?  
Or is it just that "shilling" idea, of posting just Bullish Bitcoin charts&amp;analysis, to make you happy?  
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:30:07
Ahaha. Probably both. But, you can call it an old and bad habit. lol.  
Ice.