@_author: g35spaceship
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:40:01
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA. Okay conversation is over. Completely convinced you're a troll. No one with half a brain believes Russia had involvement. Lmao that's hilarys campaigns losing excuse. The Russians hacked my election , hacked my audience! Hey no maybe it's cause you play identity politics. 
Oh right lol how many times have I seen completely neutral headlines from breitbart while CNN and MSNBC is slanted. The fact you defend mainstrream ends the conversation. Haha that shows you're completely under their spell. Well done kiddo!
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:50:01
Ahh yes , any current supporter of the president is really just a paid troll from Russia! Alas ! You found it all out! Comrades, we must leave!
@_date: 2017-03-22 15:10:51
How is Hilary in a difficult and impossible situation? She didn't have to defend a child rapist. Lmao. Hey what about the lovely tapes of her laughing about getting the rapist free? Oh wait. Just unfortunate situation she couldn't do anything about :/. She's better cause trump said "pussy". Yes. Definitely !
@_date: 2017-03-22 15:21:11
How can I actually convince you of anything when you TRULY believe the mainstream media is being honest with you. I cannot change your opinion, if I give you information other than buzzfeed or slate or ABC. You will not even acknowledge it and say it's all fake Russian news. Right..  now you will keep believing the MSM after literally daily people can make videos exposing their lies. How many times can you "lose connection" talking to people with different opinions? Cough CNN. So no, there's no point trying to convince you. Because whatever I say we be a "Russian trolls racist xenophobic transphobic  arachnophobia blah". Have a good day! From your local Russian spy.  
@_date: 2017-03-22 03:35:27
With the help of Russia? Lmao how do you seriously believe that? EVERY media outlet ragged trump before the election saying it's impossible to rig an election , then when he wins oh my suddenly it's totally possible! 
Oh yes his disgusting presidency of killing tpp, adding 300k jobs in two months , adding a great new scotus. What else? Saving money on the f35. Keeping companies in America. Companies specially said they're staying because of him. 
So keep complaining , we love him! Sorry you believe CNN and buzzfeed and the Russia bit. Hilarious! Even the investigators say there is NO connection. Only Hilary's campaign! Lmao!