@_author: g_77
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:41:56
I worded it correct. 
see here:
[reserve requirements by country.](
See that Australia is one of the very few countries to have 0% cash reserve requirements.  They must only keep enough cash reserves to ensure day to day needs as determined by them, but not by law.
@_date: 2015-05-10 14:01:20


This is true, they are not required to hold reserves as a function of deposits. They hold reserves for day to day needs, like ATMs etc and they do have some, but the above is true, they are not by law required to hold reserves as a fraction of deposts. Thus a 0% of deposits requirement. Arguably its asymptotic as a function of day to day needs, but if day to day needs were satisfied they could have 0.0000001% reserves and not be in breach of law for example. Hence I think its quiet reasonable to write it as 0% as is listed on wiki and is generally denoted in most finance references i am aware of. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 10:06:04
Sadly Australian banks have 0% cash reserve requirements.
They only have asset requirements.  Unfortunately much of their tier 1 capital beyond government bonds seems to be banks setting subsidiaries for each other to deposit cash in. Of coarse it seems that cash is then loaned out in effect by the subsidiary keeping the cash in an investment account at the competing(!) bank while assuming that because its in an account its real and thus safe as its just a deposit.   Its loaned out because the competing bank loans nearly all depots..  Thus there seems to be no real limit on making infinite amounts of money here for banks. Tier 2 capital is that of houses which are valued based on market, which is determined by what they loan out(sigh).
Sooner or later I am betting out capital requirements for out banks and associated issues are going to come to light in a very ugly way. People here think they are well regulated and stable because we have had solid growth from china buying endless amounts of iron ore and coal. Banks never have problems during expansion phases.
So its no surprise Australia currently has a huge asset bubble in a country that has almost zero manufacturing as compared to other developed countries. Coal and iron exports are crashing hard now so I am wondering if we are going to have a huge internal GFC style crash within the next couple of years. Certainly would not surprise me. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 01:02:28


I had concluded the same thing and often find myself trying to think why I am wrong.  I wish this were discussed more often because to me this is a huge problem. It is a show stopping problem that leaves me asking what am I missing, how can humanity be this stupid?  Do any western countries actually issue money that is not debt? I mean essentially print money then use it to fund government services or infrastructure without issuing government bonds for example? What about where the reserve bank actually provides interest for money stored in the reserve bank?(I thought this was happening after the gfc as a method to increase m1?) This last part is the only one I am aware of occurring in the west but as  far as I understand it does not nearly occur enough to stabilize the unstable system.
To me, all the new financial instruments that keep being invented are just obfuscation is this principle mathematical problem. It is analogous to the crazy physicist who keeps coming up with an ever more complicated perpetual motion machine and the complications just make it harder to see where energy is lost, yet every complication actually makes it loose energy faster.  This is the way I see current mainstream economics. Its just in economics unlike physics you can't just prove someone wrong because there is no simple experiment to show them they are undeniable wrong.  Thus it just gets crazier and crazier as time goes on.  
@_date: 2015-11-27 00:47:17
Yes but no one can bail them out or inflate them out of trouble. Same reason why gold backed currency is currently not preferred being that when banks screw up bank runs become real because there is no way to bail them out.  Likewise when a government screws up no one can bail it out with gold. However if you effectively print your own money you just inflate out of the problem. This is probably a big part of why housing bubbles seem so common now days as they are so closely tied to lending and the ability to print means you can just keep inflating. At least to me it is a fairly obvious wealth transfer mechanism and a big part of the growth in finance. Also fairly obvious why governments like it. Also why people criticize the Euro as now sovereign governments like Greece can't inflate their way out of problems.(personally I think the inflating out is not really a good solution but that's another story)
I find this interesting because bitcoin has many similarities with gold but a few key differences.  This may be why some consider it a commodity. The way i see it gold is relatively scarce as is bitcoin. However its not very practical to use gold for general transactions (which resulted in the pound note and hence money backed by gold) but bitcoin is a bit different in that it might be possible to make it practical for transactions. I would say it is not yet practical but as software and hardware evolves that may change. To me the most important difference between bitcoin and gold is that block chain being open. That means if a bank does lend out bitcoin, it should be possible to audit them. Everyone should be able to tell when a bank has lent out 97% of its reserves in the same way banks now lend out currency.  It takes away that trust from the bank, and makes it obvious that the reason "bank x" is being so profitable is just because they have lent out 99% of their reserves and are just trading profit for risk.
@_date: 2013-04-25 00:51:43
This is precisely why banks don't like using gold as a currency.  Currency systems based on loans and currency multiplication are unstable.  From a control theory point of view its positive feedback both on the rise and fall.  Limited currencies give banks no safety net or more accurately a way of countering this unstable system.  Thats why they currently use currencies not related to goods.  Bitcoin does have a chance to be different to gold in that there is no requirement for someone to put there coins in a bank, meaning the bank doesn't have large reserves to loan out.  I will find it interesting to see what happens, if people do eventually put their coins in banks.  If they do and the banks manage to loan a significant portion of it out, it will suffer the same fate as gold.   Thus I really hope the social patterns differ and the deflation aspect of it discourages this from happening.  Most likely the problem would occur when the currency reaches maturity or equilibrium.  At that stage its no longer long term deflationary and banks will take the risk to make loans and cause bubbles and crashes.  If that occurs it will be no different to gold.  Lets hope the practicality of not putting it in a bank keeps it under control.
@_date: 2013-06-30 08:08:41
A quantum chip of the right design has the capability to be orders of magnitude faster in mining. What is done in many operations on a classical computer can be done in a single operation on quantum computers.  If this chip has quantum SHA cracking algorithms then they may be able to mine faster than the rest of the network put together.
With out doing research I am not sure how close this chip is to doing factoring for 256bit algorithms but if it were capable its a pretty big deal.  Anyone else have more info on its capabilities?
@_date: 2013-12-01 07:36:55
To be honest, I was expecting a bit of crash this weekend due to bitcoin black friday. So many merchants depend on sales which get converted from bitcoin to cash meaning there would be a significant amount of selling.
@_date: 2013-05-12 10:57:30
yeah,.. the irony;)
@_date: 2013-12-01 14:35:55
I am going to guess that "profit" represents maybe 0.25% to 3%? of the total purchase cost so the rest of the purchase  would be converted back to usd for the retailer.  
In this case the question would be when does the conversion happen and did people buy many gyft cards on Friday?
The other question is when does bitpay do the conversions?  I was wondering if some of the large exchange trades today were actually bitpay.
@_date: 2013-10-27 14:01:57
Do their products carry FCC EMC certification? If not contact the FCC and they will be out of business overnight.
If so does anyone with their product have access to an EMC chamber? I am going to bet there is a good chance it doesn't pass.
@_date: 2013-06-30 09:58:12
I am not surethat will solve it, if a chip becomes available that can do SHA256 on a quantum level then potentially you can do *all permutations* in one step so the bit coin algorithm may be broken and need to be updated or changed to compensate for quantum computing.  However I say again I have not done the math and there may be things which limit the speedup.  I'm pretty sure there are others around here closer to the field who can answer that...
@_date: 2013-04-20 15:27:23
fair enough
@_date: 2013-05-06 15:28:06
bitcoin isn't really anonymous, it only appears that way at the moment due the community being small.  Once the community is large, it will be very easily to statistically trace people via using addresses of known people and correlating transactions to these addresses.  From a law enforcement point of view, its a dream.  I dont think most people are aware of how powerful statistically tracking people will be...
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:52:42
*Weather our currency is based on a commodity like gold or not people store that currency in banks.
*When its stored in banks they used it to make loans.
*When a bank makes a loan, that money circulates through the economy and comes back to the bank as a new deposit.  This means a banks deposits are proportional to how much they loan. This is known as the multiplier effect. This is instability point 1.
Now for the other driving aspects to do with instability...
* 1 When there are competing banks, if one bank loans more than the other, the bank that loans more debases the real currency value in the other banks.
*the banks that loan less are inflated out of existence. There deposits stay the same, but as the currency is devalued they are now a smaller bank in real terms and have thus shrunk.
*2.If a bank has a high proportion of loans, and reduces its rate of loans.  For example, say there was a bad crop yield that year so the bank perceived higher risk and loaned out less money.  This reduces that velocity of money in the economy.  That loss of velocity reduces the ability of other businesses to pay back loans.  At this point the economy has the risk of going into a negative multiplier effect. If a certain percentage of loans fail, that exceed reserve ratios of cash held in the bank then the bank fails and a bank run occurs.  In this case all the depositors loose there deposits. Mainly because the system is systematically unstable.  The loss of one bank then multiplies to other banks, as the velocity of money quickly drops in the economy from the first bank.  More banks start to fail and the process continues.  Currency loaning creates an unstable currency base known as M2 or M3.  
This is important because it can happen very quickly and its hard for the economy to adapt to the changes in prices.  In the case of gold, there is no way to compensate for the sudden change of M2(deposits or money people think they have)  It causes a change in currency that is not correlated to productivity.  This is bad. Currency changes, specifically velocity should be related to productivity.  Thus the boom bust cycle.  Now non commodity currencies simply print more money during M2 contraction to compensate for it with M1(real currency).  Unfortunately this debases savings of everyone, means banks cant fail and take big risks.  This system also has massive problems, due to currency not being correlated with productivity.  This can be observed in western economies by looking at the size of the finance industries which dont produce, only consume and yet represent a massive proportion of gdp.   Thus we have currencies with poor correlation to productivity and thus a worsening GINI.  Bitcoin  may be able to solve that as it may be unloanable in mass.  Hence if it is not loaned it will become much more stable than other currencies ironically. Quiet fascinating.
@_date: 2013-04-20 17:03:09
I hope thats the case.  That doesnt mean it wont happen in the future.  For example a wallet service may start up that offers interest and advertise that it loans the coins.  I can imagine many people being tempted.
@_date: 2013-04-20 13:56:54
I have no desire to convince people based on creditability, but would prefer to plant a thought and let reason take over.
@_date: 2013-05-12 09:42:26
you're an idiot, sorry..
If you had any mathematical background you would understand you can't win. Its impossible. That's how casinos stay in business.  Typically for example, slot machines are designed to return 90% of winnings to the user.  The user thinks they are winning, as money seems to keep coming back, but they are actually slowly loosing.  The 90% figure is often stipulated in law.  It works to addict people.
Go and start learning some mathematics, and understanding the implications it has on the real world. Then once your done with that, go and learn statistical physics and thermodynamics and it will make you look at the world entirely differently.
edit:spelling for the Nazis;) BTW I'm calling him an idiot because it needs to be done, no point being nice as he probably does not realize the significance of what has been done.
@_date: 2013-10-19 00:44:30
I suspect you are now the most favored customer of Reddit.
Clever marketing, well done.
What is more if this catches on, it may actually make a way for Reddit to get into the black.  A new form of social advertising. Very interesting.
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:58:50
I do hope that's correct and stays as the status quo! When you say online I assume you are refering to website based wallets?  If bitcoin is un-loanable then the implications are massive.  I dont think economist have realized the significance of this.  Its way outside popular monetary theory and understanding.  All current theory is heavily based on the assumption of loaning.  This would make bitcoin very very different to gold.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:04:43
Part 3
As a function of the above there are a myriad of problems related to our current implementation of finance which is that eventually finance profits become a function of control and not productivity as productive industries are always failing and moving off shore.  In the US for example, this came about with banks providing excessive mortgages to people.  The high cost of housing means people in factories need to be paid more which means the factories are not competitive with foreign manufacturers so the manufacturers in the US failed which caused the mortgages to fail and thus the finance industry to fail. This is related to control because the banks profits had nothing to do with productivity of the housing industry.  They actually caused a drop in productivity by increasing prices.
Beyond the negative impact on productivity, the reason the finance sector has this much power, is because everyone who works and saves is giving the finance sector power by putting money in the bank.  The bank then loans out that money and the associated inflation as a result of the multiplier effect means the saver always looses value.  This also means that the one sector with the most power in the economy, is the one sector that works to decrease productivity and make profits by increasing control and limiting production to gain productivity from innelestic demand.  For example inflating health costs via insurance and inflated housing prices. Whats more, as recently demonstrated, Banks don’t take risk as they are backed by the central reserves as otherwise countries economies fail very quickily (Cyprus) due to sudden illiquidity.  This is why finance is so big and why its such a big problem. Remember modern lifestyles are supported by modern technology but are largely hindered by our finance industries quest for power.
So finally the reason bitcoin may have a massive effect is simply because it may assist to show true currency inflation. Remember there have been massive increases in technology in the last 30 years leading to massive increases in productivity in human terms.  Many of these increases have been hidden by the finance industries currency inflation. You may perceive it at say 2% inflation for example.  However, if productivity of other industries has increased then they would have a downward force on inflation, maybe -5%  for example.  The finance industry compensates for this by inflating by 7%, buts only perceived in total as 2% due to the -%5 of productive industries. If people start to store value in bitcoins instead of banks, this will reduce the banking system multiplier effect as there deposits will no longer be related to productivity.  This has the potential to put a massive downward force on the finance industry.  If this causes the finance industry to shrink, macroeconomic productivity will increases as a result and  everyone will benefit. It has the potential to make developed countries once again competitive.  It is of coarse not the only element of control that limits productivity in developed countries but it is a big one.  
Bitcoins have the ability to have a massive effect here by potentially removing the biggest funding source to the finance industry, which is its link to deposits.  The finance industry will not correct on its own, and is growing in china, as observed by the very high housing costs in its large cities as funded by the financial system.  Dont estimate the potential effect here if bitcoin or similar successor goes mainstream in terms of crashing the finance industry. As mechanization was for farming, bitcoin could be for finance.  
Its important to remember economies dont stop growing when they are developed or educated.  They stop growing when income becomes unrelated to productivity and macroeconomic effciency drops due to large finance industries(see Japan..).
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:33:16
but are people checking?
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:04:24
Part 2
So lets consider this from another point of view. A companies output and productivity depend on microeconomic productivity and macroeconomic productivity:
Companies result productivity = (internal productivity ) X (external productivity)
 =(microeconomic productivity) X (macroeconomic productivity)
Now technology is generally easily replicable and transferable across borders so microeconomic productivity is generally the same across all countries as companies always move to the cheapest macroeconomic area.  So in essence the reason for the loss of manufacturing in Western countries has been because in large because of our finance industry lowering macroeconomic productivity.  Since finance produces nothing in the long run it always has to bubble and unfortunately decrease the standard of living. In essence you cant have a large finance industry in a country and have it be globally competitive. 
It is interesting to consider the following scenario to understand the impact of productivity of the finance industry.
Company A in country 1: produces an object to sell using 1 unit of human labor.
Company B in country 1:starts up after company A but used better technology that means it only required 0.1 unit of labor to produce the same object and sells its cheap.
After some time Company A goes broke due to not being competitive and company B remains.
Company C starts up in country 2:  Company C produces the same object for sale using 1 unit of human labor.
Interesting what has happened is company C out competed company B.  They did it because in country 2, there was a higher macroeconomic efficiency due to a smaller finance industry which compensated for the lower microeconomic efficiency.  Country 1 is the US and country 2 is china.  Now china is automating and the US has lost its advantage.  When a country looses an entire industry its a macroeconomic problem, not a micro-economic one.  Don’t blame cheap Chinese labor.  You can either have globalization or a finance industry in the long run, not both.  
So why do we have finance?  There are a few interesting problems here.  If you increase productivity in food production for example, that is its cheaper in real terms to produce the same amount of food.  Then as a percentage of GDP the cost of the food production industry has just shrunk. Every productive sector in the economy thus shrinks as a percentage of GDP as its productivity improves.  If you want stable prices something has to compensate.  Thus the finance industry is the one industry that has a macroeconomic goal decreasing productivity in order to maintain inflation targets.  This can work in closed countries, but in globalised countries this will cause all productive industries to move to a lower cost country.  This then causes a drop in total production in a given country which then drops its standard of living as finance doesn’t actually produce anything and total wealth of a country is proportional to what they produce.  This is often hidden to casual observers because the time constant can be very long in the order of 20 years.
@_date: 2013-05-12 11:07:37
The problem is, people always bet more than once. The statistics work in such a way the more you bet the higher the probability of loosing.  I think if he really understood the statistics he would realize that what he could not win, not in terms of what he was trying to do.
@_date: 2013-04-20 15:26:31
In the end you only benefit from what you know. Sometimes concepts of benefit are complicated. Thus you have a choice.
@_date: 2013-04-20 03:11:50
Thanks for reading, I really shouldn't rush to write something so late at night.
1.I half agree with you on this one. I agree that the finance industry does to a service by enabling movement of funds between buyers and sellers. However I would argue that moving funds should account for less than 1% of any economy which is not the case now.  With respect to considering loans are service, I think this is debatable. My opinion here is of coarse not aligned with popular theory here and the reasoning is perhaps too complicated to write here. It goes along the lines of its a service that is required because the service is exists. If the service didn't exist, the currency movements and capital equipment prices would adjust and it wouldn't be required. Something like a bridge troll,create a bridge to troll it when a bridge isn't needed.  The reason the reasoning is complicated is because the troll and bridge are macroeconomic elements, not micro economic, so the dimension of there definition is abstract and not what people are used to considering. The determining factor ifloans are a productive service would be if net output is raised by them I find most current models flawed due to false assumption in non loaned based economies.  To complicated for here though..
2.Yes and no in my opinion.  I think it would have some impact, potentially creating a more level play field for manufacturing which would benefit all.  However its not the only element of control on society and other elements may rise and take over.
On another note.  I have realized that online wallets are the biggest thread to bitcoin stability.  If online wallets start acting as banks and loan currencies stored in them, bitcoin will suffer the fate of gold. No one seems to understand the risk of this. Unfortunately its probably going to happen.
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:25:56
Yes that's another way to look at it.  The risk is if online wallets start acting like banks, or if they already have and no one has checked.  It would be pretty easy for them to internally move funds around. With hundreds of millions of US dollars in coins in deposits the temptation for them would be irresistible.  The main thing is its traceable but I wonder if anyone has been checking?
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:06:56
I can see it happening though, I wonder if anyone has checked the current online wallets for transfers that indicate lending.  All currencies up until this point have suffered this fate. Bitcoin is the only currency thus far that has a chance to change this. The instability of mass scale lending has been a massive bane to humanity in my opinion. I don't think people realize just how significant it is.  If bitcoin does work to prevent lending, and is accepted by governments, it could have an absolutely massive impact on humanity and the fairness or equality of wealth distribution.