@_author: g_porgie
@_date: 2019-03-09 18:41:48
A sensible person doesn't lose their wallet with all their credit and bank cards in it, either. Sometimes people fuck up. Some of those people lose all their money. Others just get slightly inconvenienced until their bank sorts out their mistake for them.
@_date: 2019-03-09 13:44:57
...assuming, of course, that you didn't lose those, too.
@_date: 2019-03-09 17:28:57
There are worse things OP could've spent his money on. After all, he sold btc at its high point in 2017. That means there is some poor sucker out there who spent the equivalent of this vehicle buying Bitcoin at its high point in 2017.
@_date: 2019-03-08 20:12:56
Nod. Totally understand. As someone smarter than myself has said before, "It's hard to win an argument against a smart person. It's damn near impossible to win one against an idiot."
@_date: 2019-03-07 17:13:49
The capacity of Bitcoin itself is limited by design, so what makes you think that the capacity for a payment network built on Bitcoin could possibly be limitless?
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:16:21
I mean, at least you'd be selling something that actually does.. something.. 
@_date: 2019-03-01 05:05:36
A) S.F.
B) Y.L.
@_date: 2019-03-01 04:59:16


So.... Bitcoin proof of work, then?  Oh wait, no. Transferring between wallets actually achieves something..
@_date: 2019-03-07 18:43:39
Something's still missing from your logic. All transactions involving Bitcoin have to be posted to the blockchain, otherwise they didn't happen. There's no such thing as "The blockchain is only used in exceptional circumstances". 
I'm not really sure what "Network Capacity" really refers to in the announcements being made here, but if it is actually as meaningful a number as people making the announcements have been implying, then I sincerely doubt you assertion that more of it would miraculously materialize overnight if it were needed. Essentially, all that means is that the Network Capacity of LN is unlimited at all times. 
@_date: 2019-03-09 15:46:24
That's what I thought.
@_date: 2019-03-08 19:09:59


When was this exactly? Back during the Great Depression? Because, you know, the US was on the Gold Standard back then, too.


Well, that would be except for Canada, the United States (which only became a massive world economic power *after* cutting loose from the Gold standard), or England (which abandoned the Gold Standard during WWI, then re-adopted it, just to wind up pulled into the Great Depression *because* of it, and then cut loose from it again in order to survive the economic collapse that the Depression caused. 


You mean, because only a few own the means of printing money? How does that differ from Bitcoin or commodity-backed currencies where the "backing" commodity is also mostly owned by a small number of people?
The biggest problem with people who believe the "gold standard" ever supported economic equality, is that you've completely forgotten exactly how *unequal* economics were prior to WWI when the major superpower of the world was a monarchy and most economies that are considered "superpowers" today were still emerging economies back then.
@_date: 2019-03-01 20:31:22


The problem with all the different ways that exist to find you is that the probability of finding the "wrong" you (ie someone with the same name, for example) is actually pretty high, and sending out a notice that says "you have a couple of g's sitting on account with us - come and get it" to the wrong person can result in some pretty bad things happening with good people's money. 
@_date: 2019-03-05 21:30:40
Welcome to the wonderful world of Bitcoin. You've unfortunately learned the hard way that there is exactly one real-world use-case for a decentralized, unregulated, trustless form of capital, and that is to part fools from their money. 
Some people get lucky and they get to be the scam artist, most get to be the fool. There is nobody who deals in Bitcoin who does not fall into one of these two categories.
@_date: 2019-03-03 23:14:08
Well, now we need to find some consummate B's for the Bitcoin symbol. Like we didn't have enough work to do already!
@_date: 2019-03-01 20:28:02
What part of "they closed the account and sent the money to a central authority" did you miss in this whole thread?
@_date: 2019-03-08 18:17:17


You are half right, I know how Bitcoin works (at least conceptually), but I'm not fully clear on how LN works. That's why I'm asking those questions, and why I'm *incredibly* skeptical. 
Now here's the kicker - I shouldn't *have* to know anything about how either technology works. Just as I don't have to know how the back-end systems at VISA, Mastercard, PayPal, Interac, or my bank work in order to have trust that if I, as a merchant, adopt any of those payment technologies, that I can be guaranteed that I will receive the payments that they have authorized on their payment network in a timely fashion. As a bonus, I have actual people, with actual bank accounts and actual skin in the game to go after if that situation ever changes. 
This lack of knowledge of us "plebs" is the problem that *you* and your fellow Bitcoin fanatics face, and you're going to have to find a way to deal with these kinds of questions if you ever hope for wider adoption of the technology. Nobody who takes on a payment processor should have to know anything about the back-end technology in order to trust it, and an unproven technology that is designed to be "decentralized" (which means, among other things, that there is nobody to go after if something breaks) is going to have to prove itself to be rock solid before anyone with actual money at stake will adopt it. 
I still probably know more about both technologies than the people *you* actually need to convince. You can be absolutely sure that the people at Kroger who will be making the ultimate decision to adopt LN for Bitcoin payments are going to want to know the answers to these questions. 


I am actually aware that this situation can't arise *on the blockchain*, however, only one of these transactions is happening on the blockchain, and you said yourself that LN will not touch the blockchain. You are claiming that despite the fact that LN is not confirming Kroger's transaction on the blockchain, that such a situation still cannot arise. Perhaps instead of just calling me "clueless" (as, again, I have no doubt that almost everyone who you would like to convince to adopt Bitcoin payments via LN will be equally as "clueless"), you can back up that assertion with an explanation on how, exactly, the Lightening Network would prevent this from happening in such a scenario.
@_date: 2019-03-17 20:36:07
Well if we're gonna start talking about all the *other* ways you could get robbed... Let's start with a story about a little Bitcoin Bunny named Gerald Cotten-tail....
@_date: 2019-03-07 02:38:38
Found the libertarian retard (ie, the only kind of libertarian there is).
@_date: 2019-03-04 14:24:12
They don't. They care about pressuring Visa into lowering their fees.
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:14:21
The liquidity of the LN is backed by the Bitcoins of participating nodes. You get paid for running a node and backing the network with your own coins. Don't worry though, as long as everything works perfectly and there are no bugs in the system or any kind of attack causing coins to disappear, you should get most of your coins back, and possibly even a satoshi or two in trx fees every month or so.
@_date: 2019-11-28 00:26:19


The ones that use "ok boomer" unironically certainly are.
@_date: 2019-03-05 14:34:33
$3M total capacity. That's huge. That means that it only has to grow by about 111x to handle a single day's transactions for Kroger. 
Short Visa! Or... something...
@_date: 2019-03-07 23:48:51


Okay, so if I'm Kroger, and I have someone that comes to pay for, say, a $300 item using Bitcoin, so the transaction goes through on the LN. Without touching the blockchain, how do I (Kroger) know that:
a) The buyer has enough Bitcoin to complete the transaction, and
b) The transaction went through and the Bitcoin has been transferred to Kroger?
Am I missing something here? At what point does my customer's Bitcoin balance get checked to actually confirm he has Bitcoin on hand?
Or - is this where the Lightening Network now takes over, and somehow guarantees the transaction of Bitcoin into Kroger's wallet?  If that's the case, *how* is it guaranteed? If it turns out that the customer didn't have $300 worth of Bitcoin in his wallet, whose Bitcoin goes into Kroger's Bitcoin wallet when this is finally settled on the blockchain?  After all, the customer has left with the purchased item.


Again, I'm not entirely sure what you mean here, Bitcoin *is* the blockchain. It literally doesn't exist without the blockchain. That is the whole point of Bitcoin's existence. If transactions happening on the LN are not "normal Bitcoin", then what are they? Some other kind of Altcoin that exists only temporarily? A token? A loan? A handshake and a smile? 
Somebody is going to be left holding the bag if a customer tries to buy something with nonexistent Bitcoins and the Lightening Network gives a green light on the transaction, and you can be absolutely certain that it isn't going to be Kroger (who would never implement a non-guaranteed form of payment), and it isn't going to be the customer (who has long absconded with whatever it is they bought). 


So, getting back to my original Kroger example. Network capacity, as I understand it, is Bitcoin that LN node operators have put in so that Kroger's transactions can be guaranteed - if LN confirms a transaction before confirming it on the blockchain, and it turns out that the customer doesn't actually have the funds on the blockchain to satisfy the transaction, then Kroger's payment comes from LN's "liquidity".  Maybe I'm completely out in left field here, but to me, that sounds very much like something that is decidedly not "no risk". 
Now, let me explain where I'm going with this:
Here's a scenario. You tell me how this would play out. I have two Bitcoin wallets. In one wallet, I have 3BTC. In my other wallet, I have nothing. 
I go to Kroger, I buy $300 worth of stuff. I go to pay with Bitcoin using my full wallet (say, in this case, it would be 0.25BTC). Immediately before I pay, I issue a transfer on the blockchain of 3BTC from my full wallet to my empty wallet. LN doesn't see this transfer, because they are not confirming on the blockchain, so they give the green light on that transaction. I leave with my $300 of stuff.
My guess is, my transfer from my full wallet to my empty wallet will be confirmed on the blockchain before LN can settle my Kroger purchase. By the time they do settle, there is no Bitcoin remaining in the source address from which I issued payment, so it will be rejected on the blockchain. I now still have my 3BTC, and I have my $300 item from Kroger. So who is out $300? (here's a hint - if you want LN to survive as a payment platform, the answer here better not be Kroger).
@_date: 2019-03-05 12:42:13
More proof that the Dunning-Kruger effect drives Bitcoin adoption. 
@_date: 2019-03-08 23:32:03


Oh, rest assured, I didn't manufacture any of the doubt that I've expressed. I build and maintain financial systems for a living. I've spent the last decade and a half working directly with the people who make these kinds of decisions. These questions don't come directly from me - they come from the people that actually matter. The people you actually need to convince. To date, I've been asked about the possibility of incorporating Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies into those systems by probably two dozen CFOs and CIOs over the past six years. Not a single one of them have ever pursued this past the due diligence stage. 
The only reason you haven't "encountered it before" is because I'm one of the few people who have actually decided to give you enough benefit of the doubt to ask you questions rather than just dismiss you (and the technology) outright. It's very telling that you would rather dodge my question with the usual cryptofanatic "DYOR" response instead of actually providing a logical answer to any of my questions. Unfortunately for the technology, your response is neither uncommon, nor is it unexpected. It's a very small wonder why people who actually express interest in the technology are quickly turned off by the technology's own evangelists. 


While that's true, the risk of those reversals are very much within the control of the retailer. Reversals because of credit card fraud are not charged back to the retailer if the Chip/PIN payment method is used (which would be the most common payment method for a retailer like Kroger). If the Tap method is used, the maximum amount accepted is set by the retailer so they can limit their exposure. About the only chargebacks that retailers have to eat outside of those are the ones due to not providing the agreed-upon product or service - something which retailers can also dispute with a settlement department. Finally, in *all* cases, credit card transactions are not anonymous, so if a cardholder tries to commit a major fraud (for example, charging back a major expense, like a damaged rental car), they have the means to track down the cardholder and seek repayment through other means (such as through a civil suit). 
Bitcoin, on the other hand, provides absolutely no risk mitigation whatsoever. Despite your as far unsubstantiated promises to the contrary. 
@_date: 2019-03-05 18:04:50
The catch is that  is not a bank and is not subject to the same restrictions that banks are. Among other things, that means that there is no deposit insurance protecting your deposit. If  winds up insolvent, you lose everything. 
@_date: 2019-03-04 14:33:24
This guy gets it.
@_date: 2019-03-05 22:02:16
[Total M1 and M2 USD in circulation: $10.1T]( \- 0.0857% of total currency involved in this scandal. 
[Total USD equivalent of Bitcoin and ETH in circulation: $82B]( \- 0.17% of total currency involved in the QuadrigaCX scandal.
@_date: 2019-03-01 20:26:12
Sssssh... Centralization is bad, dude. Except for just about every single real-world example that has existed to date, that is. 
@_date: 2019-03-06 19:47:17
Yes. Lightning Network. Which - in its entirety - has enough capacity to handle less than 1% of a single day's purchases at Kroger. 
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:55:01
I'd ask you what you mean by that, but based on so much of the other noise that is out there regarding LN, I'm not sure you really know what you mean by that, either. 
@_date: 2019-03-09 01:39:02
And... if you lost your Bitcoin wallet...?
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:50:30
While profit motive surely has something to do with it (doesn't it always?), as I said in three comments now, it has to do with the risk in either of the two situations. It's not even really that hard to understand the difference. 
**Scenario 1**: Bank has your money. Bank calls some other person who they think is you and tells that other person "Hey, we have your money. Come verify some information with us and we'll give you your money". 
**Scenario 2**: You owe the bank money. Bank calls some other person who they think is you and tells them "Hey, you have a loan outstanding with us. Come pay up."
Which of these two situations do you think the bank is going to get a very timely response of "Uh, gee Mr. Banker, I think you got the wrong guy?" 
Without thinking any further than *just* those two scenarios, I'm sure you can conjure up an idea of the kind of extra due diligence on the bank's part that one situation warrants over the other. 
@_date: 2019-03-09 13:43:16


So your answer is:
1. CFOs, most of who have gotten where they are after accumulating decades of experience running successful businesses are "ignorant" if their due diligence doesn't land them at the same conclusion that you reached.
2. Still no answer to direct questions on how any of this works.
That tells me all I need to know.
(edit: formatting)
@_date: 2019-03-09 13:54:00
Who is this "they" that you're talking about?  
@_date: 2019-11-28 00:42:48


Based on the upvote/downvote numbers on these comments, it would be safe to assume that this is a belief that pervades the Bitcoin community as a whole. I gotta say, kudos to the Bitcoin community for not being swayed by pesky nocoiners and their negativity. If there's one thing that drives technological innovation better than anything else in the world, it is the deep-seated, uncompromising belief that your "camp" is comprised of the smartest people in the room and anyone who dares criticize you is an idiot.
@_date: 2019-03-08 19:14:34


Yet, right here you prove that you don't even know what a deflationary currency is (hint, it is not fiat)
@_date: 2019-03-05 05:02:51
Welcome to the world of crypto. Sorry for your loss.
@_date: 2019-03-05 21:31:15
This is good for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-07 17:10:50
Fair enough. I'm sure that banks and the government could do more to find owners of unclaimed funds. My point still stands, though, that OP probably still has means to recover his money, and that would absolutely not be the case in the "decentralized" world of crypto.
@_date: 2019-03-18 23:27:18
The credit card company didn't charge you $4. The restaurant owner did. You can speculate all you want whether or not the restaurant would have charged you a "convenience fee" for paying in Bitcoin, but the truth is, you didn't even have that option. 
Pointing to the lower transaction fee involved in a single Bitcoin transaction as "proof" that Bitcoin would have saved you that fee is pretty naive. Just the fact that the restaurant owner would have to both set up a payment method for accepting Bitcoin *and* hedge against Bitcoin price fluctuations for the very few patrons who would pay using Bitcoin would wipe out any cost savings from the lower transaction fee itself. 
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:13:41
Thriving in a few subreddits dedicated to the subject = thriving on Reddit, apparently.
@_date: 2019-11-27 19:43:14
Oh, hey there, Elon!
@_date: 2019-11-27 03:34:33
The good news is that you didn't actually lose $7000. You lost a fake internet magic bean. Welcome to the wonderful world of unregulated nerd gambling.
@_date: 2019-03-06 14:33:57
Look, I'm sure you're a lot smarter than you sound right now, so I'll give you the benefit of the doubt that you're asking this question because you, yourself, are being obtuse and just pretending not to understand that there is a difference in risk between contacting someone to recover a debt and contacting someone to inform them that they have money waiting for them. If I'm mistaken in that assumption, I humbly apologize and bid you good luck with all your life's endeavors.
As far as "defending banks for some ungodly reason", if you haven't been following, pretty much everyone who knows how this actually works has already informed OP that chances are, his money is in a fund waiting for him to verify his identity and claim it. If this were cryptocurrency that OP had forgotten, it would not only be lost forever to OP, but it would be completely out of circulation for *everyone*. Why OP and you seem to think that the latter situation is somehow better is anyone's guess.
@_date: 2019-03-08 19:54:39
Actually, I misread your comment and thought that I was responding to the other guy. I know what a deflationary currency is (it is exactly as you describe - unfortunately, so many crypto-advocates, for some reason get it backwards, which is why I responded as I did) and the kind of damage it causes to an economy (and why Bitcoin's own design disqualifies it as a suitable "world" currency). I have studied economics (real economics, not YouTube/Facebook/Zeitgeist economics).  I actually agree with you, I just misread your comment because I thought you were referring to fiat as being "deflationary" currency.
Sorry for the confusion.
@_date: 2019-03-05 22:23:10
Definitely moon.
I can't reveal much, but just know that if you ever hear a news story about a cryogenically frozen Nicolas Cage sitting in the drivers' seat of a Lambo racing Elon Musk's orbiting Tesla Roadster, you know that I made it in the Bitcoin business.
@_date: 2019-11-27 13:36:07
So did all the casino chips that I lost at the craps table.
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:12:40
I would bet that there are more men using fleshlights this very second than there are people using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:04:49
It will probably never happen, and this is by design. A deflationary currency (which is precisely what Bitcoin was designed to be) does not circulate - deflation makes investment expensive and encourages hording of the currency itself.  At best, it can be seen as a commodity in which one can invest, but only barely.
The biggest problem with Bitcoin (and all deflationary crypto) is that it actually represents the worst of both fiat and commodities: like fiat, it only has extrinsic value (it doesn't have any use outside of its ability to be traded for something else), however because that extrinsic value is not managed by any governing body, it fluctuates wildly and cannot be relied upon. (and yes, I know we see this with fiat, too, but usually that only happens in countries that have severe economic problems. You know, like Venezuela today or former Soviet republics back in the 1990s - in those cases, hyperinflation and other major fluctuations in fiat value are only a symptom of a wider problem). 
Bitcoin can be seen as "commodity-like" because of its deflationary design and its use as a wildly fluctuating investment instrument, but the difference between it and an actual commodity (like, say, Gold, or Oil) is that crypto provides no value in and of itself. You can't make electronics with crypto. You can't power cars, planes, or cities with crypto (in fact, quite the opposite - crypto removes a lot of energy that could instead be used to power those things). All you can do is churn and re-churn a bunch of mathematical equations that actually accomplish very little more than repeatedly verify a bunch of previous mathematical equations on some ledger (something, by the way, that any small accounting package could do, with the same volume and accuracy, on a single SQL Server cluster). 
The *only* place where crypto would ever be a good alternative for actual fiat is in an economy that is so completely destroyed, that fiat itself has no value whatsoever because there aren't actually any products or services to buy in the first place. You know, like Venezuela *right now.*
@_date: 2019-02-28 19:03:41
Well, this was a well-timed article. Bitcoin is a great way to save transaction fees when trying to bring your money back across a border. It'll only cost you your entire life savings if you accidentally go with the wrong exchange.
@_date: 2019-02-27 04:03:24


I'm not sure I follow here. You're saying that it promotes the production of hydropower in areas where additional electricity would be "wasted" - in other words, in areas where electricity would otherwise not be needed. How is this a net benefit if that hydropower is not actually *replacing* any previous non-renewable power source? 
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:10:29
If you truly believe that investments backed by the economic product of actual businesses or actual commodities are scams, but magic mathematical equations designed to eat electricity and spit out meaningless numbers is a totally legit investment, I don't think there's much else we can talk about.
@_date: 2019-02-25 22:27:03
Come on fhqwhgads...
@_date: 2019-02-27 23:10:13


Very solid advice. Definitely only stick to exchanges that have been around for a while and have been trading in large, stable volumes of crypto. You know, like Mt. Gox, or QuadrigaCX.
@_date: 2019-02-27 23:44:39
For a second I read that as "...rathole known as nsync" and thought, "Damn, Justin sure got salty over the years..."
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:17:25
They are on the ledger. You can just look them up. You don't need me to give them to you.
@_date: 2019-02-27 23:22:19
If you think there's been an economic event nearly as catastrophic as the Great Depression in any of the decades since, then yeah, you've forgotten quite spectacularly. 
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:24:07
So. Clearly not Bitcoin then. Unless you consider a non-circulating, highly volatile, non-asset-backed currency mainly controlled by a few large players and early adopters "sound."
@_date: 2019-02-28 14:39:29
I noticed that you said nothing about the farmer. Telling.
@_date: 2019-02-27 23:06:01


Which one of those is involved in Apple producing a new phone, Google continuing research on AI, or your local farmer buying land to produce more crops to feed you?
I guarantee, it is not the "saving" one. That's my point.
@_date: 2019-02-27 15:09:44


Except that it doesn't. Not even in the slightest. That's not how "saving" works - especially not in an economic sense (for example, to fund a large capital project, like, say, a highway). Money that is put into "savings" is generally invested in productive assets; it's not taken out of circulation.


Are you spending your crypto on phones and laptops right now? Or are you "hodling" until your crypto is worth "20k? 80k?" If you're a typical bitcoiner, I'm pretty sure you're "hodling" your crypto and spending boring old dollar bills on your laptop and phone. 
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:56:31


Wait. Do you honestly believe that people weren't already doing both those things before Bitcoin was invented?
@_date: 2019-02-28 00:29:33


I never said there wasn't - right now there obviously is. Again, you're misunderstanding the difference between an effect on particular individuals vs. the effect on an economy as a whole. As a novelty investment that can be traded for the odd good, Bitcoin is fine. As a currency that will drive an entire global economy, it is absolutely useless. 


That is right. Which means that investors will be less likely to take on riskier investments. Which means business will be less able to take on debt or attract investment in order to expand into new markets or do R&amp;D on new products. Which also means fewer jobs will be created, fewer products will be brought to market, and the economy as a whole will slow. 


If by "mal-investment" you mean "investment in high-risk ventures", then yes, it absolutely does mean lower "mal-investment". Would it have stopped some of the major catastrophes that happened recently because of that "mal-investment" such as the global financial crisis? Possibly. But it also would have slowed a whole lot of other things, top of the list being R&amp;D in pharmaceuticals and emerging technologies and investment in high-tech startups such as Netflix (read: the most high-risk investments undertaken today).


You are. I'm surprised you didn't bring up one of the best examples yet: the former Soviet Union back in the 1990s?  I can play that game too. Of course, every single example of that (save for one, and I'll get to that in a moment) has been a country whose entire economy has been utterly decimated. Even the perfect currency in the world isn't going to stop a financial crisis from happening in a country with poor governance because (hint: I've said this before) *currency isn't wealth*.  A country that is not producing anything is going to have a shitty economy. There's nothing at all special about your examples. 
As far as the big, bold 2008 GLOBAL FINANCIAL CRISIS, ANYONE? is concerned - it would still be happening right now if fiat money didn't exist, because the businesses that were bailed out would have failed, costing hundreds of thousands of jobs virtually overnight, with no readily-available means of investment to be found to aid in its recovery. Further, comparing the 2008 crisis to the Great Depression is like comparing the bombing of Hiroshima to the bombing of Pearl Harbor. If anything, the comparison between the two highlights the advantage that fiat currencies have over commodity-backed ones.


Electricity used to solve real-world problems is not wasted. Electricity used to brute-force encryption for the sole purpose of supporting a giant game of "telephone" to confirm transactions on a ledger so overly-engineered that Rube Goldberg himself would blush is an absolute waste. I could achieve more just by burning tires out in my back yard.


Your population might be large, but it's hardly diverse. And as a collective, you have about as much of an understanding of economics as anti-vaxxers have of biology.
@_date: 2019-02-25 17:37:57
I think you need to give The Cheat a trophy or a pizza for drawing that one for you.
@_date: 2019-02-26 23:59:50
Why do so many cryptofanatics think that the only alternative to holding crypto is holding fiat?
@_date: 2019-02-27 02:40:08
Stocks, Bonds, 401ks, RRSPs, GICs, Commodities, Futures. Basically, any kind of investment that isn't "just hold on to fiat and watch it devalue".
@_date: 2019-02-27 21:49:17
As in you need one or the other or both in order to understand sarcasm? 
@_date: 2019-02-27 22:59:13


The only reason that people have things to sell you for your Bitcoin is because those people were able to either go into debt or find investment financing in order to fund a business to produce the product to sell to you. In an economy where currency experiences deflation, the time value of money makes borrowing prohibitively expensive (because now you are not only suffering an economic loss due to interest, you are also having to pay that loan back with more expensive money), and it makes investing in stocks a higher-risk (because simply holding currency is riskless). Those businesses that accept Bitcoin right now only exist because inflationary fiat exists.
This is the problem that people in the Bitcoin space fail to see with deflation itself - wealth isn't generated in money, it is generated in product. Whether you are circulating cash, bitcoin, or gold coins, currency is just a representation of some other thing that you are producing. When money doesn't circulate, wealth is not being generated, because people are not actually producing anything of value. When deflation causes people to hoard rather than invest money, it causes the entire economy to slow. 


I agree, Gold makes a lousy currency. That's why it's not used anymore. It's not a currency, it is a commodity. And it still serves a useful purpose as a commodity, because it has intrinsic value, which is why gold is a great hedge against currency fluctuations. 
Bitcoin's biggest problem is that its biggest backers are those who believe that the gold standard was actually the best form of currency that existed (it wasn't, and most other countries outside the United States had already learned this years before the US finally followed suit), while conveniently forgetting that shitty economies (Great Depression, anyone?) happened when the Gold Standard was in use as well. Bitcoin is basically designed to try to bring the gold standard back, but with the backing of wasted electricity instead of actual gold. 
@_date: 2019-12-22 06:20:40
Or you're too lazy to drive three blocks.
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:52:46
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:20:15


"Come back here - I'll bite your legs off!" - Weird flex, but okay (is that still a thing?)


Dude, we're both regurgitating things we've read and been taught. The only difference between us is that one of us was reading textbooks and being taught by professors who actually earned their PhD in Economics, while the other was reading conspiracy theory blogs and being taught by random dudes on YouTube and Facebook.
"We're building something new" is, unironically, one of the oldest and most worn out phrases in the English language. You're not building anything, and what you are doing is certainly not new - all you're doing is hoping to profit off of a slightly-novel new MLM scheme that was invented primarily to provide value only to early adopters (read: Satoshi himself who, no doubt, has long since cashed out and moved on). 


Exactly which predictions have people with my viewpoint been wrong about? To date, these are the main predictions pretty much every economist who has studied Bitcoin has made:
1. It will deflate exponentially, discouraging investment and encouraging hoarding. - Check
2. Its price will fluctuate wildly during the high-point of its adoption. - Check
3. It's main legitimate use-case will be as a hedge commodity. - Check
4. The majority of the "currency" will be controlled by a very small number of large players, with small players quickly being shut out of the market - Check
5. It's highest rate of adoption will be in areas of wild economic instability. - Check
6. It will never become an actual, widely circulating currency - (can't say check here because it's impossible to prove a negative, but needless to say, it hasn't happened in six years, and it is very unlikely to happen in the next sixty). 
@_date: 2019-02-28 17:04:21


From the (extremely sparse) Wiki article on UASF:


In other words, Bitcoin is controlled by "its users" in the same way that fiat is controlled by "its users" (ie, the people who hold the majority of wealth in the world). Except that there is even a much smaller percentage of people who control Bitcoin than there are that control fiat. 


It might be surprising to people living in the Bitcoin bubble, but most people in the world have exactly zero Bitcoin, or any other kind of crypto. So pretty much the entire world except for a very small minority are "nocoiners" and have "missed out", using your words. I guess "for the people" means something different to people at the top of the pyramid than it does to the people to whom those people are trying to sell their wares. I'm sure your Amway business is doing swimmingly, too.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:21:17
Of course he isn't. Just another great "benefit" of decentralization.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:41:36
So much irony in that one sentence...
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:15:11
Or just use more secure forms of money than the one that apparently disappears at random if you don't follow the 20 steps required to secure said money.
@_date: 2019-04-09 18:48:40
See? Bitcoin can be used for more than just money laundering and child pornography. You can use it to buy a fake essay to turn into your prof as well. 
Score one for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2019-04-27 03:33:58
I mean, that's the beauty of that "big bad centralized banking cartel". There is actually a real entity with whom you have an actual legal contract giving you legal recourse when something goes wrong. 
With Bitcoin you have code. And pretty shoddy code at that.
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:26:06


Those are the same thing.
@_date: 2019-04-26 15:07:57
Imagine lecturing someone on the intricacies of computer security and failing to grasp how Reddit comments work.
@_date: 2019-04-15 23:58:55


Actually, only one of these is true.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:19:00
Or perhaps OP actually has a job that involves working with computers and his employer licenses his for him. You know, there *are* legitimate ways to license enterprise software.
@_date: 2019-04-16 13:50:57
@_date: 2019-04-16 18:28:01


If by "economic stability" you actually mean "the Great Depression" then, yeah.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:57:13
Absolutely easy to use. So easy in fact that even software engineers have lost their life savings because they failed to "properly secure" their crypto. Oh well, "personal accountability" and all that jazz, right?
@_date: 2019-04-04 16:27:50
Buy some Bitcoin. You'll find out soon enough.
@_date: 2019-04-09 17:39:14
Yes. Yes it is.
@_date: 2019-04-27 13:00:43
And yet this only seems to be a widespread problem in the crypto world, and hundreds of millions of people use Windows for their every day banking without issue. 
Windows isn't the issue. The currency of the pee-pull is the issue.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:20:23
Of course, it's 100 times easier just to continue using whatever computer or device you are using for everything else in your life. For some reason, most people that do that and *don't* use Bitcoin seem to be perfectly fine.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:54:48


Uh. Yah.
 






Did you forget for a minute that debit cards also have a PIN? 
Did you also forget that most unauthorized transactions can be back-charged to a vendor and recovered if a non-PIN transaction type (like a tap) is used for a purchase?  
Also, don't think normal people won't notice that you just slipped the "and have a backup" part into your sentence hoping nobody would notice that it is yet another step to take to secure your funds. Of course, we all know that backups are performed by people everyday on their home computers, right? 
Also, hardware wallets cost money and take time and effort to set up. So even if you had a backup, nobody hacked your PIN and stole your money, you still have to pay more money to replace your wallet and then re-set it up from backup just to get to your funds. 


Does she? Without any help from you? Because guaranteed, she can do all the above with a bank with absolutely no training whatsoever, and probably does every day.
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:58:01
Because most of the people here *are* the space that allows this to happen.
@_date: 2019-04-27 19:26:12
Keep dreaming dude. The malware rampant in the Android ecosystem (the only successful consumer Linux ecosystem that exists today) already proves that security by obscurity is the only "intrinsic" security that exists in the Linux world. Linux has no viruses because you can't infect an OS that nobody actually uses.
@_date: 2019-04-09 04:40:48


Oh bless your heart. Didn't even have the wherewithal to delete your initial "..head out of your entitled ass" comment, either. And all you managed to do was prove my initial assessment 100% correct. 


You.. really don't understand the difference? Between a worldwide network built from the ground up using technology that literally didn't exist at the time, and a digital "currency" built from technology that had already been around for 20 years? Yikes.


Apparently not in the Bitcoin world.
@_date: 2019-04-27 21:49:08
Hi, I'm Bitcoin's valuation. Who the hell are you?
@_date: 2019-04-26 15:11:15


Yes, please do this. Police officers need a little comedy relief once in a while.
@_date: 2019-04-04 13:03:21
Go to your bank and withdraw a couple thousand dollars in cash. Then, on a windy day, throw the cash out an open window. Any bills that blow back into the room you can keep.  
At least this way you'll get to keep some of your money.
@_date: 2019-04-08 23:37:23


How about a comparison, then:
* [NCSA Mosaic was released in 1993]( This is considered the birth of the "modern" World Wide Web. Before then, the internet was absolutely nothing like it is now.
* [The precursor to PayPal]( was founded in 1998, and launched as a money-transfer service in 1999. So six years from literally the time "technically savvy" people started even hearing about this "internet" thing, to there being a fully live online money-transfer business. 
* PayPal was bought by eBay in 2002 for $1.5B. At that time, it was handling approximately [295,000 transactions per day]( (about 3.5 transactions per second).  By my math, that's four years from its founding as a company (without even a functioning website) to a payment service handling about half of [what the entire Bitcoin network handles on *a good day* right now]( 
So, essentially, PayPal was able to build up to the volume of the *entire Bitcoin network,* starting from literally nothing (as in, no "household" internet even existing at the time) in nine years. 
Bitcoin was born at a time when the internet was already ubiquitous and everyone in the world already had broadband, and a significant portion of the western world was literally carrying around internet devices everywhere they go. And yet, in the ten years since its inception, even with the computing power of a hundred super computers, and with the consumption of electrical power that rivals many small countries, the entire Bitcoin network can barely transact at a rate beyond what that single website managed to do using a single server farm with the technology of seventeen years ago. 
So how much longer then, smart guy? Ten more years and maybe we'll see double-digit tps rates? Fifteen and maybe we can party like it's 2006?
@_date: 2019-04-15 23:59:37


By whom? Certainly not most economists.
@_date: 2019-04-26 14:32:45
Welcome to the future of currency. Run the most prolific OS in the world, lose your life savings. Get blamed for the inherently insecure nature of said currency, and get told to run a different OS from now on. 
@_date: 2019-04-27 21:53:36
LOL. Are there actually people out there who still believe this?
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:40:25
It's still harder than carrying around a debit card. And the negative consequences of losing or destroying the wallet are still far worse than losing or destroying the debit card. 
Things that are "really not that hard" should never be less than obvious to a novice user in any capacity when talking about securing one's funds. It's pretty self-evident how ridiculous this whole space is when the only answer that the "experts" can give to the question of "how do I make sure nobody steals my money" is a combination of "buy this electronic safe and store your money in there" and "make sure you've got a dedicated partition on a computer with Linux on it". 
And the most hilarious part is the deluded self-important idiots that spout the phrase "it's really not that hard" at the beginning of their "advice".
@_date: 2019-04-26 17:12:23
You basically did as much as you could do. The problem (that you learned the hard way) is that despite what the fanatical flock likes to constantly bleet, Cryptocurrencies are among the least secure forms of "money" that exist today, and the answers you are seeing from the most fanatical of crypto advocates in this very thread highlight this fact quite well.
Hopefully the lesson wasn't as expensive for you as it has been for others.
@_date: 2019-04-09 00:17:38
It's always so adorable to see coiners try to compare the technological impact and importance of the internet to their Rube Goldberg funny money. Thanks for the laugh.
@_date: 2019-04-08 13:52:24


You mean ten years wasn't long enough?
@_date: 2019-04-28 04:45:43
Depends on the street value of child porm and meth on a given day.
@_date: 2019-04-09 13:54:47


I would bet that you can't even begin to understand the absolute level of fail that exists in that single sentence. I will give you a hint, though. Only one of those two things is a network (it isn't Bitcoin), and only one of those two things was built from scratch with absolutely no existing technology on which to start (again, Bitcoin would be the wrong answer). 


I'm struggling to even understand what you're trying to say here. The ability for complex, disparate networks to scale was a problem that had already been solved long before Satoshi even put pen to paper to start work on the Bitcoin protocol. The only reason it is problem for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies *now*  is either because Bitcoin developers are incompetent, or the lack of scalability is part of the design of the protocol itself. Considering what Satoshi's whitepaper says about the purpose of Bitcoin and what it purports to do, the answer is most definitely the latter. Which means as much as you proponents like to delude yourselves to think otherwise, mass adoption is not only unlikely, but it is technologically infeasible.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:03:30
No, a Bitcoin based economy would be the same as the current dollar-based economy. Unfortunately, for that to happen, the Bitcoin would have to be the main currency in your home country. 
Essentially, Bitcoin is treated as any other kind of foreign currency, so you have to account for it the same way you would account for other large foreign currency transactions. Unfortunately, multicurrency accounting isn't something most people in the US (even most small or medium-sized businesses) have had to deal with on a day-to-day basis up until recently because most business in the US is done using *only* US Dollars (so, no need for multicurrency accounting). This is creating a massive amount of confusion on how you have to deal with fluctuations in the currency exchange rate (in the American Bitcoin world, that would be the fluctuation in value of Bitcoin compared to US Dollars) in order to properly account for foreign currency gains and losses.
Multicurrency accounting is complex. And what's worse, most standard accounting programs cannot handle multicurrency accounting properly (even some larger, systems don't handle it properly - again because they were written by people who don't have a good grasp on how multicurrency accounting works). 
Without getting into too much detail on how it works, basically every time you exchange a foreign currency for some value (whether it be other currencies, or whether it be some other asset, or whether it be sunday brunch), you have to account for the difference in value of that unit of currency in comparison to your country's home currency between the time you acquired the currency, and the time you gave it away. That difference is your Realized Currency Exchange Gain or Loss (which is taxed as a capital gain or loss).
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:06:17


The laws don't need to change, the tech already exists, and this isn't a tax problem, it is a multi-currency accounting problem. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 04:52:48
US Dollar Audit. The currency equivalent of those "Fifth Amendment Audits" that we see on YouTube all the time. 
Keep fighting the good fight, gentlemen.
@_date: 2018-04-05 05:27:05


Because the value of "x BTC" used in calculating Capital Gains (using your example) is the value *that you paid for it*, not the value that you received for it. So if you paid $100k for the "x BTC", and then you exchange it for $1M worth of "y ETH", then you have to recognize the difference as a $900k Capital Gain. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:47:53


If I was not interested in learning, I wouldn't be challenging your arguments, I would be taking them at face value. 


Like I said, I don't follow either Schiff or Krugman. I simply spent two seconds to look them up and saw that they, indeed, are widely known for work in economics. And as for the Fax/Internet thing - why would an economist be an expert on technology? They are fundamentally two different things. They may lack long-term vision on how specific technology progresses, but that doesn't mean that they lack expertise in how economics and finance work. On the contrary, it would seem that both of them have proven quite decisively that they are quite well versed in how the world of money works.  
Heck, even Bill Gates thought the internet was a fad - I'm sure he had no long-term vision, either, right?  
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:09:13


There's a very subtle difference. For Gold to be used as Currency, it has to contain some other value than its own intrinsic value. If Gold is simply traded as the value per ounce of whatever purity of gold you are trading, then what you're *really* doing is trading a commodity, not money. That's why you can "back" currency with gold, but you can't back gold with currency (you can only exchange it for currency).


Yes, because stagnant currency has no actual purpose. When I say inflation leads to investment, it isn't just personal investment in things like commodities or the stock market I'm talking about. I'm talking about businesses investing in capital projects, or businesses taking on risky ventures. It is business investment itself that drives the economy. Deflationary currency makes the cost for businesses to borrow that currency expensive, which in turn chills business investment. Which in turn slows the economy and makes *all* currency devalue. 


Cryptocurrency doesn't remove the need for all that other infrastructure. That argument is a red herring. There is still a need for lending institutions, tax regulations, security systems, and auditing systems. There is no need for anti-counterfeiting measures *yet* because cryptocurrencies are still in their infancy and are difficult to replicate. The only real thing that cryptocurrencies actually replace is physical cash, which is largely being replaced by electronic funds transfer all over the world, anyway. The only difference is that it takes a very, very small amount of energy to create a unit of cash compared to a unit of crypocurrency. 
Cryptocurrency only ever had one purpose, and that is to replace the need for a central authority (ie, government) to control the production and exchange of currency. It does not replace the need to secure that currency, to audit the business use of that currency, the taxation of that currency, or to control the exchange of that currency with other currencies. 
Bitcoin seems large because it has a very large footprint relative to the actual size of the currency itself. Bitcoin uses almost the same amount of energy and infrastructure that the US Dollar does in aggregate, but it doesn't even handle 1/1000th of a percentage of transactions. I'd hate to see the kind of environmental impact that there would be if the world really did business in Bitcoin to the same degree that it does in US Dollars.


That is not *intrinsic* value, that is *extrinsic* value. Intrinsic value means value within itself. Bitcoin has none. It only has value relative to the things that it can be exchanged for. The same as fiat currency. 


I've done plenty of research. I have a degree in accounting and have done extensive study in economics. I work in accounting systems and deal with multiple currencies (including cryptocurrencies) for large businesses every day. I have probably more real world experience in finance than most people who post in this subreddit.  As for Peter Schiff and Paul Krugman - I don't recall reading anything by them, but very well could have. That you discount two very well recognized experts in economics tells me all I need to know about the common level of knowledge that you have about how money works. I would bet you probably spent more time reading Zeitgeist than any actual economics journal.
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:25:16
See my comments elsewhere in this thread.
In a financial sense (thus, in a taxation sense),  Bitcoin is nothing more than a foreign currency. Tax laws already have generally accepted rules for accounting for foreign currency exchange gains and losses. Accounting systems already exist that deal with the complexity of foreign currency accounting. As far as tax rates go, speculation in volatile markets is a choice the speculator makes, accepting all risks and related tax implications. It's up to the speculator to adjust to that risk, not the government.
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:44:30
You and I are on the same page here, it seems. 


I think you're absolutely correct. Eventually, what I think we'll actually see is cryptocurrencies winding up doing exactly the opposite of what Satoshi intended - becoming centrally-managed government-backed currency. Basically, the US Dollar, or Canadian Dollar, or Euro, or Pound, but with electronic transactions backed by blockchain. 
And that is the real "utility" of Bitcoin - the technology behind it, rather than the thing itself. Blockchain has the potential of being the technology that can make existing systems more robust and more verifiable, but the unit of currency that will be traded will be the equivalent units that current fiat currency trades at, for whatever country issues that currency. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:11:39
Your entire comment is pretty much bang on, and I agree, Bitcoin really isn't a currency in itself (for all the reasons you mention), it is a commodity. The problem with it being a commodity, though, is this:


That is the one fundamental difference with Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) and traditional commodities. They have the latter, but they lack the former. There is no "utility" with Bitcoin, other than whatever the ability exists at a given time to exchange it for something else. 
As a commodity, foreign currencies and cryptocurrencies have the same issue with utility. You correctly identify that foreign currencies are only valuable in countries where they are a standard monetary unit. As long as those countries are stable and have export markets that offer useful goods, then foreign currency has extrinsic value because it can be traded for those goods, or can be traded for your local currency (the value of that trade, again, being tied to the purchasing power of useful goods offered by that foreign export market). If that country destabilizes, shuts down its export market, or in some other way loses the ability to offer useful products for trade, then the value of that foreign currency vanishes. 
Thus is the same thing with cryptocurrencies. They are a commodity, but only insofar as they can be traded for goods. If that ability vanishes, then they become worthless commodities. The market itself for these commodities is externally supported through trade alone.
Gold, copper, lumber, oil, all those can still be used to manufacture goods, so as long as there is the ability to consume a commodity, there will be a market to buy and sell that commodity, which means the market for traditional commodities is self-sustaining.
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:24:19


That's the catch-22 problem with Bitcoin. It was envisioned to be traded as a currency and is billed by many (including its inventor) as a currency, so people see it as a currency. By its own design, though, it is closer to a commodity, because it is not the predominant currency *anywhere*. The problem with seeing it as a commodity is that, unlike traditional commodities, it only exists as something to be traded. It has no functional value of its own the way Oil or Gold or Lumber has. 
Where the problem is exacerbated is that the "commodity" nature of Bitcoin makes it very volatile, and the value fluctuates wildly (compared to most other currencies). The only currencies that see this kind of fluctuation are those that are experiencing either hyperinflation (Russia in the early 90's), or deflation. Couple that with the "currency" nature of it where it is meant to be traded continuously at a much more rapid pace than most traditional commodities, and you have the accounting nightmare that we're talking about. 
Multicurrency accounting systems deal with this well, but even that accounting has a built-in assumption of some level of stability in the currency (making gain/loss recognition something companies can deal with on a quarterly or annual basis, instead of on a daily basis). But without the kind of automation that those accounting systems offer, tracking these gains and losses is absolutely a hassle. 
People interested in that sort of accounting usually live outside the United States. Here in Canada, we have to deal with it all the time, because most Canadian businesses at least deal with US businesses and have to do so in US Dollars. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:32:28
The thing you are missing is that the gain comes from the difference in the price you paid for the house compared to the price at which you sold the house. If you paid $800k for the house when you bought it, and then "sold" the house for $1M later, you have a $200k gain.
And what you get in exchange for your house is immaterial. Whether that $1M is in the form of US Dollars, British Pounds, Bitcoin, Etherium, another house, or a Yacht, it is still considered a "sale" for the purpose of calculating capital gains, *unless* the tax laws *specifically state* otherwise.
@_date: 2018-04-05 05:51:01


Actually, gold isn't money by its own virtue of being gold. Only gold that was actually used in the manufacture of money (by being pressed into coins) was money. However the difference between gold and money is that gold has intrinsic value, so even gold that was never minted into coins would still have value. The same could be said for the penny, if pennies were still manufactured out of pure copper. The value of gold and copper increase over time because there is a finite amount of each in the world. This makes commodities great for saving, but not great for investing.
Fiat money and gold money are both money because they are minted. Money has nothing to do with the intrinsic value of the medium on which that money is manufactured (paper for US Dollars, electronic storage for Bitcoin). It only has extrinsic value, propped up by the market in which it is traded. Generally currencies are inflationary (meaning they lose value over time), so they are good instruments for investing.
And herein lies the issue with cryptocurrencies. In many ways they have inherited the worst attributes of both fiat currency and commodity.  It takes a tremendous amount of energy to create one unit of cryptocurrency, and they are constrained in future growth (making them deflationary), but they have no intrinsic value. A bitcoin cannot be used to make jewelry, or electronics, or really anything else. It is merely a number at the end of a long calculation. The only value a Bitcoin has is the value the market places on it. At the same time, it's usefulness as a currency is limited because deflation constrains investment (investment in this sense is Capital investment - manufacturing, capital projects, doing things that actually *creates* value). 
@_date: 2019-05-09 18:47:17


There. FTFY.