@_author: gabralkhan
@_date: 2014-11-28 12:31:01
No, nothing is apparent until you try to make some action like a transaction, in my case a sharedcoin transaction, then it bugs and when you log back in the account "pouf" all the money is gone in one output transaction.
No fake certificate warning or something that would look abnormal at all but i think it might be possible to manually detect it.
I'm not totally sure of how it was performed, and the Support of BC.info didn't helped at all, the only thing that they could tell it is that it was related to the use of TOR and that they advise to not use it.
Anyway the lesson i learned is No WebWallets, especially with TOR, and be careful of TOR Exit Nodes for sensitive things like money...expensive lesson thought...
@_date: 2014-11-28 12:49:35
Have some respect for the people that really lost money in MtGox or BFL, like myself...
I would bet that you were not even in the people that lost money in Gox or BFL...
Nice to Troll about GAW, and throw some nasty companies name but so far GAW delivered what he promised...And the projects they work on are not more risky or less realistic than any of the dozens altcoins that are created everymonth...
So you can doubt about GAW if you want but we are far from Gox and BFL Problems, that is really a ridiculous assertion, are you really informed of what happened to people with Gox and BFL ? It seems not.
Now your point of view is interesting but is strange, I note that GAW is worth your indignation but not the competitors...
Where is your indignation for ZeusHash or Genesis-Mining, and the others ? Or is it only against GAW that you want to protect the world ?
So far i think you "whislte-blowing" looks like more than Trolling than anything else...I don't even get that you lost your time to make this thread with so much nothing...
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:05:59
I understand very well your disappointment...It happened to me 6-8 weeks ago for an amount in the same range.
MITM through compromised TOR Exit Node to highjack SSL Session.
The only thing to do to avoid that is to not use WebWallets especially with TOR.
Like you i learned that the hard way...
Sorry again for your loss...