@_author: gainerk
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:06:56
I am not sure if people at Circle.com knows what they are doing.
After registration they will probably asking for some Driver license scan or passport scan and a Seflie but their system to take the photos won't work. They have tried different systems but none will work and nobody at Circle will help you. 
They have the worst customer service on market. You can wait forever for an answer. They also say that you can talk over live chat, but the live chat shows up as an option maybe once per week.
They will just send you an email saying that your account is stocked in some anti-fraud filters and after that you can wait for them to take action till the Bitcoin price reach $2,000 :) or till you get old.
They will probably reject your photos/scans as 70% of the people I know that has tried to work with Circle has been rejected for no reason. They are probably proud with their anti-fraud system but they are actually reject legit accounts.
Lately they hired the Ex-JPMorgan Transactions Exec, Paul Camp. It seams that they are looking for some other things too than what actually Bitcoin means.
We just hope that Circle.com (Circle Financial) is not the new MtGox.
Take care
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:17:08
Hello I am not sure if people at Circle.com knows what they are doing. After registration they will probably asking for some Driver license scan or passport scan and a Seflie but their system to take the photos won't work. They have tried different systems but none will work and nobody at Circle will help you. They have the worst customer service on market. You can wait forever for an answer. They also say that you can talk over live chat, but the live chat shows up as an option maybe once per week. They will just send you an email saying that your account is stocked in some anti-fraud filters and after that you can wait for them to take action till the Bitcoin price reach $2,000 :) or till you get old. They will probably reject your photos/scans as 70% of the people I know that has tried to work with Circle has been rejected for no reason. They are probably proud with their anti-fraud system but they are actually reject legit accounts. Lately they hired the Ex-JPMorgan Transactions Exec, Paul Camp. It seams that they are looking for some other things too than what actually Bitcoin means. We just hope that Circle.com (Circle Financial) is not the new MtGox. Take care