@_author: galapagos3
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:52:58
What a story this has turned into!
Based on what I've read the last few days I think this is all about getting loans with SN's bitcoins as collateral. The scam is pretty brilliant actually. SN is rich, not much is known about him, he can't touch his money or make himself known as it could cause a market crash, and you can prove your him by signing something with a private key known to belong to him. If you read up on what is known about SN and you can do the signing you have a good chance of getting some serious credit.
The signing bit should be impossible, but since any hint that SN is about to spend his bitcoins could cause a market crash the lender is very likely to agree to a live demonstration where you can control what's happening. It also makes sense that the signed text is not allowed to leave the room as it indicates that SN is alive and well and may start spending his bitcoins any time.
I think this is what Wright has been up to for a few years or so. He read up on SN, created a magic trick where it looked like he was signing something with SN's key and used it all to lend money with SN's fortune as collateral.
Eventually Wright being SN leaked, despite NDAs. His scam could not stand up to the scrutiny of the whole world and he was labeled a fraud. The people who got scammed probably wanted their money back and Wright got into financial troubles.
At this point I think Wright decided to go even deeper with his scam. Instead of the bitcoins being untouchable due to a potential market crash following an identification of SN the money where now untouchable because they where in a trust. Wright then attempted, and succeeded, to convince some key bitcoin people to vouch for him to recover from the credibility blow when his fabricated evidence where uncovered. After building this fairly strong case for him being SN I think he expected the real SN to actually help him out by moving some bitcoins from the early blocks. This would cement Wright as SN and the real SN could continue his anonymous existence. This is of course a big chance to take but at this point Wright had nothing to lose, he was considered a fraud and probably had serious financial problems. Had it succeeded he could have continued with the scam till at least 2020 when the trust was supposed to release the funds.