@_author: galacticcow
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:33:07
Cool, nice to see some contrasting opinions on this.
For  it's mostly a psychological thing.  You can say "oh, here's a few thousand satoshi," but in reality you're thinking "this is just like a billionth of a bitcoin.  It's nothing."  With dogecoin, if I give you 300 dogecoins (about 30 cents), it is psychologically better.  Therefore, dogecoin lends itself to being superior as a tipping currency to bitcoin.  It's the thougt that counts.
For  I agree it's mostly an opinion thing -- tradeoffs and whatnot.  However, there is a big problem that's not being addressed on the bitcoin side -- money being lost.  Ulimately, bitcoin might not function in the long run because people will lose their bitcoins.  Eventually, the world's supply of bitcoins will dissappear.  Not really the thing to be thinking about with a "currency meant to overwrite all existing fiat".  On the other hand, dogecoin has a steady stream of low inflation, to counter hoarded/lost coins.
For  could you clarify what you mean by "centralization due to higher ratio of block propogation speed to blockrate"?  Do you mean the creation of new coins through block creation?  In that case just reduce hte block reward -- the key is total coins circulated per hour, so that doesn't matter if it's 20 dollars an hour over 6 blocks, or 20 dollars an hour over 20 blocks.
I say this is a key plus because the most important advantage cryptocurrencies have over fiat is fast internet transactions.  Transactions, mind you, that don't have to rely on a third party (*cough like paypal cough*).  If I, for instance, walk into a pizza store and send 10,000 dogecoins to the pizza store wallet, they can confirm it on an average of 30 seconds, vs an average of 5 minutes.  That's a lot more viable for real world transactions than bitcoin.  
For  the counter to this is GPU supply, and number of miners.  Sure, someone could get 1000 GPUs and set up a farm.  That's not even a fraction of 1 percent of the current, ever-increasing hashrate.  To launch an attack, you'd have to have multiple tens if not hundreds of thousands of GPUs.  The problem with that is that there is a shortage of GPUs on the market at any given time because of such operations.  It's virtually impossible to get enough GPUs to do so.  And if it isn't, you'll be hard-pressed to find yourself with a situation where there's only one person with this idea, therefore there's competition.  Furthermore all the talk of that problem is also just speculation, there's no evidence this could actually happen besides extremely speculative economics.
@_date: 2014-03-02 02:09:52
So does bitcoin then have a completely perfect standard then?  Seems as if no good aspect of currency is good for you.  You're against a crowdsourced mining rather than a company-owned ASIC mining.  You're against inflation (which still baffles me, if we actually want to USE the coins and create economic development we almost imperatively need inflation).  You're against FAST TRANSACTION RATES, which baffles me even more!  The ONLY reason I'd ever use crypto to buy things is fast transactions that don't need confirmation by sketchy third parties.
Bitcoin was the first, and Satoshi had no idea what the perfect numbers were.  He just put some numbers in and launched it.  Meanwhile, coins like dogecoin (which is used to the extent that it rivals and even surpasses bitcoin occasionally), are built to say "look, bitcoin doesn't have a perfect protocol.  Let's build on their successes and try to make a better coin."
The ONLY reason bitcoin is superior is because it's the first.  That's the only reason.  
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:10:24
Is Bitpay an exchange like cryptsy, or an exchange like MtGox?  Or a middleman like Paypal?
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:33:09
Huh.  So if I wanted to buy bitcoin without having to do all the proof of residency and stuff, could I just make a bitpay account and buy bitcoins with my debit card?
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:04:57
I'm not sure if you follow but they retracted that.  In this thread, as a matter of fact.  They no longer are blocking said sales.  Case in point.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:53:02
It's more like the term "retard" though: originally used as a non-derogatory term, but because of negative connotations eventually devolved into a derogatory term.  Though people ended up still using it because they weren't aware that it has negative connotations.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:25:02
It's definitely a derogatory term.  I would feel offended if someone called me a noob today, even if I was technically one.  It used to be legitimate, now it's gone the same route as other terms like "retard" and "moron", which used to be scientific terms for intellectual disabilities until they became derogatory.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:22:22
Huh.  Do you need to go through all the tax stuff like with MtGox, or is it just "Drop money, get coins and vice versa"?
@_date: 2014-01-11 00:44:30
Also, the big thing I'd like to point out is:  Why would paypal ban bitcoin?  paypal makes a fair lump of money off of various transaction fees.  In that sense, wouldn't lots of transactions through bitcoin make paypal more money?
Paypal has no motive!
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:03:30
Please elaborate, I hold bitcoin but I do agree that dogecoin and other long-term inflationary, low-value currencies have a slight edge on bitcoin in some ways.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:49:31
1:  You're right, it is a tradeoff.  However, I see dogecoins not replacing Bitcoin but complementing them.  Dogecoins have already established themselves as a tipping currency -- there's even a significant tipping culture on reddit and other sites like youtube and tumblr.  The large number makes it more...not practical necessarily, or even advantageous, but aesthetically important to tip them rather than bitcoin.
2:  The problem is that no one has seen Satoshi nakamoto for years.  One significant advantage a lot of coins have on Bitcoin is an open development team.  Frequent client updates, security updates, economic updates.  I could say "theoretical and not practical" for a lot of your arguments as well, so that's hardly an excuse to justify deflationary currency.  Though I agree that it's really just a matter of opinion and speculation -- cryptocurrency is such a new thing that any economic speculation should be taken with a grain of salt.  Scratch that, a whole shaker full of salt.
3:  I don't see this as a huge problem.  Mining will always be pooled, but even 3% hashrate pools can survive in the dogecoin mining world.  I get just as much doge/day on the 3% pool as on the biggest pools like DogeHouse.  Furthermore, I'd say the user benefit outweighs the miner benefit.  With scrypt and the inflation rate, mining will always be viable for many people, IMO.
4:  True, though I think it's already hard enough that it's really impractical.  It's much more cost-efficient to do that with a smaller coin, if you really want to 51+ attack a coin.  There's no incentive whatsoever to attack the 4th largest coin when you can attack the 70th for a fraction of the cost and risk.
One other advantage to dogecoin is a clean history.  Bitcoin is fraught with money laundering, Silk Road, fraud, theft, etc.  Dogecoin had one online wallet hacked 10 days in.  That's it.  Dogecoin contributions have been donated to huge public projects and events.
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:07:07
I don't get the hate.  Has Paypal harmed YOU in any way?  If not, then stop hating, they run a perfectly fine business that I've personally bought lots of bitcoins through.
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:35:31
You're not the one who decides if it's derogatory, the one being called "noob" is.  And even though it is short for newbie, like many legitimate terms, it has decayed into a general insult for all the bad things, ignorance, etc. associated with being new.  It's like...I'm white, I don't get to say "dude, "nigger" isn't derogatory!  It's just short for the archaic term "negro"!"  Nope.  As someone who is new to bitcoin, I am somewhat offended and put off by the term "noob".  Therefore noob is derogatory.  I would imagine that a lot of others share my sentiment.
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:04:23
 * High quantity allowing for whole-number transactions (100 doge vs .00461 bitcoin).
 * Steady inflation capped at 5 percent, which creates incentive to use and spend rather than hoard, and encourages always mining (The ideal currency is an inflationary one, that's why the US dollar, Yuan, etc. are all inflationary, and why slow inflation is sought after by government economists.  You can debate whether this is good or bad for a cryptocurrency, but I see it as a plus).
 * Fast transaction speed -- block time is 1 minute rather than 10 minutes (so if you want to buy something with dogecoin, the confirmation takes at most 1 minute, while with bitcoin it takes at most 10 minutes)
 * Scrypt hashing algorithm -- resistant to ASICs because of memory requirement.  GPU mining is possible and is speculated to remain forever viable, because an ASIC for scrypt only offers minor rewards over a GPU.  GPU supply is also limited, limiting the short-term viability of huge server farms and possibly helping it against the 50%+1 attack.
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:20:16
Never, as far as I've heard.
My advice?  Store your coins on your mining rig.  That's the compute that you installed linux on specifically to mine and nothing else.  If the only sites you've ever gone are MtGox and Cryptsy, then chances are you're not going to get infected with malware that will steal your shit.  Better yet, transfer the wallet.dat file with a USB when you want to do anything with your coins.
@_date: 2014-01-11 17:57:17
"You aren't allowed to sell virtual goods using paypal"
What?  I literally just bought a power charger for my phone using paypal.  That means the supplier just sold said charger through paypal.
On another system, I bought Minecraft, a virtual good, a few years ago using paypal.  Is Mojang not allowed to sell Minecraft over Paypal?  Because it's been like 5 years and it's still doing it.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:19:30


Right on target. You caught us, all dogecoin holders are the same.  We're all a stereotypical, homogeneous population that obviously is bent to destroy the very establishment of bitcoin by giving away free money and introducing casual users to cryptocurrency while being overwhelmingly supportive and optimistic.  The cat's out of the bag now, guys, we can be serious and condescending and prejudiced now!
I should obviously join the community that immediately stereotypes me as a "fucking cancer".
Maybe what you need is a hug.  *hug*.  And also some beer money.  +40 doge verify.  Convert it to bitcoin/fiat at your leisure.
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:16:26
No.  There are plenty of software engineers who specialize specifically in efficient algorithms, or low-level programming in non-security areas.  Security is kind of a separate branch of CS -- an important one, yes, but a separate one nonetheless.
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:12:22
Alright.  Saving this post for when dogecoin surpasses bitcoin.
We agree to disagree.  I believe the advantages of dogecoin are clear and enormous, and meme-basis is beneficial for marketing.