@_author: gale_boetticher_9
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:35:10
A few people have mentioned the idea of decentralization.
Just to make sure I understand what you mean, are you saying:
(a) You'd like to see the site available available via a .onion link, so as to avoid a DNS system that makes me vulnerable to domain seizure at the registrar level or do you mean...
(b) You'd like to see each transaction written to a public blockchain that's shared amongst a large number of nodes, similar to how Bitcoin operates?
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:45:44
Whoa! That's some fascinating reading. I know this is probably super naive, but I had no idea you could embed conditions into a Bitcoin transaction. I thought that kind of high level stuff was only possible with Ethereum. When I was studying an article on how to create the binary format of the transaction, it simply provided a default script for me to always use. Guess I should have inferred that since it's a script, it has significantly more power.
I'm going to have to mull over how this would work in my case. In the example you gave, there are two parties: The grandson and the grandpa. But in a commodities exchange you could have a single buyer facing off against 4-5 difference sellers. Or maybe I just focus on the deposit/withdrawal side of the equation? I'm not sure. Ideally I'd like to have a scenario where neither the user nor I have possession of the private keys associated with the users' deposits. We'd both know only the public addresses and I'd maintain the ledger. Only the trusted third party would know the private keys.
It's a lot for me to take in but I'll keep plugging away. Thanks for pointing me in the right direction! I think we could be on to something here.
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:06:22
Please don't try to hack it,  I'd love to have your beta test feedback though!
@_date: 2017-08-29 00:46:07
Hey, I just saw the "unhandled exception" that was generated when you tried to place your trade. Kind of a subtle bug you identified for me (thanks so much!) but I think I fixed it.  I hope. Could you try again and let me know what happens?
Send me a PM with all the gory details. :)
Thanks for testing the site. I never would've found that one on my own.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:20:05
Sounds easy enough. I'll can do that.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:31:44
Hey, I liked Gale! He was super smart and a libertarian. Things didn't end too well for poor Gale in "Breaking Bad" but if he would've survived there's no doubt in my mind he'd be using Bitcoin for something cool. :)
I like what you're doing with the API. One of the items on my TODO list is to "hedge out" some of the risk I'd (hypothetically) being taking on my site by taking an offsetting position in the "real" futures markets. I'm thinking of going with Interactive Brokers. Their API looks solid.
As for Kraken.. I'm investigating them too but for a different reason. I've got all of this BCH that I got as part of the fork and want to swap it for BTC. Coinbase doesn't handle BCH so thoght Kraken might be safe bet.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:46:24
Not denying the (hopefully temporary) wide spreads but I'd like to follow up your "margin closing" comment. I try to set the LTD (last trading day) of each contract as well as daily settlement prices to be an exact match with the actual futures contract as reported by the exchanges or as shown in Bloomberg or Wall Street Journal. The contracts aren't closed or settled arbitrarily, if that's the concern. Perhaps I should make that clearer on the site.
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:24:14
Hi Bob,
You've got the right idea.
Every time you go long a contract, there's a seller on the opposite side of that trade betting against you and taking a short position, or liquidating an existing long position. The longs/shorts are matched exactly at all times. This is in contrast to the equity (e.g. stock) markets where the vast majority players are net long. 
When you decide to take a position, whether long or short, a Bitcoin-denominated margin requirement is imposed. If you don't have enough in funds to satisfy the margin requirement, you can't place the trade. And of course that same margin requirement is also applied to the party that took the opposite side of your trade. 
As for who holds the Bitcoin...
Each time you make a deposit, a new address is provided for you. You can then send Bitcoin to that address. After two confirmations, the funds show up in your "bank" and you can either: (a) move those funds to a trading account or (b) invest them in a hedge fund / pool. If you have excess funds that you don't need to satisfy margin requirements, you simply move them back to your bank, execute a withdrawal, specify the Bitcoin address to which you'd like the funds sent, and the funds are transmitted to you.
The system protects users from one another and shields their identities but the unsolved problem is: The user needs to trust me, as the site operator, during the brief period that their coins are on my books. That's a tricky one and I don't yet have an answer other than to say I'll likely have to partner up with some other entity that's earned the Bitcoin community's trust prior to launching. 
Hope this helps! 
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:07:38
That's a legitimate concern. 
For what it's worth, you'll see if you try to place a trade that there's a limiter in place which prevents you from buying at a price well above the real market (as determined by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange) or selling too far below it. I did this to avoid market manipulation. The market for Crude Oil is at 46.38 right now, for example. A buy order at 56 would be rejected for being out of range. But a sell/limit order at that price would be accepted and just sit in the queue.
But I guess that doesn't really answer your chief concern which is: Can't I, as the site's designer, find a way to cheat the system? Right now there's so little money involved that it's a non-issue, but yes, you're right. I haven't found a legit answer to this question yet other than to say if this thing ever really launches, it would probably have to be in coordination with another company that the Bitcoin community trusts. If I can't find a suitable partner, this "trust issue" could indeed be an insurmountable hurdle for me. I'd effectively be operating at the same trust level as the Bitcoin mixers you see via Tor. If you have any ideas, I'm open.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:50:37
There's a LOT of money in that business. I know of some guys who installed a transmitter/dish in a weeded field in Chicago with direct line of site to CME datacenter, just to shave a few microseconds off of their transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:42:14
Excellent point.
Unfortunately in the USA, even accepting Bitcoin can in some circumstances bring one under the umbrella of KYC laws. And worse, the hedge fund / pooling capabilities could invite SEC scrutiny.
I researched things a bit and it seems the way to go is:
- All servers offshore.
- Categorize site as a "trading game."
- Accept Bitcoin only, no fiat.
- When launching pool capabilities, NEVER do direct advertising to US-based customers.
Even then, one has to take care when dealing with the USA market.
At this point, I'm just testing for fun but to take things to the next level I'll need some sound legal advice.
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:54:08
Ha, no these all settle in cash (Bitcoin to be specific), kind of like what you see in the OTC swaps market. There are no physical deliveries to be made or accepted.
If you click on the 'Specs' tab of any market, you'll see that market's cash multiplier. The multiplier for Crude Oil for example is 1 MBTC. So if I buy 1 contract of Crude at 46.50 and sell it at 47.00, the profit is (47.00-46.50) * 1 MBTC = .50 MBTC... which equates to about $2.15. 
As you can see, the contracts are super tiny in size. The lack of per-contract regulatory fees (exchange fees $.50/trade, NFA fees .07/trade), execution fees, brokerage fees, etc makes these tiny contracts feasible -- but whether or not the general public has an appetite for such a small contract size is unknown at this point. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:00:38
Hi Chris,
I'm not 100% committed to the theory but here's what led me to that line of thinking.
A few years back, I started loading up on BTC using funds drawn upon from a corporate account at a US bank. No enormous purchases. $8k here, $9k there, month after month. One day I get this letter from the bank asking if I'm running a MSB (Money Service Business). Running an MSB of course can subject one to KYC regs.
I told the bank I was buying BTC as a hobby and not running an MSB. And that's 100% the truth. I was. And still am. The corporate account used to buy the BTC is totally unaffiliated with any MSB activities.
The question is: Is this little exchange I'm testing an MSB? According to wikipedia:
"A money services business (MSB) is a legal term used by financial regulators to describe businesses that transmit or convert money. The definition was created to encompass more than just banks which normally provide these services to include non-bank financial institutions."
Is BTC considered "money"? When a user performs a withdrawal and I send him BTC, am I "transmitting money"? Honestly, I have no idea. Neither did the person I spoke with at the bank. But they said if there's any doubt, I should register as an MSB. That's when I realized I'd probably be best off operating outside US borders -- to sidestep the whole MSB question. My suspicion is that if I were to start dealing in fiat currency, I'd still be an MSB *regardless* of where I'm operating. But with strictly BTC? I'm thinking probably not.
Anyway, that's my (possibly errant) logic.
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:42:31
Hi there,
The server side is written in C# and the client side is written in HTML5/CSS/JS. Thought this would be a fun way to reinforce my programming skills and learn more about Bitcoin in a way that leveraged my passion for the futures markets and hedge fund accounting (yeah, I know -- kind of a niche interest).
It's just a hobby project for now but a handful of testers and I are having some fun with it. We traded a binary "Mayweather vs MacGregor" contract a couple nights back. :)
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:35:44
Fair point. I just tried to change the subject to "zero fee" instead of "zero cost" but couldn't seem to do it.
And yeah, bid/ask spreads are way too wide now during this test. With more traders (if I decide to actually launch this thing) the spreads should narrow significantly. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:58:43
Ha, yeah, I'm a pretty old guy. 
C++ was my game back in the 1990's when I was developing Windows apps for commodities investors. Then Microsoft came out with .NET around 99/2000 and I switched to C I've been using it ever since. I know there are a ton of other languages out there that are more popular (e.g. Python, etc.) but I feel like I've had good luck with C# for nearly two decades and I enjoy it. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:30:26
Apparently you're not alone. Moderator ended up deleting my original post. :(
Oh well, for what it's worth, I think it could've been a fun idea.
@_date: 2017-08-29 04:06:51
Hmm. Looks like my original post was [removed]. Apparently it violated a community guideline so I deleted. Sorry if it was off-topic. 
If anyone can still see this thread, thanks for all the suggestions and help you provided me today. It was much appreciated. Today alone with your help I was able to identify and fix a few bugs.
Keep in touch!
@_date: 2017-08-29 00:16:03
Ah, but remember, this is a futures site, not a securities site.
With a securities site, there are actual deliverables. When I login to CoinBase.com, for example, I have to deliver USD or EUR and the exchange delivers Bitcoin. Or vice versa if I'm selling. Same thing on the NASDAQ. I deliver cash, and in return, I expect a delivery of shares of stock or some other security.
Futures are very different. When I buy a Oct-2017 Crude Oil contract, I'm not actually buying oil. I'm buying the right to take possession of an amount of cash on a specific date in October, where the amount of cash is equal to the difference between the settlement price of oil on that future settlement date and my buy price. The cash I receive on that date will be positive if the price of oil rises above my buy price or negative if the price falls. The seller executing the other side of the trade enters into that same agreement at the same time you do, but he's responsible for *delivering* the cash instead of receiving it. So while you want the price to go up, your opposing seller wants the price to go down.
In practice, traders rarely hold an open position until delivery. They exit their trade early -- often times minutes or hours later. This is called an offset. When you fully offset your trade, there's no further risk to you. The profit/loss is locked in and booked to your account.
Unlike securities trading, futures trading is a "zero sum game." Every long has an opposing short. For every profit in your account, there's a equal and opposite loss in someone else's account(s). The profit/loss summed across users of the site will always net to zero at any given time.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:17:35
Oh shoot, ok, thanks for the tip! Gotta make sure I get that abbreviation right on the site too!
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:06:56
Good call. 
I do have a few connections in the futures industry with the legal background to help navigate the US regulatory maze -- but for now I'm just focusing on simple, mundane tasks like: 
- making sure the registration mechanism works
- ensuring the trades are margined and settled properly
- relaying trade notifications
- speeding up my slow-as-heck site
My thought is: I want to approach potential/future partners with something that works, offshore and on a small scale, before jumping to next step. I feel like I have only one chance to get this right so want to knock out as many of the bugs as I can in this phase. And if I fail, I want to "fail quickly" as the business gurus like to say!
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:41:40
Yes, that's exactly right. The official settlement values are public info available via Bloomberg, CNBC, and the major commodity exchanges. I always use their official values.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:22:43
Sorry, no oranges for you. :)
The contracts settle in cash (Bitcoin) with no physical delivery. You'll be credited or debited a cash amount equal to the difference between your buy and sell price but you'd never be asked to take or make delivery of oranges.
Orange Juice futures on traditional markets, like what Eddie Murphy traded, work the same way but they settle in USD instead of Bitcoin. The key difference is that with traditional futures exchanges, on a specified "notice date," if you're long, you'll be expected to take delivery of the orange juice at a future date, and if you're short, you'll be expected to *make* delivery of the OJ. This works well for orange growers trying to sell and on the opposing side, large purchasers who need to buy OJ in bulk. But the largest share of commodities traders by far are speculators looking to capitalize on the price move; They liquidate their position prior to the "notice date" and don't get involved in the delivery process.
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:37:42
Thanks, dbsh2. I'll add Oanda to my list of FCMs to investigate.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:13:30
Sweet! Do you mind if I ask which brokerage firm you use and/or what exchange(s) you're trading on?
@_date: 2018-02-21 23:48:21
I've reached the same conclusion. I love talking tech with other development hobbyists and pros, and admittedly I'm way behind the curve in terms of keeping up with the latest languages -- but when it comes down to it, I don't think users care one way or the other what language/tech is running on the backend. 
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:33:05
I'll have to figure out where they're based. Half the battle with projects like this is finding a business-friendly jurisdiction for the servers.
@_date: 2018-02-21 23:22:06
Hi there!
Futures trade just like the moneyline but with a couple of benefits:
(1) You can sell short.
(2) In a market with lots of participants, which I don't yet have, the bid/ask spread will be very narrow. The odds should in theory be more beneficial to the gambler/trader since there's no casino to take a cut.
In the case of the contract you mentioned, "MMA.Ortega-Beats-Edgar":
Bid: 39.90
Ask: 40.10
This contract will settle at 100.00 if the condition is satisfied, that is, if Ortega beats Edgar.
If the condition fails and Edgar wins, the contract will settle at 0.00
If you bet on Ortega, you'd be buying at 40.10, hoping for a profit of 59.90 (100-40.10).
If you bet on Edgar, you'd be selling at 39.90, hoping for a profit of 39.90 (39.90 - 0). In this case, you'd have to put up 60.1, since that's the maximum amount you can lose.
These bid/ask prices are used instead of the moneyline convention because they behave like a market to people who are used to trading stocks and futures, and enable the trader to easily sell short. These prices track directly with the moneyline. In the case of betting on Ortega, where you'd be earning 59.90 on an investment of 40.10, that's the equivalent of having a moneyline of +149 (50.90/40.10) * 100. And indeed, if you lookup the odds of Ortega beating Edgar on a gambling site like OddsShark, you'll see that most casinos are quoting +150 moneyline, with the worst quoting +130.
If the futures prices ever get out of line with the moneylines at the major casinos, it would make for an easy arbitrage opportunity so this should (in theory) never happen in perfect market (if there is such a thing).
Hope this makes sense!
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:23:10
I really like it. Coming from a C++ background it was pure joy for me, but yeah, I know what you mean. I guess the hot language these days in Python? And yeah, typing C# code might be the cause of the arthritis. Dang, I knew I should've chosen Visual Basic!
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:02:51
My boss had a meeting with some dudes over at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange a few weeks back, and they're pretty enthused about Bitcoin futures right now. I get the sense that offering options wasn't quite on their radar yet.
My personal opinion is that Bitcoin is so incredibly volatile that options premiums would be through the roof. Shorting/writing the options might be a good strategy but the margin requirements to do so would be prohibitively high.
To answer your question though, no, there's no need for an ETF to be launched prior to offering options. The CME could launch futures options today if they wanted to. If I had to guess, you'll initially see options availability from the CBOE.
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:03:23
Hey, thanks for the kind words!
Although I'd love to do stocks, from a regulatory standpoint I don't think I could pull it off. When you trade a stock, a security is changing hands and that change of ownership needs to be logged by a central clearinghouse that everyone recognizes. A random guy like me could never gain access to that clearinghouse without jumping through major hoops.
Compare that to futures where no ownership changes take place. It's simple a bet on the price of some underlying asset. That's a much simpler case and can be done with no dependence on an outside clearing firm. So I'll probably have to stick with futures.


Now that's a possibility but even in this case, the bet would be on the price direction of the metal with no physical delivery of the metal itself. If the metal has a corresponding futures contract at the CME (or any well known futures exchange), I could add it to the site.
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:15:27
No, that's probably the direction I *should've* taken though.
I wasn't aware of NBitcoin. I just delved into the Bitcoin BIP documents and learned the transaction format and tried to duplicate the serialization in C At some level, I guess I was just enamored with the BTC protocol and structure and wanted to see how it worked 'under the hood.' This project is kind of the result of that learning process.
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:26:20
Heck yeah, any friend of bacon is a friend of mine.
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:19:19
Pretty much, yeah. :(
If I ever decide to launch this thing for real and participation is strong, that bid/ask spread should shrink.
The only bids and offers you're seeing on there right now are apparently from (a) a small handful of testers that I drummed up on IRC and (b) one or two bots.
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:06:40
None yet, but it's always nice to have something to look forward to.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:31:40
Will do. Thanks for the tip.
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:07:20
Oh, that's great to hear! I haven't worked in a corp environment for many years so wasn't sure. It just seems like whenever I'm looking at Bitcoin-related code that someone has posted (or in a BIP) it's frequently in Python. I figured C# had fallen out of favor for some reason.
Python must be a great language. But it would have to be frigging amazing to get me to switch from C# :) 
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:10:32
I'm horrible at marketing. Here's what happened.
I looked for ad networks a couple days ago that accept Bitcoin because I wanted to keep things anonymous. I found BitMedia.io and put $50 worth of Bitcoin in there for an ad campaign. It says I generated 9,000 "impressions" and like 20 "clicks."
The thing is though, I looked at those so called "clicks" and a good fraction of them are coming from servers at Amazon. How many legit users are browsing the web (using Internet Explorer, no less) from AMZ servers. Not too many, I'd guess. 
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:27:35
Totally agree, I've been using it for 18yrs and still love it. Glad to hear it's still being used actively!
 
@_date: 2018-02-23 16:23:59
I added Bech32 support for my futures site:
I'm still testing it with some kind-hearted people I met here on Reddit, but several users have made deposits and withdrawals to/from Bech32 addresses without any issues. Here's where I described the project:
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:51:36
For whatever reason, I've seen a number of posts lately introducing new products where the poster introduces himself or herself as a teen: "I'm 16 and I designed a Bitcoin app for tracking x"... Figured it might be a nice change of pace to hear from an old fart. :) 
Will check out CBD. Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:04:26
Can't get beyond 99.2% ... Don't get me wrong. 99.2% is really pure. It's a figure I'm proud of. I once knew a guy who could get to 99.6% purity. His product was blue though :(
The difference between 99.6 and 99.2 might not seem like a lot. But it is. It's huge.
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:45:56
Naw man, 45 legit human years. I hated being 16. My parents gave me an old Toyota Cressida to drive and I was the laughing stock of the neighborhood. 16 was no good. Middle-age is much more interesting...
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:39:29
You should end up at bitfutures.co. Was told it's better to use .co instead of .io for offshore crypto sites so I'm switching everything over.
If you're NOT ending up at .co, I've made an error somewhere along the line. Will research.
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:51:26
Arthritis is *always* relevant. If you or someone you love suffers from arthritis, ask your doctor if Abatacept is right for you. Side Effects include Cough; dizziness; headache; itching, pain, redness or swelling at the injection site; infusion reaction during or shortly after treatment (including blood pressure changes, chest pain, difficulty breathing and hives); sore throat.
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:11:23
That site is awesome! Thanks for pointing it out.
I *wish* I could design something like that. One nice thing they can do as a larger company that I can't as an individual hobbyist is deal with the regs and rules related to handling fiat. It would just be overwhelming for me. I think I can learn a lot by studying their site though. Thanks for the tip. They obviously have some seriously talented programmers.
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:48:00
I'm in the same position. It really is odd, isn't it? It would be interesting to know the psychology behind it.
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:21:19
Gotcha. Thanks for the trying in any case!
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:31:43
Thanks swapman, I appreciate the input. 
I've been using a free Javascript component called HighCharts for the charts. I'll check out TradingView. I had always wondered how GDAX creates those sweet interactive charts. Thanks for the tip!


No fees to trade. As far as the revenue model goes... Working with CTAs (Commodity Trading Advisors) for many years and more recently with sports book experts in Vegas, I've noticed that there are a lot of very talented traders and speculators who could make serious money charging investors for their services. The problem is they don't know how to build and manage a pool, charge the fees, set up a regulated entity, comply with various laws, etc.
So with BitFutures, that type of trader could create his own Internet-only pool in a matter of minutes. He could decide what fees to charge. He'd get payed in Bitcoin, and totally anonymously. I'd get 25% of those fees. As their volume increases, my rate would go down sharply and eventually hit zero.
But to make this model work I need traders and market makers and liquidity. Those traders add tremendous value, even if they never decide to start a pool. That's why I don't want them to pay a fee.


That's the question I have yet to answer. I touched on this in more detail in another response but the fundamental problem I'm facing is:
I can't attract market makers without a steady supply of users and casual traders. But I can't attract traders without market makers. So it's a 'chicken and egg' situation :(


Yes, each day all contracts will close at the price of the same underlying product at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Final settlement on the LTD (last trading day) will match official settlement at the CME.
For sports book binaries which settle at 0.00 or 100.00, settlement will match settlements at major casinos.
Margin requirements for traditional futures are based on the margin requirements posted by the CME. The contracts on my site are tiny compared to those traded on real exchanges, but the margin requirement as a percentage of total contract value will be the same -- actually a bit higher.
Margin requirements for binaries is 100%. Buying a contract at 40 will have a margin requirement of 40. Shorting at 40 will have a margin requirement of 60.


BitFutures is always keeping an eye on the underlying price at the CME. Trades at prices outside of a reasonable range are rejected automatically. 
Further, if there's an interest in this project, I can also build out an API which would let traders stream bid/ask prices from BitFutures, compare them against the "true" price at the CME, and arbitrage accordingly. My thinking is that this arb would prevent prices from getting too far out of whack intraday since again, daily and final settlements *always* take place at the official CME price.
There are still a lot of weaknesses in my strategy but like you alluded above, so many of these problems could be solved simply by adding liquidity and traders. But how do I do that? I'm still not sure.
@_date: 2018-02-22 01:23:45
Well shoot, if you ever do a side project, keep me posted. I'll participate. 45yr old arthritics need to stick together.
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:17:41
Sure thing. Let's do it. I'm always looking for people to test with. Send me a quick email if you don't mind. I'm turning in for the night pretty soon but will be back online tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:29:44
Hey, thanks friend! I was really excited about Augur when it was announced but got tired of waiting for them. It's really impressive what they're doing but if I understand correctly, users need to buy a special ETH token to use it, correct? I've focused so much on Bitcoin I'm a bit behind the curve when it comes to ETH and it's interesting use cases.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:46:38
Technically, they're not oil futures. Users can't take delivery of oil or make delivery. The Crude Oil contract is technically a swap contract based upon a numeric index that settles each day based upon the value posted by Chicago Mercantile Exchange. So it's a derivative on a derivative.
These contracts are more akin to OTC swaps than true futures.
Also, I've been advised that when/if I ever launch this thing, I'll need to avoid soliciting US customers or advertising as a futures shop. Either that, or I eliminate the traditional futures entirely and focus on binaries.
@_date: 2018-02-22 01:37:19
I don't claim to be an expert but, according to what I've read, a domain owner is less likely to run into legal/seizure problems with .co domains (Columbia). Ironic, isn't it? Columbia of all places. 
Again, I don't really have the full scoop on this but I'm told from people that I trust that when it comes to crypto, one is best off registering domains where the TLD DNS servers are physically located outside of US/EU.
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:26:52
I really do hope so. :) 
I saw how much press that 16yr old girl got for writing that sweet crypto app and I was like, "Man, she's on to something. She may be younger and/or smarter than I, but I have something she doesn't: arthritis!" 
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:07:16


No. It's funny I was telling another futures buddy of mine a couple weeks ago that I need market makers. The thing is, no one would want to waste their time as a market maker when there are no users. And no users want to waste their time if there are no market makers.
So I've got this weird chicken-and-egg thing going on.


This one I actually did anticipate. If you attempt this, you'll get a "no self-dealing allowed" error and the order will be rejected. Or at least that's what's supposed to happen. If you were able to self-trade somehow then I've messed up somewhere and I need to fix it. Email me for details.


The account enters "liquidation-only" mode in one of three circumstances:
- margin call
- zero or negative balance
- redemption delinquency: This is something that applies only to pools and occurs in situations where the pool's investors are trying to redeem but the pool operator has too many positions on to facilitate the redemption and refuses to unload the positions.


Yes, you're anonymous so you could walk away. 
This is the one that I haven't quite figured out. It's not really an issue now because I only let people trade in limited quantities and I use a higher margin requirement than the CME does. Further, I have enough BTC of my own that I could personally cover any negative balances that occur.
Before launching this thing (if I ever do), the way I plan to handle this is: When a margin call is hit, that is, when you're below maintenance margin, instead of entering "liquidation only" mode, you'll be force liquidated.
To which you may ask: "But what if it's a flash crash, people are panicking, and there's no bids/offers to handle the liquidation."
I don't have an answer for that yet. :( I've been kicking around ideas. I'm thinking that I'd personally take the opposing side of the trade at my own risk and then simultaneously hedge it out in the 'real' markets at the CME via the Interactive Brokers API. This is where it would be handy to have market makers though -- just to ensure that there was always a buyer and seller available.
In the final analysis, if I can't come up with a solution to the problem, I'll have to revert to offering binary futures exclusively. You can't go negative trading binaries since they're margined at 100%.
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:41:00
Thanks for the feedback!
Commodity contracts are settled on the day following the LTD (last trading date) using the official settlement price produced by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Most traders don't hold until the LTD though. They place a trade, hold for a day or two, then get out. The profit/loss from their trade is immediately available to them.
For binaries based on MMA or other sporting events, settlement also takes place on the date following the LTD, at a price of 0.00 or 100.00, as determined by payouts from major casino sportsbooks (e.g. MGM Grand) which I pull in via an API. For binaries, your profit/loss isn't available to you until settlement. That's because I have to see if the sporting event ends in a tie or the event is scrapped -- in which case all of your trades in that contract will be canceled.
Not sure why you're getting constant reloads. What do you mean by SPA? I must've messed up somewhere along the line but what's supposed to happen is that the page loads once and then updates itself via AJAX calls or perhaps in the near future, Web Socket. It shouldn't be reloading on you. I'll have to dig deeper and see what's going on.
I didn't use a framework for front-end. I just bought "Teach Yourself Javascript" (and HTML5/CSS) books and started making AJAX calls to an HTTP server (IIS) which is then forwarded to my server app using a socket connection. It's not that I have anything against frameworks; I just haven't learned one yet. You're referring to something like ASP.NET, correct?
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:12:08
Yeah, those guys are amazing too. As a single developer running this as a hobby, I can't really compete with their offering but I have used them for inspiration. Same with Plus500.com. Someone pointed me to SimpleFX today too. They have a pretty amazing site and can handle fiat also.
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:05:19
Are there really eight of them? I just randomly chose the _9 because gale_boetticher was already taken. I'd hate to think there are nine Gale Boettichers floating around these parts !
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:45:59
I didn't think so as a moody 16yr old but looking back on it now, yeah, that car got me to the movie theatre and Tower Records so it's all good. That's really all a 16yr needed back then.
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:12:28
The contracts *settle* in Bitcoin but the bid/ask/last prices are quoted in the same terms used on the 'real' exchange (e.g. Chicago Mercantile Exchange) that hosts the contract. That'll typically be USD. 
People are used to thinking of Gold prices in USD-terms.
If you look at the specs tab for Gold, you'll see the multiplier is .1 mBTC. So if you buy Gold at 1326 and sell a few minutes later at 1327, you've made .1 mBTC -- which at an BTC/USD exchange rate of 10,000 would be about $1.
I purposely made the contracts super small in value to encourage new users to learn about futures with minimal risk.
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:23:49
I touched on this a bit on one of the comments above but the short answer is:
This isn't a real futures exchange. Longs don't take physical delivery and shorts don't make delivery. These contracts are more akin to OTC swaps or CDFs (contract for difference).
The binary contracts fall more under the category of gambling/gaming.
That said, keeping the site offshore is still recommended.
Now, even though the site is outside of US jurisdiction, the 'pool' capability could very well raise the hackles of the SEC -- particularly if pools were targeting to US investors. I'll need some legal advice if I ever decide to launch the pool feature.
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:05:02
I'm in a "transition phase," not unlike my joints.
I got everything set up using the top domain .io and was then convinced that I should be using .co. You're right though, there's no reason I couldn't have used .co in the original post. I'll try to make the edit right now.
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:04:00
Keep me posted. I'd love to check it out.
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:50:02
Thanks, friend. We'll see how the testing phase goes. Hopefully it'll be an effective way for me to discover some trading talent.
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:42:42
Thanks bro-75, let me know how it works for you or if you run into any trouble.
Just curious: Did you opt to send to a SegWit address (starting with 'bc1') or a normal (P2PKH) one? I'm trying to keep an eye on my newly added SegWit functionality to make sure it's solid.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:30:12
Totally on board with this!
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:17:49
Hey there,
I'm a pretty old-school C# / C++ guy. The server app, which runs on a grid of VMs, is exclusively C The database is SQL Server. The front-end is HTML5/CSS/JavaScript. 
My understanding is that C# isn't as popular as it once was. Seems like all the new activity is in Python these days. (And I guess people don't use SQL Server as much either? ) But as a long-time user who's just doing this as a hobby, I still really love the Microsoft technologies.
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:03:02
Hi fib_futures,
Thanks for the response.
Yeah, there's no liquidity right now. You're only good to trade a couple of contracts at this point. As you point out, there's no size behind those bids and offers. I'll actually go in there and manually place a large offer if someone on IRC wants to place a large order but that's obviously not scalable.


Man, you've hit the nail on the head. I have no frigging idea! That's what I can't figure out. I'm a marginal-to-decent software dev but horrible business man and marketer. If I were forced to guess, I'd say I'm going to have to team up with someone in my industry who knows how to properly launch and market a business.


Your average HNW (high-net-worth) retail client trading E-Minis at Interactive Brokers with a 50k account would have virtually no reason to use my exchange. The primary clientele would be:
- Aspiring CTAs (commodity trading advisors) trying to establish a verifiable track record in order to get a hedge fund allocation.
- Low net worth individuals who would otherwise couldn't meet account minimums at traditional FCMs.
- People who want to trade anonymously.
- Prediction market enthusiasts who want to bet on sports without the overhead of the casino.
- Unregulated gambling funds and informal pools which as of now, are forced to operate purely in physical cash. Using the pool feature, they'd have a way to trade and charge a management and incentive fee without using a traditional admin. I'd get a 25% cut of those fees, but that rate would lower and eventually drop to zero over a certain threshold.


No, you'll be taking the opposite side of whichever user(s) placed that sell limit order. Your trades are purely against other users. There's no offsetting your position on the real exchanges; You're not trading against the firm.
Oh, to answer your question. When I said the contracts are more like swaps than futures (for crude oil), I was just trying to emphasize that there are no physical deliveries. They operate more like the swaps you'd see on Clearport, or better yet, like a cash-settled futures contract.
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:12:35
I'm not at a stage where it's been worth treating in any meaningful way. Someone else mentioned CBD in an earlier comment. There must be something to it. Will check it out!
@_date: 2018-02-22 01:39:30
There's nowhere to knock. It's not a US site.
Even as a non-US site though, the pool feature could conceivably be considered a "security" by the SEC, and marketing to US investors definitely *would* cause the feds to knock. I'll get some professional legal advice before going down that path though. At this point I'm just testing. It's not a real thing yet.
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:55:59
Some mild pain in fingers which I attribute to arthritis. A bit too much C# coding on this unergonomic Mac keyboard!
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:42:19


No, there are no physical asset deliveries involved. It's a pure bet on the price of the corresponding CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) futures contract. 
The CME contract is a derivative which *does* entail physical delivery. It's "underlying" is a physical asset. BitFutures is a "derivative on a derivative", so to speak, since its settlement is tied to the price of the underlying CME contract. There are no physical assets changing hands.
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:44:03
Yeah, that was last August. Thanks for remembering. I would've pointed people to that post but as I recall, the admins deemed it as "controversial" and killed it within 24 hrs.
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:46:55


Not a bad idea. Thanks for the suggestion. Also, check out the 'Specs' tab for any market that you find interesting. For an MMA fight or hockey game in the 'Resolution' field it says:
"Contract will resolve on last trading day (see LTD above) using official settlement price as provided by MGM Grand Sports Book"
Putting this in the FAQ would be smart too. Thanks again for testing!
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:05:45
UPDATE 2018-02-22: MLB (Major League Baseball) futures contracts are now available for anyone who's interested.
Feel free to shoot me a chat message in the app or send me an email if you'd like to test the Baseball contracts with me.
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:03:44
Yes, please do!