@_author: galileopy
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:48:06
When you join to the lighting network, by making a channel, you're connected to the network, then you'll always have a P2P route.
 Let's say you download a wallet, it is very likely that it will come with a feature that let's you join their network.
Since they want you to join the network, they'll try to have as many channels open with another big hub (theirs is one), and there will people that will invest in regional hubs to make a profit, just like mining.
 Since hubs want better connections they'll also interconnect.
Now your vendor will have a wallet with a channel open with their hub, because they want Bitcoin and they'll want instant confirmations.
Their hub will be connected to the network, and so will you by choosing one that convinces you. Their hubs will certainly be connected, and is almost guaranteed that you'll connected to anyone by 6 degrees of separation. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:29:02
Is not like that, your funds are still yours, is not just an entry in a mutable ledger.
Also you'll still be able to just send BTC normally, this is just an option for you to have instant confirmation.
If you don't like that, you have options.
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:21:03
There are always going to be P2P routes. Just as there are always peers on BitTorrent.
@_date: 2018-01-23 20:05:29
Well, all of that will happen in the background, what you'll probably have to do is download a new wallet, or upgrade your current wallet that works with the LN, and then just deposit funds and spend.
I guess the interface for such wallets would be polished enough to just have a bunch of buttons
* Create new channel
* Refill channel
* Pay
* Close channel
* Transaction history
Now once the setup of the first channel is done, you'll have the ability to pay anyone on the LN with 1 satoshi fees
Then we'll see some killer apps, one that I think would benefit greatly from having micro payments is nicehash, or a competitor.
Imagine that you're paid instantly for every minute of computing power sold to nicehash?
It will automatically make it more secure, since it will drop the "online wallet" part, and make it more robust almost instantly
Segwit brings a small update on a base protocol, LN brings a whole new protocol layer on top on the most robust ledger in the cryptocurrency space.
Once you have merchants accepting instant payments, what do you think will happen?
Or once you can instantly deposit/withdraw money from an exchange. &lt; here again the online wallet factor disappears, just load a channel with an exchange and you can move money in before your trading day and get it out once you're done without having to pay astronomical fees or wait for multiple confirmations.
Reloading your localbitcoins channel to instantly sell for fiat, or instantly buying btc for 1 to 30 usd for small purchases on the LN.
And more importantly, LN SPV wallets, this is totally possible, just like you install electrum without having to download the full block chain, you'll be able to install a LN wallet without having to download the full chain.
The current status of the LN does not say anything about it's future status.
Also who is behind the LN?
Is not a bunch of impatience, short sighted guys, they've been working on this for more than 2 years IIRC, and that tells you something about the quality of the people behind it. 
* They're not following short term profit.
* They have not quit on their efforts, even with all the bad rep some people where throwing at them.
* They are not self aggrandizing jerks that waste their time spreading FUD or propaganda.
They're a group of determined, smart, and persistent individuals that quietly work on improving bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-28 16:10:57
Consolidate, migrate to segwit, make deposits, it's been like this the whole day, and part of yesterday.
Just a reminder for anyone like me that was waiting for the time to move some coins due to the crazy fees we've been seeing since november 2017
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:51:40
No, once it is on a channel you can send your BTC  to anyone on the lightning network.
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:58:58
This infographic has a good explanation of the whole process
@_date: 2018-01-09 22:12:08
It wouldn't work like that IRL. You would probably get some btc, open a channel with a lightning node (which you will choose according to your preferences, could be relay fee, security, reliability, anonimity, etc...), And you'll leave the channel open, then you'll go to the store and pay the store using that channel.
So the answer is yes and no. You first need a channel open with a lightning node, then you can pay as many people, stores as you want with instant confirmation.
Once you are out of funds the channel will close and you'll need to open a new channel again.
@_date: 2018-01-10 03:08:05
Basically, there will be a new kind of miners.
What they do is invest in adoption, because their profit is not based on hardware, but in the routing system. 
So when you buy a miner, you win by securing blocks and verifying the network.
When you invest in a lightning node, you have a lot more work to do. You have to get people to join your channel. You can be pretty sure that wallets will run a parallel LN hub. Also exchanges, and maybe local bitcoin traders, ( like the people that buy in highly accesible places  and sell for a profit in less covered markets, e.g. buy in USA, sell in Argentina, Venezuela, Zimbabwe).
They will also have channels open to other exchanges and to regular users in the hope that they'll be the shortest path and collect a small relaying fee on the network. 
The mechanics of this is a little complicated though, in the same way that the mechanics of minig are.
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:40:18
I sincerely hope so, or that at least he was smart enough to buy in batches spread during a few weeks.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:45:47
Are you alive now?
@_date: 2018-03-22 14:35:11
Well, the data per se is not illegal, is a link, and let's say then that you can get those links using a block explorer, and you get to that block explorer using Google, is then Google illegal? No one's is actually storing CP, not even miners or nodes, nor the explorer, nor Google.