@_author: gamahead
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:13:53
Yes, you can buy a lambo with shares if the seller accepts that as payment. You’d simply transfer ownership of the shares to the seller. The same is true for bitcoin. 
I honestly didn’t understand what you were saying in the second part. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:51:57
You’re right, it’s a technology, not a stock. That doesn’t make it not a bubble, however. For example, consider the dot com bubble. The internet is useful as fuck, but internet companies weren’t actually making any money yet. The primary reason people invested was because it was so highly valued. When people realized those shares were worth not nearly as much as they were valued at, people realized they were holding something that was only valuable insofar as someone was will to buy it. 
It’s also important to understand that shares are not hollow, worthless pieces of paper. They represent ownership in a company, and they pay dividends. That is valuable to people, just like bitcoin is valuable to people. That’s really the root of the value of a share. When share prices soar just because people want to make money buying and selling the share instead of the innate value of the share itself, that’s a bubble. Bitcoin is undergoing that exact process. 
Just look at this subreddit for example. Everyone is talking about the current USD value of bitcoin. That’s the content of every single post here. This used to be a subreddit for discussing technological aspects of bitcoin, and talking with other interested people about the concept itself. The subreddit is now just a bunch of people talking about “riding the wave to the moon” or whatever, which pretty clearly demonstrates that most people value bitcoin as a potential source of riches. That is exactly what a bubble is. People buying bitcoin expecting to sell it and make money. 
So it’s not really a question at this point. It’s clearly a bubble. And it’s important to note that saying that doesn’t imply that bitcoin isn’t valuable. It’s a fucking awesome technology, but people aren’t getting into it because of that. The proper way to look at the situation is to understand that it’s a bubble, and use that knowledge to make more informed decisions. 