@_author: gambit26
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:30:09
Sure thing but why put that money if governments can make a case that some people are using to avoid paying taxes (I'm talking about luxury taxes). Plus, governments don't want their own currency devalued by something like bitcoin.... look at the bigger picture, everyone! If you're in the bitcoin exchange to other currencies hype, enjoy the ride! Advice: don't spend what you cannot afford to lose! For all the miners and miner builders - keep mining and gear up - I want to see the very last bitcoin mined before I die - lol! To governments all around the world... most of us know what you all doing... shutting down bitcoin currency exchanges (monitoring this posting -lol); advice: do it responsibly... some people had invested life saving... on bitcoin one way or another. But now you're driving the price down, shame... but I know you got to do what you got to do to to have order in "the world." True some people try to cash in by dodging taxes etc.... but most people saw an opportunity to get ahead of their current situation, whatever it might be... and now the dream is being destroyed by you.... Again, I'm all for use of bitcoin to buy/sell things/services ect. but I'm 50/50 with exchanging bitcoin to other currencies (I like the idea to better your current financial situation quickly by bitcoin mining. But I'm with the government when it comes to keeping order within the currency markets. The actual mining and regulating of mining bitcoins (or any other digital currencies) is another story; advice: Government should stay away from regulating this activity (the mining itself) - Stay Away, governments!
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:40:18
You be the rest who's in just for the get rich quick... Not really to support the digital currency what it represent for the future. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 20:38:05
Here's my two cents: 
It's a conspiracy of governments around the world to get in the game. Here's my theory of what they're doing:
Stage one: Bring the bitcoin exchange price to dollars, euro etc... to a fair price. Stage two: buy as much bitcoins in circulation and put it in reserve. Stage three: regulate the exchange of bitcoin to other currencies. Stage four: re-initiate all exchange markets to accept bitcoins again!
I predict within 2-4 months bitcoin price to other currencies will be at the price before November happened this year.
Mining bitcoin is another story!
