@_author: gameoflife4
@_date: 2017-12-13 12:41:20
There are real amounts owed to Americans, check. Who is it owed by? Also Americans. The receivable is the asset and the payable is the liability. What impact does a liability have on the equity portion of the balance sheet when offset by an identically sized asset? Zero. Our deficits are a problem, and fiscal measures should be taken to reign them in. But they're just nowhere near the scale that merchants of doom like yourselves argue. The British empire regularly ran debt/GDP ratios above the hundred percent mark during the 18th century. Somehow the U.K. is still here.
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:15:23
Sorry, you're just selling inaccurate doom and gloom. There is no "need" to default on the debt. As a country we are worth $97 Trillion ( and we throw off almost $20T in income annually (
In addition, that $20T debt number you so recklessly throw around is disingenuous. Almost $6T of that is held by trust funds that promise to pay out money to Americans.....so it's money we owe ourselves. If tomorrow you promise to pay yourself $6T are you any richer or poorer? The answer is no. In reality, the debt held by the public is closer to $14.5T ( 
We are wealthier than at any other time in history, both in a wealth and income sense; your spin does not make us poor.
@_date: 2017-12-13 03:11:17
Why wouldn't we need the finance sector with universal adoption of bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:59:02
Of course you aren't going to debate the numbers I've presented to you; you don't have a firm grasp of what they're trying to tell you. No, the statistics put out by the Federal Reserve system of the United States are not "absurd and counterfeit." The fact that you believe that implies you think there are literally millions of people all conspiring against you to hide the "truth" - a truth which doesn't appear in any discernible interpretation of numbers available to us. 
Interesting that you think our "system is inherently dishonest and destructive," when that same system has coincided with literally the greatest increase in wealth humankind has ever seen. We are worth just under $100 Trillion as a nation ( and yet there are people like you who want to just blow it up. I'm sure you're well-meaning, but it's not a virtue to want to tear down systems that have led us out of grinding poverty into what can easily be considered the most prosperous times ever experienced, without first thinking through how these systems actually work. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:57:08
You should have kept reading. Right after the intro: "Whenever a bank makes a loan, it simultaneously creates a matching deposit in the borrower’s bank account, thereby creating new money." New money, right on the commercial bank's ledger. 
You're still ignoring the fact that banks, with or without a Fed, will create new money. In fact, the bulk of new money. The central bank doesn't make that much of it. You don't have a problem with the Fed. You have a problem with the entire banking system. 
No the Fed doesn't "have to" exist. It's certainly more convenient, and a better way to run our system, but we didn't even have one until 1913. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:20:43
Do you have a mortgage? Credit expansion. Do you use a credit card? Credit expansion. Do you consider yourself a thief? 
The Fed has not added $1T per year to the money supply. How do I know this? Because the total reserves held at Fed banks equal $2.3T ( In other words, only $2.3T, net, has been directly added to the money supply by the Fed from its open market operations over its entire existence. Where has the rest come from? Mostly commercial bank loans, mortgages and the like, which are the largest source of the money supply (bank credit: 
Finally, the rate of increase in the money supply ( from 2007 to present is not "terrifying." In fact, it is right on track to be just about average when looked at over the last century since the Fed was created. We can deduce this rate of increase is not terrifying because the rate of inflation from 2008 until present has been just about the lowest it has ever been since the 1950's ( 
@_date: 2017-11-26 12:44:37
"Only the central bank issues new money. While money expansion occurs in the commercial banking system, this is because of the money-multiplier effect, not because the banks themselves issue new money"
This is just flat wrong. The money multiplier effect is an antiquated idea that does not apply to modern banking:  
Commercial banks create new money out of thin air, with or without a central bank in existence. We could get rid of the Fed and new money would still be created by banks. The system doesn't work the way you think it does. 
 "Issuing fiat money is done by nothing more than making a ledger entry - quite literally the stroke of a pen or push of a button."
Ok, then replace my Toyota analogy with Microsoft. Their product is also created with pushing buttons on a computer - literally just code. Care to explain how Microsoft is counterfeiting the world with software?
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:34:15
Scale matters here. If the Fed expanded the money supply $1 you wouldn't care at all, so the amount the Fed has increased the money supply ($2.3T) is relevant. 
1) In a liquidity crunch there isn't enough money to go around at asset prices that aren't terrible. The Fed puts in buy orders for assets and in exchange gives their counterparties electronic dollars. The people who sold their assets wanted those dollars, so who are you to say they shouldn't get them? Do you think the creators of cryptocurrencies haven't benefited from creating them? You realize new cryptos are being printed out of thin air every day....how is a never ending supply of cryptos different from the Fed you hate so much? The Fed hadn't stolen a thing from you. Name the dollar amount it's stolen from you, specifically. You can't. 
2) Whose wealth? The entire country's. The average person in America (and other parts of the world) is substantially better off than they were 100 years ago. They will live substantially longer, have a good chance of owning a residence (apartment/condo/house), and have access to technology and their accompanying comforts inconceivable to our ancestors. If you truly do not believe the real standard of living has increased materially for the average person, I'll give you the choice of living as an average citizen (or slave, depending on the century) in any other time period in America, aside from the last decade. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 01:15:42
Was waiting for someone to say this....glad there are people here who understand banking. Upvote for you.
@_date: 2017-11-25 22:15:09
I don't think you're correctly describing modern banking. "Printed" money (I put printed in quotes because the Fed did QE programs electronically, not with actual paper money) isn't loaned to anyone. The Fed buys assets through banks, mostly from its customers, not the banks themselves, taking income producing assets out of the system and replacing them with liquid cash (bank deposits). 
Independent of the above process, bank loans are literally made out of thin air, with the accompanying deposits also created out of thin air. The Fed's created money is not loaned by the banks to debtors. Note, I don't use this "printed out of thin air" term pejoratively. When you use your credit card, money is created out of thin air as well. We are all money-creating entities. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 22:26:07
The Fed added that $600B to the money supply because bank lending (the largest component of the money supply) was in outright decline, falling almost $1T between 2008-2010. The Fed literally exists to supply liquidity (read: money) in a crisis when everyone is seeking it, but no one can find it. Criticizing the Fed for maintaining the money supply when that is its job is obtuse beyond measure. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:31:17
1) We could get rid of the Fed tomorrow and the money supply would still increase over time. It would just be more volatile and crashes would really, really suck and may end in depressions every so often. Most of the money supply is created by banks lending money (deposits), which are freely accepted as money by private citizens. If you think that banks creating money (which is literally their job) is counterfeit, can I also ask you what you think of Toyota creating new cars? Is that also counterfeit? After all, their invention of new and better cars reduces the value of current cars on the market. What's the difference? Banks create money, that is one of their main "products."
2) Yes, the world is filled with billions of individuals. Let's go over each one separately and compare their individual experience to the experiences of past people.....oh wait, that's why we have averages, because that exercise is impossible. 
"Comparing the plight of humanity across time and space is an exercise in futility." It's not even hard, really. Up until the modern era anyone not in a ruling position could expect to live to about 40, while having their children die young, and also while living without any comforts modern society offers (vaccines, refrigeration, air conditioning, electricity, I really could go on all day). The vast majority of people living with modern, functional banking systems are unequivocally better off than 99% of the people who came before them. Just ask how many people living in Japan, South Korea, America, Europe etc would trade places with a middle class citizen prior to the invention of modern banking. 
Modern society was made rich while all this supposed counterfeit was happening around us, which might make sensible people want to rethink this idea that banking is theft. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 02:56:50
Inappropriate analogy. If the supply of bitcoin units is potentially infinite, its inflationary consequences are no different than fiat money "created out of thin air."
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:50:42
The government pays off its debts with money from taxes....there is no convoluted logic or "new money" necessary in any of it. The Fed sends any interest payments on its Government bonds back to the Treasury...is that what you're referring to?
Debt *is* money. Specifically, the liabilities of the banking system comprise what we call the money supply (M2 in Economist speak). When a bank extends a loan it creates deposits (money) out of thin air. Yes everyone could theoretically operate with zero leverage and extinguish all of their debt, but history suggests that when given the option people prefer to use debt rather than wait to buy something entirely with cash...
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:27:45
Yes, and the incompetents burning their economy to the ground should be shown the door before there's nothing left to ruin. 
Next you might say, "Well with Bitcoin, this could be avoided. No one can print unlimited Bitcoin and crash the currency," but this is incorrect. First, because if people ever lose interest in holding the currency (lower demand) then inflation will set in anyway. Second, because Bitcoin can be divided into as many pieces as needed, making the 21 million "limit" on the supply functionally meaningless. Even if there were a hard limit, this would not be desirable, as the supply of currency needs to expand to accommodate increased demands for it.
@_date: 2017-06-12 18:41:35
Deflation is an enormous problem in a system with a fixed money supply. If the quantity of goods and services continually rises (as one should hope for in a growing economy), while the supply of money stays constant, the broad price level (wages included) will necessarily fall. Which isn't the best of news for anyone with a loan, the value of which will grow in real terms compared to their salary. 
You make debt sound like a sin, but our system is only "debt-based" because the vast majority of people wish for it to be so. Debt is merely a convenient agreement between two parties, born out of the freedom of individuals to negotiate contracts as they see fit. Wherever freedom exists, debt shows up right alongside it, as societies have discovered that the ability to pull in wages from the future to purchase things today comes in handy now and then.
@_date: 2017-06-12 02:20:08
I can appreciate your perspective that the Fed is causing major problems in the economy (and I certainly have my fair share of criticisms against them as well), but I can't help but think you've got it wrong. Yes, the Fed manipulates the money supply in order to act as a lender of last resort, as well as to further its goals of moderate inflation and low unemployment, but I fail to see how this has translated into larger booms and busts. In fact, a major reason the Fed came into existence was to combat the widespread runs on banks, and the ensuing busts, that occurred frequently in the late 1800's. During the Great Depression, the Fed failed to play its role as lender of last resort to halt the fall in the money supply, and we got almost a decade of double-digit unemployment. Fast forward to the 2009 crisis, and the Fed's actions of providing liquidity to the market have given us inflation under 2%, with unemployment touching 4.4%. 
As for debt, I agree our government has been kicking the can down the road and needs to implement fiscal reform to get the budget back in the black (especially this late in the business cycle). However, the true debt held by the public (the number that ultimately matters in assessing our government's solvency) is more like $14.5 Trillion. While large, at 76% of GDP it is not an amount that will sink our economy in the anywhere-near-immediate future. We are a rich country (household net worth of $95 Trillion) with a government in need of some fiscal conservatism, and I fail to see any enormous problem with our economy at present. 
@_date: 2017-06-11 23:38:26
You don't have the right to own an exchange value. If you buy a TV, are the electronics companies of the world then prohibited from producing any more TVs because it will reduce the value of your own? I exaggerate for effect....If you think the value of money will decline against the value of other things in the future, who's stopping you from holding other assets? 
And no, no one is "forced" to use banks for interest (let alone the measly rates offered today). You can go and buy stocks, bonds, real estate etc all offering better deals than 0.5%. As an example I keep a minimal portion of my net worth in a checking account, to pay bills and such. The rest is in various investment accounts. 
Yes, if you hold a bunch of coins in a jar and let them sit there for years you will find that prices have risen and therefore your purchasing power has fallen. The remedy to this is of course to *not* hold a large portion of your money in a jar, and instead put it to work in productive assets. I think you'll find that the latter option will be much more fattening to your wallet, as Ben Graham put it long ago.
@_date: 2017-06-12 18:50:13
If the college grad does have debt they should hope for as much inflation as possible....as the price level rises the real debt burden on them falls. I do agree inflation in higher education in general is outrageous, but due to other forces outside of the Fed's monetary policy (federal government subsidies in the form of below-market interest rates on loans etc.).
@_date: 2017-06-22 21:26:50
Spot on. The actual transaction volume using Bitcoin to trade in real goods and services is virtually zero. Instead everyone is treating it as a speculative plaything, hoping for its price to rise. At least gold can be used to make things....If Bitcoin is just a digital token making a few people millionaires, but not being used to purchase anything, it isn't even close to being a currency.
@_date: 2017-06-15 10:24:27
Interesting thought process that I've been seeing a lot recently....The "if it goes below $X I'll back up the truck" when it was in fact recently below that price. For example, less than a month ago you could have gotten in for less than $2,000. What stopped you from going all in then? Seems like people are using today's higher values as an artificial "bar" for what bitcoin should be worth. In reality, the days of $50 bitcoin are just as valid as the days of $2500...
@_date: 2017-06-11 22:59:36
Nonsense top to bottom. Inflation is a function of both the supply and *demand* for money. This dream that only having X amount of bitcoin will solve all of modern society's problems, let alone inflationary ones, is completely misguided. If people's demand to hold Bitcoin decreases and the supply remains constant (as its creators appear to have intended), there will be inflation (rising prices in goods and services). If people's demand to hold Bitcoin increases and the supply remains constant, there will be deflation, which tends to not work out so well as the value of society's debts remains constant while income decreases. A main reason we have a flexible currency and federal reserve system is precisely to expand the supply of money when the demand for it increases so we don't end up with deflationary spirals, like oh I don't know, the one that kept the Great Depression going for so long. It should be entirely expected that currency supplies increase along with the total value of other assets in society (real estate, stocks etc), as society's wealth grows, and demand to hold a portion of that growing wealth in currency rises alongside it.
@_date: 2017-06-12 02:37:42
If a bitcoin can be divided into an infinite number of pieces, in what sense is the supply of bitcoin limited? If the supply of bitcoin is not limited, then how would using it as a currency be any better in terms of inflationary consequences than fiat?
@_date: 2017-06-13 14:29:38
"Whenever it wants" is whenever it thinks the money (deposits really) it creates is actually in demand by a counterparty. If it isn't in demand, inflation will result, hence the double digit inflation of the 1970's. The monetary base it controls is far less influential than you think. As of this writing it is about $3.8T, but only $2.2T of that is comprised of reserves the Fed has directly created buying bonds ( The other $1.6T is physical currency. Meanwhile, the total money supply (M2) is $13.5T, the bulk of which is deposits, created not by the Fed, but by regular commercial banks when they make a loan and the corresponding deposit gets put into their customers' account ( The Fed has been dampening loan growth (and thus deposit growth) with capital requirements (which I mostly agree with), but this is entirely different than the mechanisms it uses to control the monetary base.
The Fed loans the government flat nothing. As you said yourself, it buys bonds on the open market; the Government has already received the money from the original issuance of its debt. And the Fed holds only $2.8T of the $14.5T in debt held by the public, in other words less than 20%, and an even smaller % if we include debt held by various arms of the government itself (that brings total debt to $20T). Yes, it pays back the interest on the debt it currently holds, which is a nice benefit to the Treasury, but that's about it.
Again, the debt that matters is much less than what the "headline" $20T figure shows. That number includes amounts owed to *ourselves* in the form of entitlement spending. If I promise to pay myself $10M tomorrow am I any richer or poorer if I fail to make that payment? No, my net worth is exactly the same. The debt clock is not telling the whole story here. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:19:44
Call it Keynesian if it helps you feel better, it's just basic supply and demand. In panics people seek to hold larger amounts of currency as other asset values plunge (as an example, stocks and real estate in the most recent crisis). If no additional money is supplied, this increase in demand leads to the value of money to shoot up against the value of other goods and services. In other words, deflation. Historically this has not been the friendliest of economic phenomenons and we are better for avoiding it....
@_date: 2017-06-12 02:28:28
Everyone is responsible for choosing their own investment position. Holding large amounts of currency only makes economic sense if you 1) need to make a transaction in straight cash in the near future and lack the ability to borrow money for it, or 2) think a wave of deflation will hit your economy (in which case your dollars will buy a ton more in real terms after the fact). Barring those circumstances, people should be holding the bulk of their net worth in assets that actually have productive value. If stocks and real estate are too volatile or expensive, one can buy into Bond ETFs for minimal amounts ($80/share for VCSH, a short-term corporate bond fund, as an example).
@_date: 2017-06-11 23:48:23
There was never any objective to keep the money supply constant in this manner. The Fed instead attempts to increase the rate of growth of the money supply in recessions, and decrease the rate of growth of the money supply when inflation exceeds their target. It does not attempt to outright stall the growth of the money supply or decrease it at 10% rates, exactly because money supply growth is coincident with real economic growth. 
@_date: 2017-06-11 14:44:21
Net worth of US households: $95 Trillion. Number of Americans: 321 million. Average wealth per person in the US: $296,000. Globally the aggregate obviously increases while the average per person decreases. None of this is really relevant though because bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general are not going to suck in every dollar from every person on the planet....
@_date: 2017-06-12 21:39:05
It matters because prices consistently falling encourages everyone to wait for a better offer on goods and services instead of purchasing it when they need it. Not that this happens every time and everywhere (as anyone who's seen a line in front of an iPhone store knows, people often just want the newest model now), but it is a real impediment to economic growth. And taking on debt (which is sort of helpful to those masses with no money you seem to care for) becomes a real hardship if you see your wages falling 5% a year while your debt burden remains constant. 
If we define the money supply as liabilities of banks (Federal Reserve or regular corporate banks; deposits, currency, savings etc as the line items) then there will never be a fixed money supply, bitcoin or not. Bank of America or any other bank creates deposits (the largest component of the money supply) out of thin air just as easily as the Fed creates bank reserves when it buys bonds, because it is a solvent institution (Assets &gt; Liabilities) and people readily accept its liabilities as money. You do not need to approve of this for it to be so. Free people have decided that being able to pull forth their future earnings to make large purchases in the present is helpful to them. If a poor family moves to the U.S. with nothing and wants to buy a house and send their children to college with money they don't yet have, who are you to stop them? If we had the truly fixed money supply that some people seem to wish for, the only people who would be able to afford large ticket items would be those who already have the money to do so. Debt enables the common man to raise resources he would not otherwise have access to - resources previously only available to the rich and well-connected.
No one needs to go into debt to secure food. No one *needs* to go into debt to secure shelter (renting is an option, you know). People do because land and housing combined are typically expensive, and many people have not saved the requisite amount to purchase a property. Note, this is a somewhat self-imposed burden in areas like the northeast and west coast. Many people could easily outright buy a property (or take on minimal debt) in the south or Midwest (aside from expensive suburbs around Chicago, and the like). That they don't is a matter entirely up to them. I am not regurgitating anything taught to me by a University I assure you. It is just simply incredible to me that people wish to burn a system (involving, yes, banking and debt) to the ground that has created quantities of wealth and standards of living available to the average person that could have only been dreamed of a century ago.
@_date: 2017-06-13 19:58:16
The world is complicated, money and finance included. Get used to it.
@_date: 2017-06-12 03:14:48
Every time you swipe your credit card you are creating paper "from nothing." Until you pay back your balance you are literally expanding the supply of assets and liabilities outstanding, and currency is merely a liability of the Fed. Every entity is free to issue as many liabilities as they like if someone else is willing to finance them. For the Fed, we see that other people continually are willing to hold their liabilities (money), since if they weren't, we would have rampant inflation, when we clearly do not. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 10:54:57
There is plenty of blame to go around for the 2008 crisis. Banks extended credit to people who could never get a loan today. People who had no business taking out a loan bought houses they couldn't afford. But I think the blame you lay at the feet of the Fed is inappropriate. Yes they lowered rates, but mortgage rates in the early 2000's hovered in the 6-7% range, compared to 3-4% today, not exactly free money (source:  A major reason so many people bought houses was pure speculation - they saw home prices going up and wanted to get in on the game, interest payments be damned. Who cares about interest if you only put 5% down and sell out a year later at double digit, leveraged gains?
I suppose the Fed's low interest rates could be seen as driving money out of Treasuries and into higher-yielding MBS and the like, creating more of a market for the securitized mortgage products that supplied additional liquidity to the housing market, but I find it hard to put all of the incompetence of bankers and borrowers alike on them. 
Booms and bust cycles have been with us since before any central banks resembling modern institutions existed. They are a product of imperfect people making decisions that appear rational at the time, but turn out to be economically unsound later on. We could wipe out the Fed tomorrow and we would still see large swings in the flavor-of-the-year asset classes speculators play with. The only difference would be that in a banking crisis we wouldn't have anyone to supply additional dollars into the market, and end up with wild deflation. We've been there before (all years prior to 1913), and found that that way lies sorrow.
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:15:02
Exactly. Many people I see on here buying Bitcoin are looking at historical prices and saying "well, it's been as high as $X before, so therefore it's a steal at a lower price, and should go as high as $X again." This is a clear speculator's fallacy. Two months ago it was trading at half its current price. You're saying that the true underlying value (I don't mean what other people are willing to pay for it, I mean what it's actually *worth*) doubled in two months? On what premise? I'm not seeing any objective, statistics-based arguments for that. When the majority of market participants have no other method for valuing Bitcoin aside from what other people will pay for it, people should run for the hills...
@_date: 2017-06-12 14:26:22
I guess I'm just not seeing where the true scarcity (limited quantity) of bitcoins actually exists. If tomorrow instead of 21 million bitcoin we used 20 million bitcoin, what would change? Nothing. It is an arbitrary number with as many divisible pieces as we can imagine available for our use in exchange. The supply of "bits" is limited only by our ability to move decimal points.
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:40:12
If dollars were divisible into any fraction we liked (they're not) then the ultimate supply of this unit called "dollars" would not function as a limit to the currency outstanding in the economy. Regardless of whether 10 dollars were in existence or 10 Trillion dollars, we could just divide the 10 dollars into trillionths (digitally of course) and price goods and services accordingly (.000000001 dollar ice cream etc). The money supply in this case is not bound by anything; there is no limit on smaller decimals. Is this not also the case with bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-06-11 13:26:02
More tinfoil hat nonsense. What pyramid scheme, do tell? As for the comment regarding massive global debt; meaningless without context. Over long stretches of time debt will always continue to go up and be at "all time highs" since it's simply one of two ways assets are financed. As asset values continue their steady march upwards with real economic progress, debt values will follow. In the U.S. at least, leverage ratios (assets divided by net worth) are at their lowest levels since the late 1980's, and debt service as a percent of income is touching all-time lows as well.....The meme of debt sinking the global economy is well overdone.