@_author: gamingcounsel
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:32:40
Hi there -- Stuart Hoegner here. Just to clarify: At the end of my comment, Senator Massicotte (sitting immediately to Senator Black's right) said, by way of summary, "Thanks but no thanks!" This was not captured by the mike. I couldn't have said it better myself.
@_date: 2016-06-02 20:53:31
We agreed to the settlement on a neither admit nor deny basis, and we believe we're in a good place to be able to move forward. We're pleased with the terms of the settlement and think the CFTC was a very productive agency with which to deal.
@_date: 2015-11-11 10:30:41
I think this is a great story, and hats off to Prof. Chowdhry.
No, the blockchain doesn't _need_ this kind of recognition, but it's still nice to get it. As much as anything, he has expressed eloquently how he thinks -- and many others agree -- this is a game-changer.
@_date: 2013-11-08 13:10:37
Some good thoughts here -- thanks for reading and commenting. A few further comments:
1. Generally capital gains and losses are recognized when the capital property is disposed of (whether actually disposed of or deemed disposed of). So a gain or loss would occur when BTC is converted into fiat. The question I have is what the government would do if you converted from BTC into an alternative virtual currency (e.g., Litecoin). I suspect that the CRA will impose the barter rules on these kinds of transactions, as well, and assign values to the BTC disposed of and the Litecoin acquired on the disposition. So here the taxable event would come before any crystallization of the gain (or loss) into fiat money.
2. I've also thought a bit about 'hobby mining' proceeds and whether that's income. I think you'd have to go through the standard "is this a business or a hobby" analysis to get some data on that point. It's an interesting issue that should be explored further.
3. In contrast to the capital gains issue, BTC received as income from a business, as salary, as dividends, etc. will be recognized when received. The transaction should be recorded at the exchange rate on the day received by the taxpayer.
4. The question about investing in BTC using your RRSP is a fantastic one. Investments have to be "eligible investments" to qualify for holding as an RRSP. I suspect that one's RRSP could hold at least some shares of a corporation that conducts an active business primarily in BTC. Other variations on this may well be available.
5. I agree that the buyer in any particular transaction may be able to use BTC spent as a tax deduction, provided it's expended in the course of business or further to necessary expenses for office and employment. I like the book example. When my law firm buys a new copy of the Practitioner's Income Tax Act from Carswell, that's revenue to Thomson Reuters (therefore taxable), but it's also an expense for the firm (therefore deductible). If the transaction takes place in BTC, it's still, respectively, taxable in the hands of Thomson Reuters and deductible in the hands of Gaming Counsel PC.
Thanks again for the questions and the opportunity to respond! Hope I'll have the opportunity to meet some of the posters at Inside Bitcoins in Las Vegas in mid-December.
@_date: 2013-12-20 02:39:45
If you believe in the work the Alliance is doing, consider joining in our work by taking out a membership, volunteering, and contributing. We can't do this work alone, but we're growing and welcome your support.