@_author: gandrewstone
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:05:40
"Attack surface" is the virtual "space" available to crack a computer.  Every program running on that computer adds to its attack surface.  You don't want to be running ubuntu 13.04.  You want to remove almost everything.  One thing the security audit could do is show how much you've removed.  Its obviously hard to prove that a white-hat is competent... so you need to go with attack surface reduction.
Also, describe the server architecture and ownership.  For example, something like  "Web front ends are run on Amazon AWS instances who must communicate to a self-hosted server containing MySQL account DB and hot wallet over a proprietary SSL encapsulated protocol.  This server will only accept incoming connections from the specific AWS IP addresses and only accept this protocol.  Even if the web front end is compromised, it can only modify an account if the password has been verified [&amp; several paragraphs showing how this works].  When the hot wallet is at 25%, it sends an email to persons X and Y.  We must physically access another computer (location undisclosed of course), turn it on, type in our PKs and do a bitcoin txn from this cold wallet to the hot wallet.  There is no way the MYSQL server or another other system can communicate with the cold wallet system.  Every 48 hours we reconcile MySQL account balances (of all currencies) with wallet and bank balances.
Describe the physical security, at least in a bit of detail.  Does you landlord have access to the server room or to your office?  Does a chainsaw get you access?
These statements may help crackers a bit, but at the same time will reassure the public that you haven't done something stupid.  So I expect that your actual solution will be all of what you claim AND A FEW MORE TRICKS.
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:25:07
just bought from newegg via BTC!!!  
Note that you can only buy stuff from newegg itself.  If you put "marketplace" stuff in the cart, the Bitcoin option does not appear in payment methods, with no explanation.  But online chat people were clearly trained in bitcoin and told me the issue right away.  I removed the marketplace items and checkout worked fine.
@_date: 2014-03-02 02:42:24
If other people's suggestions do not make sense (armory, electrum, etc) then if he was a software engineer he may have done something completely home-brew or modified a key generation library.  There will probably be a program on one of his basement computers that takes those 60 words and turns them into a private key of the type you know.  Reply here if that's the case &amp; i/we will look into some filenames for you to search for...
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:52:46
There is a big difference between prevention and punishment, between attempting to stop the crime BEFORE it happens and cleaning up the mess afterwards.
Unfortunately prevention (regulation) does not seem to work.  No matter how many forms someone has to fill out, that person can still steal your money.  Attempts to make it work end up reducing equality of opportunity.  It can be considered a form of discrimination.
Nobody, not even the libertarians that I read here, has ever suggested that people who steal Bitcoins (or anything else) should not be prosecuted for their crimes.
@_date: 2014-09-12 13:33:18
While something like this may be a viable way to stop Sybil attacks in internet popularity contests you are fooling yourself if you think that anyone will accept the idea that rich people can get thousands or millions of votes compared to a poor person if they just lock some funds for some time.  And the very poor may not be able to afford any vote at all.  One vote per person is how it must work.
If we imagine one colored satoshi-coin issued per birth, the blockchain becomes a great tool for subsequent identity verification for valueless or low-value operations like electronic submission of income taxes, or opinion polling (but issuing these in a trustless fashion is an unsolved problem).  Blockchain ID can increase identification efficiency at the voting booth.  However, there is tremendous strength in the human proof-of-work required to physically enter a ballot station, in the people checking ID and looking for repeat voters, and in the conspiracy laws that could be invoked if a rich person paid 100 people to drive around town doing this.
@_date: 2014-06-20 21:31:57
And when it hits 50k they'll give you an honorary degree and beg you for money :-)
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:35:39
Yes, I can't realistically hold my savings in physical cash -- the printed denominations are too small.  And IIRC its actually probable cause for money laundering if I have a brick of USD in my car.
And of course, biflation means physical cash loses value.  So I am forced to give it to a bank to "invest" it at negative real interest rates.
This is how the system is being abused today...
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:01:30
Yes, let's not forget that it was HARD to get money into Mt. Gox.  International wires are actually a PITA, Gox identity verification took forever and required multiple documents.  
This is not someone hopping into a yellow cab and getting kidnapped.
If you can spend 20+ hours of work getting set up to trade at Gox, you can do a little homework on the company, bitcoin and concepts like counterparty risk.
@_date: 2014-06-30 20:21:23
Your feed to bitcoinity.org looks funny because the bid/ask walls cut off 100 CNY above and below the market price.  I'm assuming that you cut off the data at that point.  Can you increase the range?  All the other exchanges offer the full wall data.
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:20:04
... potentially beginning a cycle of violence that tears the fabric of society apart.  Justice is better handed out impartially.
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:44:25
also, if you don't port forward, you are still pretty close to a "full node".  You will have the full blockchain, etc.  You just are not accepting incoming requests.  Doing that is a really good start...
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:09:53
Did you get a home inspection done when you bought your house?  If you didn't you were not smart... however, I agree to some degree building codes (aka regulation) can be useful.  But that is a mature industry and you can BET that if you try something outside of code -- heck even outside of cookie cutter housing -- it is either illegal, unsellable or expensive.  In other words, it IS reducing innovation in housing.
And the repeated financial scandals have shown regulation to be ineffective.  Probably due to the intertwining of the participants in financial industry with those of the regulatory bodies.  And the lack of jail time.
Regulators should clean up their own house before building another.
@_date: 2014-06-04 19:27:55
Also, age of OP and other retirement savings is very important info for that kind of decision...
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:55:34
Huh?  So if Enron gave to charity before it collapsed we should do what, close those charities?
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:15:41
People lost their homes because they bought homes that were too expensive.  I SAW people doing so because the bank offered that amount as mortgage.  They trusted the regulated banks to do the math... as z_5 says, people need to wake up and realize that the bank's job is to MAKE MONEY -- not to hold your hand and figure out what is best for you.  Regulation disguises this true motivation.
@_date: 2014-06-09 19:56:01
Gavin's key observation here is that conceivable interesting contracts require a trusted oracle, so that oracle might as well execute the contract.
This observation allows the currency to be separated from the contract and separate, independent systems are advantageous for many reasons (robustness, upgradeability, competition, etc).  So Ethereum is actually disadvantageous.
The clear attack vector is for a single entity to register a bunch of independent-seeming contract-validating oracles and hope that contract submitters doing an N of M validation accidentally choose N attacker-owned oracles.  These oracles can know whether this is the case, so can properly execute contracts until they all decide to falsely execute one.
So how do we make it hard to register contract-validating oracles?  I think we all know the answer to that one :-).  But the details are interesting.  Will these miner-contract-oracles mine Bitcoins or a custom coin?  Tying Bitcoins up in a oracle-validator proof-of-stake could lead to an unnecessary rise in the price of Bitcoins, and limit miner-oracles to be run only by rich people/corporations. Additionally, since a large portion of Bitcoins will NOT be used as oracle-validator proof-of-stake, it would allow an attacker to borrow a lot of Bitcoins to gain a temporary majority of the oracle validators.  Therefore, a separate coin seems required.
  Mining contract-validator-coins (cvcoins) and signing the contract evaluation output with an address containing these coins would be a trust-free form of contract evaluation consensus.
However, as initially proposed by Gavin, the validators are chosen in advance and each hold a PK to a multi-sig address.  Without this facility, a miner-validator-oracle could evaluate the contract but presumably not ACT on it (for this entity to exclusively act on the contract requires either private knowledge, OR another lottery using some proof-of-work like puzzle -- i.e. break this deliberately simple encryption to discover the information -- presumably the public network of honest nodes can outnumber and thus out compute an attacker.)
  In this case, a signed message from an address proving cvcoin holdings could be used to pick the validators and determine that the chosen validators hold 75% (say) of the total validation power.
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:14:13
Hmm... this is a good point in Enron context but not Bitcoin.   To take your example further, I think you are saying that these scientists are probably doing studies and publishing "findings" that are essentially unverifiable (without spending the same amount of $) and that push the parent company's product and potentially set favorable public policy.
The core dev team are essentially laying pipes (writing code), all of which are can be and is independently inspected (for a LOT less then the cost to build).
When Gavin has a message it is (paraphrased) "Bitcoin is still experimental, in Beta.  Only invest what you can afford to lose."  This is hardly a ringing endorsement.
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:51:56
Asking why this isn't automatic, and by extension why this exists at all will take you through practically the entire history and evolution of the internet and include tomes of techno-religious warfare :-).  
The tl;dr is that blocking ports is like putting a digital fence around your home.  If opening the fence gate was automatic, all the "bad apples" could do it without you knowing about it -- so there would be no point in having the fence.
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:03:30
The colored coin is like a car or house "title"  -- it proves your ownership of it.  If someone steals the car/house/artwork, it is clearly stolen property when he tries to resell because the thief can't transfer the coin (presumably the artist would write something on the back identifying the colored coin "title").
All of the above "identifies" (the theft) but does not "execute" (by denying the thief physical possession or use).  That is, cops and a court are still required to "execute".  
Now imagine an internet connected asset like a computer, future car, quad-copter, electronic art, etc.  This asset could refuse to run unless the user can prove ownership of the colored coin.  That works by having the object tell your phone to sign a message using the private key that corresponds to the address where the colored coin currently is.
Of course, cops and courts are still required for cases where the colored coin itself is stolen.  But in theory this is a lot harder than stealing the object.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:04:06
nice architecture ;-)  
its not rocket science, is it?  
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:30:07
I see your mouth moving, but nothing is coming out.  What I want to hear is: "your balance is independently verifiable on the blockchain".  "This is the auditing company."  "This will be the content of the audits."  Quarterly.  Not "regular".  Who are the white hat hackers?  
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:32:40
"really robust".  I'm not interested or reassured by your opinion of your cold storage system.  You will need to actually specify how it works and realize that officers of the company could be held liable for mis-representations.
@_date: 2014-09-04 02:15:09
LOL.  Time consensus is actually a very hard problem even with cooperating agents (albeit not so much with a 20 second error window).  With uncooperative agents very difficult.  Even given the proposed centralized (unacceptable) approach, you can prove that a txn occurred AFTER time X by having the centralized entity publish a random number and the txn include it.  But how can you prove that a txn was published BEFORE time X?  Only way is for the timestamp to publish a reference to the txn (aka a blockchain).  And InRE creating a decentralized, trust-free timestamp, blockchain technology is the state of the art solution.  I suppose that it would be possible to create a very short discovery parallel blockchain (2-5 sec, for example) for the sole purpose of ordering txn to avoid double spends...
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:42:12
So, is your in-store purchasing verified working?
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:35:35
yes it works like that.  The anonymity problem is this:  Let's say you have 2 addresses in your wallet, A,B which each have 2 BTC.  Now you want to send 3 BTC to address C.  The wallet will grab 2 BTC from A and 1 BTC from B and put it into a single transaction with C as the output.  Now the blockchain is showing that A &amp; B both paid C at exactly the same time, therefore A &amp; B were part of the same wallet.  
'Coin Control' is a feature you can turn on in the Bitcoin-Core wallet (and others) so you can explicitly specify where the coins should come from. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:37:59
I didn't donate either, but AFAIK the donations were offered with the expectation that the software would be open source.  So the open source aspect needs to be met...
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:07:07
What's the absolutely most minimum integration possible and how to do it?  A game or something puts bitcoin as a small, ancillary feature, not central to the app.  So the solution can't require a full node just to send/receive small payments.  I'd imagine that this means some kind of web service or SPV solution... something ideal would be you can use third-party web service  OR (and this is the important part) you can run your own web service by downloading this FOSS code if that one disappears.
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:51:57
Why not have the exchange provide a separate bitcoin address for each account?  Its really simple.  Balance accounts daily or every few days to reduce blockchain load.  You could even make them dual signature accounts so the coins was not spendable (until the seller puts in an ask, at which point he signs a txn with some kind of client-side javascript signing mechanism).  This txn isn't posted until the coins are sold.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:46:15
There actually ARE ways that an exchange could provide proof to every depositor that it actually has their bitcoins.  But not for USD of course, so it could go fractional there.  Perhaps the Gox debacle will encourage exchanges to actually use these technologies... and consumers to request them.  
I had a Gox account but lost nothing because I kept nothing on the exchange due to the risk.  Many of those who did lose were trying to take advantage of the different price for BTC on Gox vs. other exchanges.  There has been a huge arbitrage opportunity for almost a year on Gox.  People who were profiting from this arbitrage but mis-priced this risk should not be bailed out by those who lost money by selling on BitStamp (vs Gox for example) but in fact gauged the risk correctly.
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:30:07
The answer is that it won't really make contract law obsolete -- that's a bit of hyperbole.  But it will raise the bar for disputes.  For example, we could create a rental car that doesn't "go" unless you've made the monthly payment.  The contract is self-enforcing, removing a lot of room for disputes.  But there will always be disputes.  For example, maybe the contract as written is illegal, etc.
Also, transfer of title will be as simple as sending a "colored" coin (a special bitcoin that represents ownership in something else) to someone.  So a lot of the overhead managing ownership of physical things, stocks and bonds can go away.  But there will still be people disagreeing and going to court over the particulars of the transfer of ownership.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:31:35
No, and for some things regulation is good.  But given the disaster that is our banking system, I have no confidence that regulation will succeed.  And keep in mind that we are talking about a-priori regulation here; if fraud has occurred those who perpetuated it should go to jail, AND frankly I personally believe that company Officer's and executive's bonuses and salary at that company (above minimum wage) for the prior 10 years (say) should be garnished.
  But regardless, let's at least have choice -- if you want a regulated system, keep your money in $.  Let us experiment with a less-regulated one.
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:25:12
Yes, people group together and enact laws to avoid incidental or unanticipated effects, like pollution or a sawmill being built in your neighborhood.  It is a good thing.
But that does not mean that EVERY negative effect needs regulation.  As rule-of-thumb, less to zero regulation to protect primary participants, more for secondary and tertiary.  That is if I fly I accept the risk that the plane might crash (primary).  If I am sitting in central park, I didn't really accept the risk of being hit by a plane, but I AM taking advantage of the positive economic and personal mobility effects of nearby Laguardia airport (secondary).  If I live in the Amazon rain forest I receive almost no benefit from flying planes (tertiary).
BTW, both democrats and republicans result in more spending and services... that's a big part of the problem today.
@_date: 2014-09-27 00:51:45
And the irony of the whole thing is it sounds like the last straw that got her fired was over whether Goldman had a conflict of interest policy or not...
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:11:05
Re-read my post:
**Balance accounts daily or every few days to reduce blockchain load.**
So if you are a day-trader, your blockchain address would not be accurate but the vast majority of the coins and accounts would have proof
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:08:42
1. oh ok sorry I missed it I would have liked to try
2. silver was just an example... there's tons of stuff of almost universal interest that ppl might not need but would still bid for for the fun of it.  For example, a compact flash card.  Or maybe a BTC or CC themed thing...
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:06:56
Without disrespecting your 3yo's art, I happen to have a LOT of 3 yo art.  And there is shipping and handling I'd imagine.  So I'd recommend that you either auction off something of greater desireability (maybe 1 oz silver piece?).  Or run this as a practice on testnet...
@_date: 2014-03-03 04:00:50
awesome and good luck we need a popular US exchange...
@_date: 2013-04-16 06:42:23
Let me answer the question you asked not what you probably meant to ask :-).  Buying coins is hard because a bitcoin transaction is irreversible.  But all other electronic payments are reversible.  Bank txns, credit cards etc can all be "charged back" for up a month by claiming the card/account info was stolen.  So a service that lets you buy bitcoins with your credit card will (and has been) driven under by fraud very quickly (buy BTC with a stolen CC), because its not the CC company that eats the fraud, its the merchant.
Also, companies that exchange BTC and other currencies are layered on top of bitcoin and are in competition.  Bitcoin.org cannot recommend any particular service and remain impartial.
Further, it depends a lot on where you live and how much you want to buy.
Finally, Bitcoin is still in "beta"; it is not impossible to lose your coins by making a mistake.  So you are encouraged to study before purchasing.
@_date: 2013-10-03 17:51:07
when you imagine what a psychological impact shuttering SR would have had early 2012 its completely amazing how fast bitcoin is growing.  Its legitimate uses are compelling...
@_date: 2013-04-16 06:15:35
What are the legal implications of "colored" coins -- that is, backing some set of coins with gold, yen, or any other commodity?  If the backer went fractional reserve with 'yencoin' would that be illegal (could it be construed as counterfeiting since yencoin is supposed to be 1 yen)
@_date: 2013-04-14 05:21:55
Actually, I think B2B should be easier then end-user.  You already have a trust relationship.  You do repeat business which makes it worth the effort to introduce the repeat customers to bitcoin.  And of course, you save 3-5% (ballpark) in currency transfer and conversion fees (there are ways to get $ to the exchanges very inexpensively).
Introduce it as a payment network, not so much a currency.  Get them set and just have them buy coins to send to you right away so they don't have volatility exposure.
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:10:15
Yeah, it seems obvious that BTC is much more efficient.
And also consider that bitcoin mining can be used to get value for excess energy production from variable sources like wind and sun.  Since this excess energy can be efficiently used, this would allow these sources to be built for the peak usage hours, resulting in less demand met by burning fossil fuels.
@_date: 2013-10-03 17:41:49
people could not have gotten fiat to the exchanges this quickly... there must have been a huge amount of "hidden" bid depth just waiting for a drop.  Or most of the sellers were just attempting to trade the news and have bought back. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 04:59:14
Yes I take it seriously.  Stop imagining converting everybody to using them.  Its enough for manufacturer/resellers to convince supplier to take bitcoins... Those money xfer &amp; currency conversion fees add up, esp. for small mfg.  And the relationship often spans years, making it worth the time it takes to make the switch.  And there's already a trust relationship.  You (as a consumer) won't see it happening, except perhaps as a growing interest in BTC in China...
@_date: 2013-04-14 05:10:22
Could you periodically send your entire balance to your original paper wallet address?  Just like sending it to someone else, but you're really sending it to yourself?
Also, why does it work that way?  why not send change back to the original address -- it would be easy enough to change this because the code is open source
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:26:02
To check whether you have the series 1, look for a misspelling "CASACIUS" not "casaScius" in the microwriting on the hologram to the left and right.  Even in the series 1, the large bottom "casascius" will be correctly printed
@_date: 2013-12-01 19:04:27
if difficulty levels off -- implying hashing power increase slows down -- there will be fewer coins mined which could affect supply a bit.
@_date: 2013-04-05 01:28:14
Human history shows that natural resources are first used to solve problems.  And then people invent solutions that work much better.  To produce light, fire became the gas lamp, then the electric bulb, and soon the LED.
 
Gold is the best natural solution to sound money.  Bitcoin is the first engineered money.  It has been carefully designed to be the best possible money available today.
@_date: 2013-12-03 19:48:55
Its you who has just a surface understanding... and are clearly an asshole to boot.
When a lot of hash power is added to the network the system starts finding blocks faster then every 10 minutes on average.  During the past 2 months or so block discovery rate averages have been as low as 7 minutes.  This means that more than 3600 coins are discovered per day and its no great stretch to think that some of these extra coins are finding their way to the exchanges as addtl supply.  When difficulty increases are small, this means that the hash rate exceeded the difficulty estimate by less than it would have for a large difficulty increase.  In other words, blocks are being found on average every 9 minutes (for example).  So while the system is STILL exceeding the nominal 3600 coins per day, it is doing so by fewer coins than in the past few months.
@_date: 2013-11-14 16:17:58
If you put up gold, he should put up bitcoins... :-)
@_date: 2013-04-19 14:43:01
Why not mine for different blocks until the pool challenges to prove your hash rate?
@_date: 2013-04-16 06:49:37
Do you understand what I am suggesting when I say colored coins?  Essentially, what if a company creates "yencoin" -- just like bitcoin but pegged to the yen.  Is creating a digital representation of a government currency creating (counterfeiting) the currency?  If so, how can it be done legally but with the same effect?
@_date: 2013-07-25 16:19:02
sorry to necro this.  I mean you send all hashes above the difficulty.  But as soon as you get a good hash, you submit that solo...
@_date: 2013-04-05 00:51:17
Bitcoin is sound money.  Like gold.  It is impossible to discuss the details of why this is the case in this short segment but understand that experts in cryptography, computer science and monetary theory have built Bitcoin and others have analyzed it.  
If you are not a cryptographic researcher and are just browsing the web and conclude that it is like an unbacked government issued currency -- that is not sound money -- then the problem is your understanding of the currency.  In fact I don't think I've ever seen a popular web article, blogs, or video the properly described the technical details.