@_author: gandalfs_late
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:55:18
The comments pointing this out seem to be getting buried:
rekcahxfb = bfxhacker
He's going to send the money to an account he controls so that identity can trade uninhibited, claiming it only received stolen funds instead of actually stealing them.
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:17:56
Hey dude, gladly!
First off, we're based in Venice, CA -- nowhere near SV.
Second, we recruited top security pros from PayPal and Palantir. Our COO, Ken Miller is the former VP of Risk Management who built all of the anti-fraud systems at PayPal and our CEO, Micah Winkelspecht, wrote MoneyTree, which several existing BTC APIs use to generate hierarchical deterministic wallets.
And we're hiring. Think you got chops? 
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:08:55
Hey man, I understand the sentiment but I think you may have overlooked some key (pun-intended) points. Disclaimer: I'm one of the senior engineers at Gem.
The biggest difference between our API and others (besides how awesomely easy it is to use -- we offer straightforward APIs in python, ruby and Java and will be releasing PHP, JS and iOS libraries later this year) is that we enforce multi-signature authorization (we default to 2-out-of-3). 
When you generate a Gem wallet, you provide us with a primary and backup public key and we generate a cosigner key. You keep your backup private key hidden in a safe or in a hole in the ground and it never touches the internet. You sign day-to-day transactions with your primary key then send the transaction to us. After authenticating the request with 2FA and any other rules you have in place (for example geolocation requirements or spending limits) we sign the transaction with the cosigner key and submit it to the network.
This means that if we get hacked or you get hacked, the hacker only has one key and can't do anything, but you retain access to enough keys to rescue your coins. Or  if one of us loses the key for any reason, the money is still accessible. 
It's also important and awesome to note that Gem never has enough keys to move your money without your approval but you always can spend your coin without Gem. This is a key (sorry, that pun gets old but we use it in the office all the time!) difference between us and coinbase, for example, as they store your keys for you, even in their optional multi-sig solution "Vault." This makes them sort of (in fact, exactly) like a bank which defeats the whole awesome purpose of bitcoin which is to give control of your value back to you!
Check us out and sign up for early access. We're doing amazing things on FIPS-3 hardware and trust (but verify) that we're building this company for you!
Matt Smith
@_date: 2015-05-11 16:37:42
[Gem.co]( (disclaimer: I work there) offers multi-sig wallet functionality to any developer for free.
We use a 2-of-3 model for end-user wallets and only hold one key. We ensure the apps built on our platform only have access to one key as well so the only party with access to enough keys to spend independently is you. And if you ever think any of the keys might be compromised, you just send Gem the recovery key and we will automatically sweep all funds deposited there in future to a new secure wallet for you.
We also provide all apps that build on the platform 2-factor authentication (in fact we require it on all end-user transactions), offer fraud detection and rulesets (IP and address whitelists, spending limits, etc), and we're working on a ton of cool new stuff as well.
Multisig isn't a silver bullet, but it's a great feature of the protocol and until some rigor has been applied to the security analysis of [ECDSA threshold signatures]( I definitely recommend that everyone who has reliable mobile data access use multisig for both their hot and cold wallets.
EDIT: I thought airbitz was multisig, my mistake.
~~Right now, the only widely available multisig mobile wallet I've tried is [airbitz]( but~~ I hear good things about greenaddress as well.
@_date: 2015-04-19 21:29:11
Who manufactured Coinkite's HSM? Do they release any information about it?
@_date: 2015-10-15 22:36:31
Here he addresses a situation where a user pays fees to the current leader (although I don't know whether his argument is convincing for that case, either). 
The vector I was referring to, however, is when a user's wallet pays their fee to an OP_TRUE script. This is different because it actually offers an incentive to both the current miner and the next leader and pits them against each other.
So if I pay my fee to a script redeemable by anyone, the current leader will certainly publish a micro-block including a tx which pays that output to himself. Others on the network might try to spend it, but the leader won't include those transactions in his blocks. So far, this is the same as the case in the above quote.
Except miners can choose which micro-blocks to confirm in their leader block. This leads to a cost-benefit analysis each time a micro-block is published. If there exist enough OP_TRUE fees in some subset of 'unconfirmed' micro-blocks to offset the genuine fees the leader would receive by confirmed the block, he will mine on top of the micro-block prior to that subset, and after he authors the new key block and becomes the new leader, he will author new micro-blocks that spend said OP_TRUE fees to himself.
Now, it's possible that this would lead to a recursive problem where miners only mine key blocks because they are eternally fighting over an increasingly-large set of up-for-grabs fees. Transactions are never confirmed, and the network dies. With this outlook, it may be true that users are not incentivized to pay to OP_TRUE instead of paying a fee normally, but malicious actor who wants to see bitcoin fail is certainly incentivized to instigate this miner-brawl with some valuable OP_TRUE outputs.
Disclaimer: Of course, this is conjecture on my part, and I deal with wallet code more often than consensus code. /shrug
@_date: 2015-03-04 03:15:28
Uh... Cool. I also don't identify as a mongoose – do they not care and continue to exist as well?!
@_date: 2015-03-26 01:31:54
Gem doesn't expose a Tor endpoint, but in terms of API functionality, BitKit and Gem accomplish similar things. Gem puts a lot of focus on simplicity and security (which are the two most difficult aspects of bitcoin development). 
We offer multi-sig cosigning, BYO key, and all cosigning keys are generated inside – and never leave – tamper-proof, FIPS Level 3 [Thales Hardware Security Modules]( Stay tuned for some pretty cool stuff pretty soon.
Disclaimer: I work at Gem and I think we're pretty great.
@_date: 2015-10-15 01:40:32
It would, actually.
As I understand it (from Ittay Eyal's talk at Scaling Bitcoin Montreal and [his recently published paper which is for some reason not yet linked in this thread]( NG proposes a drastic change to the consensus rules where blocks would only be considered valid under one of two circumstances where it is either:
* a key block, providing:
  * a proof of work confirming a recent micro-block published by the previous "leader" AND
  * a (public) signing key for validating signatures of the subsequent micro-blocks mined by the new "leader" (the miner who authored this key block)
* a micro block, which:
  * is signed by the private key corresponding to the public key published in the most recent "leader block" 
  * may include transactions
This is mostly moot, however. 
Per the links in [kanzure's comment]( at the top of this thread, NG is broken as its fee-sharing incentive scheme (where the leader who authors micro-blocks receives 40% of the transaction fees in those blocks, and the remaining 60% is given to the following leader who confirms those blocks) is trivial to circumvent, resulting in 0-cost double-spend attempts.
Although, if modifications are made that reduce NG's dependence on fraud proofs and/or fee-sharing such that it becomes a viable architecture for the main bitcoin network, it's reasonable to suspect that its discussion might be banned here.  :)
@_date: 2015-02-21 21:46:47
"Math does not bow to guns."
I don't identify as a cryptoanarchist, but that is on the badass side in a very nerdy way.
@_date: 2015-03-26 03:42:10
Thales' products are hardware modules with hardware module certification. You can see here on NIST's listing of certified devices, many hardware offerings support algorithms that are not themselves FIPS certified: 
The hardware-software distinction is important. Frankld is right that the ECDSA the bitcoin protocol uses isn't FIPS certified, and probably won't be any time soon – but that has little to do with the certification of our hardware.
EDIT: It's also worth pointing out that we don't modify the firmware on the device at all. All our custom code, including the ECDSA operations, are done in software inside the SEE.
@_date: 2015-02-21 21:54:53
Point of interest: This isn't a great defense of Circle. You're estimating a ~5% failure rate and rating that as "great" for a financial services platform.
I haven't used Circle, but I generally try (as I'm sure the Circle team does) to write software that works as expected more frequently than that.