@_author: gandaf007
@_date: 2015-05-11 13:45:32
Point being? Just because most people don't doesn't mean I'm going to be more inclined to vote for someone who also doesn't. 
I expect something more from elected officials. Even if it's not always reflective of reality, I'm going to try and make it that way. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:33:40
Can you first tell me why you responded to my answer with just saying the tenth amendment? Any conversation we have about its interpretation should probably have something more specific at its center. 
Anyways, I do have to correct myself. I said unenumerated when I should have said written intentionally vaguely as to allow the government to do things not explicitly outlined in the constitution. 
Quick side note, but that's kind of an issue with our entire legal system. While we don't really have it, common law is still important and so jurisprudence is important to understanding the constitution beyond what is simply stated there. It's something the founders intended, hence why the tenth amendment is so rarely used in courts.  
@_date: 2015-05-11 21:49:15
I don't wait, I make compromises and choose the best available candidate, whilst participating in advocacy groups. Finding people like this at the local level (City/County) is much easier and more commonplace. At a presidential level this is much more difficult because of various reasons, but some are better than others and I will give criticism where it's due.
@_date: 2015-05-11 09:43:50
I saw him speak Friday and I have to agree with you. My issues with him stem from a very strong tendency to not use an evidence based approach to policy in a couple key areas. I'm also not too sure he would be an effective leader.
That being said, he has a strong philosophical basis in approaching government offenses which I respect. In terms of republicans, he's my favorite, but I don't think I could vote for him.
@_date: 2015-05-11 13:42:00
He's still an inexperienced politician and defers to his ideology more than evidence. He's firey and motivated to do a lot. We elected a president like that seven years ago and look where that's got us.
We need someone who is experienced and wants to focus on governance. For me, Bernie Sanders' vision of government is more in line with mine. Beyond that, for the last forty years he has proven his bipartisanship and ability to lead. Despite ideological differences, on a practical level he is a much better candidate than Paul.
Give Rand eight more years in the Senate. Let him mature, become more acquainted with the political system, and learn what being an effective political leader is all about. Besides, he can do a lot more in the Senate in the current political climate than he could do as president.
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:49:59
One last interesting quip I thought of while in the shower, the way you and I view states rights is probably pretty different. I view states rights as the result of an engaged local citizenry rather than a philosophical or legal state that is the result of a strong federal government.
I'm thinking about making a post in neutral politics about it sometime soon. If I do, I'll toss you a pm!
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:28:58
He cannot defer every action to the states and he would not defer every decision to the states if elected president. He would have to make many decisions, some of which would be very difficult and have a big impact. I do not trust him to make these decisions for reasons already stated, thus I do not support him and instead advocate for someone I do trust.
As for states and your point about laziness or whatever, you have to realize any policy whether it supports bigger or smaller goverment can have vast consequences. Even if I may agree with you, I do not trust Rand to implement these measures in a responsible matter. 
Political advocacy is important, but our government was founded on the virtues of republicanism. The idea of trusting elected officials to govern responsibly is necessary for our society to work.
It's not always how things work, but there's solutions out there. I do not think a purely libertarian approach is that solution. A Rand presidency has the potential for more harm than good. 
A proper response would require much more space and time and a platform more suitable than reddit. Going to go about my day now, have a good one. If you actually want to chat more, toss me a pm.
@_date: 2015-05-12 19:56:32
This isn't very relevant to what I said, but nonethless the sweeping, commerce, and supremacy clauses allow the federal government to do things not expressly enumerated in the constitution. 
If the founders had wanted to prevent such a thing, they would have said so explicitly. They did so in the Articles of Confederation, but as we know the Articles were an abject failure. They removed such lanaguage and refused to add it back in on the grounds that such a state focused government wasn't conducive to a stable society. 
Case law is also fairly dismissive of the tenth amendment on the grounds that the history behind it (Which I already shortly summarized) is indicative that it is more of a philosophical "declaratory truism" more than something with with real legal weight behind it.