@_author: gangiskhan
@_date: 2018-08-16 19:55:30
Slightly better source. However when the article starts off with blaming liberals, and when said site has a known heavy right leaning bias, it's not an objective view. The article in question seems to nit pick data to fit a narrative as well.
So those "scientific" reports being very dated and based on the info at the time clearly makes them valid. In a sense, those are the "alarmists" you seem to hype over and there is general agreement those predictions were not exact. And I put scientific in quotes as there are a decent number of those reports that came from non-scientific voices. However I'm fairly certain none of those reports said all of the ice would be gone. That's a bit of hyperbole.
Is it really that hard for you to look for a credible source that has no bias? It would seem a fifth grader can check a source for credibility better than yourself. Because it would seem you don't want to look at said sources as they go against your opinion based science on climate change. Not much of a shocker.
@_date: 2018-08-16 05:11:58
So you switch from saying being high all the time at 25 is cool to saying it's just less pathetic?
Loserly as in him being a multi-millionaire off of building a brand and music label? Also owning an empire of pot farms? If you can monetize it, I don't see that being lame. The guy can literally afford to smoke and not have it affect his career as he owns his own life. Super lame to have that luxury.
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:54:51
Never said consensus here as I jumped into this thread. And once again you seem to want to make opinion based science a thing while also attacking it. Climate science isn't theory based but rather data based.
And you go back to citing that one single source that isn't super credible. No source from actual science backed organizations? Or just trust oil company backed science to be the truth to believe? 
You seem to base all of your opinion here on fairly dated information, a lot from the same century that lead was declared safe and cigarettes a healthy option. No clue why bring up the last few years argument when your info comes from before that.
Edit: Question, how can the data that 97% of climate scientists be false if that's just data?
@_date: 2018-08-16 16:05:08
Your posting would suggest otherwise as every time you go into a climate change argument, that site is the one you push and harp on.
A lot of recent data shows that earlier conclusions were exaggerated, can agree to that. However, you want to put "global warming alarmists" in the same bucket as climate scientists. Your go to being Al Gore, who shocker isn't a scientist by trade. If you wish to base your science and understanding of the world from what politicians claim, or even on what paid mouthpieces of private industries in general say, feel free. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 05:04:01
Supply and demand? Nothing to do with the training doctors go through being costly, such as practicing surgery or having to train on expensive medical equipment, clearly. You might be surprised that you have to pay for facilities and educators of said doctors. It can obviously only be the cap on allowed doctors that isn't being met overall. Best. Logic.
And once again the pick and choose. Also see that whenever you get stuck in an argument, particularly with comment threads with me as of recently, you jump to shitposting other threads to bolster some kind of perceived self worth of elitism. Must be rough. I mean, you even halted your whole copy pasting about bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-16 12:59:36
Clearly, as you seem to have to make it a point to declare yourself not racist. 
Edit: Had time to find an example of your clear "non existent racial bias"
who do you think youre talking to, elizabeth warren?
- u/ghee99
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:31:09
No one mentioned anything of a vote being the basis of science. No clue where that is coming from, other than you wanting to make opinion based science a thing.
And ye, it's 97% of climate scientists. Where is this non-climate scientist argument coming from?
Slight change being a drastic upward rise in temperatures and distinctly different climate patterns that have emerged since we as humans started industrializing by burning coal and oil? And unproven solutions being to reduce said reliance on oil and coal and shift towards smarter and more sustainable energy policy?
@_date: 2018-08-14 23:49:40
More doubling down. And no recollection of your "but even if" statements.
The consensus on climate change has never been pushed as science. The consensus came from the data collected about humanity's effect on climate. No clue why you keep going back to that. Cart before horse situation.
How is shifting away from being solely oil dependent limiting anyone's freedom? Wouldn't it be the opposite if we as a society expanded past oil as our main source for energy? You keep harping on this talking point but I dont see weight behind it.
The poll regarding Angels. How does that event relate? There was no scientific evidence backing either side of that poll. And said poll is solely opinion and not based on any fact other than religion being a thing. Curious to know if you perceive the world outside the states.
So, science isn't science? And what's with the whole pushing for looking at all sources while you just stick to your one or two?
And still waiting on yiur explanation on why coastal cities are experiencing flooding.
@_date: 2018-08-16 06:32:35
So where does the comment on him looking dirty and a mess come from? Snoop is generally well dressed and carries himself well, if you actually gave the guy a look at. So, one would make the assumption that you were referring to race. And I don't get the equating my calling you out for that racial biased to myself being racist. Just saying "no you" doesn't subtract from the actual argument but makes you look a bit daft. 
Not really angry. However, would wager that is some projection on your part in a weak attempt to stir up emotional responses as you seem to do in all your posts. 
Pretty sure you lost a couple of arguments already where you just jump to unrelated topics in the same weak attempt for emotional response. Or where you back claims with sources lacking in credibility or lack of clear bias. But I guess your perception that you won is all that you care about.
@_date: 2018-08-15 22:00:31
Also a HuffPost Wellness article on a study done on mice.
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:45:23
Oh I know. I was just picking a couple of things from the laundry list. Seems to be a character. Wouldn't be surprised if he is a paid user as he went hard on pushing the whole co-chair Dem abuse scandal out of nowhere. 
@_date: 2018-08-15 21:58:25
So nothing about your big education rant saying doctors are tolerable to have degrees? Also sort of odd to see an avid TD poster using Huffington Post as a credible source. And a study used on mice of all things.
Was honestly just curious on where you are coming from with your comments. You do seem to pick and choose what you claim to be for the sake of the current argument.
@_date: 2018-08-14 21:53:39
Your credibility isn't just silo'd to this subreddit. You also believe in some corrupt big education and that other than doctors no other work needs college degrees. And there are the gems on climate denial with you using sourcing from oil company backed website(s). And the recent whole denial/whataboutism thread exchange. Point is, you don't seem super credible.
@_date: 2018-08-14 12:40:24
Out of curiosity, did you jump to a throwaway account to give yourself a back rub there? u/JH49211 is the account in question
@_date: 2018-08-14 18:36:06
Agreed. Dropping 60% of your cash into an investment, regardless of which investment, is a poor choice. I think the guy is holding mainly to recoup loss.
@_date: 2018-08-14 23:49:20
More doubling down. And no recollection of your "but even if" statements.
The consensus on climate change has never been pushed as science. The consensus came from the data collected about humanity's effect on climate. No clue why you keep going back to that. Cart before horse situation.
How is shifting away from being solely oil dependent limiting anyone's freedom? Wouldn't it be the opposite if we as a society expanded past oil as our main source for energy? You keep harping on this talking point but I dont see weight behind it.
The poll regarding Angels. How does that event relate? There was no scientific evidence backing either side of that poll. And said poll is solely opinion and not based on any fact other than religion being a thing. Curious to know if you perceive the world outside the states.
So, science isn't science? And what's with the whole pushing for looking at all sources while you just stick to your one or two?
And still waiting on yiur explanation on why coastal cities are experiencing flooding.
@_date: 2018-08-15 23:40:01
You can't be a qualified doctor until you pass said test to become a qualified doctor. Cart before horse. I've brought this up in other comment threads with you.
You really seem to pick and choose a lot. However to quote from the first article, 
"One explanation is the restriction on the number of medical schools, and the subsequent restriction on the number of medical students, and ultimately the number of physicians. Consider the difference between law schools and medical schools.
One reason we might have a “health care crisis” due to rising medical costs, and the world’s highest physician salaries is that we turn away 57.3% of the applicants to medical schools. What we have is a form of a “medical cartel,: which significantly restricts the supply of physicians, and thereby gives its members monopoly power to charge above-market prices for their services."
It's explicitly said in the article you posted that this could be one of the reasons, not the sole reason. So, are you going to address the other statements I made? Guessing not.
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:08:32
When said source on climate change is being funded by oil companies, skepticism should be employed. Historically, big business hasn't really cared for consumers until it affects revenue. Oil companies kept lead in gas for decades against public health interest because of profit. They didn't take lead out on their own. Now, apparently it's ok to source them for information about climate change that directly affects their revenue stream.
@_date: 2018-08-15 23:24:49
The price of doctor services isn't strictly tied to the number available as doctors immigrate to the states for work and vice versa. A lot of it comes down to peripheral costs involving medical technologies, insurance, staff support, and a slew of other billable items. And I don't believe the quota for doctors has ever had an issue with being too low.
You only gave the doctors example, sort of helping my argument. Nothing about teachers needing to be on a standard of education? Or engineers that have to pass standard tests to work jobs? Or lawyers that have to pass standard tests as well? Your argument really seems to come from your failure at achieving a degree, at least that is my take on it. Would wager the only truth in your posting is you went to college but dropped out and are currently dealing with debt.
@_date: 2018-08-17 01:24:14
No clue how you jumped from what you quoted me on to basically saying all scientists that disagree with your opinion are shills. That's a bit of a stretch.
So general climate science is now apparently backed by some big business conspiracy? Because scientists apparently have to be corrupt in order to do their job? Granted historically there have been scientists found out to be shams as they were bought out by corporate interest. However arguing that the entire climate science community, which spreads internationally past just us politics, is a bit absurd. And then to what end? All International policy around actual climate science seeks to push away from polluting our planet with corporate and Nationwide taxes on carbon emissions.
Whereas the sources you use for your opinion on climate change are publicly known to be heavily funded by political interest or oil companies. The political interests being people who get paid by oil companies so one could argue they are one in the same. Additionally said sources seem to be strictly tied to the United States and don't really stand on their own merits in the International Community. As I said before you seem to not grasp that America is only a small portion of the entire world.
@_date: 2018-08-16 05:54:22
So you make a blanket assumption that Snoop is a mess, looks dirty, and smells because why? Would wager because he's black.
And then you jump on the Trump wagon right afterwards as the most successful man on the planet? Reality TV star made famous for being crass, businessman who constantly went bankrupt and had to take out constant loans even though he started with an inherited fortune who also claims to be a billionaire himself without any credible backing, and President who pushes trade wars and corporate tax cuts while also filling his cabinet with lobbyists while claiming to be against said action. Doesn't scream most successful man on the planet unless you limit your bubble of opinion to a jaded scope.
That edit though. You start off with a general sane statement then have to go off on a racist tangent and praise rant on Trump just to put your perception of yourself at the same level as Trump. Pretty weak.
@_date: 2018-08-16 06:51:08
Never mentioned anything about smell but you just jumped on that off the bat. And you claim a single picture of a person, in a meme nonetheless, defines they are a mess overall? No response about your claim on him being dirty? That selective language and those broad strokes.
And then jumping on this being a party affiliate issue? Because clearly that's all anything is. Can't be your own bias showing a little. 
That last bit coming from you about race tolerance comes across as ingenious. It's a great statement overall and I agree in equality regardless of race, religion, or creed. However, I don't think you do. 
@_date: 2018-08-15 23:03:37
Also, the guy seems to switch where he posts when he hits a wall. He just started posting back to TD after a decent break from doing so.
This guys just comes across as a very insecure troll.
@_date: 2018-08-15 22:56:24
Many other studies but you go for the one posted on Huff Post. You seem to miss the hypocrisy.
From your rant on "big education"
"Getting one over on the corrupt education system is a plus in my book.
I mean, i get it.. if you're a doctor, the education is necessary, but to work in a cubicle in an office building? or as a computer technician, etc. Who cares? You can either do the work or you can't.
And someone spending $200,000 to study feminist theory and basketweaving? How does that help anyone or anything? (other than the university that pockets the $200K).
In almost all cases, needing a college degree is just manipulation, done on the taxpayer's dime, to support a failing/corrupt education system."
You forgot the part about the needlessly being a conspiracy of manipulation. And you clearly focus only on doctors in said rant. What other professions do you see that need degrees?
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:20:59
Never said I defend your defined alarmists as I pointed out said people aren't scientists. You seem to want to shift the argument towards the 97% being "alarmists" when your previous statement was said scientists not being climate scientists. However, glossing over points and shifting definitions is your thing so not surprised. 
Your claim at looking at all info seems to be to give credibility to your sourcing and not to actually expand knowledge. Otherwise you would actually read outside your self limiting scope of sources. Or at least post more than just a handful of biased links.
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:23:44
Constantly have to be on that defensive as all non racists do, obviously. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 22:54:12
So, once again, a step forward, as you now acknowledge the bias in your sourcing. Congrats. 
However, as I said in the earlier comment, the data is nit picked to fit said bias. In the same way one can argue that the sky is clearly not blue by only citing observations when it's nighttime. Bias opinions are not objective by definition. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 16:53:20
Once again, you want to equate opinion with science backed by data. Not the same. And your sourcing this time around, and in many cases before, is a YouTube video? Super credible. Did you not learn how to actually cite sources for credibility?
Same Greenpeace organization that has had it's share of controversy? And not a scientific org?
@_date: 2018-08-16 23:51:32
You are the only one harping and making Al Gore relevant in this thread. I haven't brought him up as a credible source or even mentioned him in a serious context.
Science is looking at all facts presented and then making an argument, not picking and choosing certain facts to fit a bias while ignoring any other side to the argument and labeling such as plain false without reason. And science also is apolitical, unlike your take where everything has to be politics centric.
@_date: 2018-08-15 23:44:48
And once again, that quota isn't constantly a problem with people becoming doctors. Education costs and time are usually the bigger factors.
Guess not addressing the other comments. Not. Surprised.
@_date: 2018-08-16 04:41:43
Hows does cost change to limited education slots? Generally schooling costs money, granted medical school being a bit more pricey as it is specialized and requires more in the education process. You have to first finish a pre-med degree in good standing, then 4 years of medical school, then 4 years of residency (why I mentioned cost and time, not just cost). That is 12 years if you streamline it. A lot of people technically qualify to be doctors but just being qualified won't make you a good doctor, hence the added commitment, and that can be said of any profession. Flooding the market with doctors just to fill jobs won't produce qualified doctors.
And loosely politics comes into play with the whole medical profession, not specifically targeting medical schooling. As said before, the peripherals are where the money is not in charging future doctors tuition, such as insurance and prescriptions as those are constant revenue streams not fixed by a graduation date.
Once again, you literally pick a single point, this case being two words, to harp on and disregard everything else. Not very good conversing there.
@_date: 2018-08-15 20:30:16
Conspiratorial in seeing you literally spout/spam the same post in this sub every day, sometimes multiple times a day? And you also have the scope of about a year in your rhetoric of investment because clearly a short time period is the only way to analyze investments.
Hard to take you seriously based on your posting history. You claim to be a legal, poor Hispanic immigrant who attended a top 6 college that supports Trump while also claiming you had $200k in found funds, can afford to move to the UK which didn't happen, and seem to be for some big education conspiracy. Also the gem of promoting bleach baths for skin issues while also saying doctors are the only professionals you say maybe need a college education while saying no other profession does. So much else as well. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:58:09
Nothing to do with ideas being the same. You are literally just copy pasting the same heavily slanted post on climate change. 
So, now you are just shifting your argument in a very narcissistic fashion. It's weird how you end with the solutions to climate change being a waste of money. So, pushing for new energy sources, such as renewable solar that is manufactured once but captures usable energy daily, is a waste? And what busted theories are you referring to?
Miami has a flooding problem, not "had". And I never said anything about the world ending, so I have no clue why you just jumped to that. It's definitely changing. What is your reasoning then for the flooding in Florida along the coast?
So, data-backed sites are part of some alarmist conspiracy? As opposed to your sites backed by companies with business interests against informing the public? So is the general consensus by the majority of the world just some conspiracy then, all leading to Al Gore at the top? Really?  
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:32:58
It's funny. You literally copy and paste the same thing whenever you discuss climate change. Same with  a lot of your bitcoin posts as well. 
And there you go with your sources that are backed by oil companies. Have you ever looked at actual recent data? Or just stick to old science? So do you also believe that cigarettes are healthy for you? Or that lead is good for you? Or that the Earth is the center of the universe? 
So, how do you explain Miami dealing with rising ocean level and flooding? 
Or data take from ice core samples that show a drastic trend of temperate increase?
Or this statement from the American Meteorological Society?
Pretty sure said sources above are apolitical. And backed by people with brains, at least one would hope. 
Follow your own advice and look at the sources I posted above. I did the courtesy of looking at yours. However, I'm not holding my breath or anything.
@_date: 2018-08-14 23:18:45
You definitely shifted your argument by backpedaling then doubling down. And you definitely copy pasted the post. The same ideas are expressed in both, or rather the multiple posts, as they are all the same post.
You had that moment of clarity, then go off on the global warming alarmism thing. If anything, humanity affecting the climate will be the driving force behind the change in energy sourcing. Solar has literally been a known source for power for over 100 years but has been pushed down and squashed by oil interests.
So the consensus is based on the non-existent evidence that has been collected by scientists on how our world is changing? So, ice core sampling, sea level measurements, and temperature recording isn't actually data? 
And yes, the majority of the world knows climate change is a thing. That's the whole reason why there are international accords to address the change in climate. Said accords have nothing to do with media but are based on scientists collecting data and reporting on the results.
You seem to want to put words in my mouth to the tune of the cart coming before the horse. So, this magical consensus by the world didn't come from scientific studies but the other way around? And climate change isn't an opinion as science is based on fact.