@_author: ganjlord
@_date: 2018-01-29 15:36:09
It would be much easier to decompress and decompile the app and have a look through it.
@_date: 2018-01-30 03:10:38
You don't need the source, android apps are just zip files containing resources, libraries, metadata files and java bytecode. There are freely available tools that will decompile the bytecode, though most of the variable and function names will be obfuscated. You can use this information in combination with a debugger to work out whether the app is doing anything sketchy.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:52:21
Doubtful - while blockchains are proven  and work well, they have issues such as scalability that will inevitably lead to their replacement, very likely within a decade. The hype around cryptocurrencies has turned "Blockchain" into a buzzword.
@_date: 2015-11-07 06:07:06


So rubles are not a real currency?


AFAIK Linden Dollars are not accepted by anyone in exchange for goods. The same goes for detergent, which in addition would make a pretty terrible currency.
@_date: 2015-11-07 03:34:53
Unless there's some definition of "real currency" I'm not aware of, it is unarguably a real currency, as it can be traded for goods and services. Value is irrelevant, and whether it will be adopted by any particular state is a separate question.
@_date: 2015-11-07 04:21:43
I can't exchange rubles for goods and services without flying to Russia. Does this mean that the ruble is not a real currency? For something to be a currency it just needs to be able to be traded for goods and services, it doesn't mean that a state needs to adopt it and it doesn't necessarily mean that every person everywhere must accept the currency.
@_date: 2015-11-07 09:03:23


It's either a currency or it is not a currency. It isn't relative, it either is or isn't, and it certainly is considered a currency by the vast majority of people. 


I don't know nor care about what Dimon actually said, I was challenging the assertion that Bitcoin is not a 'real currency'.


This is certainly probable. I'm not questioning your reasoning here, but this is irrelevant in determining if it is a 'currency' by the accepted definition of the word. It is a currency *right now*, and will continue to be a currency even if it is never adopted by any particular state or used widely on world markets. It will only stop being a currency when people stop using it to obtain goods and services. If you object to it being grouped with 'real' currencies, then call it something like a 'crypto-currency' or an 'alternative currency' or any other term which distinguishes it from 'real' currencies.
@_date: 2015-11-07 07:48:34


There's only around sixty thousand people living in Bermuda, so is the Bermudian dollar not a currency?


This is a valid point - users of bitcoin do not use it for the majority of the trades they are likely to make. I don't think that this means it isn't a currency, but it depends on the definition you use.
Bitcoin certainly meets Merriam-Webster's definition of 'currency':






and Wikipedia calls it an 'alternative currency' ([link](


Linden Dollars are entirely controlled by a particular company, and can only be used to obtain digital goods and services, so they are closer to store credits more than anything. They could be described as a 'virtual currency' however, and strictly speaking they are a 'currency' although they can only be used to obtain virtual goods and services.


Well, I'm sorry that I'm not more informed about drug dealers accepting detergent as currency. In this situation it is being used like currency, but it is more along the lines of a trade as the drug dealers almost certainly intend to sell the detergent and make a profit. I would be very surprised if they go on to trade the detergent to others in exchange for other goods and services.
Ultimately this is a pretty pointless debate to have, it's just semantics. If you agree that Bitcoin has the same properties as 'real' currencies, and that it is used the same way as 'real' currencies are used, then why would you not call it a currency?