@_author: gardensrenewourworld
@_date: 2014-01-19 18:43:57
My friends and I are trying to create an endowment for community gardens and our strategy is to do exactly this. We accepts dollars too but it has occurred to us that accepting bitcoin makes a lot more sense for the person making the donation. 
Our goal is to create an endowment, a large amount of principle that can earn interest. This annual interest is given away annually as grants for community garden projects. As the principle grows thanks to donations, then the annual interest grows.
When a donator gives us bitcoin, it is likely that that bitcoin amount could greatly increase in value. So if you give us $1 in bitcoin now, then in 10 years that could be worth $100(?). So it is very advantageous to the giver because their philanthropic effort is greatly increased in overall giving power.
We are on our first fundraising drive right now, to raise $500 which will pay our Oregon nonprofit fees for 5 years. With the rapid increase in bitcoins value lately, we think that it makes sense to use the bitcoin approach to raise these future funds now and let the bitcoins appreciate in value until they are needed.
We have raised 0.0320375 BTC so far! (about $25) Please help us make it to $500!
Here is a flier for our organization: 
And here is a soon-to-be abandoned website (moving to a wordpress blog): 
@_date: 2014-02-07 23:19:27
Let's say a Russian travels to Mexico and comes back with some loose change he didn't turn back into rubles at the airport. Is this Russian under threat of arrest because he has some pesos in his pocket? I doubt it.
On the other hand, if this same Russian had some sort of money laundering scheme involving pesos, or maybe was encouraging other Russians to use pesos instead of rubles, then I think he might get into trouble. 
My point is that I think that simply having bitcoin is no more illegal than simply have some pesos or US dollars (non-ruble currencies). However, people shouldn't think that bitcoins are a magic way to do something that is against the spirit of other current currency laws.
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:30:02
Donate to a nonprofit??
My friends and I are creating an endowment for community gardens; a large amount of principle that can earn interest. This annual interest is given away annually as grants for community garden projects. As the principle grows thanks to donations, then the annual interest grows.
When a donator gives us bitcoin, it is likely that the bitcoin amount could greatly increase in value. So if you give us 1 bitcoin now, then in 10 years that could be worth a lot more(?). So it is very advantageous to you as the giver because your philanthropic effort is greatly increased in overall giving power.
We have only raised 0.0320375 BTC so far (about $25) but we know that this will slowly increase. Please, if you can only give us just $1 it helps: lots of little donations add up!
Our address is (1EKBpzwhj1PdG3M7fFa8dVSaYamuTLH6wi)
Here is a flier for our organization: 
And here is a soon-to-be abandoned website (moving to a wordpress blog): 
@_date: 2013-12-31 05:52:08
Create a wallet at Blockchain.info
Then create an account at Coinbase.
Once your Coinbase account is verified, buy $10 of bitcoin. 
Send the money from your Coinbase account to your Blockchain wallet.
Then, every week, buy $10 more at Coinbase until you have the amount you like. Every time a purchase completes, send the bitcoins to your Blockchain wallet.