@_author: gardenlevelstudio
@_date: 2016-06-13 06:36:25
Bitcoin is fairly complex to explain. I
@_date: 2016-06-19 03:17:10
And this is the biggest problem with crytocurrencies moving forward. I wouldn't claim to fully understand the workings of Bitcoin or Ether, but I would say I have a big picture understanding of both, though Ether less so... But forget the blockchain, I doubt a majority of Americans even know what "fiat" is. Currency is like water for most people. They have been earning and storing USD for their entire life and they haven't put too much thought into what exactly a "Dollar" is. It's just this constant reality in their life. For the time being a slow and steady trickle of speculators and tech savvy investors may find this experiment interesting and worthwhile, but the road to true mass adoption means the public needs to trust Bitcoin even though they may never know what the hell it actually is. It needs to be a simple as "money" and transactions are for them today. The Bitcoin community and discussion is still highly technical and fairly intimidating for an outsider. A whole layer or ecosystem of "friendly" and idiot proof validation will need to emerge if the wider public is to ever fully adopt Bitcoin or any other currency. I think we are still a long way from that, but I'm still optimistic it can be a successful currency even without being fully mainstream.
@_date: 2016-11-10 02:03:15
I can't even explain bitcoin to sober people...
@_date: 2016-09-27 00:41:33
I'm not talking about the code itself, I'm talking about the regulatory and legal environment. Outside of the techno snob/libertarian echo chamber there are a whole ton of people that will never understand any of that and just want to know they can pay for things with bitcoin and not get sued, defrauded, etc. For better or worse, the government is going to be a part of that. We will all die waiting for the technocratic democracy algorithm that will one day usher in utopia.
@_date: 2016-09-19 02:34:46
I don't see demand for this. Someone could very well spend less than a monthly Netflix sub on this platform, but simply putting a price tag on everything creates psychological friction and stress. 9.99 for a Netflix sub is a magic number that gets people to pay but not necessarily care.
@_date: 2016-09-04 20:29:06
Well... I'd rather have a pension that might go broke than not have one at all. From what I understand, Calpers members pay some kind of fees out of their income, but the employers pay the contributions. I work for a company that still has a small old school pension program and I pay nothing. The real downfall is retirees that planned their lifestyle based on the availability and seeming infallibility of these pension payouts. It sucks these programs are mismanaged, but it's not quite the same as a 401k, where someone has been diverting their income for decades. Now if given the choice, I might opt for extra pay over a pension (depending how it's managed), but who offers that? If an employer offers a pension it's still better than nothing.
@_date: 2016-09-28 01:10:13
It's a nice thought but good luck getting the vast majority of Americans to wrap their heads around all that. 80% probably couldn't tell you what "fiat" is. Most people aren't looking much beyond their paycheck/rent/mortage/food/phone bill bubble. I would start shopping for islands, artillery, and lawyers if you are looking to build a new form of state any time soon.
@_date: 2016-09-11 20:09:58
This is the biggest strength for Bitcoin right now... a store of wealth, a way to circumvent currency fluctuations/inflation, and an easy way to transfer money internationally. Bitcoin at point of sale doesn't make sense for most people at this point, as the current card swipe/chip system is too ingrained and simple to be effectively disrupted on a wide scale.
@_date: 2016-09-26 20:12:09
If bitcoin is ever to truly go mainstream, some amount of government regulation and legal guidelines on its use are inevitable. Will there be some mistakes? Sure, but right now I don't think it's a bad thing for government to simply start talking about it, which is all a caucus really is. I get the vision of some of the techno-libertarians around here, but the government is inevitably going to have more to say about crypto-currencies in the future and it would be better if the community can actively steer those debates in the right direction. 
@_date: 2016-10-29 06:42:12
it's atrocious, looks more akin to some real estate flipping seminar
@_date: 2016-07-11 01:03:47
The problem is the crypto community is not a reflection of mainstream acceptance. Crypto currencies make ALOT of sense as a modern store of value, but good luck explaining such to the general public. Just explaining "fiat" to a generally indifferent public is a challenge in itself. Dollars, Euros, Pounds, etc. are so ingrained in the average person, I don't see a mass adoption scenario for any crypto for at least a generation. In a crisis scenario, gold and its derivatives are still a more well known and understood vehicle, and would likely benefit more than crypto. It would remain to be seen if Bitcoin or any other crypto currency can maintain interest among a speculative community that I believe is likely too optimistic on its near and mid term prospects. I think Bitcoin and others have a bright future, but will remain niche for a very long time.
@_date: 2016-07-13 05:52:29
Read the book, it goes into more depth than the movie, and I felt it also explained things even clearer than the movie