@_author: gardenlife84
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:35:23
That is not indicative of a brain, but rather incredible luck or ice cold resolve to keep holding even after 5000+% return ...
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:39:02
This is a great example of solid investing and ultimately the importance of investing based on _your_ goals, no matter how many other people make other claims.
@_date: 2017-12-05 09:43:27
I'm really sorry for your loss. It sounds like he was sad about a lot of things if the "what if" of Bitcoin got him down.
Truth is, all our lives are "what ifs" that had we known the future, everything could be different! My buddy had almost 1000 shares of Apple @ $11/sh. Had he left them until now he would be set for life x100. But he did what normal people do ... sold some when it doubled - "no way it can go higher!" ... sold some more at 400% return - "this is crazy it has got to be the top" ... rinse and repeat. Bottom line, he had no idea. He could have also bought shares of a Internet bust which would be worth nada, so you never know. Hell, I looked at my wallet recently and I definitely bought and sold 50+ Bitcoin in 2013. But I don't regret that, I enjoyed my choices.
I think that is because I learned that lesson when I was young, and maybe the story can help someone else get some perspective. Anyways, here it is :
I worked in a hotel as the maintenance dude in college. I often set up tables and chairs and stuff for events in the big meeting rooms. One day I was finishing up in the big room and this middle aged, overweight, semi balding, okay dressed guy walks in pulling one of those rolling briefcases with him. You know, the ones that just scream: "this thing is full of crap that will NOT make you instantly rich." I kid, I kid, but it was kind of a not super professional look. He greets me and is really friendly so we get talking. After I bring up graduation and my potential 1st job, he talks about one of his first jobs in the 80s. Tells me he was working with computers, blah blah, and was approached by a couple of guys about to go out on their own who could use someone like him. They couldn't pay much, definitely less than his current pay, but would offer him a big chunk (1/3 I think? I don't recall) of the company to compensate. Obviously not worth shit ATM but yea, that was the deal. Their grand idea? They wanted to sell Internet to the masses by giving away free CDs with it pre-loaded. Haha, what? People are just going to load up this CD and sign up for the Internet? Are they stupid? It's free! And so this guy declined their offer. 
WHAT IF he joined them, who knows, maybe things would have been different? WHAT IF the company would be great or maybe it would go bust? WHAT IF he had owned 1/3 of this silly Internet on the CD company? He claimed he would have hundreds of millions right now, billions even. He'd certainly not be setting up for a sales meeting at a Best Western in East Bumfuck, CT, that much he knew.
He told me not to live by what ifs. He told me not to yearn for the past and not to dwell on decisions you simply cannot change. Use them to grow and learn and do better. At this point I think this dude is weird and have no idea what he was talking about. He very well could be completely full of shit, but the story seemed genuine and if he was making it up, he certainly had the emotional part of it down. He claimed to be content with his life and the choices he made, which was hopeful, and again seemed genuine. And i was really happy to hear that, because as we departed ways, he said you know that silly Internet CD company. ..
Fucking AOL.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:28:16
@_date: 2017-12-05 09:46:26
Exactly. Anyone with a brain sold their coin at $100, or $500 or that time it hit $1250 randomly. It's impossible to know. Truth is the true Bitcoin millionaires probably just lost their password like me and figured it out later!
@_date: 2018-02-15 21:42:40
It is really funny what a troll he is. Goes from talking all technically about crypto, to asking about how exchange rates work, to bragging about selling a client's crypto and getting the cash, to wondering why a currency dropped in value, to asking how much to buy his 'girlfriend' bigger boobs, and then back to early stage crypto tech comments with seemingly real info. 
Just so all over the place, it's hard to keep up!
My guess is that it is actually a guy in Germany with a ... 14 year old son maybe? ...  and the kid goes on his Dad's reddit account from time to time and tries to keep up but ends up asking silly questions that get all mixed in to some real comments. The giveaway is the thread asking how much to buy a boob job for his girlfriend ... that points right at a 14 year old brain haha. 