@_author: garlke
@_date: 2016-11-01 07:12:37
The other day I was in the market to buy a used phone. Kijiji was down and so was Paypal due to the DNS attacks. OpenBazaar was of course still running, being decentralized, as was its native payment network Bitcoin. I didn't have to give my name, phone number, email or credit card number to the seller or any other party. My funds were held in escrow until I received the package in the mail. In the usual paradigm I'd have to ask my bank to release funds to Paypal to transmit money to a multi-national corporation to pay the seller all of which can block or reverse the transaction and keep records about me and my purchases on systems of unknown security. In short, I was able to buy the phone without the side-effects usually associated with buying things online. This reduces my cognitive load, and I'm happier for it.
I also got an effective 30% discount on the list price since Bitcoin appreciated with the respect to my fiat conversion price.
Generally speaking, Bitcoin enables you to transfer value to anyone with an internet connection, any time of day regardless of whether their bank is open or what currencies it supports. Once a payment's complete, I can forget about it. There's no bill to pay at the end of the month, and there's no reason to check that my receipts add up to what it claims. I can "push" money to people on a regular basis without pre-authorizing them take whatever they want.
Also know that anyone you can pay Bitcoin can also send you Bitcoin by the same method. Your CC won't do that. You pay no fees to receive money, and its amazingly simple to set up. Since it's so easy, it might incentivize you to monetize something you might not have otherwise. That could be a unique photo set, personalized tutorials, translation services, rideshares, old stuff in the garage.. anything really. You could shovel your neighbours drive-ways for the cardio, and get tipped to the QR code on your jacket. Similarly, you can add a payment address to the end of your blog posts. It costs you nothing to do, and offers people a way to encourage your behaviour.
Edit: missed a word