@_author: garmin-ham
@_date: 2014-11-23 21:22:19
I hope you got the chance to read the few posts here, it's a kinda small thread.
CCN just wrote an article about HAM. I think it has a great insight into what we see. An alternate blockchain source, and a few others as well. Crypto is very dependent on our dream like infrastructure we all enjoy. This story covers the what if part...
 
I believe whole heartily that bitcoin needs a plan B. We are the proving ground for just such a thing. I would rather test with 1000 hamradiocoins than 1000 bitcoins, but maybe it's just me ;-) 
 
@_date: 2014-11-26 06:45:54
I am one of the founders of Hamradiocoin. You seem to be a hater passing fud from website to website... Show us the trade charts with the pump and dumps. If you were not such a dik and belonged to a radio club we would send you some for free. But since ur being a dik... NO HAM 4 U
@_date: 2014-11-16 18:53:58
Like most altcoins hamradiocoin is a type of proving ground for a concept. A place to start! And get people talking about the possibilities.
Like the event below
In the spring of 2015 HAMRadiocoin will attempt a Earth-Moon-Earth communication over HAM radio!
What will the payload be? Hamradiocoin of course  Grin
Earth-Moon-Earth communication (EME), also known as moon bounce, is a radio communications technique which relies on the propagation of radio waves from an Earth-based transmitter directed via reflection from the surface of the Moon back to an Earth-based receiver.
This is just the begining... HAM will boldly go where no other crypto coins have gone before.
@_date: 2014-11-16 20:53:07
We can tweak our wallet any which way. I doubt bitcoin will endorse this. We would like to add alias addresses so amateur call signs can be used as addresses, an android wallet with QR scan, and are seeking discussion on how to set additional goals, in a practice arena. it also helps benefit bitcoin by introducing radio people into crypto without a bitcoin sized investment. look at what's been done already. It started with an SSTV image and  a DM780 template  then progressed to a PSK63 type transfer and next a moon bounce. our wheel has spokes lets add some more, how else can HAM be transfered over radio... =)
BTW Amateur radio rules do not allow "radio for profit" so we suggest one way to use it be for "not for profit"
radio club fundraisers etc we have radio clubs that accept both HAM &amp; BTC on our site map  
We invite all clubs worldwide to add themselves to the map. Start accepting HAMradiocoin and Bitcoin for club donations simply by installing the wallet &amp; adding a HAM &amp; BTC address to your website, newsletters etc...
@_date: 2016-02-12 03:23:52
Sat Bandwidth is kinda expensive, there is some info around the net with people talking about various types of RF communications
but no info about anyone actually doing it.  The HAM project has been trying to use many different types of RF communication with some success...
All methods we have been testing can benefit crypto as a whole
because most coins should be able use the same methods.
We are ham radio guys and crypto guys with a growing network
from ham to sat and even p2p wifi, the potential is almost limitless
except for FCC and international RF rules.
Due to the value of BTC we thought experimenting would best be served on an inexpensive platform =)  
@_date: 2016-02-12 03:36:38
We did that a long while ago back in December 2014
That's another reason we made special coin, we can put a greater focus on the RF tech itself.