@_author: garthnotwayne
@_date: 2014-05-27 20:47:10
Thanks for your response (and link - will have to read this at a later point; blew my tiny little mind) 
I was aware of the incentive to be honest - that attackers only risk devaluing their haul, removing the incentive to spend time and money to attack the network in the first place. I suppose in some sense I thought there must be something more concrete preventing this attack - "some men just want to watch the world burn" after all. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 05:56:03
To be fair, I have just read the terms of service, and the limitation of 'service providers' liability is a little worrying. Vault insurance is listed under 'services', so you would struggle to argue insurers are not service providers. The difference between this and the FedEx example in my earlier comment is that FedEx explicitly state that they do not provide insurance (an insurer does) - and therefore when they limit their liability they are clearly not doing so on behalf of the insurer. 
I would add that this is perhaps an accidental ambiguity. Xapo's insurer is a captive, but will be subject to the same regulation as an independent insurer, and is being managed by a very reputable broker. Therefore, for all intents and purposes, it is a third party insurer; meaning it would make no sense for Xapo to exclude the insurers liability for insured losses because it would not be Xapo picking up the bill. 
Last point - contra proferentem (in English law at least, but I think there is something similar in the States) means that, where there is ambiguity in a contract, the law will give the benefit of the doubt to the party who did not draft the contract. Therefore, it is unlikely that Xapo could enforce this limit of liability on behalf of their insurer, given the representations they make elsewhere in their TOS about the coins being fully insured. However, if it takes a judge to rule this, the service would clearly have fallen short. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:18:14
Definitely! Thank you! 
Just one question - what is the majority of the network? How many nodes need to accept/reject the block for it to be added/not added to the block chain? 
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:58:23
They wouldn't as they are 2 different contracts with distinct parties - TOS is between Xapo and their customer, and insurance is (making the same assumptions as my previous comment) between insurer and customer. 
If anyone wants to know what you'll recover from the insurance in the event of a loss, you need to look at the policy as a self contained document. 
Out of interest, has anyone seen the policy? Would Xapo let a prospective customer have a copy? 
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:23:14
You're right - the insurance company that covers Xapo is an insurer called Meridian and is owned by Xapo (aka a 'captive'). I'm surprised how few people pick up on this point when criticising the insurance coverage. 
I don't personally know huge amounts about captives, as they are a very specialist part of the insurance market, but it seems in this case that Xapo formed Meridian out of necessity due to a lack of appetite from insurers for Bitcoin related risks. It is managed by Willis, who are one of the largest insurance brokers in the world, so that stands it in good stead. But one thing that Xapo haven't mentioned about captives is that they often buy their own insurance (called reinsurance) from large reinsurers to cover losses if they are so large that they threaten the capitalisation of the captive. It would be interesting to know what Xapo's plan B is if there was to be a catastrophic event - due to the aforementioned lack of appetite, I'd be surprised if Xapo's risk made its way to the insurance market in any way, shape or form. 
@_date: 2014-08-03 17:22:37
I haven't seen the TOS, or the insurance policy (if anyone has links, I would appreciate it so I can give a more informed opinion); but, working in the insurance industry, I can think of many examples of companies who limit their liability in this way without detriment to their customers. 
For example, FedEx (  limit their liability to $20 per kilo should anything happen to your shipment. This is still the case when you insure your shipment - it is the insurance provider, not FedEx, who undertake to compensate you for your loss. 
Insurance operates on the principle of indemnity: that the sufferer of a loss should be made whole. If Xapo's insurer offer to pay you for your lost coins, why does it matter that Xapo don't? 
Again, I would caveat that I haven't seen the documents; but would be happy to clear this up further having seen them. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:35:35
Worth tweeting them to find out. Doubt it. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 19:49:41
Got my invite today too. 
Asked a few questions about the insurance policy and didn't really get any encouraging responses. 
It's a difficult spot for Bitcoin related businesses though. Customers need protection but it's too much of an 'unknown unknown' for insurers at the moment. 
Really hoping that Circle (or another business) can absolutely nail some great cover for their customers soon. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:53:02
Correct - in the terms of service; not by law in any jurisdiction. If Xapo have so wronged you that you want to sue them, surely you're not going to cry a river over violating their terms of service to sue them? 
@_date: 2015-11-16 20:26:07
To the moo....oh