@_author: garylarryterrycherry
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:22:50
I'm getting really bad BCC vibes from this.
@_date: 2018-01-17 22:39:35
And last year's dip was earlier than this. 
I didnt make this image but check it out (
I verified the timings of the dips on coinmarketcap.com (but you can do it too if you want)
I think the big thing that people don't understand is that while many people do buy bitcoin as a tool for speculation, there are just as many people who are buying bitcoin to keep their hard earned money away from outside parties (govt, family, spouse,etc) and because bitcoin isn't usable to purchase things, they need to exchange it for fiat that they can use to purchase things. 
This years drop seems rather significant but its largely a combination of factors which have built up so much momentum. weak hands (in small part to crypto's popularity, bitconnect scam), tax law changes, lunar new year, etc  which is why we are seeing such a substantial dip. 
That being said, I did not sell (Should have, although jumping through the hoops to deal with taxes is just more trouble than its worth) but I am (and you should too) take the opportunity to increase your holdings in your favorite coins these next couple of weeks. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:43:45
Think about how much time it may take to get your withdrawal processed. Then think about how much time it may take to purchase and deliver your gift (if you buy online). 
Now finally. think about all the people that go BlackFriday shopping for christmas gifts and then think about the timing of the dates of BlackFriday( end of Nov) in comparison to Christmas
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:55:22
You know what is programmed like clockwork? Holiday sales. 
Can anyone think of a major American holiday sale that occurs every year without fail 3-4 weeks prior to another American holiday?
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:04:37
what scares me about this is that because Bitfinex has become such a household name and that people have been exchanging their money and BTC for Tether, and a whole bunch of other exchanges have started accepting Tether, it just takes the owner of Bitfinex to bail out and a huge # of BTC and money will be siphoned out of the market.
it almost sounds like BitConnect, except on a larger scale and without the promises of unsustainable returns
I hope thats not true because otherwise Cryptocurrencies will lose public faith for a VERY long time.
@_date: 2018-05-23 20:19:40
So there are a few issues that I saw here.
 1) The questioner asks a question in English and Craig and others answer in english and then SantoshiGold switches it to Chinese. That is pretty rude and I would say that if you are a public facing CEO of a company, even if you are in your own country, you should be prepared to speak in the language which has been dictated by the conference. In this case english
2) Craig is pissy and needs to chill out. Instead of being a jackass, he should have tried utilize his communication skills to ask the guy to communicate in a language which everyone (including himself) could understand. Instead he escalated the situation (why? to save his ego?) and got escorted out
3) Bitcoin Gold CEO needs to practice his english for conferences more. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 02:10:56
I would say that when participating in a public discussion (conference), it is common courtesy to use the language in which everyone can understand. English very commonly used **(yes even in Taiwan and China P.S. many Asian natives are taught to be fluent in English as well as native language since they are young in elementary grade schools. Many of them esp those aspiring to immigrate or do business can speak better english than many americans)** and when you're in a public-facing role, you should be trying to promote solidarity by including all rather than to select groups.
At dinners and meetings, if someone says something in a language that others cannot understand, they usually explain. In this case, BitcoinGold guy did not try to explain but instead switched to native tongue to which CSW could not understand. CSW definitely overreacted but both parties had fault here.
@_date: 2018-03-09 00:01:37
tax tho
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:21:53
the thing that people forget is that Bitcoin is software. As much hate as the development team gets, they're working on new features. The bitcoin today isn't going to be the same bitcoin as tomorrow (future). 
part of the reason why we are falling right now is because people are impatient. Yes the price spiked too fast and unorganically for the feature set that the millions of people expecting a 20k coin to provide. and now Bitcoin is paying the price for it. But software development is a slow and iterative process (Especially when a single change could impact millions of users). Theres a reason why people say to look long term. Part of HoLd-ing is the patience that is required.
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:26:44


if you are trying to convince people to hold their bitcoins, this is probably not the best way to go about doing it
@_date: 2018-02-22 23:27:43
I watched the whole video and honestly he spends most of the time rambling and trying to gather pity from the viewer
@_date: 2018-02-22 23:25:10
Like you said, I think it was implied, Rockcoons had an idea, but knew that he had plausible deniability which is why he agreed to the deal.
He was most likely also participating in tax evasion ( see the 50k inheritance from his mom that he took and spent in the woods until he ran out of money)
HOW DO YOU SPEND 50K IN A TENT IN THE WOODS.
there is alot to his story that he's not sharing (or even making up). Hes definitely saying alot of things to try to appeal to the "military" crowd, the "bitcoin" crowd, and the "philanthropic" crowd with his whole ( i have no money, no way to pay my lawyer etc)
*edit* can anyone actually verify that he's been helping the bitcoin community in the "unmeasurable" ways that he's brought up or is it just all talk
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:27:29


not all stocks are dividend stocks
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:07:35
In the past, were the crashes related to artificial inflation(due to tether) or intentional scamming brought upon by inflated demand( people trading FIAT for BTC for bitconnect) ?
I'm going long on my coins, but these 2 pieces of information is constantly getting left out of the conversation.
Without the mass public being driven to purchase mass amounts of bitcoins at a high price to trade for BCC (Bitconnect) or massive amounts of Tethers being pumped into the system to pump up the price of BTC.I'm concerned that if this dips down to &lt;$1k it will take many years before it climbs back up. (over 3+  years)
The crashes in the past have been mostly the result of incompetence(hacks, theft and exchange shutdowns) which is forgivable and not from intentional manipulation by groups/individuals(futures, tether limited, bitconnect). Let me know what you think
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:03:41


this is an age old metaphor that was relevant back when the internet wasn't around yet. back then, without proper guidence and teaching, it was impossible for a normie to obtain knowledge on how to give advice  as a stock trader, or a lawyer, or a doctor. 
but these days, with the right google searching abilities, you can learn how to cook, code, trade stocks, solve calculus, design 3D graphics, plan for a wedding/retirement etc
That said, I'm not saying that you're wrong, crypto is gonna need a long time to recover however, i've seen alot of people spouting the shoeshiner/bartender quote around and it really needs to be retired
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:57:33
Youre not factoring in the idea that if BTC crashes, and all the miners decide that it is no longer worth mining BTC and decide to mine another coin... **we may never reach that hard limit**