@_author: gasaddict
@_date: 2014-06-30 17:41:39
You weren't scammed by the person whose account you deposited cash into, you were the victim of a Man-in-the-Middle attack. It's a crappy situation but it was the owners of FastestCoins.com that scammed you, not the account holder where you deposited money to.
And dude it sucks, you lost some money, but you're really doing it all wrong if you want to get the person responsible and get your money back.
If you truly are a victim, and not working with the FastestCoins.com scammers yourself (which people have been doing), you need to follow this up with filing a police report and getting law enforcement involved and going after the people who contacted you from FastestCoins.com.
Trying to leak the information of the other victim (the legitimate seller on LocalBitcoins.com) is silly and short-sighted. Instead you should pursue any legal options available to you and cooperate with the seller to get the LocalBitcoins IP information and login details of the actual person who scammed you (username Kenneth_Satantis from LocalBitcoins, aka FastestCoins people).
Good luck getting your money back and hopefully you can help find the real scammer and make sure he can't do this again.
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:35:20


@_date: 2017-01-15 03:15:20
@_date: 2015-07-18 23:38:51
You have no business answering the question yet you are free to reference it otherwise and namedrop that you have some "exclusive" knowledge? Sounds like a bunch of bullshit.
If you aren't supposed to talk about it, **don't talk about it**. You come across as less than genuine when you act like a child and reference the topic on your own and then play the "oh I'm not supposed to talk about that" card. I'm really curious to know your reasoning behind that selective non-disclosure policy you've implemented.
Also your entire "I do nothing but help people" shtick is tired and untrue. Your [tweet here]( that you retweeted on your personal account about how "enforcements are coming" comes across as 100% dick -- nice to see you celebrating that and taunting other Bitcoin ATM operators. Whether that is your intention or not, you come across as some elitist ass and even [called you out on it]( 
Not butthurt at all, just calling it like I see it, but feel free to keep spamming your links in this subreddit. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 16:58:07
Can you please stop plugging your blog on here every chance that you get? You like advertising your links nonstop but don't actually seem to have any genuine interest in helping others. You namedrop that you have knowledge of a new Bitcoin ATM manufacturer in [another thread]( and when people ask for more info, you never reply.
Honest question, do you just sit on Reddit 24/7 looking for threads about Bitcoin ATMs so that you can shill your link and play the self-professed AML/KYC expert or do you have a genuine interest in helping others?