@_author: gasteve
@_date: 2012-02-08 06:23:34
That's about right, except that you can set prices in 34 different currencies.  We currently support USD and BTC payouts (we have a couple merchants being paid out in GBP and EUR, but that isn't generally available yet).  The current rates are listed here: 
@_date: 2012-02-08 06:12:44
Bit-Pay.com does offer a JSON RPC API with push notifications when sales occur.  There is also a sample client that provides three command line utilities: createInvoice, getInvoice and invoiceListener.  The last one will pop out a JSON string to stdout whenever there is activity on an invoice (paid, confirmed, complete, etc).  The API documentation is here: 
@_date: 2012-06-28 18:32:45
Yeah, no contact information anywhere to be found…except on their contact page of course: 
@_date: 2011-09-13 03:23:59
I've used it several times and it's great...you walk into the bank branch (they dropped Chase and use BofA or Well Fargo now) with a wad of cash, make the deposit, take a picture of the receipt and email it to them...I use my phone to take the picture and do the email right after I make the deposit...every time I've done this so far, my account was credited by the time I made it back home (~15 minutes). 
@_date: 2011-12-22 19:22:11
He's making a pretty fundamental error in that article.  Also, I found it ironic that he talks about thinking outside the box, yet a large part of his article is entirely inside the box thinking.  For moving purchasing power through space, yes, the price does not matter, but for moving it through time it does matter.  He's correct that bitcoin is a protocol, but he seems completely oblivious to the fact that money is also a protocol.  And bitcoin most certainly is money.  Not only is it money, it's the purest form of money mankind has ever created.  In the future, there will not be a need to convert bitcoin to other national currencies because bitcoin will be exchangeable for goods and services directly.  National currencies are also digital currencies…their coins and bills being of only secondary importance (much like bitbills and casascius coins).  But they are to bitcoin what the dialup modem is to broadband…a technology that will eventually fade from existence.  I think people might actually be miscalculating the timelines as well.  It may not take as long as we think for this change to take place.