@_author: gat0loco
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:07:28
Hey, we are not a political foundation, we are a civil society organisation. Nothing to do with any party or agenda.
Note the A.C. in our name, stands for Asociación Civíl. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 05:05:42


Adeco (Acciones para el Desarrollo Comunitario A.C.
@_date: 2017-12-03 02:52:49
Dude, this is such an awesome dynamic. I'm relatively new to BTC and haven't seen it from this perspective. There are so many NGO's doing good and creative work around the world and many of us have tough times with funding, specially when it comes to funding through the internet, where yo always have some intermediary or the other, this is great news for the future, as everyone as an individual will be able to participate in anything that may sound worthwhile. I'm just getting exited as I write this. 
Anyways, to the point, I work with an NGO in Mexico called Adeco (Acciones para el Desarrollo Comunitario A.C.) which means actions for communitarian development. We work in low income and indigenous communities. We have 3 main projects: Adult Literacy, "Canto que florece" (Flowering chant) which is a social inclusion project within a musical framework; and Tlalaná Which focuses in generating community projects lead by the youngsters of the community. 
Our "Mission" is: To generate, contribute and participate in social projects of education, culture and artistic manifestations, science and technology development, equity of gender, participation and citizen self-management, defense and promotion of human rights, sustainable development to improve the popular economy and promotion of fair commerce, improvement of the best use of natural resources promoting the protection, conservation and restoration of biodiversity and environmental equilibrium.
Our website: 
Thanks a lot for your generosity, this sort of things reassures me that the future is bright and the digital era will by far render a better, happier, core compassionate and truly soldiery human spices, we need to get the intermediaries out of the game, and this process fortunately has already begone and it's here to "virtually" stay. I deffo rather be regulated by maths than being regulated by people. :) 
EDIT: btw, here is our donation page  we don't have the bitcoin option yet (my friends think I'm crazy with my "game-coins" but if someone would actually like to make a bticoin donation, I could convince the webmaster to put out the BTC option.
EDIT2: Of course we don't contribute in the scale as huge as khan academy or TOR which are global projects, that's why a donetion of this magnitud would have a great positive effect in affecting more people locally, to people that the internet or BTC is utterly out of their reality (if they even know they exist). 
Here's another way to fund (which in my opinion is not the best option, given fees, etc): 