@_author: gateymcgateface
@_date: 2018-08-11 02:14:31


YTD, against USD, the Lira has lost 69% of its value.  For BTC it is a 52-60% loss.
Doesn't matter what you think will happen in the future, as of right now, this is a fact.  You guys will twist anything to fit your narrative, huh
@_date: 2018-08-10 13:19:48
You aren't comparing apples to apples here.  The only rational way that I can think of to compare a fiat currency to btc is with a money velocity metric, or maybe a m1/m2 ratio.  Unfortunately, with so much of the transaction volume taken off the chain - it is now a lot harder to measure.  It has actually always been underrepresented, because the majority of Coinbase's have always been off chain - including merchant services.  Bitcoin's velocity is higher than that of the USD m2, and in the past has come close to the m1.  Bitpay's reported numbers from last year would have put it at 2.6% of the entire btc monetary base, if we make the very safe assumption that Coinbase did equally well with their merchant services: 5.2% of Bitcoin's monetary base was used on two merchant services alone.  You think that speculators are shuffling 100k of btc around everyday just to throw sand in everybody's eyes?
So to be clear: btc is regularly transacted at a higher rate than USD m2, so it isn't being hoarded by speculators.  The only thing that leaves is the question of its value against the USD, and how much of that value is based in speculation vs increased utility.  Without a doubt both have increased over the years, but I'm leaning towards the increased utility being the primary motivator.
@_date: 2018-08-10 08:34:07


Unfortunately there is no way to know that.  At the 20k spike? Obviously.  At "its current price"?  I'm less confident in that declaration.  I just read a [poll]( that estimated 2% of Americans own/have owned btc.  That is 6.5 million people, which is a lot more than I would have expected for such an unfriendly technology.  Global remittances alone accounts for over $500 billion, even if bitcoin only found use it that - you think that would put the price at less than $3k?


... you really can't say that without at least including some rationale.  Unless you're just making shit up.  I remember merchant interest in the low hundreds, as well as the small community.  I absolutely hate the level of discourse in the Bitcoin community today, having come from the crypto-anarchist side of things, but it is a sign that interest has exploded - eternal September is here.  You think there is no more commercial use now than then?


There are those that think strategically, and those that think tactically.  Go check on bcash to see how well playing that game works out.
@_date: 2018-08-07 14:52:09
lol, you wouldn't believe the insanity you'd see on the order books 5 years ago.  It was a beautiful combination of zero attempts at regulation, massive arbitrage opportunities, ridiculous leverage backed by super rickety peer to peer margin, and unrestricted quote feeds.  As somebody who came in with experience in trading using a nasdaq lvl 2 feed, I was absolutely blown away.
@_date: 2018-08-10 05:24:49
Old strong hand reporting in: there are some morons in this thread.  You know how much Bitcoin would be worth if nobody spent it?  $0.  You should be thanking whatever deity you worship that us old timers bought pizzas, drugs, servers, VPN service, meals for the homeless, and music with our btc.  Hell, I've probably spent hundreds of btc - some of that even going to Roger Ver long before he turned to the dark side.  If you are so wretchedly poor that you can't actively replace spent coins, then maybe you should stop dispensing financial advice and instead simply enjoy the ride while the adults handle things.