@_author: gatsbestfriend
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:10:14
Well. There's always been talk about Bitcoin reaching 5K and 10K. It was usually some self-proclaimed Bitcoin millionaire sitting atop a sports car in a dressed-down suit preaching, “Hold. Trust me, you’ll be happy when Bitcoin is worth $10K – and it will be.” I never truly believed, I guess, or I would have put my money where my mouth was. 
This mindset, the obsession with fiat gains, has damaged Crypto as a currency, and Bitcoin now exists as a pseudo security with none of the benefits of an actual security.
The last time I remember hearing the word “Bitcoin” on the news, it had just broke $1,000 USD. At that time, abstractions about value, increased mining difficulty, and complex wallets deterred mainstream adoption. Alt Coins started to emerge as the next quick buck. Soon after, MtGox fell and I think the public trust in Crypto dissolved with it. In the following years, the Chinese stepped up their game. Dedicated mining operations started popping up, pushing the blockchain further along. Things just hummed.
Three years of low volatility (relative to Crypto) allowed MtGox’s mishaps to slip from the public memory. It was then I thought Bitcoin would reach its true potential as a currency. Things seemed leveled off at ~$250-350 a coin and I thought people would start using Bitcoin without fear of losing fiat gains during the next market craze. No one wants to be that guy who paid 10,000 BTC for a couple of pizzas.
Enter Ether, ICOs, the Chinese ban, and mainstream blockchain-tech adoption. Bitcoin is up $5K in less than five months. The people not holding before the boom are scrambling to cash-in and ride part of the run.
To answer your question, I guess – yeah. Some people have always been saying $5K, $10K, $100K. Well, here we are. $6K today. But that triumph looks to be built on glass stilts.
Will Bitcoin hit $10K by ’18? Will it settle back down to $2,500 in two months? The truth is no one knows. Advocates, particularly those vested, will absolutely say “to the moon.” Why wouldn’t they? They’ve got skin in the game on being the next Winklevoss. Those on the outside see all Crypto as a huge gamble. They’ve got a point; what other “security” fluctuates by double digit percentages in a day?
These things come in waves. Alt-Coins, ICOs, the next big money grab. On the cusp of those waves, the word “Bitcoin” starts showing up everywhere, re-enforcing the idea of Bitcoin as an investment.
I’ll probably be holding a little more during the next market craze in about three years, but I'm not giving up pizza for it.
