@_author: gauliaean
@_date: 2017-11-01 07:37:18
Love it, would be interested, if it provides full encryption. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 12:04:43
That's awesome, seems you will have one more user then!
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:19:41
**For those, who cannot access WSJ:**
Two leading Asian nations took contrasting measures related to cryptocurrencies Friday, with Japan giving exchanges the green light to operate just as South Korea added its weight to a recent global regulatory crackdown.
Japan’s Financial Services Agency handed out its first licenses for digital-currency exchanges, allowing them to operate legally in the country and further solidifying the upstart currency’s status in the world’s third-largest economy.
BitFlyer, the largest digital-currency exchange in Japan and one of the largest in the world, was among the 11 exchanges receiving a license, as was a smaller exchange called Quoine. Of the 11, nine were existing and two were new, while an additional 17 operators are under examination, the agency said.
“It has been a long and challenging process but we are excited and truly grateful,” said Quoine Chief Executive Mike Kayamori.
Japan has emerged this year as the largest market for bitcoin trading, at the same time as China has clamped down on its bitcoin industry. Roughly 50% of all bitcoin volume is via the bitcoin/yen trading pair. A year ago, yuan/bitcoin trading comprised about 93% of all bitcoin trading.
The emergence of Japan as a major trading center led some Chinese bitcoin traders to shift their investing activities to Tokyo and, to a lesser extent, South Korea. Their emergence as important markets for cryptocurrencies helped bitcoin shrug off Beijing’s regulatory crackdown and fueled a year-long rally.
The price of bitcoin declined 25% after the Chinese clampdown but recently traded at $4,160.
South Korea meantime said it would step up inspections of virtual-currency exchanges and join other leading economies in banning so-called initial coin offerings.
Initial coin offerings—the sale of bitcoin-like “tokens” to fund new businesses—have come under intense scrutiny this year from regulators world-wide who see cybersecurity and fraud risks in the red-hot market. Korea’s Financial Services Commission cited a rise in criminal cases involving cryptocurrencies. In addition to ICOs, the regulator said it would ban coin margin transactions—buying virtual currencies with borrowed money.
The penalties for illegal acts will be “stern,” it added.
“South Korea is following China, the U.S. and Singapore to tighten regulations on ICOs and shares the view of other countries about the risks associated with trading virtual currencies,” the regulator said. “The FSC is concerned that ICOs would lead to fraudulent transactions and is concerned about the market becoming overheated.”
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said this week it had established a cyber unit to target internet-related misconduct, including violations of market rules involving ICOs and distributed-ledger technology, also known as a blockchain, which underpins cryptocurrencies.
China banned fundraising through ICOs this month as part of a wider crackdown on bitcoin trading. Financial regulators in Hong Kong and Singapore have said in recent months that they would regulate ICOs like any other fundraising, citing fraud concerns as well as the risk of money laundering and terrorist financing.
The U.K.’s Financial Conduct Authority warned investors this month that ICOs are “very high-risk, speculative investments” and vulnerable to fraud.