@_author: gauss-legendre
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:53:49
Volume accounts for both purchases and sales not a total influx of value. Exchanges of value don't directly mean that new money has pumped in. Clearly BCH had a pump of external value but that 4.58 billion dollars of volume doesn't mean 4.58 billion was added to it.
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:48:47


Wow, quite the authoritative figure. I didn't know you had such prestigious credentials.


You're also a primary source author, I see. Very impressed.
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:00:36
That's a terrible idea.
Why would a production company spend several million on films, games, or music anymore if they have no exclusive right to the media they produce? Same for the development of technology, how would an individual protect their rights to their intellectual property when attempting to manufacture a physical good through a 3rd party? What prevents their manufacturing or investment partners from just taking their intellectual property if the inventor has no recourse?
IP laws definitely need revisiting to prevent abuse, but scrapping them entirely is just dumb.
@_date: 2017-10-10 23:13:50


You are free to mess with as much patented technology as you want, but if you try to commercialize it you will have to pay restitution to the holder of that intellectual property.


Corporations do not currently do this with intellectual property laws, you are referring to trade secrets. The ability to patent a technology is what allows a company to be able to safely make their intellectual property public without fear of it being taken and used without restitution.
Your solution doesn't lead to your desired outcome of complete consumer or individual freedom regarding intellectual property, it leads to secrecy and consolidation of intellectual capital. 
If I as an individual can't get a legal protection for my intellectual property then I am unable to present it to investors, manufacturers, current or future employees, or other designers or engineers because I don't have the exclusive rights to my property. My invention can't be produced without the wealth and expertise to manufacture or distribute, so it looks like my only option is to already be wealthy enough to bring my idea to complete fruition.
A lawless society only benefits those that already hold power. In your lack of regulated intellectual property laws scenario, those without the individual means rely solely upon the word and graces of those who are incentivized to defraud them and take their property without compensation or recourse.


I have no idea where you have gotten this notion. You are not entitled to the fruits of another's labor without compensation.
@_date: 2017-10-18 03:19:42


Microsoft is bringing *simulated* quantum computing to their cloud services. These are essentially virtual machines capable of executing algorithms written for quantum computers but will not have the benefits of running natively. This serves as a verification system to insure your code works in a quantum system, not to deliver the performance of a quantum computer.
We are decades away from fully functioning quantum computers performing at or above the performance of classical machines for all problems that can't be handled on quantum annealers.
@_date: 2017-06-16 21:01:02
The price/value of bitcoin is generally the reference price as determined by the intersection of buy and sell orders on the exchange.
As demand increases, this reference price rises. Bitcoin is priced like a currency or precious metal in that it's value is driven mostly by demand and the risk associated with holding the asset.
Additionally, bitcoin options are now being traded on many exchanges. These are priced via a mathematical model based on the Black-Schole's equation.