@_author: gaussmouse
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:12:24
No, the issue is deflation at all. Spending creates liquidity, which incentivises production. Deflation incentivises saving, which necessarily means people are less willing to spend on non-essentials. It's for precisely this reason every currency aims for low but constant inflation - you can't sit on a pile of money and become rich, you need to invest and spend to maintain wealth. Deflation was the fuel of the Great Depression, the stock market crash was just the ignition.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:55:01


This is called famine, it has happened when economies crashed before modern monetary policy and it's pretty callous to want it and foolish to assume it won't happen if there's no money. It's in no way a good thing. I get the impression that you need to read a basic paper on how money is made, why debts are necessary and why deflation is not discipline but disorder. No serious economist has ever advocated deflation for over a century for a reason.
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:49:53


Who will pay for your labour when there's no investment?


What is the cost of construction? How much is a builder's wage? What about risk of losses?


Why? Less investment means smaller workforce, means fewer houses built, and assuming demand doesn't crash through the floor and people continue to need housing, prices might actually become higher. Worse, the richest can buy homes out and rent seek, yet now they're even greater beneficiaries when they do so as their rent naturally becomes worth more.
Whether you realise it or not, you're describing a race to the bottom economic depression on a scale the world has never seen. It would be devastating to all but the absolute richest.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:44:11
Japanese production is largely dependent on foreign demand, and it's very well known that their economy faces some huge issues if they don't get over deflation quickly; they've pumped a ton of money into the economy, and under a currency where they had no access to QE, like bitcoin, they would be in a depression, so not the best example.
I'm also not convinced harking back to the days of aristocracy and huge price variance due to a commodity are compelling arguments either; even then, the gold standard was not inherently deflationary, it just meant that if the economy began flagging there was no mechanism to rectify this at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:39:02
It's literally one of the main causes of the Great Depression. Please at least use google before asking economics 101 questions.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:25:20


If you think this won't happen on an economy run by bitcoin you're insane. All that's necessary is to buy essential utilities, and then deflation means the rich forcibly grow richer. You cannot be so deluded as to believe otherwise, surely? I mean, just consider landlords - they now have TWO appreciating assets whilst doing no productive work. Does that sound like a healthy economy?


is over there mate. You aren't making deep points, you're arguing things which most first year uni students can disprove within 2 minutes. The blunt reality is that you've been conned into wanting deflation because you don't understand the reasoning that's used to do the opposite, and just want more money. I won't begrudge you wanting wealth, but the ideology you're pursuing will make us all irreparable poorer. Well, it would, if anyone was ever seriously going to use bitcoin as a currency, which they won't.