@_author: gavygavs
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:30:25
This thread is filled with pure emotion and calls for panic selling. What about bitcoin has changed for you to justify selling? Do you no longer believe in the potential for bitcoin as a global, decentralized system of trust? If so, why not?  Why did you ever buy bitcoin? What's most frightening about this recent collapse is that I'm discovering just how many people are in this space only for the purpose of gambling. If that's the case, I look forward to them leaving as they're not contributing anything useful to the community.
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:19:13
If you bought bitcoin only because you thought you could sell it to a greater fool later on, you may have made a mistake and may want to consider selling. If you bought bitcoin because of fundamentals about the tech, then the price declined, so what? Nothing fundamental has changed, and the broader market's opinion about bitcoin shouldn't change your opinion.
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:37:55
Ha! It breaks my heart, but that's probably true. I thought November and December were insane when I wasn't able to sell enough because of Coinbase limits. In the long term I think this correction back down to around where it was is healthy even if it means my net worth goes down significantly in the process.
@_date: 2018-02-02 01:35:10
I never told anyone to just “hodl”, and I think in many ways we’re in agreement. I wasn’t trying to “bully” people—just challenging the reasoning they used to justify their original investment/speculation. My point was to encourage people not to make decisions based on emotion.  It’s true that “smart people invest in an asset to make money”, but it’s also true that smart people don’t invest in something they don’t understand, and they also don’t speculate with more than they can afford to lose. I also think that the worlds banking infrastructure (and other systems reliant on trust) will be changed by decentralized blockchain technology (not necessarily bitcoin) because it’s very clearly a more efficient way of doing things—just as the internet was a more efficient way of transmitting and sharing information decades ago.
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:13:43
Hodling results in lower liquidity. Holding all else equal, if liquidity decreases, the price will rise. It's effectively a drop in supply, and so it would result in a price appreciation. It is true that nobody in the market is willing to pay more than $8800 for a coin right now, but that just demonstrates how fickle and speculative this market is. The price itself is a function of supply among other things, so the fact that it's low also probably indicates that many people are selling right now, which becomes a positive feedback driving the price down even lower.