@_author: gaylibertarian
@_date: 2014-07-12 20:43:22
Sure, and this is where libertarians differ... I would actually say that libertarians are probably more split on this issue than any other. The philosophy of liberty in governed by the nonaggression principle. This means that it is immoral to use force, fraud, or coercion against another human being who is otherwise acting peacefully. That means it is immoral to use the force of government against a mother that wishes to terminate her own pregnancy.
Respecting the Non aggression principle also centers around NOT infringing upon others property rights. The ultimate property right is SELF-ownership meaning that we own our selves, our physical bodies. Some libertarians argue that an unborn baby is actually initiating force against the mother and violating her self-ownership by being there. Others assert that because the child is in essence A PART of the mothers own body she can do as she wishes.
There is also a sizable contingent of libertarians that believe the unborn child is entitled to its own self ownership and acts of force against it are immoral.
What ever one believes the overwhelming consensus is that using the force of government is never appropriate and while some libertarians find abortion morally wrong, allowing government to use force against the mother who is simply acting on here own conscience isn't right. There are many other ways to deal with abortion if one finds it repugnant. Government force is never the answer...
@_date: 2014-07-12 10:43:46
I personally dont vote because I see it as an act of coercion - using the force of government to push your will onto others via politicians - and I think most philosophical "little l" libertarians share this view.
I do think however, that Libertarian Party members probably DO vote for Republican candidates statistically more but believe me they are not happy about it... especially if they are a social conservative. I would imagine that an exceptionally small percentage of libertarians vote for religious/social conservatives. Libertarians across the board are socially liberal. We dont necessarily believe that government should regulate marriage in the first place but are definitely for gay marriage under the current paradigm...
We are also primarily pro-choice, and though some may find it morally reprehensible to use "force in this matter" libertarians would never advocate using the force of government to tell someone what they can or cant do with their body.
Most libertarians are for amnesty, if not completely open-borders. Here is where "little l" vs "Big L" can show some disparity however. And, obviously we are for ending the drug war completely...
I think there has actually been a concerted effort to link libertarians with small-government conservative-tea party types, which is a facetious designation... We are fiscally conservative, and want to cut spending and lower taxes across the board, but thats ALL we have in common with the "right." We are definitely more liberal than conservative. Especially on all the above listed social issues and on foreign policy, being that we are non-interventionist. And its important to understand that establishment republicans are only Republican in name only and are always for expanding government when it suits them. Maybe thats why libertarians have been linked with the Tea Party, because even though many are socially backward they do want to reign in government...
Libertarians are the most ideological consistent group in the nation. We say that it is not appropriate to use the force of government to undermine anyone's liberties EVER... Not just when it suit us like liberals and conservative... who say yeah we want liberty but we'll be damned if gays can marry .... or we want tolerance just as long as you don't say something we disagree with ... and we want freedom of choice but oh its OK to totally take away people choices by using government to FORCE them to do what we deem appropriate though taxation and regulation and mandates...
...kind of a double standard....
