@_author: gazos
@_date: 2014-11-14 15:46:42
Did you read it? He talks about their investment in OneName which is built on Namecoin.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:08:47
I understand the 51% attack problem as more of an operations issue than a protocol issue that can be solved. The operators and users of the Bitcoin network are naturally incentivized to prevent a 51% attack. Either by exercising self-control or actively excluding threatening nodes. All the economic incentives are setup to maintain a fairly balanced network, because if it becomes unbalanced to the point a 51% attack is likely then BTC is heavily devalued and even the attacker suffers. It'd be very expensive to create a large network capable of a 51% attack and it seems unlikely that it'd be profitable.
@_date: 2014-11-15 15:22:23
There is a psychological barrier when deciding whether to pay for anything, and this may kill micropaywalls. This is a point made well in *Free: The Future of a Radical Price* by Chris Anderson. Tipping is great because it's so voluntary. People feel good about and often obligated to tip when they enjoy free content.
@_date: 2014-05-11 18:05:28
I'm not claiming to be an expert on this, but it's decentralized so everyone would decide individually to identify and exclude the attacker. That might be technically very difficult or impossible however if it's a distributed attack.
You have a good point about free riders. Given the nature of the attack, I could see there not being enough individual incentive to stop it. If a single "criminal" entity attacked the network to double-spend, I feel like that'd be stopped. However, down the road a group of governments might be perceived as friendly by enough of the network to permit it. This would likely result in a fork in the block chain as many wouldn't accept the new government controlled network.  
@_date: 2014-05-11 20:08:30
They'd read about it on Reddit of course!
@_date: 2014-07-05 13:53:48
For me, it's about the platform more than fees or politics. Bitcoin is poised to disrupt the financial industry like the Internet disrupted mail and music. It's money that's native to the digital and mobile world. It's an open standard for global financial transactions. It's also a store of value similar to gold. There's never been anything like it though, and attempts to compare it directly to something else usually fail.
For consumers, it speeds up and simplifies transactions, is as easy to use locally as globally, in many cases (but not all) lowers costs, cuts out middleman, and provides more choice. For businesses, the benefits are similar, but there is also the potential for a wide range of new innovative financial services that we're just now starting to see.
The dream is that every phone and computer is integrated seamlessly with the Bitcoin network, and we leave the old fashioned world of wallets full of cash and credit cards behind. You wouldn't have to provide something like your credit card number to online merchants, and worry if it'll be stolen. Instead, you just pay with digital cash then walk away.
Talking about fees is important, but is a trap. Lots of existing financial services offer no or very low fees. The Bitcoin transaction fee is not that low today either, but this problem [is being] ( [worked on] ( For example, I moved 0.01 BTC to ChangeTip yesterday, and Coinbase paid a 0.0002 BTC transaction fee for me (2%). We could talk about the details of that fee but there was a sizable fee paid.
The politically controversial elimination of central banks seems necessary if you want something with the properties of Bitcoin. I just don't see how you could have a secure digital world currency anytime soon otherwise. The political desire to control a currency is just too high. Trying to secure a centralized digital currency also seems like a disaster waiting to happen. If the world governments wanted to try to compete with Bitcoin, they might just have to create a fork where they control the supply and do the mining, but by the time they did that it may be too difficult to compete with the size of the Bitcoin network without draconian regulation.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:04:38
I posted to about [fractal bubble patterns] ( as an attempt to understand this. It seems that what could have been a big bubble popped at a major resistance level mostly because of some news, and we're likely to make another run at it after things settle down, but who knows how big the next bubble will be. We could have another failure to launch, or a big bubble as the prophecy foretells.
@_date: 2014-11-09 13:43:48
And there weren't smartphones becoming ubiquitous throughout the world. Visa had to deploy a network of hardware that Bitcoin doesn't because they didn't have the Internet or smartphones to piggy back on.