@_author: gbates31
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:41:19
Why does it matter that a few years ago the domain name pointed to servers that were used for Magic cards?
@_date: 2013-05-11 21:31:09
There's a few problems with that scenario:
If someone or group bought all the BTC they were able to, they would be left with a currency that's priced so high that very few people will want it, since the price will likely fall if it were reintroduced into the market.  They would have spend billions acquiring something that they themselves made almost worthless.
Unless the person or group were able to track down every person who had BTC and someway was able to buy or coerce the BTC from them, that person or group would be limited to acquiring coins from the exchanges.  The amount of coins being traded on exchanges is less than the total number of BTC.
Probably the biggest reason that something like this won't likely be tried is that the billions of USD necessary to "corner the market" comes with an opportunity cost.  There's better ways of spending money than trying to accomplish a goal that is probably not even feasible.  I think the only entities who would try it are governments since they are not quite as attuned to the mechanisms of profit and loss as normal institutions are.
@_date: 2013-04-28 23:09:20
I'm still waiting. It's been 2 or 3 weeks.  I've also sent 3 polite emails to support and have yet to receive a single response.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:13:19
Bitcoin will only ever be as useful as people find uses for it.
@_date: 2013-03-29 16:41:36
I'm gonna be blunt: It's fine to be ignorant of markets and other things, but in your case not only do you not understand how markets function, you foam at the mouth when anyone challenges your incorrect assumptions.  
Exchanges exist as a convenient tool to convert one type of desirable good to another.  Without exchanges, a person would have to ask around, going from person to person hoping that the next person they meet wants what they have and that they can agree on a reasonable price.  An exchange is a central location where everyone who wishes to engage in a particular transaction can do so more easily.  Eventually, some people realize that they have enough money and time to make a living helping people make trades faster - and they're called "market makers."
Market makers are a critical part of the success and proper functioning of exchanges.  They greatly cut down on the amount of time it takes for a person to find someone willing to make the exchange and at a reasonable price.  If you are a casual investor with an immediate time preference or someone just looking to make a trade for whatever reason, when you place a market order and the order is filled that order was filled by a market maker who placed a limit order.  Every buy and sell happens on exchanges because market makers are willing to take risk and compete with each other to satisfy market demand.  Every trade that happens rewards market makers for taking risk and competing to provide service.
Now, speculators - people who try to anticipate market demand and the direction exchange prices will go.  According to that definition, everyone who has a portfolio or invests - short-term or long-term - is a speculator.  Their function is important in at least two ways: they increase the liquidity available to market makers and therefore non-speculators AND they smooth out a price fluctuations caused by  large-volume orders placed by non-speculators.  Smoothing out macro price movements enables the next non-speculator to get more for their sale and pay less for their purchase than they otherwise would have.
This whole system is incredibly beneficial to everyone involved.  Even people who don't directly benefit from trading on exchanges are still rewarded in ways like lower and more stable prices on consumer goods.
Seriously, try your hand at speculation.  You might find that not only is it not a bad thing, but you may personally have some skill at it - or at least luck - and you're making decent side income or maybe you choose to do it full-time and quit your regular job.