@_author: gbleezy
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:04:43
I like your idea! I agree mining and the rigs need to be promoted and pushed to more general household use inorder to steer the technology towards a more decentralized existence! Unfortunately I don't think bitcoin itself will ever make it there on its own, but rather a forked altcoin that will be used to hold some kind of value for the masses that will make a household miner a sort of requisite for participating in the ecosystem! i think Bitcoin as it is has too much inertia moving towards the centralized data center production level market to really change gears and have household mining ever be seen as viable for makers or miners. I think once the new Bitcoin 2.0 is chosen, part of that will be an appeal to run mining/wallet applications from a rig at home as part of officially participating in the recognition of whatever units are being valued by the fork... Ya know? (I think that made sense?)
@_date: 2014-12-09 12:02:12
Hrmmm... This could be a developing story? The people need to learn how to take control of their private keys! I think it should be easier and more acceptable to print out private keys encoded in big QR codes that can then considered valuable and can be treated as individual  pieces of btc which could be scanned into any wallet! However it would have to be from a trusted issuer I think... Making for a competing set of Bitcoin note printers that would compete for use and everyone would live happily entry after....
@_date: 2014-12-09 13:23:58
I agree... Unless you go out on your own and hope to get lucky and land the winning hash for the full 25BTC reward all to yourself! *Drools*
@_date: 2014-10-16 00:12:23
So how many BTC have you got?
@_date: 2014-11-09 16:11:37
Hey I really like that idea! I'm going to start doing that other places as well! Except I would like to see the Bitcoin tech integrated more as a platform for dealing with other versions of the blockchain, ya know?
@_date: 2014-10-11 07:39:57
I did your survey dude! Last question I couldn't really answer though since I've never really even heard of either option before? :-/
@_date: 2015-01-15 03:05:08
Well, cex.io/ghash for a while has been confusing me because once i managed to aquire 16.0xGHS i actually started to lose overall BTC to the point where my wallet there is at quite a significant negative balance like it's over drafted or something! I never got to the bottom of it because i figured it was a mistake with the fees induced by just owning GHS and that the problem would be fixed but it wasn't i guess? Instead that was simply a sign of the end times huh? There's also hashie.co is another ☁ mining place slanging GHS's right? And I mean, not totally clear what happened to them exactly - but wtf frostcoin? And their cyber game thing? Yeah I'm surprised the ☁ mining contacts thing isn't working out or doesn't work just because BTC is trading at a low price because I was excited to see GHSes owned and traded like they were, thinking that it was a good example of how the blockchain could be used to quantize and tag abstract assets to then track, trade and own or whatever. But with all the ☁ mining going away, I guess I was wrong about something in that line of thinking huh?