@_author: gdfriddell
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:39:19
Yes, I actually touched on Money market funds a bit! Money Market funds are still considered an M2 funds and easily converted to liquid cash. They also offer you interest (which BTC doesn't) thats why it can be used as an investment tool, albeit a rather dumb one as it won't keep up with inflation. People use MMS as a way to earn interest on their cash while it still being basically cash. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:31:41
You're correct! but when I mention the TV example i'm referring to a more standard form of inflation. If you buy a TV today for $5000  there is virtually 0% chance that tomorrow the USD is going to change in value so much that one week from now that same $5000 is only worth $4400. But with Bitcoin that literally just happened. Just recently it reached 5k but now its trading nearly $600 less than that. 
My main argument is that a currency should be relatively stable. Yes it can fluctuate in value in regards to other global currencies and this happens everyday. The exchange rate from one currency to the next changes daily. But they aren't in huge increments. It is very rare for a currency to drop in value by 12% in a few days. But this just occurred with bitcoin. If currency is that volatile it doesn't work as a trusted source of valuing items because the currency itself fluctuates so extreme. 
Currency should be relatively safe, only prone to inflation. As mentioned I have no problem with BTC. my skepticism is derived from its promise of being a form of currency years down the road. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:25:00
Let me rephrase that. It doesn't offer any return in regards to how a company offers return. When you invest in say General Motors. You have two ways to make money from owning that stock. You can make money by it actually paying you to own a portion of their company (dividends) or you can make a return by the stock going up in price. If a company doesn't pay you any dividends you are basically saying I am going to buy GM at $34 right now in the hopes that 2 years from now someone will pay me more than that. 
The company itself isn't giving you a return, the supply and demand nature of the market is. 
So for bitcoin, they aren't paying you anything to hold their BTC. You are simply hoping that 1 year from now its value is $6000 USD rather than the current $4400 or whatever it is right now. 
So when I say BTC doesn't offer return i mean it doesn't offer you a dividend or any form of interest. you are basically hoping someone is willing to pay you more for it down the road. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:40:15
Right, so I understand that. But what percentage of bitcoin users does that really make in regards to the regions scarred by corruption. I imagine many regions truly scarred by corruption aren't advanced enough to have bitcoin be widely accessible to the public. And if they are scarred by corruption, what's to stop the government from outlawing the use of bitcoins in sales and trade? This would make transactions with bitcoins illegal and would impose a risk on these people. I suppose it's harder for me to visualize this as I do not live in that situation nor am i that familiar with it.
Also I should have elaborated more in regards to a speculative tool. My biggest confusion and worry with bitcoin as an investment is this; I view it as a bubble. Bitcoins don't offer any return and I don't see them offering a return in the future. Like I mentioned I don't see how something can be an investment tool as well as a form of currency. Yes you have Money Market accounts that offer you interest but that's minuscule, nothing on the lines of the returns bitcoins have done. Eventually when bitcoins are a finite number their price will have to stabilize. Because you aren't getting any return from it unless they offer interest down the road.
Is the current investment hype right now for it is that when bitcoins reach their cap for shares it will be valued much higher than that then the price stays relatively static? Because once market cap occurs and no new bitcoins are introduced the price will have to flatten. it can't keep rising in price with no underlying change in the asset. 
Thank you for your answer though by the way!
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:46:22
Got it okay. That helps to address some of my concerns i actually just responded to the other person. Like i mentioned to them, as I've never been in a third world country before i'm not familiar with the volatile pricing and movements of their currency. 
So it sounds like from what you're saying the general consensus is that it isn't a fiat currency and likely won't be for some time. It's simply a speculative tool which is how I view it. So going off my other response; when no more bitcoins are added the market and supply is fixed, i'd expect a plateau to occur as it transitions from a speculative tool to a currency. Due to the fact that bitcoin doesn't truly offer any return (like ownership of a company does via stock, nor does it pay dividends/interest) why would anyone assume its value would increase when supply is fixed and it doesn't offer any form of use outside of being used as currency. And if it is used as currency you'd want it to be a non-volatile instrument rather than something that could appreciation in value in a month as, if it has upside it can also have downside.