@_author: gdgf
@_date: 2012-11-22 02:58:03
actually, I think ACH may be an ok way to do this.. the debit transaction is initiated from their (coinbase's) site, so they are in control and there are things they can do to verify the identity of the customer and 2 factor authentication to thwart account hijacking. It seems better than any form of push payment where there's a constant threat that the funding source account was hijacked. Also people rarely change bank accounts, so once you have a known customer it won't be like with a credit card where they may regularly have to reregister a new number.
There's also an interesting side effect of doing account debits - I don't think it's easy for anyone to determine which bank coinbase uses. This may be different from the situation with say intersango and maybe mtgox where they had to publish their bank's name along with the account and sortcode.. that may lead to all kinds of people talking about what metro bank or barclays is doing supporting drugs and terrorism and whatever else.. with ACH, those kind of conversations won't take place because hardly anyone knows the name of the bank and payment processors that support coinbases transactions.
Of course there's still a chance that a new customer might be using a stolen identity, but if they have a bill, and ID and access to an existing bank account in the same name that identity is already pretty compromised.. I'm guessing this kind of situation is actually somewhat rare as fraud goes, and if you did have all this stuff there are many credit cards, loans and bank accounts that could be applied for and might be more profitable for a fraudster than exploiting coinbase...
I think ACH is probably about as good as one can get.. even bitcoin transactions are probably reversible by a court (in theory) if they can be proven to have been made fraudulently into the control of coinbase (or some entity under the court's control).
I'm sure there are instances where stolen cash has been deposited into a bank and then a court has forced it to be returned to the victim. It's probably quite rare, but it must have happened now and again.
@_date: 2012-11-22 11:07:30
Yes, the $100 is obviously a risk mitigation strategy.
If a customer with a known identity defrauds you by using an ACH chargeback it should be possible to go after them in the courts.. obviously that isn't a great situation for coinbase and certainly not worth it for $100, but it should be an option legally.. they can also sell the debt to a collection agency who will phone up the customer, interrupting their dinner and intimidating their wife until they pay up.
An option they might consider would be allowing customers to deposit more than $100 but freezing the rest of it for 2 or 3 months.. that should get rid of most of the ACH chargeback risk (is that what dwolla is doing?)
If coinbase had a consumer credit license they could even sell bitcoins on credit with no cleared deposit at all.. It's a very different world when dealing with known customers rather than anonymous ones. Just because a known customer can 'unpay you' doesn't mean they don't still owe you. of course it's still a pain in the arse, but it can be made into a pain for the customer too so they're less likely to do it.