@_author: gear323
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:35:05
You’re completely wrong.  
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:16:33
His approval ratings are much higher than you know.  My guess is probably around 55% 
Don’t believe the fake polls.   Last time you believed the fake polls you thought trump had zero chance of winning remember?   That was before he won in a landslide.  And don’t tell me it wasn’t a landslide because it was. Take a good look at the 2016 county by county election map. And a close look at the final results of the election.  
Democrats are trying to destroy America.  They know the only way they can get votes is by keeping people poor and reliant on government. Their plan is to cause chaos, bus illegals all over the United States and then have them vote illegally by giving them state ID and drivers licenses.  Remember, democrats are also against voter ID because they know they can’t win an election without fraud.   The raciest democrats then claim blacks are too stupid to know how to get an ID so that is why they are against it.  I know and work with plenty of black people and many of them are some of the smartest people I know.  Reporters have even gone to cities and asked random people on the street if they have an ID and they all say of course.  You can’t get a library card, a beer, cigarettes, a cell phone plan, bank account or thousands of other things without ID.  
The media is run by globalists and are always against any republican president.  Hell, they ripped apart Ronald Regan every day and he was great.  
Obama was by far one of the worst things that has happened to America.   It will take time, but eventually we can reverse everything he did and make America strong again.  
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:27:20
There are only 51 Republicans and you need 60 votes.  The democrats shut down the government because they want open borders and illegal immigration to the USA.  The Republicans want only legal immigration.  Democrats need to take full responsibility for the shutdown.  
Politicians that support sanctuary cities need to be arrested.   
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:28:59
Trump has been the best president we have had in a long time.   Don’t believe the fake news media.   
Female unemployment at lowest levels in 18 years 
Black unemployment lowest it has ever been since we have been recording 
Stock market growing at an amazing rate and breaking records month after month.  
Millions of people getting higher wages or bonuses due to tax cuts 
Companies bringing billions back from overseas 
Companies Bringing manufacturing back 
And the list keeps going on. 
Main stream news barely covers any of this.  
Don’t fall for the  news like CNN