@_author: gedea
@_date: 2016-08-02 23:36:39
I honestly appreciate you being here to reply to our questions and post updates, especially if things are as screwed as they seem to be. No doubt about that.
As for “lack of transparency”: 
It looks possible/probable that Bitfinex is on the brink of becoming insolvent and we shouldn’t expect trading to resume in the nearest days, if at all. What we get from Bitfinex, though, are statements in a vague, “legally safe” language, which provide no particular clarity as to the gravity of the outlook. This keeps people hanging without a clear understanding of how to go about their trading from here, and probably provides false hopes that things could be sorted out in any immediate future.
At this point it is possible that we should start thinking about where to move our trading and how to replace capital that got stuck/lost, but based on what’s coming from Bitfinex we could as much need to prepare ourselves for managing outstanding positions when trading resumes tomorrow.
There are quite a few things about Bitfinex platform that make you stand out in the market, so I would be happy to see you deal with this situation appropriately, so I can continue trusting Bitfinex with my trading. However, if the company is trying to figure out whether it's at all able to continue business or not, seems that wording like "still evaluating our options for how to address customer losses" is not the most straightforward way to put it. No offence intended, just clarifying my thoughts.
@_date: 2016-08-02 21:33:08
First of all, thanks for posting here. There's not really that much transparency from Bitfinex communications on the matter, TBH, but some communication is better than no communication.
Could you please clarify position of Bitfinex on the following issues:
- Do I understand correctly that Bitfinex generally considers an option of using funds with accounts not affected by the incident to compensate for losses on the affected accounts? This has been asked a couple of times here, and there was no firm denial of such an option being considered.
- Do I understand correctly that trading losses sustained on non-affected accounts during blockage of trading may be left with these accounts on relaunch of trading, thus effectively forcing customers to take losses they were unable to avoid in any way? This outcome was also mentioned several times here, and there was no firm denial of the fact that Bitfinex consider this an acceptable option.
Thanks in advance.