@_author: geezorious
@_date: 2018-01-04 16:27:02
That's very Judeo-Christian to say that people need shepherds.
People need a purpose, yes, but not necessarily a shepherd.  Eastern philosophies like Buddhism is about discovering your purpose through meditative contemplation, not a shepherd.
You might say that finding one's purpose isn't for everyone.  But that's just a matter of culture.  Thirty years ago you could say that computers weren't for everyone, and a hundred years ago you could say that literacy wasn't for everyone.  But culture makes it easier.. it's easier to be literate and computer-savvy today while it was hard before.  We didn't evolve, our DNA didn't change.  We merely have a culture where we can spend large portions of our day reading, writing, and on computer, to the point that these are now very easy to acquire skills that anyone can achieve.
Same is true with contemplative meditation.  It's hard to find our purpose in life because we don't have a culture that encourages it.  But once people try to challenge themselves, they'll find it rewarding, and it can set a culture where people in the future don't have to try as hard.  Finding their purpose will seem as easy as we find using reddit.  Remember, almost no one knew how to read and write and it was considered very difficult to learn by the illiterate.  Finding our purpose without a shepherd is the same way.  It seems hard, until it isn't.
@_date: 2017-12-16 22:31:01
If it solves the scalability problem, it can go to $1,000,000 per coin.  If not, it may have trouble breaking $25,000 for a long time.
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:28:21
Is there a difficulty adjustment planned?
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:31:26
Because GDAX was a separate company, which Coinbase later acquired.  The merged company lets you transfer for free between GDAX and Coinbase, but kept the fees to transfer into your private wallet different.
GDAX was meant for savvy traders, and they can't hoodwink that community into paying large transfer fees.  Many people transfer 100s of thousands of dollars, and will be very angry if they have to pay thousands of dollars to do so.
Coinbase was meant for small fry users who deposit $250 and won't miss $4 of that.
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:14:27
Do you have a link?  Sorry I couldn't find anything on google regarding it.
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:37:10
I like the volunteer style that core was using, but I thought of late many of them were hired by Blockstream?
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:37:39
In order to crash a commodity, it means a flood of supply can occur, or demand dries up.  A supply flood can only occur if someone sells, either because they have holdings, or because they mined it.
Regarding holdings, no one with major holdings will cause that to happen, in the same way DeBeers will not just suddenly sell their diamonds even though their horde of diamonds can supply demand for 100s or 1,000s of years.  This is because with holdings that vast, you cannot sell at spot, and will need to vwap slice over many years or decades, and by the time you sell off even 2% of your holdings at a profit, you've tanked the price and sent the remaining 98% of your holdings into the ditch.  This is not economically rational, and rational actors with vast holdings will sell as little as they can without impacting price, which for thinly traded commodities, is a negligible amount.  With skewed gini coefficients, there just aren't enough aggregate holdings under small investors where en masse panic selling by minor players causes draw downs of more than 20-40% dips.
Regarding miners, they are the only other actor who can flood a market with supply, and while diamond miners are a huge problem for DeBeers, enough to brand this competition as conflict diamonds and to try to start a culture of certificates that show your diamond was not mined from non-cartel mines, miners are only a problem if the actual commodity lacks scarcity.  Since diamonds are not scarce, miners will always be a problem and attempt to dump diamonds on the market since they are not large holders like DeBeers and can sell their minor holdings at spot and be willing to drive the price down as they mine and sell for a profit.
There are 800 million carats of diamonds in proven mines, and given spot diamond prices (retail) of $1,400 per 0.5 carat and a mean carat size of 0.5, there's a supply of $2.2tn in diamonds at current valuation.  You might ask, "what about industrial use?  Aren't diamond drill bits useful to the economy?"  Yes, industrial use is huge, and none of it comes from diamond mines since synthetic lab-grown diamonds are far cheaper for industrial use and they don't care about a DeBeers certificate stating their diamond was conflict-free.  This is a $2.2tn reserve of diamond supply at current retail valuation.  Let that sink in.
Bitcoin supply by contrast is constrained, since it achieves scarcity through cryptography.  Miners have to struggle with electricity and hashing power to get lottery tickets toward each 10-minute mining reward.  These rewards keep shrinking exponentially so we currently have 18M bitcoins out of a total 21M bitcoins that can exist under this protocol.
The only other way to crash the price is for demand to dry up.  However, for speculative commodities, demand lags price movements, not leads it.  That means while demand and price may have some weak correlation, it usually is the price plummeting (and languishing for an extended period of time) that precedes a fall in demand.  The post-Mt. Gox crash and ensuing multi-year lull removed Bitcoin from the zeitgeist of popular media, and there it may have forever languished, had it not been for organic demand that kept growing as speculative demand had all but erased.  Once organic demand grew large enough to justify a price incline, speculators jumped back in for the dizzying year we've had so far while organic demand has stagnated due to multiple factors that relate to each other such as price instability, long tx confirm delays, high fees, negative merchant adoption rate, etc.  Yet, organic demand is on a *long-term* up trend, so even though we're in a localized period of stagnation for that use-case, there is underlying long-term uptrend to the entire asset class.  The short-term demand spike due to speculators, driven by the steep price trend line, will vanish *after* a crash, and it may exacerbate the crash, but it will not and cannot dry up before the crash.
The "whales" with vested interest will, if anything, market-make and buy the dips using leverage (leverage allows them to utilize the paper value of their holdings without selling).  This has reinforced speculators to also follow suit and buy the dips and adhere to "hodl" culture.  The only way to break self-reinforcing behavioral economics like this is if a large holder decides to break form and dump 100,000 BTC or more.  The only two entities capable of that level of dumping would be Satoshi Nakamoto himself or the FBI due to their asset seizure of SilkRoad.  Gemini and the Winklevoss twins, Jihan Wu, Roger Ver, and other Bitcoin players are too vested in the ecosystem to screw that up.  Even Roger Ver in his attempt to resuscitate Bitcoin Cash has not dumped a significant portion of his original Bitcoin holdings, although he has moved a minority portion.  Dumping and sending the asset into a death spiral is not economically rational, since organic demand creates a floor and returns it to an organic price incline.
The only party to make such an economically self-damaging decision may be the FBI mismanaging their SilkRoad asset seizures, or someone who is not currently long and wishes to amass a large short position to the tune of billions of dollars.  Those who tried to short bitcoin at even levels of $50 million were sorely burnt.  And in order to short, you will need to send fiat to an exchange that has enough "locates" (bitcoins in cold storage) for the seller to borrow from.  This creates a problem because whales don't keep their assets on-exchange, so the cold storage is primarily of minor players who will panic sell on a crash.  As panic sellers sell, and the counter-party being whales who buy on the dip and move their newly bought coins off-exchange, the exchanges will need to issue a margin call to short-sellers as there aren't enough bitcoins left in cold storage.  This will cause a short-squeeze and a rally, that cascades into more margin calls and forms a viscous cycle eroding the short-seller of value.  The fact that short-sellers cannot access "locates" from off-exchange long whales is an accidental benefit that cryptocurrencies have against massive shorts.
TL;DR:  supply will not go up, demand is high and will not go down.  The only shocks to this system would be for massive dumping by irrational actors.  Govt will not shut down bitcoin out of malice, but through ineptitude can crash the price.
@_date: 2017-11-09 11:51:50
I entered at 7800 :(
@_date: 2017-11-09 04:34:28
I lost 0.4 BTC to a mining pool that deleted my account :/
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:28:28
Segwit2x is cancelled
@_date: 2017-11-13 00:22:03
What happened with bithumb, how did you lose 10%?
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:52:59
I'm not sure if I buy the "switch back" part of your argument.  The larger block size of BCH is a quick 'n' dirty solution, but I don't think they intend on hard forking to increase the block size in the future.  Hard forks are seen as painful, which is one of the reasons why segwit2x died.  BCH endured the hardfork, and it if supplants BTC, it give a few years breathing room to find a softfork solution, which would keep the blocksizes at 8MB.  BTC is also trying to research a soft fork fix that may be years away, but it doesn't have a short term fix for the moment.  The bch crowd seems okay with emergency patches and then correcting them later, as they did with the EDA.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:38:54
It's perfectly fine to say "could of" but it needs to be written as "could've"
@_date: 2018-03-25 16:06:59
Who owes what to whom.