@_author: gehg452rsds
@_date: 2016-11-06 21:14:45
A quick read of your post history suggests you want to get hold of some Bitcoin to buy a fake ID. Alright, fair enough. So a lot of the issue is that you're (understandably) trying to preserve your anonymity, but you're going about it the wrong way.
First, you are absolutely right that Bitcoin is incredibly hard to get hold of for the average person right now. It's probably the biggest issue facing it as a currency. Remember, as many have said, Bitcoin is still relatively new. It will get much easier, for now, there are a few things you should consider:
1. You don't need to worry about connecting your identity with your Bitcoins. Once you've bought them, you're out of fiat and into the system - you're set. You can mix them (which basically means automatically swapping yours with someone else's to anonymize them), send then around, etc. It's unlikely anyone would even trace your transaction back to you if you do it properly.
I totally agree about not wanting to meet people in person, the people telling you to do that here are a bit (-.-) oblivious. Early-adopters often have that tendency. So let's look at the options for your purchase, both anonymous and verified:
* Bitcoin ATMs (according to you there are none in Norway)
* Localbitcoins - I looked up Norwegian [traders]( You should easily be able to find one that will accept without ID. Just message a couple, say you want to buy $100 worth of Bitcoin, and you value your privacy so you don't want to provide ID. I'm sure one of them will help you for such a small amount. They might just need a photo of the receipt of the deposit to prove you're not scamming them (because Bitcoin transactions are irreversible, but bank transfers aren't).
* Exchange - I understand the sites that you're referring to. There are plenty of ones that look shady (most of them aren't, many are), but you could easily deal with one of the big-name ones. It's literally like giving your ID to Paypal. Circle (which you've tried), Kraken, etc, should all take your ID and let you do a SEPA deposit. These are giant, regulated companies, just like Paypal - not shady little internet sites. You'll have your Bitcoin pretty much instantly. I realize it's not ideal, no one likes it. But it's the law and it really has nothing to do with Bitcoin and everything to do with fiat.
In short, it's easy to complain about this (and believe me, everyone that's involved in Bitcoin hates it), but as people have commented, this is on the bank side of things. If you persevere, you'll be able to do it the way you want. If you can't see the value here or don't see the point of Bitcoin, just remember that you're trying to buy it for a reason, and so obviously it does appear to have some practical utility for you.
Best of luck with your purchase.
@_date: 2016-10-11 18:10:10
Really? You're selling these and you don't accept Bitcoin for them? That's fucking pathetic.
What's even worse is that one of your shops is on Etsy - which allows sellers to easily accept Bitcoin by default.