@_author: gelsamel
@_date: 2017-12-13 10:30:23
Would there not be significant overhead in engaging in many transactors due requirement of having a bank of coin significantly larger than the transactions typically taken?
The benefit of this network essentially scales with N/m where m is the average transaction price and N is the reserve of coins in the channel. If N = m then you reduce to broadcasting transactions every time.
Whether one entities opens channels with many entities or you have a network of channels, it seems that each entity will be required to dedicate coins such that N &gt;&gt; m for their particular transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-13 11:24:59
But it needs these shared wallets, right? Once you dedicate to the shared wallet you essentially don't have access to those funds anymore. Or rather, you do have access... if you cancel the wallet and commit to the block chain. But that is antithetical to the point of LN. If you *don't* keep using those funds in the shared wallet then you're being inefficient and bringing more frivolous transactions into the blockchain.
Actually thinking about it more:
My previous post was just considering the end-user view point, this effect would be present (to some extent or another, though it might be a nuanced issue) at and between every node on the network. How will the extra transfers between points on the nodes affect the amount of transactions on the blockchain? Like what if we had this exact exchange problem along the entire exchange path to the coffee shop? Have we not now needlessly duplicated the number of transactions? Perhaps people will be very liberal with how much coin they let sit in the lines?
In fact including the nodes on the line, you have to worry about the average reserve along the line and the length of the path. If \sum_i\^L \frac{m}{N_i} &gt;= 1 where L is the length of the path in the network and N_i is the reserve on node 'i' and m is the intended transaction, then you're in serious trouble, and it only requires one node along the chain to have N_i on the order of m to make that sum close to or over 1.
Until the network is implemented who knows what the average line network connection length will be?
The worst case scenario is that L required to connect two entities is very big, and each N_i is approximately = m (so you could not effectively take more than 1 transaction), at which point you commit L intermediate transactions to do what would otherwise have been 1 transaction. But even if *one* N_i is approx = m it's equally as bad as a normal block chain transaction.
That is unless I'm misunderstanding something here, which very well might be the case.
@_date: 2017-12-13 10:58:51
But, for instance, lets say Alice wants to buy coffee at the coffee shop and doesn't want to open a channel, but Bob has an open channel, so they do this network thing to get her money to the coffee+Bob multi-entity statement thing. But... Alice doesn't know or care for Bob, he is just a random guy in the network of nodes who she has been matched with on the path to the coffee shop, and she only cares to buy that one coffee from that shop. Furthermore because the coffee shop is the only reason she is matched with Bob, she also doesn't care to buy anything from any other channels that Bob has open. Because there is literally no reason for her to have a reserve of coin in the channel in this case, she just puts in enough for the Coffee. Now Bob has a huge reserve so his side all works fine, but the Alice+Bob transfer is an N=m transfer that would be just as cumbersome as your standard Block Chain transfer.
But this is just from an End user standpoint, this effect would be present (to some extent or another, though it might be a nuanced issue) at and between every node on the network. Of course that means at least some of the time it is an improvement on the standard procedure... but I'm not wondering how much of an improvement it will really end up being. Perhaps people will be very liberal with how much coin they let sit in the lines.