@_author: gendal
@_date: 2015-06-11 05:42:12
Good spot - thanks.  Now fixed.
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:39:50
The value comes from the fact that whoever holds the sidechain-bitcoin can, at any time, send it back to the bitcoin blockchain.     So you can see very quickly that the price should be around the same as a bitcoin (apart from two caveats):  
To see why, imagine the price of a sidechain bitcoin was *more* than a regular bitcoin.  Holders of regular bitcoins could make a risk-free profit by sending regular bitcoins to the sidechain and selling them for the higher price.
Now imagine the price of a sidechain bitcoin was *less* than a regular bitcoin.  You could make a risk-free profit by buying a sidechain bitcoin for this lower price, sending it back to the bitcoin blockchain and selling it for the (higher) price of a bitcoin.
So natural profit-seeking behaviour will drive the prices to equality.
EXCEPT... there are two wrinkles:  1) the move takes time - so you have to worry about price volatility. And 2) sidechain bitcoins are riskier... there's always the possibility that the (likely) lower security of the sidechain means they get stolen from you or you can't send them back...    For these reasons, I would expect sidechain bitcoins to trade for slightly less than regular bitcoins, with the discount being based on perceptions of security of the sidechain and the timeframes over which transfers take place
@_date: 2014-10-27 09:32:26
Hi there - Richard Brown here (author of the linked article).
Completely agree... big unanswered questions around incentives to mine sidechains and what the security promises of sidechains might be.
In particular, miners face a partial economic disincentive not to attack Bitcoin since failure of Bitcoin would also harm them.  But they face no such disincentives with sidechains... any bitcoins they can steal (or maroon) have no impact on the health of Bitcoin.
So one could imagine attempts to permanently prevent coins moving back from sidechains to bitcoin (making "real bitcoins" more scarce and hence worth more) or more direct attempts to steal coins.
@_date: 2014-07-05 21:07:54
True... but the structure of payment card fees is extremely subtle...  In particular, there are three broad types of fees:  1) those that go to the acquirer, 2) those that go to the scheme, 3) those that go to the issuer.
It turns out that the fees in 1) and 2) are actually quite modest... the vast majority go to the issuer... And many of them use some of this to pay for loyalty/miles/cashback programmes...
And so you end up with an interesting dynamic... to the extent that the merchant charges the same price to everybody (often mandated by the schemes), it's rational for consumers to choose the card that offers the best rewards.
Now... if a merchant offered a discount to those who don't use cards, it's possible consumers would be interested. But that then brings us back to one of the links I included at the top of the article.  Today (not necessarily in the future), it's not obvious that it's cheaper to pay in bitcoin once you take into account the processor's spread and the fee to acquire them in the first place (but I accept this could change over time)
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:26:09
And, of course, no "normal" people have the first clue what HTTP is...  they happily use the web and gain huge benefit from it without needing to know how it works.  I wonder if we'll look back on this period in Bitcoin's development and laugh at ourselves for agonising over how to explain something to people who will never need to understand it in any case!
@_date: 2014-04-22 15:26:42
Which currency(ies) do you have in mind?
Euros in German bank to Yen in Japanese?  (i.e. FX)?
Or same currency?
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:58:20
Hi there - Richard here - author of the piece.  I agree with you.  The underlying payment model implemented by cards and Bitcoin is fundamentally different.  Pull versus Push
My mental model for payment cards is as “pull” schemes. In pull schemes, the assumption is that the merchant and associated infrastructure is completely trustworthy… and it is the consumer that is required to authenticate to the (assumed trustworthy) merchant – they do so using chip/pin/signature/id/whatever. The merchant, once satisfied that the consumer is legitimate, then uses the payment card infrastructure to pull the funds from the consumer’s account. That’s why we need EMV/PCI-DSS, etc.,…. if anybody in the infrastructure is a bad actor, the whole thing falls apart.  It seems a strange way to build a payment system but it's hard to think of an architecture that would have worked better when these systems were built (if you can't assume a consumer internet connection, your options are limited)
Bitcoin works the other way… Here, the merchant must authenticate to the consumer (i.e. it’s the merchant who tells you their bitcoin address – or asserts it via BIP 70 payment protocol)… and the consumer then pushes the funds directly to that address over the P2P network.
i.e. Bitcoin is more like m-pesa (or, for those in the UK, faster payments/Zapp/Paym).
So – a very different model…. my personal view is that push is superior. BUT… the pull infrastructure, imperfect as it is, has HUGE sticking power (for all the network effect reasons I described in the article). A fascinating space :-)
@_date: 2014-10-28 07:19:28
the way I think about it is that most sidechains probably *won't* have their own native currency... they'll just have imported bitcoins.  so it will be like bitcoin but where the creation (and removal) of tokens is driven entirely by the importing/exporting of coins from the regular bitcoin blockchain.   this raises the obvious question: why would anybody mine such a chain? one theory is that they would do so for fees.   and it's this line of thinking that leads to questions about how secure a sidechain would be and so forth.
in other words, it's probably easiest to understand this concept if you think about moving bitcoins to new networks with different rules, rather than thinking of it as importing bitcoin onto existing alt coin blockchains.
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:31:12
I think you're right: cash has similar properties. Interestingly, cash is easier to trace along some dimensions (numbered bank notes) but harder along others (there's no public transaction ledger!)
As for hypothesising, it's a fair criticism: just because something *could* be done, doesn't mean it *will* be done.
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:24:34
I like that.  You've lost the decentralised consensus piece - but you're probably right that it's not necessary for a "mainstream" explanation.
@_date: 2014-04-13 14:40:53
I wasn't imputing special powers to the blockchain.  Merely: *should* tainting/whitelisting/tagging systems spring up then what is to stop them using something in the *history* of a UTXO (however tenuous) to assign it particular properties today?
My point was that, at the time I accept a payment, how do I know there is not something in the history of the coins I receive that will not *subsequently* be used by one of these services to taint/whitelist/etc the coin in the future?  Answer: Absent mixing/joining/stealthing services, I don't. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 22:58:18
when you "move" a bitcoin to a sidechain, the sidechain has to issue tokens to represent those bitcoins.  These tokens are independent of any other currency (including any native currency) on that sidechain....   I think the misunderstanding is that you're thinking the sidechain will issue units of its own native currency to represent the incoming bitcoins... that's not how I think it works.  (i could be wrong though...)
@_date: 2014-07-12 22:50:14
Hi there - Richard Brown here.
Fair cop.
Interestingly, nobody has picked me up on that until now...    It's true that I consider the "banks will disappear and fiat currencies are dead" scenario highly unlikely -- but you're correct that I need to advance an argument... and that "yeah, right" doesn't quite meet that test...
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:14:41
Hi - Richard Brown here... the author of the linked article.
You're right - I see no truly decentralised/trust-free way to "link" the decentralised world with the traditional banking system.    The only counterparty-risk-free asset on an XYZCoin block chain, after all, is the XYZ native currency.... Bitcoin, litecoin, whatever.
The point I was trying to make in the article was that there can still be benefit in using a decentralised ledger to keep track of ownership/obligations and to ensure exchange happens inevitably once valid bids/orders are discovered.
But it all depends on the underlying issuers of the non-native assets delivering on their commitments.    I'm not sure what else anybody would expect!
Having said that, a reader pointed me at   I need to study it more but the idea of using micropayment channels to exchange assets incrementally to avoid having to trust anybody "too much" is very interesting.  (Their focus is on exchanging BTC for fiat but it might be extensible to other assets)
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:49:54
@_date: 2014-03-30 09:17:59
Excellent!  Thanks for raising this point. I had intended to draw a parallel with the US land sales but couldn't find a good summary... and I had no idea there had been a periodic halving.   Nice :-)
@_date: 2014-04-13 14:13:25


You're right. I was trying to point out that, from a spender's perspective, they're not all the same but fungibility was the wrong concept to tie it to :-)


Perhaps... but it's not obvious. The point about the blockchain is that it allows *retrospective* tainting, whitelisting, etc.  So just because a particular coin isn't tagged under a particular system today, it doesn't mean it won't become so in the future *as a result of something that happened before now*.
Unlikely perhaps but not impossible.
@_date: 2014-03-03 09:03:33
Hi there,
You're right... this isn't suitable for people trading frequently -- for them, they need an off-blockchain solution.  You can either add rigor to the existing system (audits, etc) or implement the custody/clearing/exchange separation we have for other asset classes.   But you're going to have to trust *somebody*.
The point I was trying to make in the article is that it is possible to "encumber" your coins in advance of trading.... i.e. you can still choose the precise time and nature of your trade...  you just don't have to give custody of them to anybody else before you do.  
i.e. the acts of encumbering the coins at a 2-of-3 address, agreeing a trade and settling that trade are all separated in time.
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:22:57
Hi - Richard Brown here.
Excellent points.  I also struggle with "decentralised".  It's utterly key and yet it has no real-world resonance for most people.  The most common response is: "so what?".  I agree "uncontrollable" is also problematic.  I'll keep searching for the right word.
@_date: 2014-04-13 12:28:29
Hi - I wrote the article. That's my point.   You might exchange one bitcoin for any other *today* but here are two examples for why you might not in the future:
1) IRS tax treatment means different coins in a wallet have different tax implications when you spend them. They're not all the same.
2) If white-listing, colored-coins or trusted "identity&lt;&gt;address" projects gain traction then not all coins will be the same - some will carry additional value (colored coins), some will carry right to transact in regulated sector and some will be considered tainted.   e.g. just as land with planning consent is more valuable than land without, coins/addresses with the right to transact with a regulated exchange might be worth more than those without...
Clearly, there are efforts to prevent this (stealth addresses, coinjoin, etc) but it's not 100% clear to me which way it will go.
Net-net, not all Bitcoins are equal...
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:48:39
Fair points. Are you saying there are ways of achieving the same level of risk mitigation without consuming blockchain resource?
One approach would be to implement the custodian model but I would see that as riskier.  
(FYI - I am the author of the linked piece)
@_date: 2014-06-13 09:12:49
Currency exchanges, perhaps... but I was talking about the more general idea of an asset exchange.
e.g. what if property title, vehicle registration, title to the goods moving through the supply chain, etc., were represented on the blockchain?  Wouldn't you still need a way to match buyers and sellers and execute their trades?
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:03:28
I agree with Here's how I think about this example:
Think about the sending bank in Germany....  if they're going to use Target2 (the Euro RTGS), they need to send to a bank that can receive Euros over Target2...   A Japanese Bank based in Japan with a Japanese Banking license may not be a member.    So what can they do?  Two broad answers I guess:
1) Perhaps they have a subsidiary/branch in the Eurozone which is a member.  This entity could receive the Euros and hold them on behalf of the Japanese legal entity.  
2) Failing this, then you're back into the normal correspondent banking story: the Japanese bank agrees with a Eurozone bank for them to hold Euro assets on their behalf.  When the Eurozone bank confirms receipt of the Euros, the Japanese bank tells their customer that the funds have been received.
I sense you're asking why the Euros can't find their way inside the Japanese Bank inside Japan (rather than sit with a correspondent).  And I guess they could (somebody could take them out of an ATM, fly them to Tokyo and put them in the vault!).  But then what?  If the Japanese bank isn't part of Target2, etc, what can they do with them?
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:52:27
Not quite.  The key is in the concept of the "SPV Proof".  The person moving coins from one chain to another must provide proof to the target chain of three things:  1) the referenced coins were moved to a particular address that means they're out of reach, 2) that this transaction is buried under whatever number of blocks the target chain rules insist on, 3) it was this user that did it.
So the target chain only needs to see the proof - it doesn't need the ability to "look at" the sending chain.
Look at the SPV section in the original Bitcoin white paper and the section in the sidechains paper that refers to it.
I agree it's not 100% clear - and I think it only works if the chains make similar assumptions about what addresses look like and have similar concepts around proof of work, etc
@_date: 2014-04-13 14:14:00
(and yes... I'm using the term "coin" loosely... I should probably be more precise)
@_date: 2015-07-05 21:49:01
Not at all! Thanks for the comment
@_date: 2015-07-05 21:29:46
You're right. My piece isn't about Bitcoin. 
But, of course, one *can* lend Bitcoin *claims* into existence. Just as commercial banks, who have no right to print dollars, can lend dollar *claims* into existence. In both cases, the situation is the same: a claim on a commercial bank or a claim on a "Bitcoin issuer" may be useful (or may not) but it's not the same as holding central bank money or holding Bitcoin directly. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:00:47
Thanks for posting this link to my article - glad you liked it.   I should point out that the article does gloss over several important points (e.g. I don't talk about FX and the role of CLS bank) and the historical narrative is somewhat contrived.  But hopefully it helps explain why things work the way they do -- and motivates some people to think forward a few years and imagine what the bitcoin payment landscape might (or might not!) look like.
@_date: 2013-11-08 16:58:57
It's an excellent question and I'm not sure I have a fully-formed opinion.
Clearly, from a technical perspective, the system does not depend on anonymity in order to work but I suspect wider uptake will depend on a reasonable expectation of anonymity under "normal" circumstances being maintained.  
Your example of corporates not wanting all their transactions being public is a good one - there could be regulatory/market-moving implications, if nothing else.  At an individual level, would people want their friends and neighbours to be able to infer their income and see their purchases simply by inspecting the Blockchain?
I don't have a firm view yet on where I think the equilibrium will prove to lie.
@_date: 2013-11-07 22:04:09
Richard Brown here.  Thanks everybody for the comments and feedback.
Re anonymity - you're right to call me on this: it is, of course, possible to obscure the true flow of funds across a series of bitcoin transactions (using mixing services, etc, etc) and it would make things more difficult for law-enforcement agencies if such techniques gained wide adoption.   My counter to this might be: 1) not everybody actually does this in practice and 2) it is still easier than tracing an equivalent sequence of transactions in *cash*.  So, to the extent that XBT transactions replace cash transactions, it may make the lives of some law-enforcement agents easier.  But I totally accept the more general point: if you're sufficiently motivated, it's possible to make it very difficult for others to trace your steps.
@_date: 2013-11-07 22:33:41
Exactly. The idea was inspired, in part, by Mike Hearn's idea of a car that "owns itself", earning money for fuel and repairs from acting as a (driverless) taxi.  Once you consider the possibility that inanimate objects in the future could have some autonomy *and* be economic actors in their own right, you start seeing the possibilities everywhere you look.
@_date: 2013-10-23 12:20:59
Hi everybody, Richard Brown here.  Thanks for all the feedback.
I agree with the comments about Elizabeth Lumley - she has been following Bitcoin for some considerable time and is extremely knowledgeable about the topic.  The format was such that I got to do most of the talking - but she has also thought deeply about this topic.
@_date: 2013-11-12 08:15:38
Hi there - Richard Brown here, author of the linked article.
You're right that I should have made this clearer in my post.  The key insight that helps everything else fall into place is that colored coin systems, unlike the core Bitcoin system, need you to *trust* the issuer.  
The issuer simply *asserts* that a transaction output represents some real-world asset and, to the extent that you trust them to make good on that promise, you will be more or less willing to pay a premium for any bitcoins traceable back to that original transaction.  There's no magic.
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:52:02
I wasn't making a political point (at least, I wasn't *trying* to). Instead, the question I was asking myself was: "where on the scale from 'total anonymity' to 'every address is visibly associated with a legal entity' are (eco)systems such as Bitcoin likely to end up?".   My thought process, which is still a work in progress, is that the implications of total anonymity could be too burdensome for the average user and they may well sacrifice some anonymity in return for a simpler experience -- possibly even without realising they're doing it. 
I could, of course, be completely wrong - and as I suggested above, my thinking is still evolving.  That is one of the reasons I am participating in discussions here and elsewhere.
The scenario I have in mind right now is: what happens when a system like Bitcoin enjoys far greater adoption?  Will pressure be placed on exchanges to prove they know who owns the Bitcoin addresses to which they send/from which they receive funds - and not just prove they know who owns the fiat side of the trade?  If so, you can easily imagine some users *voluntarily* signing up for a third-party service that attests to others that they do, indeed, own certain addresses.  I'm not saying this would be good or bad - just that it's entirely conceivable that it could happen.
Perhaps these are just edge-cases but I suspect there are lots of other examples where non-ideological users of the system 1) wouldn't even think about this stuff and 2) would see it as a benefit that they could associate their identity with their addresses.
(And, in case it's not already 100% clear, I am not speaking for my employer here)
@_date: 2013-10-23 12:33:36
Exactly...   what would the Internet of Things look like if autonomous agents were also economic actors?  Some really interesting possibilities become possible.