@_author: genevayngrib
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:11:10
 is my understanding correct in that BitPay uses bitcoind.js as a wrapper for the real bitcoind to interface with the bitcoin network and shield their bitcore (true 100% JavaScript) main full node engine, from all the consensus bugs?
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:22:13
Adam, is there a notion of an exchange rate between coins on mainchain and sidechain? The followup question is, could an alt on a sidechain increase in value and have it reflected when it is exchanged back to mainchain via a two-way peg?
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:34:11
Tina, it was a pleasure giving you the interview! You bring a fresh style to highly technical bitcoin and blockchain field! We have made a lot of progress here at Tradle, so let's catch up at the next trade show!
@_date: 2015-03-12 15:32:15
Depends on what you mean by dispute resolution. If you mean a situation like I submitted the order, and you do not accept it - then  a second transaction will be hashed on chain confirming or denying the first one. In general - in our experience of running distributed business networks across 20 countries (pre-blockchain) - when every participant in the business process can monitor actions of others in real time - the disputes arise 10-100 less often.
@_date: 2015-03-12 16:08:39
We are getting a lot of interest in KYC use case. Banks are required by law to verify the person or the organization that is opening the account. This is a huge burden for banks and a nuisance for their customers. By putting this process on-chain we can help banks give back to the customer a public endorsement, valuable in the marketplace. It also opens the opportunity for banks to turn this into a profit center. Check out the video on  homepage.
@_date: 2015-03-12 15:58:08
Thank you David. I am excited about record keeping as related to documents, transactions, workflow. But I am most excited to explore the use cases in Industrial Internet where none of the existing blockchains can keep up with the volume of signals and where Factom can truly stand out.
@_date: 2015-03-12 15:42:51
my hope not only to save businesses money but to create new uses that were not possible before in centralized setups. 
Aside from use cases we are exploring in B2B, I will give you my personal pet project: 
Have you ever experienced a frustration when talking to your wireless service provider, your insurance company, a government agency, etc., - they would tell you they took notes (which you could never see or confirm) and next time you called - the notes said something else, or were lost altogether. Same happened to me many times, they also lost documents which I sent them (uploaded, emailed or just via plain old postal service). They sometimes give us those damn confirmation numbers which we need to write down somewhere, by that verifies nothing. What I want personally is to build is an app that will use the blockchain hashing to keep these service providers in check.
@_date: 2015-03-12 15:21:48
I am the CEO and co-founder of Tradle. You can ask me anything regarding the partnership with Factom and Tradle applications. We are all re-imagining how the blockchain changes the software infrastructure and it is as exciting as it was in 1995 when the Web was marching on. But what excites me the most is that blockchain-based applications change the way people interact. I have one word for this: un-marketplace. 
I also personally hope that record keeping aspect will drastically reduce corruption as more and more people and organizations commit their actions on-chain. Factom is carrying that torch ahead of all other blockchains. I can see smaller to medium sized organizations jumping in first, and bigger corporations and especially governments, following. Exciting times!
@_date: 2015-03-15 20:43:22
As far as I understand, the onename.io team created the blockstore  as a way to experiment with the alternative to the namecoin. In that sense blockstore is the Identity on the bitcoin's blockchain + DHT. It does not aim to be a decentralized DB to build DApps on, but a specialized DB to be used in apps to replace the login based on Facebook (and other centralized identity providers) with the decentralized identity on-chain. 
DHT in connection with bitcoin's blockchain is a topic that came up many times in the past. It is a sensitive topic, so you want to make a disclaimer every time you talk on this subject, here it is:
DHT will not be used to improve the blockchain and thus will not be bringing its security problems to the blockchain. Quite the opposite - you will be using the blockchain to harden the DHT without adversely affecting the blockchain. Our team at Tradle did a lot of work and discussions with the bitcoin and ethereum devs on this subject, see: 
Hope that helps. 
@_date: 2015-03-13 06:48:19
Have you seen our  ? Which part makes you doubt the reality of our software?
@_date: 2015-03-15 19:07:40
I want to support projects that attempt to scale the blockchain to the level DApps, especially IoT DApps need it. If I can help Factom team solve some technical issues (i.e. improve their DHT) to get there - I am happy. If I can give them real life use cases to test their setup on, I am happy. If they can bring me into the customer use cases where we can build a real life DApp that can compete with SaaS app and win, I am happy. Remember, both Factom and Tradle is OSS, so if you can suggest improvements, or provide constructive criticism, it would be awesome. 
Are other people thinking about scaling the chain closer to the level we experience with NoSQL databases? Sure, there is a lot of experimentation. See my transcript for example on scalability panel at recent crypteconomicon conference: 
I love the Dominic's hybrid of PoC + PoW towers idea, and check out Vlad's critique of it. 
See also my transcript of the Scalability talk at Ethereum DEVCon0
These ideas are very interesting, but experimental systems for them do not exist yet. The fact that Factom is attempting one should be good, not bad, right? And as they gather community feedback, they will change their designs for better. Look how Ethereum evolved - they went through several PoW algos that community helped them find problems with and they evolved. The same way Tradle hopes by putting out on github earliest possible designs and code, we hope to evolve it in the open, unlike what we see with closed model of open source, e.g. what Google does with Android, Apple with Webkit. Hope this makes sense.
@_date: 2015-03-15 20:17:48
great, thanks!
@_date: 2015-03-15 20:31:20
Eric, I watched the video segment where you talk about ChainDB. Is there a writeup on it, may be an API doc? I think in general it is a great idea, but criticism on this thread could be due to vagueness of the talk. Need more info. 
So far my thinking on DB vs the chain is this: 
Chain is a new data structure that is somewhere in the middle between the transaction logs and the full databases. It has enough structure that with proper additional indexes it can be used to replace many specialized databases used today in Enterprise IT for identity (such as LDAP), device and metadata management, inter-departmental integration, extranets, job queues, and other purposes, see more examples here: 
The problem in Enterprise IT, besides mutability of data problem, is that the apps using internal DBs trust the data implicitly, unlike in the blockchain where we always consider our trust models with full and SPV nodes. 
So thinking in terms of ChainDB is great. Just need to understand what exactly have you got there.
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:50:30
Peter, do you have a URL for your chaindb-equivalent-but-better proposal? Also, the TL;DR of your proposal would be awesome, thank you!