@_author: gentlmanir
@_date: 2013-11-07 14:20:24
I've used bittylicious several times without any trouble. It's kind of a weird setup, you're only offered a certain amount at a certain price which changes regularly, but it's quick and it works. 
Localbitcoins has worked fine for me as well. I guess we'll have to wait a little longer for a proper exchange. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 16:54:23
Yes. You'd be able to make instant buys. The grind is waiting for verification and for the initial deposit to arrive. Once that's dealt with you'll be ready to corner the market whenever you want. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:53:36
Everywhere UK based seems to be horrifically overpriced at the moment though. At certain points Bitbargain and Localbitcoins were selling for more in pounds than the exchanges were going for dollars. They both work very smoothly though. Bittylicious is another one. 
They were only a few per cent above the market rate a few days ago but have now gone to the moon all by themselves. 
You could look into bitcoin.de or if you're patient enough to wait for money to clear, getting into an exchange could buy you a load more coins.
Very difficult to decide with things as they are as that could take days for the money to go abroad. You could either end up with double the amount of coins for the same money or half. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 16:23:42
The only viable way is to deposit some money on an exchange and wait. None of them are very rapid to get money into but that's the only type of place you could do an automated buy. 
There are a few UK exchanges in the pipeline. All the others will involve converting currency. 
The p2p places like Localbitcoins and bitbargain always have stuff for sale but there's sometimes a big premium and the sellers can be quite slow to react. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 16:44:24
Yup. You set the amount to buy at. It's totally down to you to decide how low you want to go. Quite a few people have automated buys stepped at various prices. 
If you've a feeling it'll go way lower then an automated buy won't do you any favours. Live monitoring would be the way to go. Once your money's in an efficient exchange then you're good to go. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:31:31
I have some Bitcoins indeed. I started off with Bittylicious. You sign up there and it gives you one set amount of bitcoins at a set price. If you agree to it it gives you the bank details and you pay by transfer. 
Every set of details is different because the transfer goes direct to the bitcoin owner. The site hold the coins in escrow and releases them to your wallet when the owner receives your money. 
Bitbargain and Localbitcoin operate on a similar basis but they offer you a variety of sellers, prices and amounts. With Bitbargain at least you have to verify your identity which may take a day or two. 
Most times I've used any of these sites the deal is done and you have your coins within five minutes. You transfer the coins from your site wallet to your own wallet. 
I did all of this before this week. Now these places are so ridiculously out of kilter with the market price I can't bring myself to buy any more. I've sent some money to Bitstamp but that was Thursday night and nothing has shown up yet. 
There are a few people on Ebay offering bank transfers but without the protection of escrow that's a bad idea. 
There are also physical bitcoins like Casascius ones on Ebay with a bitcoin code embedded in them but they go for sometimes twice the price of a bitcoin. I'm not sure how sympathetic Ebay would be if your coin turned out to have been redeemed either. 
Buying Bitcoins at a sensible price within a sensible time frame is a grind in the UK. 