@_author: gentlemenhodl
@_date: 2015-12-18 18:39:32
Those those who spent a ton of time looking, like I did, ECE Means Economic Change Event. See the original devlist post -


special BIP preference.


many other risks.
@_date: 2015-12-17 21:09:03


"The project will develop an enterprise grade, open source distributed ledger framework"
I want some of whatever your smoking.
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:33:50


That is a logical fallacy my friend and is not productive thinking. Of course things can be rotten and are done and gotten away with. There are endless examples of this in history. Im not saying thats the case now, im arguing that under the circumstances *it may be the case in the future* if we dont fix this power dynamic.
@_date: 2015-12-21 18:36:05
Yea, im a little confused. R3 is going to be open sourcing their codebase?


If so, thats GREAT news! But the question then begs to be asked:
Are the core developers involved in this at all? paging or for any answers please and thank you(s).
@_date: 2015-12-17 03:50:19


Because you've formulated a very immature and naive perspective on what you *assume* to be the truth, but if you had many partners or female friends in your life, you would understand the naiveté of your opinions. 
Good luck kid.
@_date: 2015-12-23 17:29:10


Thanks for the shitty attitude though, makes you look real mature.
@_date: 2015-12-16 01:44:29
I thought that the legalization of prostitution is what was the currently best proposal to reduction of sex trafficking? Creating a black market for it would seem to me to increase the amount of trafficking not decrease it as it creates higher economic incentives.
Then we could have better regulation if needed that would create safe environments for prostitutes instead of the unsafe scenario's we put them in now. If we had a free market at work it would create more competition and a healthier market economy that would lead to less economic incentive for slavers kidnappers and sex traffickers.
I think its ignorant to think that anyone will ever be successful in stopping prostitution, so should we not then instead act in a means that brings the most harm reduction?
This same battle has been fought with drugs and is seeming to come to a conclusion now, with states realizing that education and legalization is what leads to the best balance for society and personal health/safety, yet politicians are still trying to fight it tooth and nail in 1st world countries.
@_date: 2015-12-24 17:24:58


Again, this is clearly semantics. You are interpreting it in a way that is particular to your view and avoiding the real issue. Dancing around it wont make it not true.
The miners did not just say "do what you think is best", they said "We give you support on your choice". Those are two very different things and many established and reputable people in the ecosystem agree with me, including core developers and lead developers of other important bitcoin related projects (zerocash, jeff garzik, gavin, etc)
Im not saying this to appeal to authority so much as to make you understand that im not left fielding this idea. Its a known issue that a lot of very very smart and reputable people are saying is a problem.
You can ignore the problem, sit here and act like it didn't happen, just like sipa is, or you *can be a part of the resolution* by voicing concerns over democracy. What we have established right now is a theocracy or a oligarchy at best. The dynamics are *not* in favor of bitcoin remaining uncensored, which is the most important property it has to offer.
Either way, I think you for the reply, that was much better than the previous one.
@_date: 2015-12-17 21:20:32


bitcoin is software, not hardware. Any open source code will benefit the community.


Who cares? I dont care what content they create or store with it, I only care about the utilization of the features, which will be present in the codebase. We already have the blockchain so we can utilize that database for bitcoin's needs. Anything else can be extended as a layer on top of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-30 05:13:18


I think this is a excellent example of sipa and Co's stance on hard forks.
If there is a activation threshold, and that threshhold *must be met* in order for the rules to activate, then wouldn't basic logic deem that there is no risk of failed hardfork, *especially* when we already have industry-wide consensus on a 2mb upgrade?
Set the 2mb blocksize upgrade to 2mb, in say, April, with a 95% activation threshold. It may take until june or later to activate, but once it does then only 5% of the network will be running non-compatible software. 
Im not sure why this very basic concept is ignored when discussing hardforks. There are plenty other experienced core developers (Gavin, Jeff) who are saying this is something we not only should *not* fear, but also that we *need* these hard forks to occur *now* instead of later so that we can learn from the data while we are still young.
Makes a ton of sense to me and im frustrated by our "leaders" choosing to ignore the wishes of the entire network.
Im calling it now - There will be a competing software with a 2mb blocksize increase released to the public after segwit is implemented into core, and then we are going to be dealing with this "XT" drama all over again. Except this time its going to win since the entire economy has already reached consensus on a 2mb upgrade. I cannot wait for sipa to get a dose of reality. Im very strongly against going full blown XT, but it appears we need a new lead developer who is willing to take the middle ground instead of hiding in the cave.
 
EDIT - Thank you for the gold ~~kind stranger~~ super cool dude :)
@_date: 2015-12-19 01:45:10
This is a very interesting read. This bit i found pretty far out - 


for the availability of special-purpose hardware to break cryptographic
security. For example, the process of mining Bitcoin is the same process
employed to crack the SHA-2 cryptographic hash function. Currently,
hardware miners are capable of performing over 5 trillion hashes per
second; to put this in perspective, only 1,000 of these miners would
have accounted for the total mining power of Bitcoin in December
2013, at the height the VC’s market capitalization.9 The economic
7 Bitcoin-style consensus is not exactly a special case of MPC. Bitcoin-style decentralization
is particularly interesting because it incentivizes distributed computation, whereas MPC
typically assumes no such incentivization. In a sign of how much Bitcoin is on the minds
of those interested in MPC (and vice versa), the best paper prize at the 2014 IEEE Symposium
on Security and Privacy was titled “Secure Multiparty Computations on Bitcoin”
(see Marcin Andrychowicz, Stefan Dziembowski, Daniel Malinowski, and Łukasz Mazurek,
“Secure Multiparty Computations on Bitcoin,” paper presented at the IEEE Symposium on
Security and Privacy, San Jose, Calif., May 18–21, 2014).
8 See Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, “DARPA I2O Demo Day Featured
Programs,” May 21, 2014.
9 See Bitcoin Wiki, “Mining Hardware Comparison,” September 16, 2015c, and Blockchain,
“Market Capitalization,” undated (b).Implications Beyond Currency 63
incentivization toward evermore powerful hardware that could break
cryptographic security may rival nation-state investments in similar
hardware, which could have broad implications for the security of
cryptographic tools.
They are saying that mining specific hardware may pose a threat on cryptographic standards because we could pool mining equipment resources to do cryptographic brute force attacks, and considering the mining power of the bitcoin network if we were able to do these attacks we could rival nation-states super computer networks that they utilize for just that: breaking crypto


its allies to thwart a VC deployment would be to target those properties
of a VC that would most increase its acceptance, most notably transaction
anonymity, security, and availability
The conclusion is pretty fucking scary. Thats a defense contractor making a report for the DoD advising them that the best strategy is to  *attack* the anonymity, security and availability. That means breaking crypto standards, trojan horses, DDOS attacks on the network and deanonymization through research firms. Of course, they dont say that bitcoin should be the target of their attack, but I think we can read between the lines? 
Fuuuuuuck that.
@_date: 2015-12-22 05:38:21


I disagree on the first part, and the second part is my point. If the miners are not running the right ruleset, they cannot be awarded. So you better bet your life savings that when core releases a update, that the miners are going to switch to it, to ensure they maintain the economic majority when it comes to software. If you think otherwise your not in the same world as I. You can phrase it anyway you wish, but when the miners say "you choose the blocksize" and the the core dev's say "ok this is how we are going to do it" then that is most definitely   
A- Giving them their voting power.  
B- Giving them responsibility.  
You think you cant force responsibility on someone, you must have lead a very isolated life. Anyone can force responsibility on anyone else in almost any system. People drop shit into other peoples laps all the time. It happens in life. When the system is as linked as this network is, you cannot ignore it. You can of course, very irresponsibly and irrationally, ignore it. Like whats going on now.
I disagree with your semantics, but of course thats pretty common for you. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 17:24:06
Now that we have some clear numbers on what is needed to make LN a true scale-able (with security) enhancement on top of bitcoin, can we start to relax on the blockstream bashing and overt censorship of information that needs to be discussed? Looks like blockstream are not 'small blockers' after all (for those who accused).
Regarding the blocksize, 32mb is needed for real LN usage! Thats what Gavin originally wanted, wasn't it? 32? I understand he revised it down to 8 for BIP101 but it seems to me that he was spot on with his initial jump with forecasting on what was needed to support the network.
A lot of us may disagree with doubling every year, but I think its clear now that his original vision was far more accurate than others now that the cards have been shown.
Maybe now we can relax on the censorship and discuss the topic of BIP101 and block size raises with a clear head with facts on the table instead of rampant censorship on the topic?
1:21:50 he also starts to talk about the numbers of users with the varying blocksizes. Its very clear we need to go much bigger blocks if we want this to be a real global payment system!
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:40:13
Thanks for pasting me the URL, but unfortunately the system is complex and ordering your thoughts in black and white does not work. See [this post] (
@_date: 2015-12-21 23:37:41
The recent scaling at HK was a eye opener for a lot of people. We had &gt; 90% of hashing power via pool operators standing on one stage, answering questions.
One thing that was *very* clear, to many people who were present and those who watched, is that the miners were all consistent in their answers in regards to direction on blocksize:
They want the core maintainers of the software to make the hard decisions in regards to blocksize. They are essentially giving up their vote, saying "we want you to choose for us".  Because of this redistribution of power, I would encourage ALL USERS to reconsider this "option" that the core maintainers has given us. If they only give us ONE option to vote on, and they have &gt;90% of hashing power, is it really a choice? Should they not have a moral duty to provide us multiple options considering this shift of power?
Let us look at the current distribution of power:
- Core Maintainers 
- Miners
- Exchanges
- Merchants
- Customers
The power distribution is listed in a relevant order here. Everyone understands that the miners a key group in the power distribution. Without network security bitcoin is worthless, so the direction that miners take will be the winning software choice. They are much higher on the decision making chain, only a step beneath the maintainers from the Top down perspective of maintainers providing software, and then the voting mechanism to choose which software is run.   
  
Its more so the miners that get to chose the software than the users, and it is important to understand this power dynamic. The miners will chose the majority as its in their economic interests, and if we only have one option from our core maintainers, there can only be one choice. Ignoring the power of the core maintainers in this position of authority is to appeal to delusion. Their vote counts more, as well as everyone knows, than a competitor. Add a mining power allocation and their vote becomes a dictatorship.
The core maintainers prefer to take a neutral stance, stating it is the users which decide which software is run. They stay out of economic decisions and leave that to the community at wide to decide.
But if the power distribution model has been disrupted, and the miners have allocated their voting power to the core maintainers, does that change the position of authority for the core maintainers? Are they not then in a position of dictatorship, knowing that the option they give is the option that will succeed?
In this event, I would state that the only way for the core maintainers to balance the power distribution is to provide multiple options for the community to decide upon. Any single solution they provide, given the context of the miners allocating their voting decision, is going to be the winning decision. This action cannot be ignored as it represents a cabal and takes away the decentralized nature of bitcoin. This is literally a point of failure within the ecosystem, one so large that we *must* hash it out and make our voice heard, otherwise this can be manipulated in the future to undesirable outcomes.
Can the core maintainers ignore this position and continue to provide only one solution? Currently we have reached a rough consensus that the way forward is going to be based on [gmaxwell's plan] ( which calls for a implementation of SW as a softwork, and *keeping the traditional blocksize at 1mb*. You can see current voting [here](
In this, I wholeheartedly agree with and his direction, which he has voiced publicly but this specific quote was mentioned in private:
"Maintainers should come up with a menu of possibilities and let the community have a voice in choosing. There needs to be more communication to users and more choices given."
I brought up the issue of contentious hardforks, and how core maintainers may have a moral and economic responsibility to not submit those to public in fear of forking the community at large. His response:
"IMO it is done in stages - try to measure consensus - roll out - measure adoption and have fallbacks (failure scenarios) plotted out.  Each point - merge / release / initial adoption / wide adoption provides opportunity for feedback and further consensus measuring -before- a chain fork. **All the block size increases require 80-90% hashpower lock-in**, at a minimum and miners tend to be conservative, following, not leading, consensus. Miners want to stick with the economic majority, because that maximizes the value of their bitcoin income."
What this means, is that if we were given *two* options, say potentially:
* Segwitness softfork, which would allow for a theoretical 4mb of blockspace. 1mb would be the old type blockspace, and the hardcap for prior-to-SW transactions, and 3mb allocated for SW transactions. This would give a *potential* bump of 1.75x in blockspace for traditional non-P2SH tx's, assuming network wide adoption. Users have speculated, and sipa has agreed (on  that short term we may only see a 1.25 increase in blockspace, due to the nature of adoption speed. Long term 1.75x with potential for 4x including P2SH and other implementations to come, short term 1.25x blocksize alleviation. 
    
* Above proposal + Any and all BIPs. Could be BIP202, BIP101, BIP102, BIP248. All BIP's would need a threshold of 95% for activation, so there is no risk of segmentation within the community.
This would allow the users to *truly* have a voice. So long as the core maintainers have a majority of authority granted to them, they cannot ignore that they have a over-wielding reach of power. The only way they can distribute that power is by giving the users *more choices*.
 Since a hardfork would require a non-contentious event, then allocating a 95% activation threshold removes that argument. If there are multiple proposals out there in the wild, then it does not matter so long as all play by the same rules. And they *will* all play by the same rules so long as there is a 95% threshold on activation!
All this would do would be to grant users the *choice* of which software they wish to run, as initially envisioned by satoshi and continued by the bitcoin community at large. So long as the core maintainers ignore their position of authority and only grant one software choice, then AFAIK, then the decentralized model has failed and has instead become a cabal of priests dictating from a position of authority.
As a final note, to those who are going to say "You have always had a choice to run alternative software", you would not be incorrect. But you would be ignoring reality. You would be ignoring the power distribution model of the current dynamics of the core maintainers, and how miners have elected them to make choices. You would be ignoring the rampant censorship in this sub that has disallowed talk of competing software.
And look where that has landed us. Now, in a scenario where the core maintainers have a higher authority than what they even themselves admit is appropriate, we cannot even discuss alternative implementations. This to me further hardens the case that it is imperative for the core maintainers to provide *more options* to the users so that *we may actually get to chose which software we run* instead of the cabal deciding for us, and also for the moderators of this forum to discontinue this abhorrent censorship of an agenda that *must be discussed*.
Please understand that the core maintainers did not ask for this. They are not to be blamed for being put in this situation by the miners. But also by specifically choosing to *not* respond to the change of authority, they are allowing a power change to occur which is against the original ideology of the decentralized nature of bitcoin. If miners are no longer voting with their hash power on which software they will run, if they are saying "you choose and we will run it" then you cannot claim it is decentralized and action *must* be taken to prevent this redistribution of power.
@_date: 2015-12-14 18:57:40


Big difference from the above quote to the OP's title - "bitcoin can be integrated into country's financial system"
We've always known any asset can be integrated into any financial system. Bitcoin seems to be a no brainer as the infrastructure is already there to bridge btc to fiat.
Of course not knocking the news, thats great, just not as sensational as the title claims.
@_date: 2015-12-20 20:53:53


Good read on the subject. As for how it will be secured, that is a evolution. As more neccessary OP_CODE's are added to core, sidechains will enhance their security. 


This will change, or may have already changed with BIP65.
@_date: 2015-12-18 18:02:38


No, but there are still whales who are trying to induce panic by shorting massive amounts. Look at 4:00 december 12th and 3:15 december 16th UTC time:
Those are MASSIVE dumps that have no purpose other than to sow chaos.
A market player who is trying to maximize profits will reduce slippage as much as possible. I doubt that someone who is throwing around a few million dollars is a rookie, and would not dump that hard unless they wanted to specifically cause fear and panic. They did not care a whit about slippage, and lost a ton of profit by exiting like that. Thats purposeful. 
I think the positive thing looking at these events is the resilience of the market. Despite these attempts to sow fear and panic, the market stabilized quickly and rebounded.
This does not always happen. When we are in a bear market these types of events cause psychology changes that lead to massive shorts by more market participants that have a net negative impact.
The overall point is that markets are markets, and the weak hands have been long gone, but it does not change the big players from playing big hands. Big hands are what often moves the market. Dying from a thousand cuts is when the overall market loses confidence, something that we've not seen yet. The next bull run is going to be the opposite, its going to be healing from a thousand kisses, as buyers rush to purchase because of FOMO. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 02:46:28
wait...what? Who said anything about securing a different network?
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:59:14


The karma speaks for itself. As for bandwagoning, Im not and I mean exactly what I said. You are like a blind man wandering without his cane, mimmicking the tapping motions with a invisible stick.
In short, your stretching to reach points that dont exist. Also, when you dont bother responding to the points raised then it shows you have no clue what your talking about. You should not raise points on things you dont understand, it makes your ignorance apparent. Especially immature when you were the one that accused me of not understanding what im talking about. I'll make sure to steer away from you in the future, you must be young and angry.
@_date: 2015-12-20 06:35:43
Agreed, but its perfect fuel for media-bitcoin-argmegedden in which those 'nefarious miners attack the security of the USA'....I can see it being effective scare tactics to the woefully ignorant.
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:36:21


Yes, but aside from what gavin stated, you are also opening yourself to loose the block you just announced because if someone announces a winning block within that 10 minute verification period and propagates that block then bam you lost. Unless im mistaken on how that works? I thought it was the block that is verified and propagated that wins?
@_date: 2015-12-20 18:30:15
Yea, right as whales induce panic and massive short sell the market.
@_date: 2015-12-20 20:50:52


Does talking about the concept of the gigantic elephant in the room help with moving the elephant out of the room? Or does talking about the elephant, directly, as it exists, help move the elephant out of the room?
Seems to me that the elephant, and the concept of the elephant are both intertwined and to discuss one is to discuss the other. 
I think that the moderators are trying to play a fine line game that is impossible to orchestrate without seriously interrupting the constructive conversation that comes from the discussion of technology *and its implementations*. 
"You can discuss tires, but dont you dare discuss how they are seated on the rims!"
This sub's leadership has degraded into a delirious over-reach of power in a childish attempt to sustain a opinion on broad subjective content.  
@_date: 2015-12-15 17:49:56
Thank you for the response and im very happy to read that!
@_date: 2015-12-15 02:52:29
I know that Tadge and Joseph state here that they source academics for their onion protocol (Hornet + Sphinx), but are they going to bounce their proposal off the TOR developers to see if they have any input on it once they have a working paper?
Seems to me that only the TOR developers will be best suited to really attack the proof of concept with game theory as very few people are absorbed into the technology as these guys.
Not that these two are not brilliant, or yourself, or any other developer in this industry, but when it comes to onion routing the TOR dev's know best and are better suited hypothesizing vurn's in theoretical scenario's.
@_date: 2015-12-31 19:25:16


Then what does mean by this and what technologies is he referring to? Specifics please and thank you.


@_date: 2015-12-30 05:47:06
Nice left field swing there buddy. Any other random advice for the day?
@_date: 2015-12-20 06:34:51
I dont wish to kill whales, they are just another aspect of the ecosystem to consider.
Also they are big cute animals that are peaceful.
@_date: 2015-12-31 18:14:11
Correct. This is why the implementation of negative interest rates will be possible, as they will retain control of your money at all times, visibly or invisibly. There might be "personal wallets" but they will have to be able to enforce their penalty interest somehow, otherwise the advantages of the issuance disappears.
@_date: 2015-12-31 17:44:09
Exciting :)
@_date: 2015-12-21 22:10:33
Thank you for the reply jgarzik. I would have hoped that the linux foundation was more open to bitcoin than R3 though.
@_date: 2015-12-22 05:16:57


In a way that is much more destructive towards the entire economy. What Peter is discussing here is called 'sabotage'.
- I've actually been a proponent of both sides, and argued much on increasing blocksize. I've gotten banned, and unbanned here for walking the fine line of aggravating the mods over the censorship issues. I say these things so you can understand clearly that in general, im probably leaning more to your side of the argument.
After seeing this, it makes it very difficult to respect your work. How could I, in good conscience, accept the things you say when deep down it seems that you are willing to sabotage the repro to get your way?
That is not the behavior that we would expect out of academics, and it most certainly has hurt your cause.   
@_date: 2015-12-08 16:58:21


It would be pretty funny. People keep thinking "what the shit? Why is this on top, *click down*" all the while enabling it to go up to the top.
And then there would be the sheeple clicking the upvote because its at the top, so hey, it must be good right?
My view is that the clear thinking individuals always outweigh the sheeple, otherwise we would not always see good generated content at the top. Also, most of the top comments is about theymos and his inadequacies, which further highlights the proof that most people are smarter than we think. 
The net result is that the shit posts would be at the top.
@_date: 2015-12-28 21:56:18
-  &lt;p&gt;Martti Malmi&lt;span&gt;(AKA Sirius)&lt;br&gt;Inactive&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
-  &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=" Marquardt&lt;/a&gt;&lt;span&gt;(AKA Theymos)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
+  &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href="
+  &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href="
So, Theymos, Cobra-bitcoin and Theymos? This does not appear to name anyone? And as theymos [stated below]( that person is anonymous.
@_date: 2015-12-31 16:32:32




This is is a quality observation and dont let the childish replies sway you to think that this whole sub is filled with poor communicators.
I've spoken to the core dev's directly and they all admit that they need better docu writers to help laymen understand their directions and efforts. You can reach them on  on freenode and have a chat, though obviously they are busy folks so we must not abuse that privilege. 
Im someone who has invested almost 3 years of his spare time deep into understanding bitcoin and I still have no idea how they plan on reducing mining centralization. p2p pool was the last major effor that I saw introduced, and that had nothing to do with core. Weak blocks/Thin Blocks, IBLT and other compression/efficiency network improvement protocols can help reduce mining centralization *a little*, but anyone who thinks those proposals will effect more than a needle in a haystack are not thinking clearly. These technologies help the mining cabals in china just as much as they help the small guys, sometimes more if you concentrate on the fact that mining centralization in china is who benefits the most from the relay networks, and other block proposals. The biggest threat right now is the great firewall of china, NOT cabal's of miners. If the chinese government decided to add a firewall rule today that blocked miners, bam, there goes &gt; 70% of the entire networks hashing power. Then one non-china pool could 51% attack the network. These are realistic dangers, we have no idea what china will do as we've seen before. 
The main reason bitcoin is centralized is the high cost of entry, making it a barrier for most hobby techies. lukejr stated that he has some hope with bitfury's new 16nm equipment coming to market, and this does make sense as if we can get much faster, refined, cheaper and more efficient mining equipment it makes access to enter the market easier.
But nothing can change the economic incentive to mining and this is what has created the ASIC industry and the centralization of miners. So long as there is money to be made, there will always be attempts by players to monopolize the industry with money/power.
This is not something core dev's can solve in my humble opinion, and I would love to hear what has in his/their plans. A more detailed response would have been nice considering the visibility of this question/post.
21co is actually one of the few hopes I have of this changing. By introducing integrated mining devices into society that bootstraps this automated IoT device idea, we introduce a death from a thousand cuts effect to the overall mining effect. When and if this becomes a major player in decentralizing bitcoin it will be years from now, but there is hope in this direction. I have higher hopes from market entrants like 21co vs core devs because they are offering value propositions that bootstrap themselves, a direct competitor ...albeit small....to the mining cabals.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:51:13


First these are false numbers. Sipa has even agreed (on IRC) that the closer short term (2016) numbers are around 1.25 with soft fork adoption rates based on historical data, NOT 1.75x. 1.75x is a assumption of 100% adoption including all wallet providers, exchanges, PSP's upgrading to support SW style transactions, which we can all agree is not going to happen in 2016. Its going to take 6 months to code, test and deploy *IF* we are lucky, which puts us at 2017 before 100% adoption occurs.
As for the "scale responsibly" portion, that is based on bikeshedding. The entire point of this devlist post was to show that there is industry wide consensus on a short term blocksize bump *now* and not later.
When you have the economic majority stating they want something, with the proper communication channels in effect, even the core maintainers have agreed the risk is low. What this means is that sipa's claims that there is a risk on hardforking is unfounded.
Considering this, that makes sipa's movement to specifically avoid a blocksize increase a political action, *not* a action based on technical merit. 
We all know what happens to industries or projects that avoid the economic majority's wishes. We are going to witness that happen in 2016. I do not think it will be healthy for bitcoin but sipa needs to be more open to the middle ground. His conservatism is going to damage the reputation of core.


I doubt this to be the case, unless you think that the core maintainers are a bunch of children who put their ego's ahead of the common good. More than likely they will adjust their roadmap to include a blocksize upgrade when they see that the market is going to react without them. To do otherwise would be to go against caution, screaming into the wind shouting "I am immortal" while jumping off a 50 story building. They would be directly damaging the network health by specifically going against the wishes of the market, making *them* the damaging parties and also the minority.
@_date: 2015-12-22 02:01:29


No, I am not. I believe I made my statement quite clear, but thank you and please do not put words in my mouth, they are already written above you can read them yourself.


You must have missed quite a bit of my post. You should probably re-read it. 
The point is that with the miners colluding and giving their voting power up, it creates a pooled distribution of power in the hands of developers. The developers, while being great developers, are not economic advisers, are not game theory specialists, are not majors in psychology or sociology. They are not in a position to make well rounded decisions on things that have strong economic implications. And they genuinely, to their credit, try to stay out of it.
The problem here is they are ignoring that the wand has been passed to them, which creates a new dynamic of power and defeats the voting scheme behind bitcoin.
The miners should vote based on what they feel is best, and they should take into consideration the whole economy when doing so, which includes the users, the community, the PSP's, the exchanges, the software engineers and anyone else who may apply.
Im asking for a fair democracy here, not a dictatorship or a cabal of dictators.
The maintainers are not even trying to be a cabal. They are good people who believe they are doing whats best for bitcoin. But they are also ignoring the concentration of power that has fallen in their lap and the *only* way to get out of that power struggle *is to give the power back*. The only way they can do that is by providing options to the community, so that we can weigh them, discuss them, vote on them, etc.
And really, is asking for options wrong? There's nothing to be lost in this scenario. Give two proposals, one with SW SF, and the other with SG SF + preferred maxsize block cap proposal. This way the community still gets SW, exactly the way the core developers want it, and then the community gets to  *actually decide* on whether we should raise the block size limit. You know, that one that was never supposed to be there in the first place?
@_date: 2015-12-14 21:37:55


Not to mention that driving a lethal vehicle and focusing on taking picture of QR codes is by definition dangerous and irresponsible.
Got to agree, this obsession with making videos for things that are explained in 2 seconds with a few bullet points is annoying. I stopped watching the video half way through frustrated and decided to just read the comments.
I applaud Mycelium for their professional looking marketing, but the approach needs to not be so video heavy for simple things.
@_date: 2015-12-17 22:19:25
This conversation is riddled with semantics and assumptions. I'll leave you to your musings. 
@_date: 2015-12-08 21:28:20
kangaroo here, can confirm, very jealous. 
EDIT - am i shadowbanned? Can anyone see this if so please respond?
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:30:57


Which means that the consensus of the *network* is what the *majority* of nodes (miners) choose to use. This means that the software that the pool operators choose to run is typically the consensus. Of course, non-mining nodes could collude, or decide to run a different software which would then force the miners hands, but we are getting into game theory at this point.
We could both agree im sure that the full node operators are more than likely to run the *one* software choice that is given to them by core, which is advocated by the miners. The issue is circular you see. It all comes back to reaching consensus, because consensus is what maintains the health of the network. We all wish to do the thing that is most beneficial to the network, and that means coordinating the usage of the majority software to make sure everyone is playing by the same rules, for the beneficial health of the network.
I think this is a discussion of semantics at this point. You can phrase things however you will, but it does not take away the reality of the network, the rules, the behaviors, the economic incentives, motvies and the psychology behind it all.
Its all circular. Everything is connected and you cay say they are not voting *technically* since they are just "reordering", just like you could say the nodes are not *technically* voting, they are just "using the software that best suits their preference" ....but it would be ignoring the overall dynamics of the network.
@_date: 2015-12-30 05:39:30


Super mature. I expected better from you. Just because Peter resorts to Ad Hominem does not mean you need to resort to childish retorts. Just dont reply if you dont have a reasonable answer.
@_date: 2015-12-31 18:16:27


The philosophy is not prohibited, just the promotion of directly using alternative clients. Either way thats a stretch :P Theymos is a loon, but he's not *that* much of a loon.
@_date: 2015-12-22 05:27:20


Its difficult to take you seriously when you make a comment that is so radically opposed to the core concept of the bitcoin whitepaper. You really think that there is no such thing as voting? So when a BIP activates, thats not because of voting? When we reach a threshold for anything, anytime, that is not based on voting?
What is consensus if it is not the voting mechanism that miners exhibit when choosing which software to run? Its the *only* true consensus that the whitepaper discusses. Yet here you are arguing the opposite? Strange bird.


The developers are core maintainers because they've proven themselves to the community to have the ecosystem's best interest at heart.  I would like to remind you that at this very moment, and every moment going forward, that there are dissenting developers with opposing opinions and proposals. I do not need to convince anyone to write things they dont want to write. There are already developers who are willing to write these things, but politics are preventing them from engaging. They are utilizing the devlist to provide rational debate on the issues, yet they cannot convince a conservative to become liberal, can they? No, the policy decisions are at heart, political at this point and time. Its very much become a ethereal discussion of policy, instead of reality.
I respect you kanzure, but I disagree with you. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 18:40:58


!= bitcoin itself.
Your argument falls short of reality.


What 'space' are you referring to? The blogsphere? If so I would say you are enormously overstating his importance, even in such a thing as minimally impactful as the blogsphere when compared to the core components of the community (merchants, developers, providers).
@_date: 2015-12-23 17:51:17


Also known as 'testnet'.
Im confused by this whole mess. 


Why cant ethereum provide these services directly? What is it about ConsenSys that makes it so special?
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:39:24


Yet, we already have widespread agreement within the economy to upgrade to at least 2mb.
This makes it a non-risk.
The problem I have with core is they are claiming a position of conservatism based on this muddled truth. Sipa and crew are stating that there is a substantial hard fork risk when there is not. There is no risk in a non-contentious hard fork with the proper communication channels in effect + high activation thresholds. 
They are bikeshedding.
 
@_date: 2015-12-16 16:02:01
You are a very young man, and it shows. Nothing you said accurately reflects the general feeling by women on prostitution.
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:39:12


Could not have said it better, thank you!


They do, theoretically. Plenty of other implementations both bitcoin and non-bitcoin have captured a lot of talent, so they are constantly in a seat where they must maintain their role of a 'leader'. Its this role that also gives them their moral authority, whether they reject that concept or not. It exists because they people think this way, just like money exists when people believe in its value.
I think at the least, they should be providing more options for the community to vote on.
@_date: 2015-12-22 02:57:04


My solution to return the balance of power that was given to the maintainers from the miners. If the maintainers have a unethical amount of power, which they do given the fact the miners have allotted them their voting power, then they should redistribute the power by nullifying the miners decision. The only way they can do this is by giving the community *options* instead of cramming one thing down our throats whether we like it or not.


The only way we could do that is with a change from SHA256 to another algo. Your not seriously advocating that are you?


It is still their option which software they wish to run. This is still the consensus building mechanism, which piece of software is ran the most. Your not really ignoring this are you?


Guess what? They did, and you refusing to accept the reality of the situation is baffling. Did you not watch the HK conference? Did you not hear the statements passing power to the maintainers? The miners do not want to choose block size, they have given their full voting power to the core maintainers by saying "you choose for us, we will run your choice".
Thats very, very wrong and ignoring that fact wont make it go away.
@_date: 2015-12-28 21:43:21


Which has been replaced by BIP202. Garzik's opinion is now a minority in the core maintainers. Unfortunately.
@_date: 2015-12-22 18:34:53


It allows the core maintainers to respect the facts given, to accept them and to act upon the change of power dynamic. People need to sometimes be shaken before they wake up. 
I've stated the core maintainers didn't ask for this position, yet this position is where they are. Ignoring it does not resolve the situation, *acting* does.
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:34:33
I've been trying, very very hard :)
@_date: 2015-12-19 23:19:20


Given the disposition of most bitcoiners, does very many people think realistically that bitcoiners will want to shout from the towers "hey, look how much bitcoin I have!". Even if it does not expose who they are, it brings attention to it. I dont think it is in the secretive nature of a lot of bitcoiners to do this, but I could be wrong eh! Food for thought.
@_date: 2015-12-28 03:28:33
Yes, ironically showing that decentralized systems that try to build social layers will end up resulting in the same failures the decentralization is meant to resolve.
I hope the admin's are feeling *buckets* of shame for their actions right now. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 02:26:15
Are you against providing more options?   
Do you feel that the developers should have the authority of &gt; 90% of the hashing power saying "Do as you see best" ?


Ah look! I wrote this just for you:


And look where that has landed us. Now, in a scenario where the core maintainers have a higher authority than what they even themselves admit is appropriate, we cannot even discuss alternative implementations. This to me further hardens the case that it is imperative for the core maintainers to provide more options to the users so that we may actually get to chose which software we run instead of the cabal deciding for us, and also for the moderators of this forum to discontinue this abhorrent censorship of an agenda that must be discussed.
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:32:56


At this time and point, yes, and they are ignoring that fact because they are extremely uncomfortable with that. sipa is of the mind that if that is the case then "bitcoin has failed". He does not want it to fail, and so therefore he chooses instead to act like the miners are *not* doing what they are doing, which gives him the excuse of pretending its always been the way it was before the miners said "You choose, we will run it"
@_date: 2015-12-31 16:21:57


Jeff has also been fairly active here unless you've been hiding under a rock :) And his communication skills appear to be the best among all the developers for all the reasons you stated above. I've seen gmaxwell loose his cool and belittle quite a few times, but never garzik. Such a humble and positive dude.
@_date: 2015-12-22 19:19:08
This is a very good case use for bitcoin, avoiding the nightmare of capital controls and dysotopia society that china is becoming/has become.
@_date: 2015-12-31 20:06:15
I look forward to seeing these idea's in the public domain. The faster that these idea's are bounced off the open source community, the faster they will be vetted or be found to have a fatal problem.
Is any of this discussed on the devlist? I've not seen any new proposals in relation to mining protocols that would reduce centralization.
@_date: 2015-12-22 00:49:09


Ass 'o nine!
Really though, im having difficulty following your post. Did you have a point you were trying to make other than vague implications? 


Uh, what? Like, really, what? I said a lot. You are just rambling. Just understand that my core point is that in order to have a choice, we need to have *options...plural*. If you want to disagree with that, by all means please do. Im waiting to hear rational opinions.
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:36:40


Someone gets it! miracles! Be praised! Relief! ;)
Lots have argued against, and its not about right or wrong, its about perception and how we can behave going forward.
@_date: 2015-12-31 03:25:04


yes, some ddos fixes are necessary, which is why it is discussed on the mailing list in the OP.
@_date: 2015-12-30 01:04:22


Nice Ad Hominem. We should totally read everything you say because you can insult people to strengthen your point instead of providing data to support your conclusion.
@_date: 2015-12-31 17:01:00
I came here to say the same. Even though I highly disagree with the policy actions of sipa regarding blocksize, he has done a brilliant piece of work and deserves more credit than the salty stick he is getting poked with left and right.
Thank you sipa!
@_date: 2015-12-30 05:30:47


Give myself away how? Im sure you understand the concept of a activation threshold. Surely you are not implying that such a threshold does not exist for a hard fork? What do you think XT was?


I never said it was? 


Yes, because they both believe in a very simple inherent open source philosophy of giving the users *a choice*. Unlike core, which has gone against the wishes of the industry and is attempting to cram down one solution. Your opinion on this matter is misaligned with the facts. They both agree there is consensus on 2mb. You must not be reading anything they write? Oh I see, your making the ignorant assumption that because they are offering *options* that they cannot read, write or draw conclusions. Nice.


I used quotes for a reason. It was sarcasm. You're really misreading this entire post eh?


Bandwagon/Appeal to authority. Your argument is lacking in rational. Sorry but I deal in common sense and I dont care how many developers sign a pretty letter. SW does not provide a release valve big enough or fast enough and the entire industry *has already agreed that a 2mb bump is appropriate*. Im sure you'll just keep ignoring that though as blocks are already full and a economic change is introduced through inaction.
Funny, im wondering now what your OP even meant. I thought for sure it meant that sipa is bikeshedding on a simple issue like hardforking making it out to be this disaster in the works....you know, *bike shedding*...
@_date: 2015-12-17 17:25:51


Yea, just like Google+ blew facebook and twitter out of the water, right?
Its very difficult to disrupt something that is already bootstrapped, and the king of the castle. Bitcoin is already open source and will benefit from its network effect + innovation.
AFAIK, this project will do the same thing for bitcoin that bitcoin does for altcoins: provide a funnel of idea's, open sourced code etc.
This is a BOON for bitcoin, not the other way around. Yes, it is a shame that they are providing focus not directly to it, but the benefits will still arise.
@_date: 2015-12-28 21:53:41


I would like to point out generic blanket statements like these are false and play a narrative that is disingenuous at best, flat out manipulation/lying at worse.
Instead of making a blanket statement, lets look at the situation one by one when compared to SW:


No, we get a new data structure and the traditional block size remains the same. Estimates show a short term 1.25x increase in space, ones that even sipa himself has confirmed likely since adoption will take time. Not a 4x increase like most people are bullishly believing in. 


This is correct. Which is good/bad depending on your perspective. Not many are advising large increases at the moment anyways, so everyone, including &gt; 90% miners are open to a immediate small blocksize increase. Everyone minus sipa and his cabal of core maintainers apparently.


We can see this at anytime looking at the current network and what software the nodes run. We cannot measure decentralization, so this part is unable to be measured.


It is important to implement both solutions, SW + small bumb. This would cause the most optimal scalability short term with the least impact.


SW + Blocksize bump = maximum efficiency in this regard.


Considering that &gt;90% miners are supporting small blocksize raise, this would *not* be a contentious hard fork, it would be accepted by the entire community.


Accurate statement.


As jeff garzik has pointed out many times to sipa, this is essential but it is being ignored.
There are obvious advantages to SW and it does need to be intergrated into bitcoin as soon as possible. But while it does resolve a lot of concerns, it does not address the scaling concern nearly fast enough as needed, considering network pressure.
The entire community has all reached consensus on at least a small bump, yet core has stated it has no plans to do so.
I think once SW is coded and being tested another developer should release a SW + 2-4-8 or BIP202 client. If we do not have options to vote on, can we really say we have a vote?
 
@_date: 2015-12-31 16:53:43
He makes a pretty detailed and compelling argument, obviously from a bankers perspective.
The issuance of digital currencies by central banks is something that I think will inevitably happen. We should all be scared shitless of it, as it allows the government to monopolize every tiny detail of our lives. 
It allows them infinite printing of money and a very easy implementation of negative interest rates due to no physical instrument. Debt slaves does not even begin to underscore the abuse that will come with a central bank controlling a digital currency that has no cash alternative. Cash is essential to our freedom. These Scandanavian societies who are trying to abolish cash might be great countries with strong community governments, but here we dont have that luxury and handing over that power is spelling the end of our pseudo democracy.
It also creates a power play dynamic where the government has a vested economic interest to see competitors like bitcoin squashed. Thats bad news bears for us folks.
@_date: 2015-12-22 02:36:34
....smh :/ There's so many things wrong with this. You want to ignore the people who are responsible for securing the network? I'll just stop right there. Thats bad enough.
@_date: 2015-12-28 18:33:15


Got to right there and stopped reading. Anyone who is so childish as to resort to insults to strengthen their point is not worth listening to.  
Whoever this "Bingo Boingo" is, they should focus on the data and less on childish taunts and people might take them more seriously.
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:35:53


Yet, that is exactly what they have done. They have said "You choose the rules, we will run it". By making that declaration they are shifting the power. One cpu one vote, remember? Of course that was before pools, so now its like "one pool one vote"  :'(
Ignoring this is not healthy.
@_date: 2015-12-22 18:31:56


The argument is circular. I believe you are disillusioned on the reality of our network.
The majority of the economy is right now determined by core. Its determined by core because they hold a moral authority in that they get to distribute software from satoshi's git. They would disagree of course that they have a moral authority, yet it is what people believe is true that grants them this authority, not what *they* feel is true. It is their choice to act upon it or not.
The &gt; 90% miners have already stated "we will run the software you choose" at HK scaling.
So now we have 2 of the largest power dynamics choosing ONE piece of software.
Can you honestly state, considering those circumstances, that the economy would choose to run a different software?
I think the answer is obvious, and that in itself is the problem. The problem lies within the fact that the maintainers of the software has become entrenched in the system, because the system (miners) have said "we give you our hashing power". I feel the only way to un-entrench themselves from this inappropriate pooling of power is *to give the users choices to vote on*
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:53:00
I agree with said premise, dutifully, with dignity and grac.....HODL!
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:39:26




Considering that im the one who started the conversation *it absolutely was not just about miner centralization*. I asked specifically because of the core vs classic issue and then it happened to go into further details about WHY luke put the pull request in there, which was all to do with them preparing for a future miner centralization emergency and NOT a counter attack on the premise of a classic fork.
sipa's stance was made ULTRA clear and you coming here and trying to misconstrue his words is a fucking shame. Get off the bandwagon kid, I dont need you mucking up the facts.
@_date: 2016-01-03 21:31:30


Im not knocking your post because I like it, but are they really expensive? Lets analyze:  
Raspberry Pi model 2 - $35  
128gb SD card - $20  
Total cost = $55
This is under the assumption that someone is already paying for a broadband internet connection, which I rationally assume we all are. Its about 150gb a month in bandwith which is a acceptable figure for all providers that are not trying to enforce hard caps (fucking comcast). We must recognize only a small portion of the US currently has caps and the rest of the US has a connection that can sustain these numbers monthly no problem.
We also must recognize that the US is a pretty poor measuring stick being 17th in the world on broadband speeds, so using the US as a metric is healthy for this example because it means that most of the modern world can run nodes on home broadband with no additional cost.
This means my raspberry pi I currently have setup as a node costed me a initial $55, draws next to nothing in power, is already using bandwith on a connection already paid for.
net cost? Maybe a few pennies a month in electricity, or $4.58 if you want to carry the cost of the raspberry pi over a annual basis. Most people spend more than that on *starbucks* every day, let alone in a month.
I think a more realistic statement would be that running a node *requires technical know-how* and the barrier to do so is higher than the altruistic intentions that exist in our populace . You can purchase one pre setup for a little over $100 but what is needed are incentive programs for node operators. We have to figure this out eventually, or figure out another way to bootstrap nodes.


Couldn't agree more! Yet when BTCC launched 100 nodes to the network look at how they got ridiculed. Its like you cant win no matter what you do! There needs to be a incentive program outside the subsidy. 
Im not good enough at theorizing sybil attacks to understand what is and what is not possible with node incentivization schemes. Every idea I think of gets put down by those who are smarter in game theory and understand the deep nature of the system better.


Unfortunately, looking at the numbers, most. Like, 99%.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 05:20:43


Because its already getting full and because these things take a long time you need to act *well before* the disaster hits.
That seems remarkably logical and simple and im unsure why you could not understand this from the start.
When you live in a tornado area, do you wait for the tornado to hit before your prep and plan? Or do you build a shelter so you dont die?
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:47:43
Well F me in the A, looks like you are technically correct. Have a upvote :-) I also edited my previous comment for comedic value of my putting my foot in my mouth. Thats what I get for believing what people say without verifying it myself!
@_date: 2016-01-19 03:06:57


And Gavin? Surely you are not calling the person who has coded the majority of code for bitcoin a brogrammer?
I find it strange that this is the top voted comment. All I see is childish bashing going on here. And if they quit, they quit. We need level headed humans who can distance themselves from the ego/emotional argument. Gavin and Garzik have done a amazing job at this and would love to see those two back in charge of the project. If peter and wladimir are going to cry like children because the market decided to go against their wishes then it will be a great lesson of humility. Dont try to force shit down peoples throats. Listen to your community. Most importantly ...*provide options* and let the free market work itself out. Thats the main point of failure here, that they said "its my way or the highway" ...well guess what guys? The highway it is. Enjoy your failed attempt at forcing people to use your open source project.
And gmaxwell, he's going to quit? He works for blockstream who is a bitcoin company. How's that going to work out? Its against blockstreams interest to see core development discontinue. So I doubt that he will be quitting regardless of what happens.
@_date: 2016-01-07 05:08:15
Ahhh, THAT guy! Well, looks like you are right! Thanks for the info.
@_date: 2016-01-06 20:39:56
*slow clap*
Thanks for spending the time to put into words my feelings. The hive mind at work, and more brilliant than my own mind could ever be!
@_date: 2016-01-15 18:04:25


I chuckled at this even though its poor advice/joking. Dont freak the guy out he's just a poor newb :)
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:37:17


jtoomin's research has shown we dont start running into propagation issues until 8mb behind the GFW. I think its misleading to state 2-3mb ambiguously without any data to back it up.
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:49:52


Like gavin tried, last year? And here we are almost a year later with no blocksize increase? 
Sorry bud it does not work like that. You need to plan well in advance, bitcoin moves very slow on purpose.
@_date: 2016-01-06 16:31:25


Yes, as is clearly demonstrated in my content. Such a weird thing to ask unless one is ignorant to the definition, which you clearly think you are not. Look it up, think harder?
@_date: 2016-01-15 19:31:03


Considering that the U.S. is [14th]( in the global rankings, I *already have* considered this information and it is *you* who needs to do more research.
I am basing my information on a standard that is achieved all around the world. Perhaps you should read up on broadband infrastructure and then respond with a informed response instead of ignorant assumptions.


Anecdotal usage accomplishes nothing for your point. Stick to the overall data to make a point. Overall data is on my side because I use data to make my points.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:36:32


You actually think theres going to be a PoW algo change?
@_date: 2016-01-02 17:40:53


Ok. Perhaps you could just read more thoroughly? Or do you think that you can review academic level papers with a laymen education?


@_date: 2016-01-05 18:45:21
Curious though, with SW implemented 0 conf will no longer be 'broken' because malleability will have been fixed with SW.
Isn't this all kind of a pointless debate with that set to go live this year? This has been rolling around in my head for the past 2 weeks but I've not seen anything that would indicate otherwise. Thoughts?
@_date: 2016-01-18 18:56:54
Im a little confused by your comment. It seems that you are purposefully trying to manipulate the narrative while being in full education of the facts. You say this -


And then you quote this....


Are you trying to tell me that you also do not know that Gavin is contributing to bitcoin classic? Or are you trying to say that Gavin, of all people, would allow a bitcoin classic 2mb upgrade without the  DDOS limiting fixes that are present in BIP101?
I understand the code has not been released, but it seems you are creating drama out of nothing. If the issue has been fixed in BIP101, then the issue will be fixed in classic. Implying otherwise would be spreading FUD and nothing further. You are creating a issue out of nothing. Please stop, that is absolutely toxic to the community and we do not need that type of behavior here. You are pulling the classic "sow doubt" method that the tobacco industry used in attempt to stall progress forward. We dont want or need your cancer.
What I would like to know, maybe from , is how does BIP101 fix this attack vector? I've not received any clarification on this issue and it would be great to hear how it approaches it, and what the tradeoff is.
This is the best post to grace the front page of in years. Its clear, its concise and it hits the heart of the situation. Everyone, especially developers, should heed this wisdom.
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:19:27


My apologies, lie was a harsh usage in this scenario. You are misleading people into believe that a change of PoW might occur when clearly that is not a option. Just stop spreading the nonsense because its loaded to manipulate a narrative.
@_date: 2016-01-02 01:44:04


I still cant figure this guy out. I dont know if he's preaching moon math's on his fee market conclusions or not, too many intelligent developers who have questioned his idea's and flat out refused them and I am not academically educated on statistics so I have no means to assess his work individually.
The one thing I do know is that he has a flair for drama and is not beneath entrenching himself in huge personal wars against other people and smearing them all over the place.
If we assume his math is not moon math, and that he's really on to something, I still have difficulties liking the guy because of his behavior. The kinds of antics he has exhibited publicly is toxic for our community and I really hope for our sake that he calms down and starts retorting with data instead of ad hominem. Because we can use all the intelligent, mature and rational people we can get helping out with the project.
@_date: 2016-01-15 18:03:40


Stop thinking with your emotion and start thinking with your brain. bitcoin is a rollercoaster. We've visited this point before many times and we have hills and valleys all year long. We will get lower, yes, and we will get higher, and we will get both, again and again and again.
Just be patient, wait. Traders have losses on paper all the time, but losses on paper are not real losses until you let emotion override rationality and sell.
@_date: 2016-01-06 02:59:57


Its impossible to take you seriously when ~~you are so ignorant to the facts~~ I am so ignorant of the facts. Good luck.
@_date: 2016-01-05 22:28:54
Thank you for the advice but your reply was entirely unhelpful. If you wish to substantiate your claim then you should do it with knowledge, not with general assumptions and accusations. I was clearly looking for information on the situation, so if you are not willing to provide it, then please dont respond.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:46:52


A small blocker apparently.


And gavin, is he also someone who is nefariously misleading the entire community on a technical debate? And jeff garzik? .......
Really man, this is trash. I cant take anyone seriously when they make wild speculative claims like this.
@_date: 2016-01-19 03:55:40


You are correct. He is the  largest contributor. My point still stands.




As for....


I want some of what you are smoking.


Nice analogy that has absolutely no accuracy when it comes to bitcoin development. I really need what your smoking. Anything that I can smoke that makes me loose grasp of reality and allows my conscious to accept that everything conforms with its viewpoint must be *very* nice for anxiety. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 20:18:12


According to , they do not -


I would encourage everyone to read that thread and the additional comments for context to understand this perspective directly from a mining pool operator.
What I have extrapolated from it is that currently there is no significant risk correlated between blocksize and orphan rates *at the current 1mb limit*. This is subject to change as the block size increases, but we cannot know until it is done. I believe Gavin has done significant research on gossip networks and the propagation of blocks and used that data when deciding to release BIP101.   
I quickly searched and found [a blog post here on the issue] (
@_date: 2016-01-07 00:24:12
Bitcoin - $313 on Jan 1st 2015, $433 on Jan 1st 2016 representing a 38% annual gain.  
Berkshire Hathaway [had a 11.5% net loss](
To whoever bet that 1000btc : OUCH :/
@_date: 2016-01-05 19:11:46
Trolling as always I see.
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:36:17


Yes, and as everyone can confirm I did not edit their statements. I merely cleaned things up to make it more human readable. 
I edited my statement just for you, because I like you and I think your special.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:26:58


It can, but its unlikely. We have many well respected members of the community that will be willing to step up to the plate.
@_date: 2016-01-07 21:16:44


Can someone who is more familiar with the flexcap proposals than I please differentiate the technical differences and perceived merits of this proposal vs current flexcap BIP's?
I will happily changetip you dollar for a thorough accurate response.
@_date: 2016-01-04 17:15:56


Im not concerned about everybody. I dont cater to the 1%, that is futile reasoning and not even worth discussing, let alone used as a point.


representing an average annualized speed increase of about 36 percent from the 15.6 Mbps
average of 2012.] (
According to the FCC the *average* broadband speed is 21.2mbps. And the news for upload broadband is even better being *above* advertised speeds -
average, across all ISPs, upload speed was 107 percent of advertised speed,
closely matching results in last year’s February 2013 Report of 108 percent.
Across almost all carriers, upload speeds showed little evidence of congestion
with small variance between 24 hour averages and peak period averages28. 
This means that the average broadband user in America, which represents the *majority* of Americans, will incur *no additional costs and have the full bandwith required to sustain a node*. And remember, we are 17th in *the world* in broadband, which means there are 16 other countries that are much better off than the numbers used in this analysis. Forget about lukejr man, no one cares about his boonie connection. The real facts are what matters, not speculation on irrelevant figures.
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:44:02


I think its healthy for competition to exist within a ecosystem. The spirit of bitcoin thrives on this basic premise. When the market says to the incumbent "do this or we will move out" its a check to the balance of power.
I think all of this will blow over and no one will leave development and it will force core to consider a 2mb increase sooner rather than later. 
That is a good thing. 


One of those "possible scenarios" is NOT changing the mining algo and implying thats a possibility is absolutely a downright lie. 
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:45:24


There's definitely a lot of that going on from you. I dont know where you got confused but I laid out the facts pretty clearly and classic had absolutely nothing to do with the conversation. This was about the mining algo and core changing it, which the core maintainers have already said wont happen. Its a shut case buddy, good luck to your wandering thoughts.
@_date: 2016-01-09 21:38:44


All I see there is petulant reasoning and fear mongering. colbee and jeff garzin have provided substantial rationality in their arguments and I see little to none coming from you.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:02:17


I thought core maintainers did not get involved in politics? What happened to the "we just provide software and the users decide" narrative?
You can understand how end users get burnt out by this false narrative that gets played out by core maintainers. Your either in it, part of it, breathe it and participate in it, or you are out of it, isolated in a bubble away from all the noise. You can't have both.
Maybe he's not trolling, but he sure is one inflammatory character. Its almost like he tries to be divisive on purpose.
@_date: 2016-01-07 00:30:11


I actually like Joe's [post on the devlist that suggest increasing the blocksize with a soft "firm" fork]( , because instead of creating a fork, it just turns the nodes into zombies that cannot verify transactions from nodes running the upgraded software.
I think that this concept should be explored more, because it presents a interesting solution that in a "worst case" scenario it still does not cause a network fork, it just causes node count to drop as older nodes are not understanding the new rules.
This seems a better "fail safe" mechanism than a hard fork where things could *potentially* get ugly with a fork of the network.
Yet, I still think that such a proposal is only good for future HF scenario's where its more contentious. This small blocksize increase proposal is *not* contentious so a hardfork *should* be deployed. If not for the many advantages that a HF has over a SF, then at least as a data mission to provide much needed metrics for future more-risky HF scenario's.
@_date: 2016-01-14 18:46:57


We do not.
I believe gregory maxwell propsed "proof of storage" that is the current best possible solution to this issue. Or so I've been told by people smarter than me when I bring up solving the sybil attack issue.
But until we can resolve the sybil attack we cannot payout node operators. The economic incentive to scam is much greater than the economic incentive to run a node so long as sybil attacks exist and are cheap as they are.
And yes, there's some automatic downvote bot thats been active for a while on here I've noticed it for some time.
@_date: 2016-01-04 17:28:16


This is speculation. The general assumption held to be true is that the value of bitcoin will raise proportionally with time/usage. This means that the subsidy, despite the halving will continue to fund miners *for long term*. You must also consider moore's law in relation to mining technology which will continue to advance in increased hashing power and reduce operational amp's needed, making mining more readily available and decentralized as power increases and costs lower. 
Thats why the fuckery going on with core in refusing to raise blocksize is absurd. They are trying to play economics when they should be writing code and allowing the free market to find its equilibrium on its own.


Thats one slippery slope. You need to have a identity and a bank account to be on paypal. The whole point of bitcoin is that its boarderless payment option, with no national incumbents interfering. How easy is it for Akumbah in Africa to setup a paypal account? Oh whats that, he cant set one up? 
Your point is missing the bigger picture by a landslide. Bitcoin is about creating banking *for the world* without incumbents trying to fuck with it. Paypal is a nice option for you and me, but we are a small majority of the world. Bitcoin is for the world, and you need to start thinking like it.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:35:48


This was clearly a planned sensational exposé targeted at hurting bitcoin as much as possible. I have lost all respect for Mike Hearn. its one thing to have a opinion, its another to set fire to the bridge while leaving your home town and saying goodbye to your family.
@_date: 2016-01-07 21:13:27


He should rename himself to NegativeBitcoinNancy
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:10:56
Excellent point. I experimented with botnets 15 + years ago as a kid. If I was able to control the number that I did at the level of inexperience I had, I can only imagine what is possible today with the massive integration of internet connected devices.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:44:41


Your doubt seems to be misplaced. Just because they are not creating a currency does not mean that they are not a competitor. Remember, R3 is a banking cartel. Banks are a direct competitor of bitcoin.
This should help you understand:
@_date: 2016-01-20 02:39:38
I read the article looking for the attack vector and saw none described. Thank you for clarifying it!
@_date: 2016-01-06 18:51:10
A non-contentious HF is not risky. Core maintainers have even said themselves that non-contentious upgrades with the right communication channels pose no risk. Claiming it is and adding disproportional weight (severe issue vs non-severe issue) is bikeshedding.
Im not sure how you failed to see that.
@_date: 2016-01-11 19:18:43


Maybe, but probably not? Only because we do not know which future rules in regards to block size/type will be adopted.
To give a valid example, lets say we move to a dynamic flexcap scenario where blocks constructed must be within a median/margin of X% of the prior block or X # of blocks. If that 2mb block was constructed outside of those parameters it would be considered invalid and rejected by nodes on the network running with the flexcap rules.
Or perhaps im not understanding the scenario correctly in my head. I would think if your tx on a BIP102 node that was constructing a 2mb block would only be broadcasted to other BIP102 supporting nodes, and the nodes not running BIP102 would ignore it and continue on the chain they constructed. I cant think of a scenario where your chain and the old chain would just suddenly meet again and have a valid block?
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:27:29
 [BIP50] ( and even recently [BIP66] (
I'll take your resignation now please.
@_date: 2016-01-07 03:18:20
The problem is creating any centralized control, and yes, to me 9 servers is absolutely centralized, that they are creating a imperfect system prone to corruption.
While there may not be a *perfect* system, im thinking that this is far from it. If 7 of the 9 servers agree to give up the data due to laws in their country, but 2 of the servers refuse because their national laws do not care about the "law" that was broken, then thats only 2 people you need to kidnap or coerce into providing the data.
Highly flawed, but still a interesting concept and I will look forward to seeing it in action.
Also, whats to prevent the usage of anonymity services prior to entering PrivaTegrity? Nothing. So this could essentially just be another layer for privacy advocates, which would be a overall net win to the privacy advocates.
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:04:26


I was referring to this:


Which, when taken into context with all the available knowledge, is bikeshedding. It is creating the idea that this is some very risky bad thing, when in reality its a very easy upgrade when the majority of the network has already reached consensus on the upgrade. 


Which is why a small increase + SW makes the most sense. I do agree with most of what you said, so please dont take my prior commentary as dissenting. 
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:29:34
They did not. I had to take the issue to them to get clarification.
@_date: 2016-01-14 02:09:52


Frankly this is the most reasonable suggestion I've ever seen regarding this topic, and its coming from a *very* well respected developer. I would hope that theymos has at least a smidgen of maturity and will switch the policy to be in accord with this recommendation.
Though, I wont be surprised if he does not. We've seen his antics and all respect has been lost. Only reversal could bring back respect to our glorious moderator. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 22:37:08


We have prior data on hardforks that we can see, which does not make it a unknown. On top of that, the entire industry has already expressed a willingness to move to 2mb blocks which makes the fork non-contentious. A non-contentious HF poses no risk if the economy on whole is willing to upgrade.
Im tired of this hardfork bikeshedding I keep seeing repeated. If the economy on whole has expressed in the majority (&gt; 90%) that a 2mb blocksize upgrade should be done, *then it should be done*. Of course there are things that need to be done first prior to rollout, but that makes it even more essential that the decision to do so is made *now* instead of *later* when blocks are full and we have allowed a centralized group of actors to create economic policy artificially through stagnation and purposeful delays. That type of risky behavior is unacceptable as it changes the economics of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-01-08 20:39:12


Which creates a catch22 that our glorious troll leader certainly understands. 
Miners have already reached consensus on a 2mb upgrade. This is no secret. Yet they cannot do this because core, despite signaling over the past few *years* that a upgrade was needed, suddenly has decided to not provide exactly which it said was needed. So now it means that the miners would have to run a alternative implementation which would break the current rules because the status quo has not provided that option.
It will happen. I can see this clearly now. The status quo will be broken, but the question is how much damage will it do before consensus is reached via the network? nothing that wont be healed over time, but ego's will be damaged for sure.
@_date: 2016-01-12 04:57:10


Two and a half *miners* ... :-)
@_date: 2016-01-12 02:36:47
Saved by the Block
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:38:41
Stop feeding into emotion. One expose article by one person who was dead set on hurting bitcoin as much as possible with his exodus to the competition means *nothing*.
Nothing has changed. The fundamentals still tell us strongly that we need a block size increase and the past year of discussion on the topic has been quite enough to let core know they are dropping the ball.
@_date: 2016-01-07 02:53:35


Which is why im a strong advocate for *options* to be given to the users. I would prefer it if core released several software options or a user configurable UI so that users can compile their own chosen implementations into their builds. But failing core being sensible and allowing for a free market to choose their own path as they wish, then they will be overridden by other competing softwares who give the economic majority the features they desire.
I take your point however and agree.
@_date: 2016-01-13 18:26:34


Was this the 'big news' ? That another giant has absorbed a media company? How is this good news?
We need to decentralize things, not follow the footsteps of oligarchical corporate america where the people with the biggest wallets control the main media sources. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:03:46


Considering that the statement ...


Is refuted by this [direct statement from Pieter Wuille](
 ...
I would say this is wild speculation and anyone who is making large scale decisions based on false information and fear should not be in charge of anything.
None of the mining equipment will be rendered useless. There is no cause for fear. They will simply switch to whatever client is mining the longest chain when and if that switch is necessary. They would have at least 5 weeks to switch before BC's HF activates with full knowledge that it *will activate* so any fear of a fork that causes a losing minority coin is simply unfounded. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:54:14


Please stop spreading these lies, they are [blatantly false](
@_date: 2016-01-14 18:43:15


I got it, but most people may not recognize your username and think that you are instead just some crazy guy.
@_date: 2016-01-10 03:31:58
Yes, and I would be willing to donate as well for most posts. I would suggest sticking to replies from vetted users in the industry such as pool operators or other important members so you are not burdened with too much translation work.
I would also sync up with since he has a nice spreadsheet of all of the mining groups stances on the various proposals and it would be good to get more thorough feedback and to add it to his spreadsheet.
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:03:22




Even sipa has agreed that short term (2016, possibly some of 2017) will not see the 1.75x as that is just the theoretical maximum block size savings due to increased usage of segwit. Several have pointed and and I watched him agree on irc that short term its closer to 1.25x savings for non-P2SH tx's.
So if short term we are only going to see a plausible 25% adoption rate, then that would mean that the multiplication effect would only be around 25% of the minimum/maximum size. 
What theymos is doing is assuming 100% adoption the moment SW goes live, which is obviously stupid or the more likely, intentionally misleading.
I think realistically with SW at the more likely adoption rate of 25%, we will see even less than the 1.6-2MB that you are proposing...probably 1.4-1.8MB range average. 
What our glorious leader is doing is purposefully misleading the community in order to create fear and hysteria over blocksize so that it aligns with his beliefs. He should be ashamed of himself, but of course he obviously feels none since here he is still misleading the community on the facts and pretending that consensus on 2mb for BC does not exist and still holds to his immature and destructive policy.
@_date: 2016-01-18 21:08:32


So because he quoted it he is immune to understanding it? Whether it was his statement or someone elses does not excuse him from spreading directly conflicting information in the same sentence. If he does not understand it he should not be quoting it.
@_date: 2016-01-06 23:42:03
Here's the relevant bitcoin quote:


@_date: 2016-01-15 17:50:26


You mean that thing thats free? Whether you are running a VPS or are on a home connection your bandwith is not metered or limited. Yes, I understand that &lt; 1% has this limitation but the node operators are not the 1%'ers. Even if it was metered or limited right now I have about 150gb in data per month. If it doubed that would be 300gb. Still chump change compared to the streaming, gaming and other data intensive activities I do.
People act like moores law doesnt exist and that bandwith is going to decrease instead of increase. Eat a piece of reality cake people.
@_date: 2016-01-07 16:08:29


Can confirm. HODLING.
@_date: 2016-01-11 01:51:01


Correct. I did not mean to generalize there I should have been more specific. Thank you for clarifying.
@_date: 2016-01-02 01:50:42


In this is where sipa is dropping the ~~ball~~ block. The only valid excuse against this argument is a ddos [cpu] attack from the larger blocks that can be constructed and take x20 time to validate.
Yet, this is resolvable. So why not make the roadmap:
Fix DDOS.  
-2 Implement SW + 2MB blocksize increase.
Yet they are asking for blocks to fill up and to change bitcoin as we know it. Highly irresponsible. In this, im all for peter's mentality. If these core maintainers are not going to do it, then they will not be the most popular client. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:37:22
Yea! I only wear bitcoin underwear! No double shits in these drawers!
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:31:05


Yes, I did not base my statement on this single incident. He's made the rounds on lunacy for a few years now. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:09:30


By 'this point', you mean this point in centralization fears? We are *years* away from a real threat of centralization. I think its good to plan for circumstances, but even perpetuating this line of thinking right now is especially toxic in this environment. We have enough drama to worry about and dont need extra sauce on the plate.
@_date: 2016-01-03 21:43:54


If you ignore the facts, sure. Bigger block = longer propagation and higher risk of orphanage. Are you really going to risk thousands of dollars for a few bucks? Most miners are not. And thats all we have to worry about....most miners. It does not matter if a few individuals choose to gamble so long as the majority prefers not to. Which the majority never will if it means risking all their money, the economic incentive is against creating artificial blocks.


Again, if you ignore the facts. Possible downside = loosing everything. Possible upside = increasing &lt; 1% profits? Very unlikely miners will choose this payment plan.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:37:23
Yea, I've never seen a thread spiral out of control to tin hat mania so fast. Clearly this thread deserves zero attention. 
@_date: 2016-01-14 16:38:45
No worries man, I didn't really think you were impersonating him, just that the names were so similar that it is easy to get mixed up. Thanks for all the info, enjoy the 3,000 facebook friend requests.
@_date: 2016-01-15 01:34:58


You are ignoring the power of central media and you should well know the folly of that. This sub has *always* been the central go-to place for bitcoin related information. It takes time for the status-quo to be broken and for a new equilibrium to be found. I think once the bitcoin.com forums get upvoting/downvoting installed we will see the migration happen, assuming theymos does not wake up from his lucid dream and reverse his moderation policies.


No, I think he nailed it spot on and there are no maybe's about it. You can see the evolution of opinion from miners and how it has changed with the circumstances. jtoomin has been doing a excellent job documenting various stances so we can now see the evolution of those opinions. 
Thankfully gavin is stepping up to the plate and doing whats necessary by decentralizing development to multiple implementations. Him and garzik should team up and contribute most of their work to bitcoin classic so we can get back on satoshi's roadmap and not the roadmap dictated by people who did not even agree with satoshi's vision.
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:37:12
Fixed! Hope it passes your approval sir. Please feel free to downvote further if you like.
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:57:35


So if im understanding this correctly, you can send a tx with 0 fee flagged with RBF and wait for a very nice miner to pickup the tx, and if X amount of time goes by and no one picks it up you can then RBF re-broadcast with a elevated fee?
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:10:19


Yes, instead we will re-invent the entire data structure of bitcoin and shift everything around to make it more efficient. SW is a very complex engineering approach that requires significant work.
Compared to SW, fixing DDOS so that blocksize could be raised to 2MB in conjunction with SW *is* simple. These are very intelligent people and if they wanted to do it, they could. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 18:40:35


Only mentally :)
@_date: 2016-01-14 02:04:34




My initial response to this comment was "wow, luke jr finally said something reasonable" ...then I realized it was not his real account. Play me the fool!
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:32:00


False narrative.
First, bitcoin *absolutely is* useful because it is cheap to spend. Second, there might be cheaper options but is the liquidity there to support the transaction without slippage? What options do I have with competitors to bitcoin to do large transactions and to settle the amount in fiat without acceptable losses? When I say acceptable, I mean that PPS providers (coinbase, bitpay etc) can create a business plan that will remain profitable long term and not loose their ass on slippage.
The logic of the argument still stands. Creating a artificial limit to try to change the economics of the market will only result in loss business and the bolstering of competitors. The net result is a loss of usage (value) to bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:04:06


Yes, it was that post that got others in the community thinking that this is a reality. I made this post so that people could stop throwing around that theory as if it was a realistic possibility. Its not.
@_date: 2016-01-06 23:33:32


What risks? We have industry wide consensus. Core maintainers have admitted in the past that a HF with consensus and the proper communication methods ensure there is little risk in a HF.
Yet now we are here at this point, and suddenly its otherwise?
This stinks of politics.
@_date: 2016-01-07 03:20:09


This is the first time I've heard that. Do you have any proof of this?
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:59:45


You will eventually. Or bitcoin will have failed, its one or the other. If it succeeds, then it will replace the need for banks. Remember bitcoin's motto : Be your own bank!
@_date: 2016-01-14 02:32:51


This is the correct attitude for this character. smartfbrankings is like a more intelligent version of bgr444. They are both negative nancy's who spend their lives trolling and want to vamp all of your happiness.
The best way to deal with these vampires are to ignore them.
@_date: 2016-01-12 02:49:40
Confirmed, HODL!
@_date: 2016-01-14 18:57:51


Only if your serious comment is also awash with satire.
@_date: 2016-01-14 03:30:06


No, thats jimmy. If it were jimmy we might have a chance. But we are talking about Mr drops his pants to his ankles to take a piss and has shitstains all over his undies.
There's no hope for that kid.
@_date: 2016-01-14 03:43:42
I think Gavin [said it best here]( when it was brought up in another thread.












The important part being the last bit. Resources changes the dynamics of everything. If there's only one satoshi *of course* a 2nd implementation would not be a good idea. Im sure if he saw a future where he leaves, and other developers take over who are not adhering to the vision he set forth, then he would have saw the need for multiple compatible clients.
@_date: 2016-01-19 02:58:11


You have completely failed to understand what is going on, though that does not surprise me.
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:25:02


No, they are creating a disproportional weight of argument against hardforking as if its this big bad thing when its not. Some have even admitted that with the consensus and proper communication channels there is nothing to fear. By their own words they have admitted with the proper context there is no problem, yet they go and signal to the community that this is a very risky thing, when it is not. 
That is the bikeshedding. They are doing it, not the community.
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:43:09


I have no idea where you go this line of thinking but not only is it dangerous, its blatantly false. I specifically took the time out of my day to start a conversation in  to get to the bottom of this, and after reading this you STILL think the earth is square and the sun is going to run out of fuel?
I dont know what to do with crazy people like you. Statements directly from the core maintainers that are clear as day dont do it for you, so what will? 
@_date: 2016-01-04 17:33:57


Probably because you were using XT and the fucked up antics of children playing war games. I've never had my core node ddos'd but when I ran XT I got ddos'd a few times.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:26:37
City Bank a so so special! Partners with City Wok. Special today you pay with city Fiat you get city beef!
@_date: 2016-01-09 19:10:44
The catch22 still applies. But you are correct, I just try to keep things simplified at times for arguments sake.
@_date: 2016-01-03 21:08:46


You are appealing to a slippery slope fallacy.
First, your assumption is out of context. The assumption of a 10x increase was correlated with price increase. And there is a strong emphasis on *miners* (nodes) that will flourish with the price increase.
The number of transactions is a reasonable way to count the userbase but it is a irrelevant metric when trying to measure the amount of miners. Which is why your assumption does not work.
So even though we see a higher transaction thoroughput than 2-3 years ago, we must recognize that the price was also *nearly triple* exactly 2 years ago. Higher price means more miners which means more nodes. Lower price means less miners which means less nodes.
@_date: 2016-01-14 03:27:45


What, you mean "together" ?
Yes, theymos clearly does not understand that word. Him and his mirror make up the majority of "consensus" on moderation policy. You've got to love his sock puppet admin on bitcoin.org that seems to have all these problems with the way things are done that no one else has. Strangely similar to exactly the way theymos feels......hum, I wonder why snake wants to remain anonymous? Pretty sure if this was scooby doo, they would pull the mask off snake and it would just be theymos laughing manically about how he was going to get away with his dirty plan if it wasn't for those pesky kids!