@_author: geologyisgneiss
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:37:18
Got to love the people who think they can pump the BTC price by spamming reddit.
@_date: 2017-01-04 15:17:51
You know full well that while you may use it, others treat it as an investment, a way to make profit, etc. Just like normal currencies.
@_date: 2017-01-04 15:38:02
I'm pretty sure you just agreed with my point that people looking to profit and use Bitcoin as investment should not invest what they cannot afford to lose.
@_date: 2015-09-08 14:59:14
Yeah, and the exchange "CoinCorner" is based here too.
@_date: 2015-09-08 15:31:21
Anyone who doesn't live in the capital hasn't heard of bitcoin, and the only people who live in the capital who have heard of it are e-Gaming and financial sectors. 
As someone who doesn't live in the capital, I learnt a lot from this article. Had no idea those 3 places accepted it, that the government was experimenting with blockchain technology, or that people are apparently being "educated" by the CoinCorner chap. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 14:49:30
As someone who actually lives on the island, I like to think that we're not stuck in the 1970s :)
There are a number of wealthy people that live here probably for tax purposes, but they've been slowly squeezed and some have moved away.
Edit: Feel free to ask any questions about the island you may have, I'll try and answer them
@_date: 2015-09-08 21:00:42
As someone who doesn't live in Douglas, I rarely hear anything about bitcoin, if at all. I've seen bitcoin articles in the independent a couple of times, and talked to people about it, and they said that they didn't really understand it. 
Sat down one night and had a few beers with someone who'd had their interest piqued but had no idea what was going on, and they were fascinated. They then got a job in the financial sector and tried to go along to a meeting they heard about, about cryptocurrency, but were denied entrance, and told that they would have to pay to get in. 
Bitcoin is mainly known in the e-Gaming and Financial circles, I don't feel like the "Bitcoin Island" really describes the IOM right now considering that there's still such little awareness/interest in it.
The main thing to do right now is to make it easier to enter bitcoin, and try and educate people thoroughly on the potential that cryptocurrency has, as well as showing them how convenient it can be once they get their head around it.
Disclaimer: I'm down a few pints tonight so I may wake up tomorrow morning and wonder what on earth I've typed but hey
@_date: 2015-09-08 15:09:50
As someone who lives here, but doesn't live in Douglas, I literally see nothing Bitcoin related. It's all centred where the e-Gaming and financial sector is. If this "Bitcoin Island" is to become a reality, the general public have to start being included, and told about this, and it has to be easier to get them onboard (easier to understand, get hold of bitcoins, and more applications for it). I think I've only seen 1 articles in the Manx Independent about bitcoin, and that could easily have been brushed over.
@_date: 2015-09-08 14:57:21
As a young person who lives on the island, maybe I can offer a little insight into the bitcoin here.
95% of people on the island don't know what it is. The finance sector over here seems to have taken note however, and they have a strong voice in government. The government have therefore taken steps to regulate it and encourage bitcoin business. However, they do not advertise it to the locals, and 99% of bitcoin activity over here is wealthy finance sector people.
There was recently a secret-ish, unadvertised bitcoin "gathering" at an undisclosed location on the island, that was only accessible by people who had connections. I have a friend who tried to get in on the door, and security turned him back, saying that entry was £250. 
I would love to see Bitcoin become more prevalent on the island here, as I believe that the setting is perfect. The problem is that if you tried to explain it to the average person on the street, they'd be confused, it would take too much effort for them to get into, and there's not much point. Hardly anyone has heard that the government has actually been doing bitcoin/blockchain related activity, and there are only a handful of people around who know that there is a group of bitcoin enthusiasts/investors on the island.
Personally, I've been following bitcoin for years, but because I have no connections and did not want to pay £250, I'm getting nowhere near that group.
If bitcoin becomes easier for the average person on the street to understand, get into, and see the benefits of, I believe that the "Bitcoin Island" could definitely become a thing, but for now it's controlled and only understood by the financial sector. (I was eating lunch today in a nice restaurant near the financial offices and overheard a couple of people talking about bitcoin)
Edit: Forgot to mention that the e-Gaming sector has brought things forward even more with bitcoin. Pokerstars are based here, etc. 
@_date: 2015-11-03 17:29:03
I've been accumulating blockchains for a while.