@_author: geophysics-4_54
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:31:34
Sorry, but it's seems to be true. You simply wouldn't be making the mistakes you've been making if you had learnt how to understand the scientific method, research and statistical analysis.
Again no source for your North Korea claim and it is likely anything we do have is unreliable. For traffic deaths, per capita the Federated States of Micronesia has the least at 1.9 per 100, 000 inhabitants followed by Sweden at 2.8. 
Source: 
The data was from the World Health Organisation in 2015.
I'd recommend you stay in r/The_Donald because you wouldn't last five minutes in r/Science.
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:36:30
See this is where it is a sad comedic irony to read your  responses.
You quote my request for peer reviewed science. You provide a book which had not been peer reviewed. Do you see how this is comedy gold to me.
The book has been debunked by academics repeatably.
"We reached two main conclusions: First, that there was no credible statistical evidence that the adoption of concealed-carry laws reduced crime; and second that the best data,.., suggested that the laws increased the costs of crime to the tune of $1 billion per year"
Ayres, I. and Donohue III, J.J., 2003. The latest misfires in support of the" more guns, less crime" hypothesis. Stanford Law Review, pp.1371-1398.
I guess Stanford Law Review doesn't know what it's talking about right?
More academic debunking:
"We show that, whether one looks at the original Lott and Mustard specification, the latest Moody and Marvell specification, or a plausible alternative specification, there is consistent evidence for the unsurprising proposition that RTC laws increase aggravated assault. We address some anomalies in these models and their resulting estimates. The Lott and Mustard model, for example, suffers from omitted-variable bias in failing to control for the impact of incarceration. In addition, the Moody and Marvell model generates odd predictions of the impact of incarceration on crime for most crime categories, and it appears to suggest (anomalously) that crack had no impact on murder."
Donohue, J. and Ayres, I., 2009. More guns, less crime fails again: the latest evidence from 1977–2006.
I guess Yale Law has no idea what they are talking about?
U.S has a lower suicide rate than Japan, great. But in the U.S gun ownership is strongly associated with higher suicide rates. We are not talking about gun control, how many times do I need to remind you. The fact is in the U.S if you own a gun your are more likely to be a homicide victim, commit homicide within your own family or commit suicide.
The book More Guns, Less Crime is unreviewed, unscientific junk. If you want my own person opinion I think people should be allowed to own guns (with regulations). But to discredit the research on the risks ownership is just denialism. You keep referring to gun control which is not the debate here. The point is owning a gun is associated with issues mentioned previously.
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:09:02
Again you don't provide any sources for your claims that they have been debunked. Have you even read them? I doubt it. Peer reviewed papers provide the methods of how they got their data.
The papers were for individuals who own guns, which looked at homicide rates against those individuals compared to those in the same area. So regardless of crime rate in a given region such as Plano or Japan you could see how a gun ownership influences the chance of being mudered/shot etc.
I'm sorry but your comment is painfully obvious you don't understand statistical analysis, the scientific method or the peer review process.
The paper also compares suicide rates in a similar way on a national level helping to smooth out state differences and see a whole picture. The study was conducted in 2004 and has been cited 164 times in other studies. These are well produced studies, which have clear conclusions based on solid evidence. Your reply was to call people cucks if they believe the science.
Sorry, but you are the definition of someone who thinks they are way smarter than they are. Based on what I've seen from you there is no way you have a scientific background and it's clear you are having a hard time comprehending the science. This is why you attempt to call it ideological (with no proof) because you have to make out it's all a conspiracy.
I really hope you didn't mean it when you said you've been looking into it for years. Because your ineptitude is so clear. Should have gone to college.
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:39:52
You ask for sources, they provide peer reviewed academic literature and your response is with a wiki page of a random murder case?
Wow you must be so dumb it's incomprehensible to you when you have proven incorrect.
100% Dunning Kruger Effect.
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:59:27
If you had any academic credentials you would have provided peer reviewed data to support your claims (Something you have yet to do).
Thank you for again proving you have no idea what you are talking about as social economic factors have been controlled.
Suicide in the Home in Relation to Gun Ownership published The New England Journal of Medicine. This paper has been cited 732 times.
Excerpt from the Methods:
"Their answers were compared with those of control subjects from the same neighborhood, matched with the victim according to sex, race, and age range. Crude and adjusted odds ratios were calculated with matched-pairs methods."
Except from Conclusions:
"Ready availability of firearms is associated with an increased risk of suicide in the home."
Kellermann, A.L., Rivara, F.P., Somes, G., Reay, D.T., Francisco, J., Banton, J.G., Prodzinski, J., Fligner, C. and Hackman, B.B., 1992. Suicide in the home in relation to gun ownership. New England journal of medicine, 327(7), pp.467-472.
This has also been done for homicide, again using societal economic controls.
"Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance."
Kellermann, A.L., Rivara, F.P., Rushforth, N.B., Banton, J.G., Reay, D.T., Francisco, J.T., Locci, A.B., Prodzinski, J., Hackman, B.B. and Somes, G., 1993. Gun ownership as a risk factor for homicide in the home. New England Journal of Medicine, 329(15), pp.1084-1091.
I know there seems to be fewer drivers in North Korea but without data it's pointless. You never provide primary sources, despite all your supposed credentials.
I'm not talking about gun control we are just looking at the science which shows that gun ownership increases ones chance of being a homicide victim or committing suicide.
Jihadi's are not relevant here, neither are truck laws. Your just desperate to change the topic because you can not cope with the research on gun ownership. If you want to own a gun that's fine, but to deny the research is just idiotic.
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:50:23
There where so many people who called Warren an idiot/dinosaur for not buying crypto. They thought they were BETTER than Buffet. Warren doesn't buy into booms he buys stocks in companies with good stable growth. While these people are broke Warren just keeps on making Billions. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:19:40
Bubble has popped! $20000 for a bitcoin, sorry no thanks. Bitcoin had steady growth for a while then everyone started buy to get rich quick. I have an old friend who just started up selling bitcoin day trader seminars... He's in his early 20's and bitcoin was his only investment in his life yet people believe he knows the market. 
People are going to lose a lot of money and have done already. Time to sell and cut loses anyone who chooses to HODL will be eating rice and beans until next year.