@_author: georgi_so
@_date: 2019-04-30 17:39:41
KYC is definitely not an ideal solution. However, money laundering is a real problem. According to United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime the estimated amount of money laundered globally in one year is 2 - 5% of global GDP, or $800 billion - $2 trillion in current US dollars. A big part of it happens through internet resources that do not have a goal to allow people to launder money like crypto exchanges. KYC makes it harder to launder money (it doesn't completely solve the problem tho). Thanks to KYC people who already have criminal records related to money laundering cannot part take in many of the projects related to trading, for example.
I have experience working for an eKYC provider - BASIS ID. I have seen a lot of people, who tried to fake their documents or had AML records. KYC definitely stops those people from laundering money.
Someone mentioned here that KYC is very old, I don't think so. It's relatively new. Many companies and eKYC providers are trying to develop KYC process, make it more effective, safe and user-friendly. But it's only the beginning, there's still a long way to go.
Data privacy might be an issue but it really depends on a service provider. Some companies, like the one I've worked for, do a good job encrypting data and storing it in parts in different locations. But there are also companies who don't pay any attention to that. So there's always a risk when you provide your personal data to a website.
In conclusion I would say that KYC is an equivalent of trying to catch child molesters by doing a thorough background check on every person who wants to work with children.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:35:37
Sorry if I wasn't clear. I said that money laundering is indeed a real problem, assumed that everyone understands why it's bad, and moved on to explaining that it, in fact, is a BIG problem.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:45:41
Also, if someone's interested, I've found an interesting [blog on medium]( about the biggest money laundering scandals and KYC.
@_date: 2019-05-01 16:25:27
How are they able to do it without KYC? Is there a loophole?
@_date: 2019-05-01 16:11:40
You are not "assumed guilty unless proven otherwise". It just makes life harder for those who launder money. Now they have to find more sophisticated ways to do it. 
Regarding "Storing all those documents in a central location...": It's awful and there's a big risk of data breach, which can result in identity theft and, as a consequence, in more money laundering. However, many of the KYC providers like BASIS ID store encrypted data in different locations. If one location has a breach, hackers will not be able to obtain any data.
@_date: 2019-05-01 12:58:17
How come money laundering is the same as vegetable sales?