@_author: -ger-
@_date: 2015-06-22 12:19:30
Apparently they have several things in development, including light versions of Armory, I don't know timeframes though. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:45:27
A nice clear site you have there. Hopefully you will soon deliver to Ireland too, though I have to say, some books can be got cheaper locally here, and this is not a cheap place for books. That said, if you start delivering to Ireland, I will definitely look at your site over bookdepositary.
Also, a really nice competition and discount, please keep it ;) or close to it. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:03:04
The article is somewhat lacking detail, so a little looking finds lots of info. 
[dcentproject.eu]( and
[D-CENT Decentralised Citizens ENgagement Technologies pdf](
I've not had a chance to read, only had a chance to skim it, but I see they mention using the Nxt blockchain, and lots about bitcoin, it's 60 pages, so anyone interested, have at. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:55:24
With so many people operating in the space, it's rare enough that I'm very impressed, but the guys at Blockcypher deserve kudos. Since I first read up on their work I have been very impressed, it's work like theirs that really pushes the whole sector forward. Nice work on implementing their API, you guys, and shapeshift and many others, with strong stubborn(in a good way) ethics, regarding consumer privacy are great to have around, to use, and also to highlight the vastly different path other companies are taking.
@_date: 2015-06-22 12:16:10
Armory on BIP38


Armory Technologies does not support any backup mechanisms that require the user's memory for recovery of their wallet and funds. Humans forget passwords all the time, which is especially relevant when that password may not be used for years until the backup is finally needed. Furthermore, it is very important to us to encourage users to create backups in a way that their heirs will be able to recover their wallets in the event of disappearance or death. Any backups that require the original user's memory will result in permanently lost coins.
Many users want BIP38 encrypted backups because they want to limit single-points of failure -- i.e the backup being found by an unauthorized person. BIP38 enable a kind of 2-of-2 backup: in order to restore your wallet, you need a piece of paper and a piece of information in your brain. Armory achieves the same goal but without user's memory, by providing fragmented backups. You can make a 2-of-2 backup which is a safer version of BIP38 encrypted backups. In fact, a 2-of-3 or 3-of-5 is even better, as it adds redundancy in addition to security.
We understand this doesn't necessarily meet 100% of use cases, but we also find it our duty to help guide users to best practices that ensure both security and "continuity," especially since many of these aspects of using and securing bitcoins are non-intuitive.
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:06:11
So opinion touted as fact, seems about right. I love how some feel able to be so certain on the future of unique items, which have never existed in their current form. A horse and cart has wheels, as has a car, yet my car refuses to run on hay and oats....*ponders making own ethanol*  
He talks of Bitcoin as if it can be acquired, like a small business.  His opinion on it's future may turn out to be  true, but if it does, it will be a pure chance, not his amazing knowledge of the inevitable outcome. 
The banks will play a huge part, I have no doubt, but the joy of Bitcoin is that it would have to be with the users agreement, not the banks enforcement. 