@_author: gerardvp
@_date: 2014-07-30 23:33:54
No resolution after talks with creditors in New York
S&amp;P puts Argentina on ‘selective default’
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:16:56
Full text:
THIS week's Free exchange column looks at some of the monetary economics of Bitcoin. One of the funny (and telling) things about Bitcoin is that its basic technical details are sufficiently complicated that every piece on the subject must begin with some sort of explainer. For that, let me direct you to a companion piece to the Free exchange, which looks at Bitcoin as a technological platform.
Bitcoin is really quite ingenious and elegant, but it has all sorts of basic flaws that make it an unlikely candidate for world domination. The Free exchange focuses on one in particular: limited supply.
The currency’s “money supply” will eventually be capped at 21m units. To Bitcoin’s libertarian disciples, that is a neat way to preclude the inflationary central-bank meddling to which most currencies are prone. Yet modern central banks favour low but positive inflation for good reason. In the real world wages are “sticky”: firms find it difficult to cut their employees’ pay. A modicum of inflation greases the system by, in effect, cutting the wages of workers whose pay cheques fail to keep pace with inflation. If the money supply grows too slowly, then prices fall and workers with sticky wages become more costly. Unemployment tends to rise as a result. If employed workers hoard cash in expectation of further price reductions, the downturn gathers momentum.Bitcoin’s money supply is still growing; its miners are just over halfway to producing the total possible number. New coins will be minted until around 2030. Miners may then introduce transaction fees as compensation for their critical verification work. More worryingly, deflation is already a reality. Soaring demand for the currency is partly responsible for boosting its price (therefore reducing the price of everything else in Bitcoin terms, generating deflation). But the knowledge that supply is ultimately finite is also a factor.That other currencies remain the medium of account has so far been the Bitcoin economy’s saving grace. If Bitcoin matured into a complete currency, with large numbers of workers using it as their medium of account, then its inflexibility could bring economic havoc. Money-supply “shocks”, like the disappearance of Mt Gox, could set off a systemic collapse. Given a loss of faith in exchanges, users might withdraw their coins in a panic, leading to a dangerous decline in transaction volume. Such hoarding could threaten Bitcoin’s status as a medium of exchange, leading to its complete demise as a currency.Reputable exchanges with large institutional holdings could help stem such panics by advertising a willingness to sell their Bitcoins to meet liquidity demand. Yet because Bitcoin reserves are finite, users may not find the promise credible. By contrast, central banks with the inexhaustible resources of the printing press face no such inconvenient constraints.
What is interesting to me is that the supply cap is by no means a critical part of the system's inner workings. In the original white paper on the currency, Satoshi Nakamoto muses that supply could be capped to prevent inflation, but he (she? they?) does not at all insist that it must be. Money supply implications aside, the cap will challenge Bitcoin's basic business model, since the "miners" that encode every transaction in the currency's permanent record are now compensated for their work with new coins—through seignorage, effectively. And since the cost of that seignorage is spread across every outstanding Bitcoin, transaction fees in the system remain very low. That will change once miners switch to transaction fees as the main mode of compensation.
The cap is even weirder since a fixed supply isn't remotely necessary to keep inflation in check. Bitcoin already has a built in mechanism to limit supply, which is the difficulty of the proof-of-work task miners are required to complete to get their new Bitcoin. At the moment, the difficulty is adjusted so that one new block (a unit of verified transactions added to the "blockchain", which is the system's permanent record) is created every ten minutes, but it could conceivably be adjusted to mimic any monetary policy rule you like. What's more, the idea that modern central banks with their loosey-goosey printing presses have generated an epidemic of inflation is a little nuts; if anything, rich-world central banks have become too effective at protecting the value of their respective currencies.
It is true that 1.5% inflation per year is not nothing. Bitcoin conceivably offers an entirely inflation-free place to park resources. But what should be clear now is that the inflation central bankers generate is buying the economy something. It's buying resilience in the face of economic shocks; if Bitcoin actually were the unit of account in a Bitcoin economy, the Mt Gox turmoil would have generated a deep depression. It's buying the promise that when your bank is robbed the government will make you whole.
That's an important point, because if Bitcoin is going to grow it is going to need to grow dependable banks and exchanges. The overwhelming majority of consumers in an economy will not be bothered to learn the details required to safely store their Bitcoin in a wallet on their personal hard drive. But if you're going to have central exchanges you're going to have liquidity risk, you're going to have guarantee schemes, and you're going to want the flexibility of supply needed to keep such systems afloat.
The cap can be adjusted or eliminated altogether, as it happens. All that's needed is a change in Bitcoin's software, which is then "ratified" by miners representing more than half of the system's computing power. One might say that whether or not the system takes that decision, or is capable of taking that decision, will determine Bitcoin's potential as something more than (as the Free exchange says) Mastercard for geeks.
In the meantime, existing central banks may ultimately explore the use of cryptographically protected digital money as a replacement for existing currency forms. As they should; Bitcoin transfers are cheap, relatively fast, and secure. While richer economies are considering such steps, which could prove to be Bitcoin killers, it will be interesting to see if Bitcoin takes off in markets that do not have credible central banks capable of keeping inflation in check (or credible banks capable of not losing and/or stealing depositor money). Infrastructure limitations will be a problem in many places, but Bitcoin is a much more obvious solution to monetary woes in the developing world than elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-03-18 09:52:57
Maybe because Litecoin is doing the opposite?
@_date: 2014-07-30 23:46:32
Didn't know we had such an educated people in our community
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:13:04
and yet another tweet:
Bitcoin is not dead. Please submit your obituaries to   for the collection
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:36:33
[Link to Marketwatch](
Opinion: Bitcoin has no place in any portfolio
Published: Jan 28, 2015 6:30 a.m. ET
The vast majority of investors should not give bitcoin the time of day.
Bitcoin, the digital currency that took the world by storm about a year ago, is back in the news in a big way lately.
First, there is a San Francisco startup called Coinbase backed with over $100 million that has opened the first “real” marketplace for bitcoin. Coinbase has backers including the New York Stock Exchange and Andreessen Horowitz, and aims to provide real-time pricing and a true market for bitcoin.
At the same time, Internet entrepreneurs Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss are making the rounds talking up the potential of bitcoin, claiming the potential market could be in the “trillions.” Of course, they are talking their own book as they wait for regulators to sign off on the first exchange-traded fund that will hold bitcoins … but considering there is just $3.5 billion or so held in bitcoins at present value, that’s a big-time prediction.
Bitcoin shouldn’t even be on your radar.
So what’s the score? Should investors see the decline in bitcoin prices over the last year and the recent buzz about the digital currency as a sign of hope?
No way.
The sad reality is that while there may be a select few that are going to make money on bitcoins, the vast majority of investors should not give bitcoin the time of day.
Here’s why the cryptocurrency is little more than a technological quirk, and has no place in your portfolio:
No True Value: Proponents like to talk about how bitcoin has no central bank or authority behind it as a net positive, but that fact also means a lack of true value. A bitcoin, then, is simply worth whatever a random person is willing to pay — derisively known as the “greater fool” theory, because profits rely on your ability to find someone more foolish than yourself who is willing to buy higher.
Anonymity Is a Double-Edged Sword: Another purported benefit that the currency is “frictionless” — meaning that there aren’t added costs associated with moving transactions through a megabank or credit card processor — and anonymous. This is great when you’re trying to keep a deal under the radar from the police or the tax man … but if your account is hacked and your bitcoins are stolen, you have little recourse to catch the thieves. That’s what apparently happened to Mt. Gox in 2014 when hackers made off with bitcoins worth about $460 million at the time.
Big Volatility: These characteristics, naturally, lead to big risks in bitcoin — and subsequently, big volatility in the price of the digital currency. While bitcoin surged from about $13 in January 2013 to a peak of roughly $1,150 at the end of November 2013, prices were as low as $178 a few weeks ago. Such a wild range in roughly two years should show how speculative bitcoin is.
@_date: 2015-01-30 10:55:55
The recent drop in energy prices has dominated financial headlines in recent months, with the fallout having been wide ranging and somewhat conflicting. Consumers have received what amounts to a tax cut, and with more money to spend that’s good news for retailers. At the same time, stocks are experiencing a decent level of volatility, plagued by many of the same factors that are causing oil to plummet, including soft demand, a strong dollar and continued economic weakness across Europe, Japan and even China.
Receiving far less press attention is the ongoing collapse of Bitcoin prices. While this is not unexpected given the house of cards Bitcoin was built on, no one should forget that only a short time ago Bitcoin had reached manic levels. Investors worldwide – including high-powered venture capital firms and well-respected tech entrepreneurs – sang its praises, pouring millions into the virtual currency and confidently declaring that it was the next big thing
That seems like a long time ago indeed. Since late 2013, when Bitcoin hit $1,200 its value has plunged more than 80%. If one of the purposes of a currency is to create stability across multiple marketplaces to empower smooth transactions between buyers and sellers, then Bitcoin has failed. At this point, it’s merely a speculative commodity, just like tulip bulbs centuries ago or even Beanie Babies more recently. And just like those fads, Bitcoin has peaked and is very unlikely to escalate significantly in value again.
The irony of Bitcoin’s fall is that some of the attributes that initially made it so attractive to its backers like no centralized banking control, lax regulation and no transaction fees, are the very same things that are actually causing its demise. These types of decentralized monetary systems never work, since valuations are allowed to fluctuate wildly and there is a lack of trust in the system. It’s simply not safe to hold Bitcoin. Look no further than the major exchanges, which have either gone bankrupt (Mt. Gox) or suffered major security lapses (Bitstamp). Both of which cost investors millions of dollars in unrecoverable losses.
Ultimately, one of Bitcoin’s biggest problems is the same retailers they are trying to convince to accept Bitcoin. The problem is that retailers that accept them, don’t hold them.  Sure, in theory, some say they will take Bitcoin, but most immediately convert them into dollars – which means every time someone uses Bitcoin to pay for goods or services the currency loses value. It’s basically an elaborate Ponzi scheme. This is a major flaw in Bitcoin, if merchants don’t hold Bitcoin, every time they are used in a purchase they must be sold to someone else, forcing prices lower.
Bitcoin investors are missing the point. When it comes to paying for everyday items, the masses do not want a virtual currency that is difficult to understand, fluctuates wildly and operates in the shadows. What they want is convenience and safety and that means electronic mobile payments in dollars. Such a payment system is just scratching the surface in terms of its potential. To build on it, the major players will have to come together and merge existing technologies, not only to make the system more widely available but more efficient. As most Bitcoin pioneers say today. It’s not about Bitcoin, it’s about the technology. There is huge potential for mobile transactions in dollars.
As you might expect, Apple AAPL +3.1% will play a major role. The company that transformed the music industry and basically changed the definition of the word ‘phone’ now needs to have a similar impact in the world of mobile and electronic payments. While Apple Pay was introduced last year, retailers have been slow to adopt the service, since it requires a significant investment in hardware. A recently announced partnership with Square could help solve this problem.
On the surface, Square, which is partly funded by Starbucks SBUX +1.7%, is a natural fit to help take mobile and electronic payments to the next level. But the company has hit a wall recently, having picked all the low hanging fruit in the marketplace. This is an opportunity to harness the energy it took to enable thousands of small businesses nationwide to process credit card transactions and apply it to making Apple Pay more universal. Many retailers like Starbucks are building their own mobile payment apps. This creates more of a problem than a solution.
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:41:57
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win
@_date: 2015-01-16 17:33:25
Despite bitcoin’s fall in value, China-based bitcoin payment solutions provider GemPay, formerly known as BlockPay, has been signing up new partners.
The company revealed revealed yesterday that it had formed a strategic partnership at the end of 2014 with Hong Kong based international payment solutions provider Globebill.
GemPay CEO Hitters Xu commented regarding the partnership
This is a win-win cooperation. Globebill will introduce GemPay to a large consumer base, GemPay will help Globebill add more payment options.
The intergration of GemPay into Globebill’s payment services is still in the development stage. Currently, Globebill offers e-wallets from Russia payment service providers QIWI, Yandex.Money and Webmoney.
Zheng Huadong, Globebill’s vice president, commented:
Globebill, as China’s leader in cross-border payments, has been concerned about the latest developments in the global payments industry, and for the payment of such emerging Bitcoin digital currency, also maintained great concern. Now working together with China’s leading Bitcoin payment platform GemPay, we hope to bring to the global audience a better, newer, more diversified payment experience.
Xu noted:
This partnership is for GemPay a major strategic cooperation for consumer digital payments .GemPay is committed to digital payments with Bitcoin and other encrypted electronic money, and using it as the basis for future digital consumer behaviour. This cooperation with Globebill is a good start, and we continue to push more e-commerce, online games and other digital consumer cooperation.
Gempay also announced to the Chinese press last week its signing up of online gaming exchange IGXE, conference and exhibition organizer UBM China, and China-based international electronic products vendor Dinodirect.com to offer bitcoin payments.
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:41:24


@_date: 2014-07-07 13:10:03
Google Translatotion:
Traffic bitcoin, a virtual currency used in transactions on the internet, was dismantled earlier this month in the south of France. This is the first of its kind in Europe, celebrated the gendarmerie (POLICE) of Midi-Pyrenees. 
"This is the first dismantling the European level of an illicit such a platform exchange bitcoins," says the police in a statement, where she reported the seizure of 388 bitcoins a total value of approximately EUR 200,000. 
Two people who animated without authorization a platform for the exchange of this currency were indicted.
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:28:13
In korea almost 11.000 $
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:01:25


@_date: 2015-10-05 22:13:33
Diversification sounds like a really good strategy!
@_date: 2017-07-28 12:35:45
Without exchanges and without people trading on them, there would be no Bitcoin. Or maybe we would still trade 10.000 BTC for a Margherita Pizza. 
So please, stop! 
Why don't you invest your energies on creating some solutions? Some contribution on decentralized exchanges or creating better tutorials on cold storage? 
@_date: 2017-07-26 16:25:47
The exchange wasn't hacked. It was tacken over by the police. The money shouldn't be lost, right?
@_date: 2017-07-26 16:47:22
I am not that sure about that.. 
If seized, many people can claim that they had their legitimate founds there
@_date: 2013-12-16 09:42:45
Come on :D
@_date: 2013-12-19 10:25:45
@_date: 2013-12-09 19:31:33
i agree, it still need to pass...
 but the co-signers come from all major parties, which indicates high chances of passing.