@_author: gerryhussein
@_date: 2018-09-26 09:06:13
Shit happens :-(. Thanks for sharing your story.
@_date: 2014-08-25 18:08:36
Why is anonymity/privacy on the blockchain (a public system) seen by many on this forum (so it seems) to be a good thing when the 'little guy/gal' are more likely to suffer from an abuse of it?
Here are a couple of probable scenarios:
A bitcoin milloinaire who has a grudge against you (eg for business reasons) sends many thousands of bitcoin transactions to people in your area promising a reward to make your life difficult (or worse) - anonymously.
A bitcoin rich politician or his/her cronies sends out tens of thousands of bitcoin payments to a town's inhabitants in an attempt to buy votes for an election - anonymously.
If you think these scenarios are unlikely, think of the many scammers out there who get away with crimes and benefit hugely at the expense of everyday people through being able to act with impunity on the internet - now why extend this power to even more who are only held back through fear of being caught?
The current economic systems and infrastructure, though broken and not perfect by any means, still affords more redress than what is being proposed as I will argue below...
The rich, powerful and influential have more to benefit from anonymity at the expense of the little people - they always have throughout history and in the past have covered their tracks by paying go-betweens to do their less than savoury work.. The internet being a recording system where you can't help but leave a digital trail, especially if you are a public figure, has been evening this advantage out somewhat. We now at least know mainly who the powerful are -  it is difficult (impossible?) to create new wealth, be influential in this day and age without leaving a digital trail somewhere - the greater the trail you leave the higher the risk unsavoury stuff can be exposed by someone along the chain. Wikileaks, Snowden etc being high profile examples of the many thousands of disclosures of recent times...
Why go backwards? The best thing about bitcoin is the semi - accountability of the blockchain - IMO we should go to full accountability on a future public blockchain system. Privacy should be possible, between small numbers of parties transacting and probably off block-chain...
@_date: 2014-09-22 20:21:45
STOP AND THINK! It is quite the other way round....
Who stands to benefit disproportionately from privacy and anonymity on a public sphere that is the Internet? 
The powerful and influential or the poor and less well connected?
If I (state, corporation, private individual, the 10 percent) can command huge resources and had anonymity to influence thousands if not millions without the risk of being detected would that be not to the detriment of masses of 'ordinary people'?
The rich and the powerful were always able to buy anonymity in the past by paying go-betweens to do their dirty jobs - this has arguably been getting harder in the age of the internet as one can't help but leave a digital trail if one wants to make new riches or remain influential...
The big news about Snowden is not what he uncovered (since when was state spying big shocking news?) - it is the fact that he was able to do it 'relatively easily and at huge scale' in the first place and if not him it was probably just a question of time before someone else in the chain would do that - just think one little man could bring the "whole rotten structure" down - frankly, and still live to tell the tale - that is the REAL freedom that has been afforded to us by the internet that was not possible before.
What Amir and his lot are attempting to do (and will ultimately fail as information wants to be free) is in fact EXACTLY what the current powerful and influential would want - sometimes in my mean moments I think that they are the pawns in a conspiracy fueled by these very powers - there is nothing guaranteed to to help "them" consolidate and extend their power further than a completely anonymous internet...
IMO, the safest way forward for all is where we get to surveill one another - at least in a public sphere like the Internet - back to the village where every one can find out the others business if they are so motivated. 
We should be building blockchain systems that enforce transparency in public life, not the the other way round.... What you do in private (thus limiting your influence) is your business, but not in a public space like the Internet.
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:45:37
Great comment, could not agree more. We  need to remind ourselves of this every day - change begins at home.
@_date: 2014-09-23 08:32:44


Yes we eventually are. That is the current trajectory of the digital revolution - towards great transparency. If you are a government, corporation, super wealthy individual, major influencer (even minor celebrities) it has been getting harder to keep secrets... Snowden, Wikileaks being two of many examples - see the press every day.
It may well be to ponder why that is the case and whether on balance that is a good or a bad thing. My view it is the lesser of the evils - I am for radical transparency in the public sphere, even if it comes at the expense of my own 'privacy'.
To believe 'cheap and effective' anonymity/privacy tools on the internet will lead to greater freedom for the common man is a fallacy... what would prevent the above and criminals to use it for nefarious deeds against you and me with greater impunity than they even do now?


With the greatest respect, I could not care less about wanting to know your secrets (or mine for that matter) if you do not fit into one of the categories above - I would want to know if the powerful corporation up the road is funding a private army to protect their interests against me and my kin... 
Would that be easier for them to do if Darkwallet had its way?
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:00:58
How does that make sense in terms of making you and me safer? 
If a public network as powerful as the blockchain is anonymous for you and me it is also anonymous for XXXXXXXX (substitute your particular enemy of choice for the x's: governments, corporations, politicians, moguls, organised criminals, terrorists, nerd stalker down the street from you) - 
All of these who may command far more influence and resources than you and could make hell for you - without any possibility of being detected according to your suggestion. 
Imagine your enemy sending 10,000 bribes to people in your town to troll you digitally or physically - anonymously. Or a politician with backers  'buying' millions of votes - anonymously. Does that sound like a safer world or an even more nightmarish one than the leaky internet we have today?
There is a place for peer to peer anonymity, but not on a public network such as the blockchain. Opting for anonymity should also opt one out of influence on the powerful public network, the proper price to pay for anonymity.
Our only safeguard IMO is to design whatever replaces the internet for greater transparency so that we have a chance of keeping each other honest. 
If you have a counter argument to this, I'd love to see it.
