@_author: gerran
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:26:39
Incorrect. Bitcoin was designed to be decentralized. ASICs move bitcoin very much in the direction of centralization, where a smaller number of entities control the network. Imagine a future where mining and transaction fees become big money (talking $millions per block). It is nearly guaranteed that ASICs will become private trade secrets of the financial sector, where they will own the fabrication plants, the IC designs, and use them privately for their own advantage. No one outside their organization will have access to any comparible hardware. They already do this with their HFT algos and software systems, employing armies of top computer scientists, statistitians, and math PhDs.
If a crypto coin is going to have long term success, the general population needs to be able to participate a meaningful way. ASICs prevent this, as they require specialized financial investment and they discourage general participation due to the issues outlined by OP.
If things keep going the way they are, no one on this forum will have access to a useful ASIC because they will all be private trade secrets of larger companies.
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:02:18


That goes against the basic tenet of cryptos. The original intention was decentralization. I absolutely disagree that centralization is unavoidable. With the right design, centralization can be prevented. The web and bittorrent come to mind.


Not at all. As I pointed out, the financial sector already operates enormously scaled, proprietary HFT operations to which no one outside their organization has access. They don't sell the software or access to their servers. It's virtually guaranteed they will do the same with crypto currencies if owning the mining can provide sufficient levels of income.
If you personally could design and build a bitcoin ASIC capable of controlling a majority of the network hashrate, would you sell copies of it, further diluting your mining capacity or keep it a trade secret and use it to control the network? Take a guess at what wall street would do.


Yes. If cryptos continue in the direction they are heading, they will fail. We already see significant signs of failure. For example, people on reddit begging others to leave a pool because they are getting close to 50% of the network hash rate. A trusted system cannot be sustained by people being "nice" and switching pools. The trusted system must be based on hard mathematical rules that cannot be violated by anyone. As of right now, cryptos are on the failure path and this makes me angry because I want to see them succeed.
To the OP's points, something needs to change, or things will fail. Hence his decision to sell 50% of his holdings. We have a significant contributor to the Bitcoin platform hedging against complete failure by selling half his holdings.


Never said that companies won't make money from selling chips. It's just that the top-of-the-line ASICs will never see the light of day outside the controlling company. If the financial incentives are great enough, the company will own their own fabrication plants, chip design, and employ their own engineers as they do with HFT. Other companies may try to compete. If they somehow succeed in creating ASICs as good or better than the private ASICs, they'll just get acquired and become part of the controlling company.
We need to better design the way cryptos work to prevent this type of consolidation and ensure 100% trust among everyone.
@_date: 2016-06-21 05:22:53
Cartman gets his mom to buy a mining rig from China that turns out to be legit. Cartman proceeds to mine every block and amasses a million Bitcoin, only to realize he's mistakenly been mining dogecoin. And by that time his mining rig is vastly outdated and useless.