@_author: getaurox
@_date: 2019-05-15 20:01:12
I signed up in order to reply to your message, cause it seems like some people here are confused as to what Aurox does.
1. A browser based trading terminal is not a "trading platform". Why? Because browsers are running heavy engines to render things. Notice how bitmex causes your cpu to jump up significantly? Browsers were never designed to run heavy calculations and web socket connections like that. That is why they can stall/crash. It's great for monitoring values of coins, stocks, etc.. but not for full fledged trading. Why do you think there is meme's about chrome hogging so much memory?
2. No professional stock trader has ever used browsers to trade. ThinkOrSwim was valued at over 500million dollars when it was sold and it was one of the first desktop based trading terminal for the masses.
3. I'm unsure what you mean by best view? Bitmex, Binance, and Bitfinex are the top 3 cryptocurrency exchanges currently
4. Privacy Policy/Tos is being worked on and will be available this week
5. A trading platform exists in other niches. You seem to be confusing cryptocurrency exchanges with trading platforms. Here is a few that exist for forex, and stocks with thousands if not hundreds of thousands of users combine. (note: they also "just plug into apis" as well)
   1. [
   2. [
6. Most advanced:
   1. The ability to create and save workspaces (non existent anywhere else)
   2. Integration directly into the API of the exchanges that you seem to be completely downplaying the significance of. Feel free to take a look at bitmex API and let me know how easy it is to process their data, render it, and place orders in real time. 
   3. Ability to manage multiple accounts from one central area
   4. News feed of over 500 rss feeds
   5. Alerts (which we're about to wrap up and release) on indicators, not volume like all the competitors do. The only other company that has this is tradingview (but they do not support all coins, and have limitations based on the package you're buying).
There is much more small and large functions to describe such as filtering functions, and market research components but without you even trying the system, and your stance on it, I might be wasting my time. Hopefully the info above helps other people who are more inclined to try something and take advantage of all the tools that we provide once they see them. 
Additionally, there exists a few web based competitors that are mentioned in this thread which I won't mention, but they've been very successful at being a "simple" program that plugs into APIs.