@_author: getgems
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:38:25
Yes. Both iOS and Android apps have a built-in SPV bitcoin client and the ability to send Gemz on-chain and off-chain.
@_date: 2015-06-08 11:55:19
Which device and operating system are you using? Are you using the most updated version? Please email support or write your GetGems username.
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:29:50
Both Android and iOS versions now use SPV (“simplified payment verification”) bitcoin client, the wallet is connected directly to the bitcoin network, removing the need for trusted servers while maintaining much faster performance on mobile devices. Unlike other well known bitcoin wallets, GetGems SPV wallet insures trustless decentralization of bitcoin payments.
The fee for transmitting BTC using GetGems ranges between .000019 and .0001 BTC.
The maximum fee for sending Bitcoin is 0.0001 BTC 
[It is based on the amount of data sent in the transaction. 
This fee is 1000 satoshi per 1 kb of data]
@_date: 2014-12-03 09:22:41
its now locked:  thank you.
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:33:57
BTC and GEMS serve different target audiences within the ecosystem. BTC is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send BTC to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). GEMS is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since GEMS are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own GEMS just from operating within the network. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 06:55:17
Instant messages in Gems arrive in two flavors - standard and secret. Standard messages are the default type and provide a standard level of security. Secret messages are meant for highly confidential conversations and provide an extreme level of security and privacy. App users can switch between these two flavors for every chat conversation. Making a conversation secret is very easy, and only requires tapping on the "lock" icon inside the app.
Instant messages are encrypted on two levels. The first level of encryption is relevant for both standard and secret messages. For both types, all communications between the Gems mobile app and the Gems instant messaging cloud server are encrypted - this is also referred to as client-server encryption. Communications between the two is performed over SSL in a secure tunnel (HTTPS) with 256-bit keys. This prevents third-parties from listening in. This also prevents man-in-the-middle attacks and makes sure the Gems app only communicates with the real server and not anyone impersonating it.
The second level of encryption is only relevant for secret messages. On top of the client-server encryption, secret messages also have client-client encryption. Every Gems app generates a unique random pair of 4096-bit public/private keys upon installation. The public key is propagated within the network, but the private key never leaves the device. The public/private pair is unique to a device. If the user transfers his Gems account to a new device, a new pair is created. The key pair is also expired and refreshed periodically to enhance security.
When user A sends a secret message to user B, it's encrypted using RSA 4096 with user B's public key. Once the message arrives to user B's device, it's decrypted with B's private key. Decryption can only take place on user B's device because only this device has access to the correct private key.
The benefit of client-client encryption is that it provides a zero trust environment. The encrypted message cannot even be decrypted by the Gems server infrastructure. This means that even if the Gems servers have been compromised and hacked into, secret messages are still 100% private and can only be decrypted by their rightful recipient.
The drawback of secret messages is that they cannot appear in push notifications. Since push notifications are encrypted by Apple's/Google's infrastructure, they don't conform to zero trust policy. When a secret message is sent from user A to user B, the push notification user B receives contains the text "You've received a secret message from A" instead of showing the actual content of the message.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:18:45
The gems currency is powered by Counterparty. Every GEMS user automatically gets his own wallet, protected by the passphrase chosen on registration. The social network username is an alias to the gems address, making sending &amp; receiving gems and bitcoins between users as easy as possible.
When you send bits you receive bits and if you send gems you receive gems.
@_date: 2014-12-02 08:06:40
GEMS is powered by Counterparty. Every GEMS user automatically gets his own wallet, protected by the passphrase chosen on registration. The social network username is an alias to the gems address, making sending &amp; receiving gems and bitcoins between users as easy as possible.
It important to note that BTC and GEMS serve different target audiences within the ecosystem. BTC is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send BTC to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). GEMS is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since GEMS are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own GEMS just from operating within the network.
@_date: 2014-12-02 08:21:16
 please read this document: 
The reason we started with the Gems project is because at the moment there isn’t a strong incentive or easy way for the masses to enter the Bitcoin ecosystem. Gems tries to solves this problem by taking the most adopted form of online communication, mobile social messaging, and introducing a value reward system built on top of bitcoin.
Currently, when introducing Bitcoin to most new users, the process remains very complicated. We go to Blockchain.info, set up a wallet and then explain about public and private keys, two-factor authentication, cold storage and so on. It takes us typically 1 to 2 hours to introduce someone new to Bitcoin to get them set up in the ecosystem. (forget about trying to explain Blockchain.info UX to your parents or younger brothers)
Through Gems, we make all of this very simple. The registration process takes 10 seconds. Your username serves as your Bitcoin address. From the beginning, you’ll automatically have a few GEMS to play with -- so right from the start you’ll be using a cryptocurrency without doing anything difficult.
Blockchain.info has roughly 2 million wallets after approximately three years of operation. 2 million wallets means a few hundred thousand users, because most users will have multiple wallets. The reason why Bitcoin is not going mainstream is because there is no actual application for new users to start using cryptocurrencies. This is the gap Gems is bridging very comfortably. At the moment there is no competition for Gems. There are no other applications for new users to adopt the use of cryptocurrencies.
On the social side, having a social network with a built-in monetizing system opens many possibilities in the long run. The Gems platform allows users to decide whether they want to view advertisements; with the incorporated in-app currency and payment system we can have e-commerce thrive within the Gems network.
For scalability, to allow a large number of users who will be sending and receiving small amounts of tokens using the Bitcoin blockchain normally requiring fees, Gems will utilize a hybrid system for on-chain and off-chain transactions. This allows most Gems transactions to remain virtually feeless.
Our focus groups have shown us that if you are introduced a new concept like cryptocurrencies through an application like a messenger or a texting app, the transition is effortless. If the application we are introducing looks and feels like an app the users are already familiar with, like WhatsApp, they are very quick to adopt the new application. If you try to introduce a complex subject such as cryptocurrencies through an online wallet system like Blockchain.info, the new user will get lost in the process. A mobile messaging app will allow us to grow the user base rapidly, bringing value to both users and the network.
The biggest selling point for Gems is that the mobile app makes it effortless for users to enter the Bitcoin ecosystem, while rewarding participation within the network. In addition, instead of public keys, Gems uses aliases for bitcoin addresses, making bitcoin transactions easy between users.
Our heart is in the right place and with the help of the crypto community to grow the network, Gems will be an important step for mainstream adoption.
The "killer app" for bitcoin isn't creating a decentralized storage or other complicated technical projects, it's making the process to join the ecosystem as easy as possible.
It's also important to note that btc and gems serve different target audiences within the Gems ecosystem. btc is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send btc to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). Gems is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since gems are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own gems just from operating within the network.
We are sure that once mainstream users do their first "crypto transaction" they will understand what all of us are talking about. Fiat is "dumb money" compered to bitcoin blockchain technology.
@_date: 2014-10-24 11:39:09
what can you do with Litecoin that justifies $ 124,767,297 marketcap? What justifies Litecoin 1,105 GH/s Hashrate? How many Litecoin users are there? what can you buy with Litecoin? (I can ask these questions regarding most altcoins)
The reason we started with the Gems project is because at the moment there isn’t a strong incentive or easy way for the masses to enter the Bitcoin ecosystem. Gems tries to solves this problem by taking the most adopted form of online communication, mobile social messaging, and introducing a value reward system built on top of bitcoin.
Currently, when introducing Bitcoin to most new users, the process remains very complicated. We go to Blockchain.info, set up a wallet and then explain about public and private keys, two-factor authentication, cold storage and so on. It takes us typically 1 to 2 hours to introduce someone new to Bitcoin to get them set up in the ecosystem. (forget about trying to explain Blockchain.info UX to your parents or younger brothers)
Through Gems, we make all of this very simple. The registration process takes 10 seconds. Your username serves as your Bitcoin address. From the beginning, you’ll automatically have a few GEMS to play with -- so right from the start you’ll be using a cryptocurrency without doing anything difficult.
Blockchain.info has roughly 2 million wallets after approximately three years of operation. 2 million wallets means a few hundred thousand users, because most users will have multiple wallets. The reason why Bitcoin is not going mainstream is because there is no actual application for new users to start using cryptocurrencies. This is the gap Gems is bridging very comfortably. At the moment there is no competition for Gems. There are no other applications for new users to adopt the use of cryptocurrencies.
On the social side, having a social network with a built-in monetizing system opens many possibilities in the long run. The Gems platform allows users to decide whether they want to view advertisements; with the incorporated in-app currency and payment system we can have e-commerce thrive within the Gems network.
For scalability, to allow a large number of users who will be sending and receiving small amounts of tokens using the Bitcoin blockchain normally requiring fees, Gems will utilize a hybrid system for on-chain and off-chain transactions. This allows most Gems transactions to remain virtually feeless.
Our focus groups have shown us that if you are introduced a new concept like cryptocurrencies through an application like a messenger or a texting app, the transition is effortless. If the application we are introducing looks and feels like an app the users are already familiar with, like WhatsApp, they are very quick to adopt the new application. If you try to introduce a complex subject such as cryptocurrencies through an online wallet system like Blockchain.info, the new user will get lost in the process. A mobile messaging app will allow us to grow the user base rapidly, bringing value to both users and the network.
The biggest selling point for Gems is that the mobile app makes it effortless for users to enter the Bitcoin ecosystem, while rewarding participation within the network. In addition, instead of public keys, Gems uses aliases for bitcoin addresses, making bitcoin transactions easy between users.
Our heart is in the right place and with the help of the crypto community to grow the network, Gems will be an important step for mainstream adoption.
The "killer app" for bitcoin isn't creating a decentralized storage or other complicated technical projects, it's making the process to join the ecosystem as easy as possible. 
It's also important to note that btc and gems serve different target audiences within the Gems ecosystem. btc is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send btc to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). Gems is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since gems are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own gems just from operating within the network. 
We are sure that once mainstream users do their first "crypto transaction" they will understand what all of us are talking about. Fiat is "dumb money" compered to bitcoin blockchain technology.
@_date: 2014-11-19 21:44:13
GEMS is powered by Counterparty. Every GEMS user automatically gets his own wallet, protected by the passphrase chosen on registration. The social network username is an alias to the gems address, making sending &amp; receiving gems and bitcoins between users as easy as possible.
It important to note that BTC and GEMS serve different target audiences within the ecosystem. BTC is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send BTC to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). GEMS is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since GEMS are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own GEMS just from operating within the network.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:00:33
 we know some people don’t value their reputation at all, and even feel good about scamming people, but that is very weak argument in our opinion and reflects more on yourself.
Please feel free to ask about the team members in the Israeli Bitcoin community. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 13:58:46
neuroMode, we can understand your initial reaction from your knowledge and experience from current state of the altcoin market (many scams etc). 
Most ICO's have very low accountability towards the buyers and the buyers have very little ability to conduct a due diligence. We are taking the exact opposite route with Gems token sale. As an exmaple, Dario Mutabdzija (Koinify co-founder) visited Israel as part of Koinify's long due diligence on Gems.
Tom Ding (Koinify CEO) expressed  "The problem is the signal-to-noise ratio is really high". "There are too many noises and it becomes really hard for people who want to invest or purchase good, high-quality projects, tokens, to differentiate a good from a bad one."
coindesk article:  describes well this problem that Koinify is trying to solve. 
Koinify is raising the quality and accountability of crypto crowdfunding: (i) True Multi-Sig Wallet (ii) Milestone Based Fund Release (iii) project arbitrator (iv) exchange partners (v) Due Diligence. 
We have been very transparent at every stage of the project: being public with our identities, having an unmoderated bitcointalk thread, the AMA on Reddit, podcast interviews, google hangout and more. We want to build a community around Gems and the only way to do that is to be as open and transparent with our users regarding Gems product and Gems short and long term vision.
Please let us know what other crypto crowdfund has taken the measures we have.
Its important to note:
- kickstarter the most successful crowdfund platform with $1,448,395,609 dollars pledged to Kickstarter projects provide much less accountability to buyers regarding project success than Koinify. Koinify does a more in-depth due diligence process and has control over significant amount of the funds
- we agree that Koinify can potentially increase the limitation regarding the funds release by adding more development milestones, but this approach has disadvantages also, it effects the ability of the project founders to make longer term financial decisions (recruiting developers etc) and will slow down the development process. It will also add more ongoing work for Koinify regarding not only "new" project but maintaining the "old" ones. We think the current approach of 3-4 milestones is the right balance as long as you conduct a good due-diligence on the project founders (very similar to VC and startups) but in the end its Koinify business decision to make.
@_date: 2014-12-01 20:29:27
GEMS is powered by Counterparty. Every GEMS user automatically gets his own wallet, protected by the passphrase chosen on registration. The social network username is an alias to the gems address, making sending &amp; receiving gems and bitcoins between users as easy as possible.
It important to note that BTC and GEMS serve different target audiences within the ecosystem. BTC is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send BTC to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). GEMS is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since GEMS are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own GEMS just from operating within the network.
@_date: 2014-12-02 08:11:16
 You can read all the information here: 
Costs of trading gems: Gems are settled offline through the Gems internal hosted wallet. This is a hybrid semi centralized database system meant for smaller balances and to allow for speed, security and zero transaction fees. Gems are able to be withdrawn to any external counterparty wallet which is processed using our secure counterparty gateway server. The meaning is off-chain cost is zero, on-chain cost is regular bitcoin transaction.
Issuance model looks like this:
100,000,000 is the total amount of Gems. crowdfunding - 50% (50,000,000 GEMS) will be sold during the initial pre-sale.
Airdrops and Incentives - 30% (30,000,000 GEMS),are reserved for daily airdrop distribution. Every day ~27,500 gems are distributed directly or “dropped” into the users' wallets according to a fair and public algorithm.
GEMS Awareness: 12% (12,000,000 GEMS), are reserved for community contributions, third party developers, and bounties.
Development Team: 8 percent or 8,000,000 GEMS, are reserved for the long term development by the team
There are a total of 100M gems. We are selling 50% of the total amount of gems during the pre-sale. The community will decide what's the initial marketcap (just like with ethereum, counterparty, maidsafe, storj, etc).
PRESALE PERKS: Since daily airdrop rewards users who introduce other users, who is rewarded for those who come without a special invitation? Uninvited users will be attributed to random Pre-sale buyers. In addition, air drop share is multiplied by total gems owned. The more gems you own, the more gems you make - an advantage to those who accumulate gems first.
@_date: 2014-12-03 08:54:26
The Gems team has have been very transparent with every stage of the project: being public with our identities, having an unmoderated bitcointalk thread, the AMA on Reddit, podcast interviews, google hangout and more. We want to build a community around Gems and the only way to do that is to be as open and transparent with our users regarding Gems product and Gems short and long term vision
The GEMZ token has exactly same properties on blockchain in terms of total number. The crowdsale is still on the  premise that there is a fixed supply of tokens. It's locked now. Its going to take effect after the next block.
Keep in mind our funds are stored as well in a multi sig with Adam and Koinify, so going a bait and switch route isn't possible. We're very commited to doing it the right way.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:16:56
Gems is a Social Messenger integrated with next generation bitcoin technology. Gems offers a WhatsApp style mobile experience with fully encrypted and private messaging, and a built in wallet.
Additionally Gems introduces an innovative reward mechanism which benefits its users rather than charging them. Anyone using the Gems application receives Gems tokens for inviting their friends, utilizing the network, and helping to build the ecosystem. Gems tokens serve as the in-app currency which, for example, are paid directly to the users by advertisers.
It is our belief that users bring value to a social network and they should be rewarded accordingly. We specifically designed Gems to give users full control over their data and the opportunity to profit from being a part of our success.
Gems also helps introduce cryptocurrency to the masses in a profitable, fun and easy way to understand. Our new introductory video is now live and gives an simple overview of how Gems works: 
Website: 
Coindesk article: 
@_date: 2014-10-24 13:01:04
please read the reply above.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:19:35
Gems are settled offline through the Gems internal hosted wallet. This is a hybrid semi centralized database system meant for smaller balances and to allow for speed, security and zero transaction fees. Gems are able to be withdrawn to any external counterparty wallet which is processed using a secure counterparty gateway server.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:21:53
Potential uses for Gems:
(1) Users pay the network in gems for sending unsolicited messages. Unsolicited messages are different from ads. Spam is a major issue with any communications platform (consider email and spam), causing users to hide their address in order to protect themselves. Having to pay with gems for unsolicited messages solves this problem at the core.
(2) Advertisers pay the network in gems for showing advertisements. Advertisements are different from standard unsolicited messages, and are considered the standard monetization method for social networks. Most of the revenue made by giants like Google and Facebook is made from targeted ads. See separate discussion of the proposed advertising models: 
(3) Another feature of an in-app wallet is the ability to purchase third party offers directly from within the app with the click of a button. This is a key advantage for advertisers.
(4) Gems are the standard and native way for sending money within the Gems network. Whether you owe a friend money for lunch or looking to buy a service from a third party you’re communicating with, paying using gems will be a very convenient method (especially for people who don’t have a strong crypto currency background). Every Gems username is synonymous with a gems wallet, making payments to contacts as easy as clicking a button in the app.
(5) Anonymous users must hold a minimum of gems in order to be fully trusted by the network. One of the problems with any social network is abuse and fraud. This problem is easier to solve if users are validated against some physical identity such as a phone number. Since privacy and anonymity are becoming increasingly important, trusting users through identification is becoming increasingly difficult. Some delicate actions within the network will be reserved for trusted users, for example participating in airdrops, appearing in the user directory, sending friend requests, etc. Owning gems (and not necessarily spending them) is a quick and easy way for anonymous users to become trusted and enjoy privileged actions.
(6) As the network grows and new features are added, some of those will require payment to sustain. Gems will always exist as a payment option for any value added features available in the app. Additionally, as new p2p reward models are created, new opt-in features will become available enabling sharing economy type activities, crowdfunding, and more. Since this is the first time the users will control the core value of the social network it is too early to predict what new novel ideas will come into existence
@_date: 2014-10-19 23:08:50
Gems introduces revolutionary features into the mobile messaging application market. Our key differentiators are:
1) Gems offers a built in wallet to enable transfer of value in addition to communications
2) Gems enables users to profit from using and promoting our application incentivizing viral growth
Every privately held social network (ie. Facebook, WhatsApp) profits from user contribution to the network (users introducing other users). The Gems model revolutionizes this industry by rewarding users directly for their relative network contribution. This effectively decentralizes network ownership in the social network space.
3) Gems enables fully secure, anonymous and encrypted communications for all actions available so at no point is the users data at risk or available to third party without the user’s consent.
4) Gems effectively solves the spam problem in communication networks and allows users to finally publish their username openly without fear of receiving uncontrolled amounts of unsolicited messages
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:11:29
GEMS is powered by Counterparty. Every GEMS user automatically gets his own wallet, protected by the passphrase chosen on registration. The social network username is an alias to the gems address, making sending &amp; receiving gems and bitcoins between users as easy as possible.
It important to note that BTC and GEMS serve different target audiences within the ecosystem. BTC is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send BTC to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). GEMS is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since GEMS are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own GEMS just from operating within the network.
@_date: 2014-12-01 10:19:16
haha yea, it was a joke ^^
Edward Snowden and Satoshi Nakamoto talking about the privacy in the Gems application :)
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:32:36
wallet functionality is in QA stage.
@_date: 2014-11-17 20:18:10
Gems are settled offline through the Gems internal hosted wallet. This is a hybrid semi centralized database system meant for smaller balances and to allow for speed, security and zero transaction fees. Gems are able to be withdrawn to any external counterparty wallet which is processed using a secure counterparty gateway server. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:20:45
AIRDROP: Daily airdrop of gems - Every day, ~27,400 gems are air dropped from the Exodus Address. The ecosystem automatically distributes these gems between users according to their relative network contribution. Contribution is measured by the number of active daily users which were introduced by you to the network so far.
The contribution score for a user is calculated according to two complementary factors: (1) The total number of new, active users that the user invited during the time period. This calculation is directly related to the active-user counts (total of active users per original inviter). (2) The total number of gems that the user currently holds in his account. This means that users with large amount of gems will be rewarded more generously than users without gems.
PRESALE PERKS: Since daily airdrop rewards users who introduce other users, who is rewarded for those who come without a special invitation? Uninvited users will be attributed to random Presale buyers (this is a MAJOR bonus in our opinion). In addition, air drop share is multiplied by total gems owned. The more gems you own, the more gems you make - an advantage to those who accumulate gems first.
@_date: 2015-01-27 22:53:45
During the beta development phases the source code will not be available to the public. The client side application will be open sourced once we have performed the necessary quality assurance and security analysis to ensure this process will not put our users at risk.
It is important to emphasize that all currency-related transactions are currently based on open source code (Counterparty).
@_date: 2015-01-27 22:48:25
The primary goal of GetGems is to make it easy for millions of people to adopt bitcoin. GetGems has all of Telegram functionality, with additional features. Every GEMS user automatically gets his own wallet, protected by the passphrase chosen on registration. The username is an alias to the wallet address, an innovation that allows users to easily send both bitcoin and gemz to their friends by sending a text message. 
GetGems Android App Showcase video: 
Available on Google play: 
The more bitcoin related apps the better, GL MrKeyTap! :)
@_date: 2015-01-27 23:01:04
who does not support iOS? GetGems?
GetGems is working on iOS Telegram client, the problem is that the iPhone source code Telegram put on their website hasn't been updated for a very long time (almost a year) thus it's taking longer than the Android version.
The official version can be found here: 
Taken from here: 
We reached out to Telegram to update the code, current problems are:
- The source only supports API layer 8 (out of 18). Telegram's API layer 8 was released more than a year ago, the current API layer is 18 and includes lots of important protocol updates.
- The source was not updated for iOS 7. iOS had a major UI change on ver 7 more than a year ago, but Telegram's iOS code is still designed like iOS 6 (unlike the official app in the app store).
- The source was not updated for 64 bit. The code doesn't compile on the latest iOS SDK for 64 bit. Apple will not allow any app to be uploaded without 64 bit support from Feb 1, 2015.
The iOS app on the App Store is updated but the source code to download is not.
You can see related post here: 
@_date: 2016-03-19 11:18:54
Hi futilerebel. What is your GetGems username or support ticket number?
@_date: 2015-08-04 22:57:17
Thank you for the feedback. I guess that if the title is incorrect than most of the info on coinbase website is incorrect also in your eyes.
@_date: 2015-08-04 22:33:37
Its not an argument. Coinbase currently has 2-3M users which choose their hybrid (off-chain/on-chain) wallet solution. Other users prefer decentralised wallets for exactly the reason you mentioned.  
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:02:03
I don't mean to hijack this thread - will answer shortly:
- When you enter the PIN to authorize a transaction the fee is displayed. 
- The passphrase can be used in  and  (standard wallet). [compatibility matrix for deterministic wallets: 
- Are you using the most updated GG version? We don't see any crashlytics report concerning ASW. We use ASW to encrypt communication between the server and the client. In the future we plan to remove the dependency on ASW.
- Mainstream users care about the "social" features.  
@_date: 2015-08-13 13:45:05
We are very much focused on making a simple and secure social bitcoin wallet:
- On both Android and iOS apps the bitcoin client is SPV, the wallet is connected directly to the bitcoin network, removing the need for trusted servers while maintaining much faster performance on mobile devices. Unlike other well known bitcoin wallets, GetGems SPV wallet insures trustless decentralization of bitcoin payments.
- SPV is implemented as a BIP0032 hierarchical deterministic (HD) wallet and thus generates a new address for every receive transaction while allowing you to re-create the entire wallet from a 12 word pass phrase any time in the future. The private keys are generated and kept encrypted on the device.
- Added bitcoin group payments and tipping + many more bitcoin related features.
- Android System Webview was integrated in the Android SDK prior Android lollipop version 5. Since October 15, 2014 google attached the webview to ASW app. In the last months we haven't seen any crashlytics reports due to ASW or user complaints. If you're experiencing a problem please email support and we will help solve it asap.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:57:13
Its harder than you think. The session is SSL encrypted from start to end, we are using oauth2 implementation and guidelines.
@_date: 2015-07-21 16:46:04
Julia is a new bot for Telegram using Coinbase for Bitcoin integration.
To meet Julia, your personal Bitcoin Teller, follow these simple steps: 
Search for  in Telegram on the desktop or mobile apps.
Julia will take you through the simple set-up process and in minutes you will be sending, requesting and receiving bitcoin that you control, directly from within Telegram.
Highlights of the Julia/Coinbase Bitcoin Wallet:
Wallet - request and send bitcoin instantly by email, or send directly to a bitcoin address.
Web and mobile - You can open your bitcoin wallet and fully manage it on both Telegram web and mobile clients, and access your bitcoin any time.
Additional features will be added as requested by users. We are looking forward to your feedback. 
More info here: 
@_date: 2015-07-25 13:30:57
With Telebit you can't buy/sell bitcoin or request/send bitcoin to an email address. Also (in my opinion) if you're going to trust your bitcoins with off-chain ledger, it makes more sense to rely on Coinbase security measures and reputation.
@_date: 2015-07-24 12:49:50
Coinbase uses off-chain transaction between coinbase users (zero transaction fees) but at anytime you're able to withdrawn your bitcoins to any external bitcoin address.
@_date: 2015-07-24 13:10:34
True - therefore there are alternative wallets using SPV.
You can try Telegram with Getgems for iOS  and Android  GetGems has all of Telegram functionality, with additional features. Every GetGems user automatically gets his own protected wallet. The username is an alias to the wallet address, an innovation that allows users to easily send bitcoin to their friends by sending a text message.
On both Android and iOS apps the bitcoin client is SPV (“simplified payment verification”), the wallet is connected directly to the bitcoin network, removing the need for trusted servers while maintaining much faster performance on mobile devices. Unlike other well known bitcoin wallets, GetGems SPV wallet insures trustless decentralization of bitcoin payments.
@_date: 2015-08-04 21:20:12
Transactions between Coinbase users is off-chain (zero transaction fees). Bitcoin are able to be withdrawn from Coinbase to any external address using Julia. 
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:36:42
You can buy/sell bitcoins directly from within the app by connection a coinbase account (using getgemsbot:  We will add more ways to get bitcoin in the near future.
GetGems uses SPV bitcoin client, it is implemented as a BIP0032 HD wallet. It uses a fixed fee-per-kb, rounded up to the nearest bit. Also when spending unconfirmed inputs, the fee is increased to cover the inputs for child-pays-for-parent.
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:12:00
UI bug, a fix has already been uploaded. 
@_date: 2015-07-27 09:05:32
- all currency-related transactions are currently based on open source code (Counterparty, bitcoinj, bitcore).
- The client side application will be open sourced once we have performed the necessary quality assurance and security analysis to ensure this process will not put our users at risk.
- Telegram hasn't updated their source code for almost a year: 
- We're in touch with Telegram and hoping to solve this.
@_date: 2015-07-21 21:51:55
You control the daily withdrawal limits and receive a notification from coinbase regarding every action. Julia uses the same oauth2 implementation ChangeTip, Purse and all the other coinbase related apps are using.
GetGems (the company behind Julia and the getgems bitcoin social wallets) is a registered israeli company. More about the team here:  
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:20:05
BTC and Gems serve different target audiences within the ecosystem. Btc is aimed towards users with crypto background, who probably already own BTC and are familiar with it. These users will enjoy a convenient method to send btc to their contacts (ie. without typing addresses). Gems is aimed towards the common user who doesn’t have a crypto currency background. Since gems are rewarded for network contribution, these users will own gems just from operating within the network.
There is a pain point for a new user to open a wallet, buy bitcoin and make the first transaction ("Magic moment"). Getgems makes it simple. Opening a wallet is a 10 second process, no long address (username is an alias to the wallet address). The user earns gems just by using the app and will be able to convert them to bitcoin without needing a credit card or bank account. Its an easy ramp to bitcoin for mainstreams user. 
Bitcoin rewards miners for protecting the network, gems is built on top of the bitcoin blockchain and therefore can reward user growth and social activity.
I think this is a great and relevant keynote speech given by Andreas Antonopoulos regarding the "The Future of Bitcoin" and the crypto-currency ecosystem: 
@_date: 2015-07-22 07:41:47
Yes, 100 million Gems is the total currency supply. The asset is locked and no further issuances is possible 
@_date: 2015-07-25 13:07:50
It was a one time change which was needed because counterparty (old passphrase) isn't using the default key words to generate their passphrase thus isn't compatible with other apps in the bitcoin ecosystem.
New GetGems passphrase now uses the "default" layout mentioned in the BIP32 spec.
- Bitcoin client is SPV on both iOS and Android.
- BIP32 passphrase.
- Transaction history and fee display have been added.
- Group payments is going to be released soon.
- There is constant development and improvement (open beta stage), using old version and complaining doesn't make much sense.
@_date: 2015-07-22 07:37:30
which web browser are you using?
@_date: 2015-07-25 14:33:26
- GetGems uses Simplified Payment Verification protocol (SPV), it is implemented as a BIP0032 hierarchical deterministic (HD) wallet and thus generates a new address for every receive transaction while allowing you to re-create the entire wallet from a 12 word pass phrase any time in the future. The private keys are generated and kept encrypted on the device.
- Recovery phrase is located in the setting tab. [import private key feature is on the to-do-list]
- Multibit HD (standard wallet), breadwallet and hive use BIP32 (compatibility matrix for deterministic wallets here: 
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:20:15
Yes, exactly.
To send and receive bitcoin you only need to type an Email or Bitcoin Address, and the amount in bitcoin.
Buying and selling bitcoins using Coinbase API can definitely be added to Julia capabilities. 
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:46:01
I understand and you can use GetGems as a dedicated bitcoin wallet built inside a messenger. It has all the "regular" bitcoin wallet capabilities and takes advantage of the social aspects like group payment, tipping, alias wallet address etc (more features are being developed like bitcoin group funding).
Conversations about money are already happening on instant messengers as people chat about bar tabs, splitting dinner bills, and sharing the cost of an Uber. It makes sense to make the payment in the same place the conversation started.
@_date: 2015-07-27 09:58:42
We updated the referral mechanism, it works. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 13:23:24
1. A lot have changed and improved since the original mvp version.
2. You are not forced to buy only from coinbase, this feature is aimed for ~2M coinbase users, we plan to add more ways to simply buy bitcoin from within the app.
3. Any user will be able to opt-out. You can read more about the "attention economy" and potential models for using unsolicited messages here: 
4. The app is in public beta with constant development updates: 
@_date: 2015-07-24 12:50:08
@_date: 2015-07-21 22:53:24
You can try Telegram with Getgems for iOS  and Android  GetGems has all of Telegram functionality, with additional features. Every GetGems user automatically gets his own protected wallet. The username is an alias to the wallet address, an innovation that allows users to easily send both bitcoin and gems to their friends by sending a text message. 
On both Android and iOS apps the bitcoin client is SPV (“simplified payment verification”), the wallet is connected directly to the bitcoin network, removing the need for trusted servers while maintaining much faster performance on mobile devices. Unlike other well known bitcoin wallets, GetGems SPV wallet insures trustless decentralization of bitcoin payments.
@_date: 2015-04-30 09:19:01
We pushed a fix to production that fixed the bug with iPhone 4 and 4S but it takes time for apple to review and approve. 
@_date: 2015-04-30 00:45:01
We are working on some very innovative new features, which will help differentiate GetGems from the rest.
The success of GetGems will be dependent on the early adopters who understand the need to bring bitcoin to the masses, combining bitcoin with social instant messaging aims to make the gateway as simple and initiative as possible. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 23:43:17
GetGems bitcoin client is SPV (“simplified payment verification”), the wallet is connected directly to the bitcoin network, removing the need for trusted servers while maintaining much faster performance on mobile devices. Unlike other well known iOS bitcoin wallets (coinbase, circle) and telebit, GetGems SPV wallet insures trustless decentralization of bitcoin payments.
@_date: 2015-04-30 00:48:39
In iOS app go to contacts tab --&gt; Invite Friends -&gt; chose who you want to invite --&gt; you will than see your unique URL in the invitation (looks like this with a different number in the end: "Hey, let's switch to GetGems 
@_date: 2015-09-02 08:36:04
send $1!
@_date: 2015-10-24 15:25:38
- Citi recently invested in Chain.com
- Citi hasn't invested in GG.
- GG is currently working closely with the Citi consumer lab to design and validate its solution: 
- GG solution will work with cryptocurrency (BTC + Gems) and fiat money.
@_date: 2015-10-24 15:04:27
- Citi recently invested in Chain.com
- Citi hasn't invested in GG. 
- GG is currently working closely with the Citi consumer lab to design and validate its solution: 
- GG solution will work with cryptocurrency (BTC + Gemz) and fiat money.
@_date: 2015-02-28 11:39:50
Thank you for the feedback. GetGems is a Telegram client using Telegram servers (their architecture does not support federation yet). App description and Terms &amp; Conditions will be update soon.
We are working to add very cool functionality and simple and fun UX in order to make the best bitcoin wallet.