@_author: getmeright
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:13:36
Hey people are scaring me saying that they have been scammed before by Wirex and they are reluctant to return their funds..,..will my money get returned to me?
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:48:05
Thanks. Ill try to remain calm. Its a stressful situation.
@_date: 2017-03-09 10:37:37
Hey im having a issue with Wirex. I purchased a GBP card because the USD card reached its limit. I made the deposit transaction and it says i have a GBP balence. WHen I make a transaction online it says declined due to insufficient funds. I made another transaction on AMAZON and it went thru deducting the smaller items, but when it came to the 800 dollar item it declined saying not funds available. With the exchange rats ect, I know its more than enough funds. Also my USD card isnt working either. Which also has a lot of money on it. Please help. I know BTC went don yesterday, but I would still like my money..... Please help me.
@_date: 2017-03-12 15:38:55
Card declines when I try to use full balance. Please act quickly while btc is back up
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:25:15
Hey I just wanted to legit say thanks to wirex. They took some time, but they were able to fix the issues with my cards. I honestly always had confidence that they would do the right thing. So yeah...this was my experience. Outty!
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:25:02
Hey I just wanted to legit say thanks to wirex. They took some time, but they were able to fix the issues with my cards. I honestly always had confidence that they would do the right thing. So yeah...this was my experience. Outty!
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:26:28
STILL NOT WORKING!!! Say transactions declined due to insufficient funds!!! PLEASE HELP!
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:58:26
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-11 12:22:21
Im getting discouraged...it says ive been a redditor for 7 days....I only joined reddit so I could contact Wirex after trying multiple times to contact via email about this issue. Did I get scammed? This isnt right. Im just realizing that I think I got scammed. Please clear things up.
@_date: 2017-03-09 17:19:33
We thought wirex had a presence on here...
@_date: 2017-03-11 12:12:14
Hey. My issue is still not resolved. I still cant access my money loaded onto the cards. The transactions decline saying insufficient funds. Please help. Its going on 1 week my funds have been lost here....
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:14:08
Hey people are scaring me saying that they have been scammed before by Wirex and they are reluctant to return their funds..,..will my money get returned to me?
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:59:10
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-11 12:13:18
Could you please let them know that the cards do not work. Its saying decline due to insufficient funds on each transaction. Please help.
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:46:37
Trying to cam down. Its so many crooks in the bitcoin world..I just want the right thing to happen here.
@_date: 2017-03-09 10:26:48
Please help me too : Hey im having a issue with Wirex. I purchased a GBP card because the USD card reached its limit. I made the transaction and it says i have a GBP balence. WHen I make a transaction online it says declined due to insufficient funds. I made another tranaction on AMAZON and it went thru deducting the smaller items, bt when it came to the 800 dollar itm it declined saying not funds avilable. With the exchange rats ect, I know its more than enough funds. Also my USD card isnt working either. Which also has a lot of money on it. Please help. I knoww BTC went don yesterday, ut I would still like my money.....
I dont know how to post it in my own thread. Thanks for the support. I really really really depend on this app...
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:10:12
I hope they will help me. The support guy here at-least did get my request responded to. I will be updating everwhere I posted about this about wha happens. So far I havent gotten any money back and I try to run the card hourly.
@_date: 2017-03-12 15:03:10
card does not have true value. It says 420 i charge 42o get decline for insufficient funds. Charge 250 went thru...
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:58:09
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:52:26
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money  back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they  are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:57:23
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-09 10:15:16
Hey im having a issue with Wirex. I purchased a GBP card because the USD card reached its limit. I made the transaction and it says i have a GBP balence. WHen I make a transaction online it says declined due to insufficient funds. I made another tranaction on AMAZON and it went thru deducting the smaller items, bt when it came to the 800 dollar itm it declined saying not funds avilable. With the exchange rats ect, I know its more than enough funds. Also my USD card isnt working either. Which also has a lot of money on it. Please help. I knoww BTC went don yesterday, ut I would still like my money.....
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:57:06
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:43:04
Thanks. I excited because its a lot of money involved, and I depend on this app as im sure others do too. Your help has allowed me to calm down a little, thanks for that! Ill update you when I hear something from wirex about the funds! 
@_date: 2017-03-10 01:27:40
Your request (67405) has been received by our support team. Your ticket will be assigned and replied soon. Your request (67937) has been received by our support team. Your ticket will be assigned and replied soon. 
Thanks a lot. This, for me, really tests the legitimacy of this app. This money tied up is a inconvenience but as long as I get it back im all good. A lot of potential...tremendous potential. Please fix this issue for me. I know I made a trade to fiat right before btc plummet....I know that probably fuced everything up on your end with execution times ect...I was lucky to pull out in time. Look today though...btc is back in the 12's...please give me my money back.
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:57:44
Honestly, this is why I posted so much. I want this to look very bad when if Wirex decides not to do the right thing. My funds are STILL held up. Im not getting any sort of human response from WIREX. I really need my funds. Ive been trying to get my money back for almost 2 weeks now. Its a obvious issue with the cards. I made a transactin right before bitcoin happen to plummet. Maybe 5 minuites beffore. Everything all confirmed. I go to make transactions and it gives me a decline due to insufficient funds. Ive been trying to syphon whatever I can off for the last 2 weeks and nothing. Im really getting worried. This is stupid on WIREX part to screw us...there is so much money in what they do. Im on my 4th card because each one maxes out at 2,500. I need to put more on there. FIrst they trap my ffunds on one account because I cant transfer btc out and cash limit reached on virtual USD card. So I say fuck and purchase a GBP card. Needed to cash out more and got yet another wirex opened with a associate. Transfer cash out to fiat in USD card. Go to make transaction and decllines.....I sent in many support request. Please help me. Ill even post everywhere saying atleast you helped me and I got my money back. At this point it looks like it MIGHT happen....that is iff I keep posting everywhere and making it bad for WIREX. Why you making me beg you for my money? Can you please return my right balence to each card. Iff there is a reason that the cards still show they are good on your end with my balences, please cancel those cards and transfer balences to new cards because im tellig you they are decclining for the amounts the accounts verify should be loaded to each the GBP card and the USD card. PLEASE HELP!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-11 12:21:20
Im getting discouraged...it says ive been a redditor for 7 days....I only joined reddit so I could contact Wirex after trying multiple times to contact via email about this issue. Did I get scammed? This isnt right. Im just realizing that I think I got scammed. Please clear things up.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:25:24
Hey I just wanted to legit say thanks to wirex. They took some time, but they were able to fix the issues with my cards. I honestly always had confidence that they would do the right thing. So yeah...this was my experience. Outty!
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:45:08
Ok. Thanks or being so responsive. This situation sucks. Im still here waiting for it to be fixed.
@_date: 2017-03-12 15:37:08
great btc is back up!!! Please fix my card omg
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:44:59
I'm thanakful you are here. This shows us Wirex isn't hiding, and are available to help with our problems. This is a huge statement to me as well as others who are watching. I believe we all want this to work out....
@_date: 2017-03-11 12:16:11
Please dont waste time on the troll. Please help me free up my 2,000$ on these cards. PLEASE.
@_date: 2017-03-09 11:36:30
Yes. Hey im having a issue with Wirex. I purchased a GBP card because the USD card reached its limit. I made the transaction and it says i have a GBP balence. WHen I make a transaction online it says declined due to insufficient funds. I made another tranaction on AMAZON and it went thru deducting the smaller items, bt when it came to the 800 dollar itm it declined saying not funds avilable. With the exchange rats ect, I know its more than enough funds. Also my USD card isnt working either. Which also has a lot of money on it. Please help. I knoww BTC went don yesterday, ut I would still like my money.....
@_date: 2017-04-27 05:08:52
It shows the future. More and more companies are being acquired that are in the crypto-currency realm. Just the other day the SEC is looking at a revision of a bitcoin company who wants to trade on the NYSE. Now if that goes thru OMG!
@_date: 2017-04-25 17:47:52
I submitted the information to request  and BTW I guarantee you that over 51% of your customers are from the USA and are using USD. Mostly Americans hold significant positions in btc..then you have a virtual card in USD..USD is American money only officially spent in America, nowhere else. Please, just get my funds back quickly so I can leave.
@_date: 2017-04-17 12:36:36
I have just realized its a lot smarter to remember the previous login for reddit than to use the one I created 4 days ago called helpme111 or something like that. I posted numerous times under that username trying to get in contact with wirex support over the last week and it seems as if they ddeleted all of my comments. Why are you trying to scam me wirex? You are consistently lying to not only me, bt the public. You need to be exposed for your actions honestly. My problem still stems from this problem above an this is BS.  While looking at the original post you can see I had issues with this card right. Well finally, around maybe 2 weeks ago Im so ddamn confused I dont even know what happening. I know I have a balance of 1141 dollars on my card. I have multiple screenshots of the balance. I am trying to buy something on Amazon, yet again, that is worth 1140 dollars approximately. The card is declining. Not only that, I tried to take 200 dollars off of the order, and run it for 1021 dollars and the card still declined. The balances when we exchange from btc into fiat are all fake. I tried to contact customer support multiple times and they have not even responded. I believe they saw in the back end I was the same person and then saw that I made a neww account on reddit then decided to screw me because they thought I forgot the login to this account that has the most popularity on this issue. Im not a idiot. There was a refund to my card for around 647 dollars steming from the issues above. I then reloaded the card, after seeing the balence for the refund to purchase a fairly large item. Once loading the card I made a order. The order declined. We tried it 9 more times over 7 days. I spoke with a lot of people at amazon. THey told me its a issue with the card. Everyday I take a screenshot of the balence and the indicators that are showing that I am trying the transaction, but it is failing. The thing that makes me upset is that wirex is ignoring me. Like obviously im not going to go away, especially while you have my money. I feel you owe me more than my money now because you cause a lot of stress and you are trying to obviously lay games with my money. I sent like 100 messages to your support. New tickets, everything. Stop plying with my money. I want my full balance available today. The whole amounts you owe me. Yes you owe me that money because its mines and you are lying and not providing me the service that, now as I really see, you charge wy too much for anyways. After you give me my money back im never using your services again. I dont care if you get 100 new apps. I was a idiot for sending btc here.
@_date: 2017-04-17 12:39:46
This is the account I am referring to that I made. See wirex you cant run from everyone. GIVE ME MY FUNDS.
@_date: 2017-04-21 12:12:37
Wirex is a scam. They have been trying to hold my money for a month now. Telling me that after I loaded the card with funds, now I have to verify the card. This is however a lie because I followed the stipulations of a unverified usd card. Instead, wirex claims that there is a 1,000 USD card load limit for the life of the card here on reddit. On their website, it shows that there is a 2500 dollar limit to load onto the usd card. When inquiring why my 1141 dollars transaction does not go thru on Amazon.com wirex replyed :
"I understand your point. However, you are getting the situation all wrong, getmeright. Verification is not something you "decided to do" or not. This is part of the terms and conditions of the service and actually, is established by the card issuing bank. It's as simple as this: If you surpass the lifetime limit for card expense of $1000 for unverified users, you have to verify your account in order to continue using the services. You can check this here: 
So the only think you can do about it is to comply with the request and follow the verification process here described: 
If you have more questions, please contact the support team again. "
MY REPLY:
How at all does this make sense? On your wirex website it says that ALL UNVERIFIED USD cards have a 2500 dollar limit. With no limit on online transactions per day and no limit on amount of money spent per day Value of purchases / Per day No limit No limit No limit
its located at this link. Why are you lying to me? Why are you trying to steal my money and say I need to verify my card. This isnt true at all. Your system actually stop me from loading more usd onto card when the limit is reached. What you are telling me and the website information is very different. I need my money off this card rigght now. Stop trying to steal my money. Everyone. Look at this public response. I have 1141 dollars on a USD card that is not at the 2500 dollar limit for unverified card users. I am trying to use the funds at amazon.com . Wirex is claiming that the usd card has a limit load of 1,000 dollars. THis is a lie because on their website it says unverified card load limits are 2500 dollars. Does it look like they just publically admitted to scamming me? I want my money wirex. Im not verifying anything, because I dont have to.
Im getting together all my transaction screenshots and proof to expose the hell out of this fraud.
@_date: 2017-04-18 02:47:40
So I realize reddit dosen't mean anything when it comes to getting your money back. Im just having to accept that I have been screwed. I can't make them  give me my money back and its honestly sad that I have to complain here and waste my time. We are so dumb people will read this and be like oh well it wont be me in the back of their heads and trust this service like I did. Wow...hope it gets worked out...
@_date: 2017-04-28 17:39:24


@_date: 2017-04-25 16:57:06
Me too. Im wondering if it will be similar to litecoin. 
@_date: 2017-04-23 12:04:00
PROOF:       
Here is the proof of all of the transactions into this card, which is less than the USD limit of 2500 which is explained on wirex official website here :  . I have done a lot of work here to fully explain myself and this situation. Wirex. Where is my money? Im waiting for your response. Im not playing games. Why is the card declining for amazon payments? Why is your customer support ignoring me and my multiple support requests. Im at the plate, pitch the ball buddy I went thru a lot to explain myself here with no help from wirex and nothing but lies. Here is the visual proof. You can see my current balence and how much I loaded onto the card, which comes to under the 2500 dollar load limit on the wirex website for unverified USD cards.
@_date: 2017-04-25 01:08:57
How is it silly to call you a scam when I purchase the card thinking 1 thing, because of the information you provide, then when I go to use my money I loaded you say I cant use the funds because " you had wrong information on your website" in reguards to the load limit for the cards and its not 2500 anymore its only 1,000. How was I able to load more $ without verifying? When did the limits lower? How is this my fault where now I have to verify something that I cant verify at all? What happens to my money? Its lost right? Or wait it takes 4 months for you to get me a refund right? That is a scam. When you buy something believing it orks 1 way, due to the description of the item, and the company changes shit later. You are a scam. Give me my money back.
@_date: 2017-04-23 10:27:40
Wirex support does not care about anything. You should not get anymore venture capital at all. You are a ponzi scheme. I want my 1141 dollars. Wirex is a scam. They have been trying to hold my money for a month now. Telling me that after I loaded the card with funds, now I have to verify the card. This is however a lie because I followed the stipulations of a unverified usd card. Instead, wirex claims that there is a 1,000 USD card load limit for the life of the card here on reddit. On their website, it shows that there is a 2500 dollar limit to load onto the usd card. When inquiring why my 1141 dollars transaction does not go thru on Amazon.com wirex replyed :
"I understand your point. However, you are getting the situation all wrong, getmeright. Verification is not something you "decided to do" or not. This is part of the terms and conditions of the service and actually, is established by the card issuing bank. It's as simple as this: If you surpass the lifetime limit for card expense of $1000 for unverified users, you have to verify your account in order to continue using the services. You can check this here:  So the only think you can do about it is to comply with the request and follow the verification process here described:  If you have more questions, please contact the support team again. "
MY REPLY:
How at all does this make sense? On your wirex website it says that ALL UNVERIFIED USD cards have a 2500 dollar limit. With no limit on online transactions per day and no limit on amount of money spent per day Value of purchases / Per day No limit No limit No limit  its located at this link. Why are you lying to me? Why are you trying to steal my money and say I need to verify my card. This isnt true at all. Your system actually stop me from loading more usd onto card when the limit is reached. What you are telling me and the website information is very different. I need my money off this card rigght now. Stop trying to steal my money. Everyone. Look at this public response. I have 1141 dollars on a USD card that is not at the 2500 dollar limit for unverified card users. I am trying to use the funds at amazon.com . Wirex is claiming that the usd card has a limit load of 1,000 dollars. THis is a lie because on their website it says unverified card load limits are 2500 dollars. Does it look like they just publically admitted to scamming me? I want my money wirex. Im not verifying anything, because I dont have to.
Im getting together all my transaction screenshots and proof to expose the hell out of this fraud.
permalinksavecontextfull comments (25)editdisable inbox repliesdelete
Wirex bitcoin card has raised £2.5 million with the Japanese SBI by WirexApp in Wirex
[–]getmeright 1 point 1 day ago 
How at all does this make sense? On your wirex website it says that ALL UNVERIFIED USD cards have a 2500 dollar limit. With no limit on online transactions per day and no limit on amount of money spent per day Value of purchases / Per day No limit No limit No limit
its located at this link. Why are you lying to me? Why are you trying to steal my money and say I need to verify my card. This isnt true at all. Your system actually stop me from loading more usd onto card when the limit is reached. What you are telling me and the website information is very different. I need my money off this card rigght now. Stop trying to steal my money. Everyone. Look at this public response. I have 1141 dollars on a USD card that is not at the 2500 dollar limit for unverifiedd card users. I am trying to use the funds at amazon.com . Wirex is claiming that the usd card has a limit load of 1,000 dollars. THis is a lie because on their website it says unverified card load limits are 2500 dollars. Does it look like they just publically admitted to scamming me? I want my money wirex. Im not verifying anything, because I dont have to.
@_date: 2017-05-03 23:52:31
I still dont have the refund
@_date: 2017-05-03 23:58:32
I still have not receive my refund...