@_author: getyourmoney
@_date: 2019-10-17 10:45:54
why not? if a new project can provide the better conditions for trading, exchange FIAT and so on. Why should I use "old school" if the time goes on and rules changes all the times.
Old-established platforms are good, because they are checked and reliable, but not always...
New projects use a new improved solutions while old school operate with well-established instruments and lose out sometimes.
This accident with Binance when someone hacked them and stole 40 million dollars - thousand people use their service, - binance should care about people's assets and do everything possible to secure them and their clients. People trust them, how Binance allow to crack their system?? nothing strange? really? thousand professionals work there and can't do anything. Maybe they forgot to improve their security, counting money or it was all rigged from the very beginning? who knows. but how the company who has money, influence and opportunity - has allowed to hack them ??
For example, we take a new project - Velvet exchange - all assets are stored on the cold wallets. moreover servers network use monitoring dozens of technical indicators, multiple layers of protection for clusters env, multi-stage backups policy — all of these helps to be sure for clients’ data &amp; assets safety. Also they provide a multi-sign encryption technology control for financial and security management. And what is more, they have a customisable API for user requests. I trust Velvet. They really do all possible to secure their customers. 
For example, why I need to pay a big commission just because exchange platform has an illustrious name or fame. To Velvet you pay 0% for deposit and the lowest fees for transactions and orders. It suits me. why not, if it is better? and that is not it what they can offer to you.
Everyone is so afraid of being cheated, so they are ignoring new conditions, new rules, new opportunities, really good stuff - which are given for you. Meanwhile they are being heated from the completely different side
Yes, you right it’s easier to go with the flow and be a herd. And one day you can lose everything because you were a part of the mass confusion. So there are thousand examples I can tell you..but no reason to waste your time, because you one from the mass. Lets not budge while the world is developing where people are using the modern improvement instruments. Fortunately I prefer development instead of  old school. It is useful sometimes to remember where are you from, but if you would like to know where you will be - say goodbye to your past. So thats the reason why I am veering off the path.
@_date: 2019-10-16 13:39:37
Did someone have an experience with Velvet platform? This is the a legal crypto exchange platform who has licences to operate financial assets and fiat money. They also provide a package of necessary documents to implement all the processes officially. So who knows tax is included or is it tax-free?