@_author: gfdgregerert
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:19:01
you have to go through mtgox and whatever they use to fund an account, THEN you get to the 'retailer' who is actually a middleman buying from the actual retailer (using USD lol). you probably had to use your bank as some point as well.
the premium comes from trading fees, funding fees, and whatever cream off the top people like Gyft take (trust me, they take more than their fair share).
you're an idiot to buy stuff using bitcoin. its fun, but it is incredibly uneconomical. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 10:53:52
nah. I'm not foolish enough to chase a digital yield LOL
@_date: 2013-06-14 15:08:46
"Except, from what you're saying, there was no reason for the BTC price to ever rise."
I don't know where you got that from...BTC still does have a limited supply, and there was a major spike of demand coupled with a few days of market pumping, so yeah of course the price shot up, but penny stocks do this every single day. Its not new, and honestly after a while its more sad than exciting. 
As far as legitimate use goes... look man, a few bars accept bitcoins, and there are a few people running the 'disney dollar' model where they will exchange your BTC to USD then to your goods for you, but you pay a premium (in USD) for that, and that's about it. You can't use bitcoins for anything useful, just a handful of 'fun' things. there isn't a single major retailer who has even seriously considered adding BTC to their model, mostly because its a major money loser. The only money to be made for a retailer in BTC is in the novelty of it, otherwise they compress the margins too much to be useful. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:49:43
the difference being you have a choice. credit companies are upfront about what they are: they are not cash, they are credit. Retailers who chose to accept cash (which truly has zero fees associated with it, outside of income taxes) do not necessarily have to accept credit. With BTC, you have no choice. Whenever you make a purchase, someone, somewhere else is benefiting from the sole act of the transaction, and that artificially drives up the cost of goods, making losers out of both the retailer and the shopper, and winners out of the exchanges (and only the exchanges)
@_date: 2013-06-14 08:34:23
I don't believe in bitcoin. I never will.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:12:14
"I don't see a distinction between using BTC directly on Amazon (and all they'd have to do is install a payment provider to enable that), and buying Amazon gift cards with BTC and applying those to an Amazon account."
Wow. You do realize when you have to involve several middlemen to exchange your money from BTC to USD to AMZN you're paying a major premium? That is the opposite of being smart with your money. 
I'm proud of you for making money on a speculative bubble, that's really great, because they don't happen like they used to, but I wish you would keep the money. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:08:12
"Only if you buy BTC just before your purchase (which I'm sure people wouldn't do). Instead I just hold a couple of BTC, so that I can make purchases."
...That's even riskier though. Consider how much less buying power your BTC has today then just three weeks ago. The only way a retailer can guarantee profits is to immediately trade any BTC received for their home currency because of that risk (because lets face it, they need their home currency to pay all the bills associated with their business)...See you may see BTC as being easier for you, but it opens up a huge can of risk for retailers who otherwise would have never had to deal with it. 
"What else do you buy online?"
I pay bills, I can buy food (not just take out, actual groceries), and I can also use my cash in any and all stores in america. Hell, I'd have an easier time exchanging ammunition for a weeks worth of food then BTC for food. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 09:41:08
just look through my comment history
@_date: 2013-06-14 15:41:40
so, your 'overseas purchases' is actually just some luxury soaps from a small start up. yep. that falls under 'fun stuff and bars'
also, I don't really care about the risk associated with currency exchange rates, because I am rarely (if ever) exposed to that risk when making a purchase. Every time you want to buy something using BTC you have to expose yourself the risk of the exchanges and fluctuating currency rates, even if you're not buying out of country! That's just a dumb thing to do because the rare benefits you get out of it will always get outweighed by exchange fees over time.
its not negativity, its discussion. I appear dismissive but I'm willing to read what you write and talk about the points I feel you're missing. thats all I'm offering.
@_date: 2013-06-14 13:56:34
But you can't buy amazon cards with BTC, you don't seem to understand that. You can pay bitcoins for a third party who is not amazon to convert your bitcoins to amazon cards, but you cannot spend BTC on amazon. amazon has absolutely nothing to do with the BTC market.
I don't trust the exchanges because I'm not an idiot with my money. They're not safe no matter what you tell yourself.
@_date: 2013-06-14 10:56:48
I'm not your friend. You're deluded. Enjoy your BTC (and if you happen to find another way to enjoy BTC other than just holding them and feeling smug, be sure to let me know). 
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:59:31
so? even if its fixed, there is still a -constant- stream entering the market, and for the stream to be sustainable, there has to be an equal amount of new USD (which usually can't be mined as easily) constantly entering the market. I'm saying the USD inflow won't keep up forever.
@_date: 2013-06-14 08:02:13
well with the price of BTC depreciating wouldn't it make sense for share prices to go 'up'?
@_date: 2013-06-14 13:50:04
excellent post
people really need to consider this when investing in a BTC miner. More miners, more competition, more BTC flooding the market in 'whale' amounts (because lets face it, outside of paying dividends, why would a miner hold BTC for the long term when they're creating them constantly?)...I just can't see it being sustainable for much longer.
@_date: 2013-06-14 13:43:57
not really a troll, its just my style. bitcoin is going to zero, and if there was a reliable place to bet on that, I would. However, I wouldn't trust any amount of money or information with the current exchanges. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:44:37
I personally know people who have financed vacations using only MTG cards. As in, they only took cases of MTG cards (no cash, just an emergency line of credit), planned out a route that had a high concentration of MTG shops, and traded/sold with each and everyone one along they way until they ran out/made it home. The two of them were able to travel over 3000 miles and returned with over 1K in profit and new cards for their stock. 
This man owned one of the best trading card shops in his area, but still, I would LOVE to see you do this with BTC.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:34:43
"However, I wouldn't trust any amount of money or information with the current exchanges."
I mean it. The exchanges are even weaker than BTC.
and I won't have to keep you updated. you can just watch the charts work themselves out for the next few years.
@_date: 2013-06-14 18:16:54
localbitcoins returned zero results. illiquid market. 
credit card companies make no claim to be offering cash, they offer credit, which is very different from a currency. 
BTC is a terrible choice for preserving capital past this point. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:15:27
no shit dude, people are idiots with their money and there has always been someone there to catch the money. I think its fucking hysterical though that you're using wow gold and eve isk as your examples for why BTC is gonna work. people pay money for wow gold and eve isk because they are addicted (to an extent) to either game, and both of those digital currencies give them experiences in their game they wouldn't be able to get without it. BTC offers NONE of that, outside the novelty of holding it. Also, you seem to be ignoring the fact that if USD started to tank, BTC is probably going to tank as well, seeing as most of the buying is coming from america, and americans aren't going to be buying bullshit digital currencies that can't pay the bills or put food on the table (outside of foodler) if their economy is burning.
@_date: 2013-06-14 08:21:19
no thank you. only retards gamble on btc.
@_date: 2013-06-14 13:59:13
"If a purely in-game currency can be traded for "real" dollars for the past few years and retain value, then I don't understand how BTC can fail, "
oh god...that one just sunk in. LOL
EDIT: I laugh but you know...you're pretty spot on in your comparison of BTC and ISK...oh man that is too funny.
@_date: 2013-06-14 09:37:42
your shitty ass future can't even buy me a gallon of milk without having to go through SEVERAL middlemen, many of whom are simply exchanging BTC to USD for me. how is that anything other than cumbersome? 
also, money hasn't been a 'metal coin' for several decades now. almost all money is electronic. you are way too late to the party if you think electronic money is the future. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 08:42:45
because its interesting to watch people make and lose a lot of money
@_date: 2013-06-14 11:01:56
actually, the main difference being USD can buy me a house anywhere in america and BTC can't buy me anything, anywhere. Every retailer that 'accepts' BTC actually just exchanges BTC for USD. Your 'currency', is completely useless. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 15:22:56
"I've been using them to buy things abroad"
do you mind if I ask what and from where?
"ridiculous fees"
have you taken into account trading fees and slippage (really important considering BTC has been steadily losing value for three straight weeks now) when comparing BTC to paypal? I don't use either, but if I had to choose I would go with paypal, because I can be sure that my principal won't rapidly erode if I decide to wait 12 hours to buy something.
and I'm going to touch on this
"Just because YOU can't use bitcoins for anything..."
actually yes I can. but, for every single thing I could use BTC to purchase (drugs included), it would be ultimately easier and 'cheaper' to use USD
@_date: 2013-06-14 09:21:32
"It's conversion in USD is irrelevant."
I'm glad to say I don't agree with you there
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:39:23
Never heard of this company. Are you sure they are going to be around in 4 years? cause their selection looks pretty trendy. and as far as I can tell they already accept USD....so this is what BTC users consider a benefit? Wow, for USD this is the bare minimum. 
Also, when you consider trading fees and the potential for rapid depreciation in principal, accepting BTC as a payment can actually be very expensive...probably why there isn't a single major retailer who has even considered using BTC (the paypal thing was a joke guys, obviously flew over some people's heads though).\
EDIT:dude...this company is a joke. of course they're into BTC, they're a middleman for middlemen! they don't even own warehouses or any of the products they're 'distributing', they just have a nice contact list. 
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:29:24
Ok look, you keep pointing out all these 'places that take bitcoins', but you misunderstand my main argument of:
nobody accepts bitcoins!
there are plenty of people out there willing to *exchange* your BTC into a workable currency, and make the purchase for you using their money. But that's it. It always requires an exchange, and there will always be a 'skim' because of this! For a currency that is supposed to be lighter, faster, fairer, whatever, this to me is a MAJOR monkey wrench, and all it does is cost you and everyone else small amounts of money thousands of times a day, and make the exchanges rich over the long term.
BTC is a [pump and dump](
**Specific examples**
Jonathan Lebed
During the dot-com era, when stock-market fever was at its height and many people spent significant amounts of time on stock Internet message boards, a 15-year-old named Jonathan Lebed showed how easy it was to use the Internet to run a successful pump and dump. Lebed bought penny stocks and then promoted them on message boards, pointing at the price increase. When other investors bought the stock, Lebed sold his for a profit, leaving the other investors holding the bag. He came to the attention of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which filed a civil suit against him alleging security manipulation. Lebed settled the charges by paying a fraction of his total gains. He neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing, but promised not to manipulate securities in the future.
most people on the internet will not be honest with you. reddit especially included. 