@_author: gfhw6345
@_date: 2012-09-30 14:04:30
while the foundation was probably inevitable.. I honestly don't think it's a good idea.. maybe if it were called something else less official sounding that would have been better.. "the bitcoin media advocacy group" or something would probably have been less problematic.
@_date: 2012-09-30 15:18:57
Short selling involves borrowing bitcoins from someone and selling them. You now owe your lender some bitcoins that you don't have so you are 'short'. Is that what you're doing? If not, then you are not short selling. 
The real problems with short selling in the economy are that large banks and broker dealers will just randomly steal and sell off client assets, assuming they won't withdraw them, or that they can get them back again in time if they do want to withdraw them, or if they can't they can probably just stall them for a few days until they can get them from somewhere.. this distorts prices by making it appear that there is more supply than there is.. people think the assets are still in their account (because it says so) but actually they've been sold.
Also they have a level of access to the exchanges where they can send a sell order message to the market even when they don't even have any of their own assets or even client assets to sell.. instead what they'll do is naked short selling where they just post a ton of fake sells to people and then buy them back before they have to settle the trade. This is similar to what happened to mtgox when the hacker created a bunch of fake database bitcoins and sold them. With most bitcoin exchanges (except the OTC ones) the exchange is also the custodian (ie - they hold your bitcoins and dollars) and control how much you can sell or buy depending on your BTC ro dollar balance. In the 'real markets', the exchange and the custodians are usually seperate and the settlement of the trades happens 'out of band'.. the exchanges literally just deal with trade messages which can absolutely be fraudulent (the exchange has no way of knowing if you really have any of X that you're trying to sell and if you're a large bank they'll just assum that you do).
This can serously distort the markets.. even worse the broker dealers have clients with open trades and they can see how much they need to move the price in order to hit a client's stop loss at which point the client will automatically sell at a loss.. so they post a bunch of these fake trades to move the price to the point where their client automatically sells at a loss and then buy the securities back again.. it's fraud but it happens all the time.
One final thing, the buyer of these fake sell trades may also be a client of one of the big broker dealers - in which case they can sell fake securities and never have to worry about settling them because they effectively get them back from the buyer., or to put another way.. some percentage of the fake sell orders they post will always be bought by their clients, so some percentage of sales they never have to worry about settling.
@_date: 2012-09-29 23:15:09
the silk road offers a ready market for certain plants that can be grown at home.. quite profitably even on a small scale :)