@_author: ggoner
@_date: 2014-06-25 23:15:34
OK, I'm calm. I felt they were fair questions. I didn't mean anything personally and I appologize if I upset you. I'm just trying to sort out the security holes. 
How could they disable 2FA without a secure confirmation? Perhaps there is too much laxness in account settings protection. If you are trying to change the security settings it should require both the phone and email. Otherwise it's hacker heaven. Perhaps you're right and google voice opens you up to security breaches that shouldn't exist. I am not familiar with it. The phone and email accounts MUST be separate unrelated entities for security purposes. It's like the two forms of identification at a bank. If you lay down a single new product called a driver's license/credit card it would not be acceptable. From the bullet points it sounds like google voice creates a phone/gmail related entity.
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:59:59
Ill take a shot at it, seeing as I don't care.
The price is depressed already. in part due to the auction. Sometime next week maybe, when people realize the coins aren't being dumped, the price will recover a little. If they are dumped, everyone loses except buyers, including the bidders. That's why I don't think a dump is in the cards. I may want a retraction on this if the high bids are half the current price.
This is only the first lot of the coins the feds are going to auction. So we will be going through this again and again. Don't they have something like 180,000 overall?
Personally I don't see what the big deal is. These aren't new coins. They are just existing coins changing hands outside of the exchanges. There is lots of that going on every day, it's just not made public.
@_date: 2014-08-22 00:27:50
I don't understand why someone would use them as a wallet to store coins. I use them as an exchange. Either I move coins in to sell them, or I buy coins and move them out. I never leave them lay in there. I signed up some months ago and seeing as it is tied to a bank account I was required to provide personal information. In this day and age I didn't think much about it. When you buy something online from a merchant to be shipped to you, you provide your name, address, phone number and email address. That is pretty much what is required on Coinbase. What is the big deal? If you want any level of anonymity, use a personal wallet!
@_date: 2014-11-09 18:39:39
Fun to watch everyone scramble and cheat (downvoting others). There is at least one real loser in this bunch. The rest of you are just fun to watch. Go for it!
@_date: 2014-06-22 04:14:23
This guy doesn't know what he is talking about. The first paragraph states 3% of bitcoin sales. The next heading states 3% of bitcoin profits, but in the undelying paragraph it states 3% of bitcoin sales...
Which is it? What are you saying???
Some people need to get a job stocking shelfs in a grocery store. A journalist needs to know their facts and report them accurately.
@_date: 2014-08-20 16:52:47
I noticed the same thing. Where can I look to get the real current stats?
@_date: 2014-11-30 08:24:29
I know some unbanked people. They have to go down to the post office and buy money orders for bills they have to mail. I have a bank account as a matter of convenience. My income comes in via direct deposit. I use their billpay feature to pay all my bills. I never borrow money. I save up for purchases.
I am with you. I would rather have a private wallet on my computer that contains all these features. Someday... maybe.
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:36:38
I am not running for congress, so I will not be writing the code. By coding I mean codifying into our system of law and regulation. For starters reread the section of the article titled Currency vs Commodity. Like any complicated program, there will be many lines and many threads for different agencies. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:13:22
I am trying to recall when I set up authy. I thought it required a phone acknowledgement to enable the app. But wasn't that just to get authy installed? Once it is installed you can use it for any sites that use authy. If I am right about this, this is a very serious security flaw. Shouldn't it require a phone acknowledgement to enable each site/account within the app? It isn't 2fa for each account. It is 2fa to the app, and 0fa to each online account. Authy needs to go.
By the way, if this is true then authy should be able to come up with the phone number on record for the authorisation in the event of a theft. The authorisation came through them, correct? If they can't then this is security flaw number 2.
@_date: 2014-06-25 18:10:21
Yes, but if a hacker has authy they can authorize a transaction on your account if they hack your account. So long as the site accepts authy authorizations you are at risk. It doesn't matter what you use personally.
@_date: 2014-12-05 05:32:19
Have the teacher and principal watch Andreas Antonopoulos with the Canadian Senate. Do you think they would go through that much trouble and consideration for a ponzi scheme? How about Sen. Stockman and H.R. 5777? What about bit license in New York? The IRS doesn't consider bitcoin in that manner. The teacher clearly knows NOTHING on the subject. Clearly these government bodies do not consider bitcoin a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-06-25 19:19:04
I am not blaming coinbase. In order to get a confirmation email sent to your mailbox you have to authorize the transaction. This is where the security hole lies.
@_date: 2014-11-30 07:15:24
The bill of rights protect our privacy. I believe we have the right to self-determination. If I decide I don't want to do business with banks that is within my rights. Not all 50 million unbanked do so because they don't have any money.
@_date: 2014-12-04 04:08:47
The last I heard the US was the 10th freest country. That was some time ago. Matters may be worse by now. The bit license is one more step down the ladder.
@_date: 2014-06-21 15:03:42
These are not new coins. They are coins that already exist. They have just been sitting in a wallet. It is a small amount relative to the total bitcoin. Typical daily transaction volume is above 500,000. The only way it could affect the market is if they are dumped in a wholesale fashion. If you intend to take US$ and buy bitcoin for the purpose of dumping them, the bitcoin price would have to be high or the bid price low. I don't see this as a scenario that leads to a significant change in bitcoin prices. It's only 30,000 already existing coins changing hands. If their intent is to dump them on the market it won't be a money maker for the winning bidder. The only way to make any real money is to hold them for a large price spike or invest them in bitcoin businesses. Of course if they go for half the going rate in the auction, all bets are off. Even then, gaining twice the stake in businesses by investing would still be more profitable than dumping the coin.
@_date: 2014-08-25 03:34:40
Correct me if I am wrong, but the coins were lost within the Mt Gox system where the coding flaw was, not in blockchain transactions. Then they were moved out into the blockchain, no doubt to many different wallets so the numbers would not be obvious. Whether it can be traced or not depends on Mt Gox internal records. If they never verified or balanced accounts it's unlikely that they kept good records.
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:55:34
You're absolutely right. It isn't a 'blockchain' problem. A blockchain coder can't fix it. It is a government problem. The only way to fix it is from within the government by coding into law a proper behavior of government toward cryptocurrencies. He's not trying to fix the blockchain. There is nothing wrong with it. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 02:44:43
I'm thinking it's unqualified guys and gals feeding their ego and building a resume that is trash. "I was publisher and editor for BitMyAss News for 2 years." or "I have 5 published articles."
There is a possibility that one of those articles goes viral and is the subject of a defamation suit. They will be surprised when the publisher and editor are named in the suit... Doing a shit job is not the road to success.
On a serious point jmhain, you should let badbitcoin.org know about this site. If you're not familiar with it, it is a watchdog org that lists scams to stay away from. I am in no way affiliated with this org, but all bitcoiners should check it out. It's a great place to "blow the whistle" on these scammers.
@_date: 2014-08-22 00:45:20
It doesn't matter what Lawsky says they are thinking. If the bitlicense relates specifically to financial intermediaries it would state that in writing in the regulation... It doesn't, does it? If not, then it is a PR pack of lies. Where bitlicense will be enforced will be based on who has the deep pockets.
@_date: 2014-08-25 16:51:52
In the Florida case, the agents who setup this guy told him that they were going to use it for criminal purposes. That basically made him party to the crime, even though there was no crime.
I know they do this, but it makes no sense. There was no crime to be a party to. So if I buy a new car and tell the salesman that I am going to use it in bank robberies then the salesman is party to bank robbery, even if I don't rob any banks?
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:11:51
This is something I feel needs to be addressed. Miner software should not be allowed to pick and choose. If a transaction fee is included it should be mined, no exceptions. The reliablility of the system is at stake.
The mining fee is the same regardless whether an input is 1.0 or 0.00000001. One satoshi is a valid amount. Less than 1 satoshi is an invalid amount. For a valid system the line must be drawn there. 
How would you feel if your bank refused to process a payment or deposit for 1 penny? I can hear the rants. They are not pretty. Cover your ears! Yet bitcoin mining is doing this and it's OK? Come on!
If there are problems dealing with 1 satoshi they need to be solved, not avoided. 
Perhaps a dust collecting utility in the wallet, where for a transaction fee you can clean up your inputs. Other ideas?
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:09:16
Even with credit cards most small merchants don't have convenient payment features. Typically you need to hand your card to the cashier, they swipe it and hand it back, and then they print a slip for you to sign. He is doing the same physical process with this payment because he is not set up to provide display to customers. 
Someone needs to come up with a cheap open source swipe/display station for small merchants. It could display the QR code or you can swipe a card and sign. As an open source product it could make all forms of payment, other than cash, more convenient.
@_date: 2014-11-25 18:04:10
This highlights the barrier to establishing a borderless currency: exchanging between bitcoin and fiat anywhere in the world. Will the Iraqi bank allow transactions to an exchange? He gets paid in US dollars, but does the Iraqi bank hold it in US dollars or do they have their own currency? There is much to do before bitcoin becomes convenient and mainstream.
This is not a new problem. Many countries set up barriers to taking money out of the country. You land a job in a foreign country making good money. But when the job ends you need to get that money out of the country. You won't be allowed to board a plane leaving the county, or cross the border, with a big wad of cash. You can stay with your money, or leave it behind. It has always been a problem. The old way was to send small amounts of cash home frequently. Cash in the mail is risky, which is why you send it in many small amounts. Hopefully most of it will get home.
In today's digital age things should be much simpler. The problem is that the banks and money transmitting industries pile fees upon fees for their services. The bitcoin exchanges are emulating that same model. It is, afterall, profitable.
The doctor should give his wife a credit card and pay the bill from Iraq. Visa claims they don't charge conversion fees when you spend money in a different country. I don't know if it is true, but it may be a way around the banks and money transmitting services, or for that matter the bitcoin exchange services.
@_date: 2014-07-03 04:47:37
Would anyone venture a guess as to how much it would cost to develop and implement a core change like this in a major corporation, or how long it would take?
Kudos Oliver.
@_date: 2014-06-14 18:48:40
You're showing your true colors. How would a miner benefit from a price drop? Miners have to sell their coin to pay the electric company and the bank (neither accept btc). The traders pick up this coin at a lowered price and wait for the price to recover. Traders are the only ones benefitting from a fabricated crisis that causes a price drop.
@_date: 2014-08-25 23:21:38
Did they buy stolen CC information with the bitcoin? Was a crime committed with the bitcoin? How can it be a crime to not be associated with a crime, or a real conspiracy? 
I'm just pointing out that there are some court precedents established that I disagree with. If you did not commit an actual crime, or conspire to commit an actual crime, then no crime was committed. It's the 'thought police'... you thought you were conspiring to commit an actual crime, therefore you are guilty of an actual crime even if no crime was committed. I can't believe that is true to our constitutional rights. In my mind they would need to prove that an actual crime was committed as a consequence of your actions.
@_date: 2014-06-22 06:29:56
Glad to hear about the new chip, but the S3 is a scrypt miner. I know I read somwhere that they were planning to offer an upgrade path for the S2 up to 1.8 TH.s. That must be the new chip. Or maybe the upgrade will be water cooling for overclocking and the new chip will be a new model. They haven't released any details yet. I would think they will release information about it in the coming months.
@_date: 2014-06-28 20:19:45
It would be interesting to know what exchanges are included in their figures. As I check it right now it is very close to the coinbase price, but that may be a coincidence.
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:00:06
It wasn't that long ago that one of the public mining pools could momentarily reach 50% of the total hash rate. Today it is looking like all of the public mining pools together can reach less than 50% of the total hash rate. This means that 50% of the total hash rate is in the hands of corporate and private mining pools. I am not overly concerned with these numbers indicating a threat. But they do indicate a dramatic swing in control of mining activity in a short period of time. I feel the next generation of ASIC's will cause another huge shift in control to corporate and private miners. 
The writing is on the wall. Say goodbye to individual miners. It's all in economies of scale. Bulk sales to large concerns is where the money is at for the manufacturers.
@_date: 2014-11-10 22:34:59
All medium and large stores have customer facing swipe and sign or PIN displays. I'm talking about the small merchants here that have little more than a glorified cash register. If they have a customer facing card swipe it comes from the card companies and won't support bitcoin. We need a third party system that can do both and is inexpensive enough for small merchants. I feel this is where inroads can be made in bitcoin acceptance, by offering greater convenience. When the customer facing display pops up the QR code, other customers will see it and ask 'What's that?' and, 'Oh, is bitcoin that easy?' 
We ARE technology laggards, I won't refute that. Our businesses have to spend too much on regulatory compliance to be able to invest in their actual business operation.
@_date: 2014-11-13 15:50:48
It's not a question of who you tip. But when that glorified beggar asks for a tip, what within the 'content' of their post inspired you to tip them? 85% of the tipping I see is frivolous in my view. Is that OK? Sure, if that's what you want to do. So long as the bird crap isn't all over my car I don't care.
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:38:21
I don't get the 'share' thing. A 'share' denotes ownership, not possession. In his own words on his site the professor recognizes bitcoin as a monetary system. If you have a $1 bill does that mean you own a 'share' of the Central Bank? The answer is 'no', you can't own the Central Bank. If you owned all of the bitcoin in existence, you would not own bitcoin itself. It is not a corporation. It is a public ledger. The ledger itself would still exist outside of your control.
I don't think this guy understands the basic principals of what currencies are and how currencies work. There are no 'shares' in any monetary system. He has a few hours remaining to at least show his expert predictive accumen.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:16:03
I am not opposed to speculation. I am, however, opposed to manipulation. Speculators buyng and holding coin long term aren't a problem. Day trader speculators pushing issues to cause a drop in the price using scare tactics are not on the up and up. This new currency is a chance to do things right for the first time. The manipulators are engaged in dredging up the muck from the bottom of the old system. I don't like them in the community, and by the general dislike of speculators, I am not alone.  There are plenty of other vehicles available for speculation. Their problem is that they are too small to manipulate the main stream. So they foist their garbage on the gullible younger people in the bitcoin community. They are out for themselves regardless of who gets hurt. There is something to be said for making an 'honest dollar'.
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:57:36


You know this for a fact? How would you know this? Do you work for Google, or Coinbase, or Authy? If not, are you trying to downplay my alarm bells so the holes remain intact?
@_date: 2014-12-03 05:17:17
I tried p2pool for over 3 days to try it out. Worst pool reward scheme on the planet.
@_date: 2014-11-14 22:41:12
Wake up call for Etherium. Get it done. The world isn't going to wait. Competition is a real thing. Next year is too late. Bitcoin needs this 6 months ago. What's the hold up? Someone can port it and get it to work today.
@_date: 2014-11-24 05:31:53


That's not true. I haven't followed this matter in 2 years now. At that time there was around 20 billion still not repaid to the government of the 700 billion made available. That included money lent to banks that have failed and no longer exist, which was a little over $2 billion. The interest rate had gone up from 5% to 9% on any monies not repaid already, and the government had grossed $20 billion in interest payments. It's certain that by now the government has netted a tidy profit from this. There is no net bailout money floating around in banks.
Did you think it was a give away? The government made money on the whole deal. Did they give you any of it?
@_date: 2014-11-07 03:20:41
What I am seeing is a flood of posts about changetip in order to get tips. Not really the content I would be interested in tipping.
@_date: 2014-10-03 18:58:01
Protectionism is when a country places barriers such as prohibitions, tarriffs, and duty charges on products coming into their country so locally produced products are more competitive, or the only products available. What does that have to do with this topic????
@_date: 2014-06-25 19:29:13
When I commit a transaction, the screen pops up for the code. I open authy and copy the code. There is no password required.
It it possible in authy to see all devices authorized for each account? How would you know if a hacker has authorized a device on your account?
Hacked email account or no, if authy 2fa is secure then it shouldn't be possible to get a confirmation email sent unless you also have their device or phone. That is the whole point of 2fa.
@_date: 2014-08-14 21:55:21
In total value lost due to hacks and scams, bitcoin is cheaper than the fraudulent chargebacks merchants suffer around the world with credit cards and paypal due to consumer protection policies. Consumer protection has become a 'legalized fraud' system. You are paying for it in everything you buy and the bill is much larger than the few small consumer losses in the bitcoin ecosystem. Us bitcoin users are doing just fine as things are.
@_date: 2014-11-17 02:32:05
Fatal flaw. A system that does not process every transaction is not viable beyond a small scale. If a cryptocurrency exists today that could some day replace fiat, it isn't bitcoin. It has other uses and they may keep it going, but it can never become mainstream.
I see enthusiasts thinking it's going to take down Wells Fargo, etc. Think again. They process EVERY transaction because it's necessary to be viable and trusted long term, even if it is not always convenient or economical. When the mining reward gets halved one or two more times it will be the end of bitcoin. People will abandon it in droves due to high transaction fees coupled with unreliable transaction execution.
@_date: 2014-11-15 16:48:33
Based on Satoshi's philosophy that is a good thing. Inpenetrable privacy scares governments and they strike out with 'stamp out terrorism' campaigns which hurt bitcoin. Coin mixing scares governments and they strike out with 'stamp out money laundering' campaigns which hurt bitcoin.
Now is not the time for those things. Perhaps at some future point... a point where the collapse of bitcoin would wreak economic havoc globally. Then the Bitcoin community can drop the other shoe and take our privacy back. We will get there faster, and with fewer bumps in the road, if those things are not perfected in the near future.
How much privacy do you need? You can be reasonably anonymous with the tools at hand today. I view it as a good thing that most people don't bother. It calms governments down when they can see what is going on. No threat = no reaction.
@_date: 2014-12-03 05:08:28
So you would changetip someone for saying something stupid in a post, but you wouldn't include 4 cents to the miners on a 83 million dollar transaction?
My wallet defaults to a 0.0001 btc fee (~4 cents) when I send. I leave it that way to tip the miners for securing the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-08-13 23:32:22
Bitcoin doesn't need New York. New York needs bitcoin. I agree with Circle that the only response is to block all New York customers. Everyone around the world should. Customers from locales other than New York should refuse to do business with New York bitcoin businesses. Also, any transactions in US dollars should not be done through any bank licensed to operate in New York State (Know Your Customer's Bank). If everyone does this New York will be a bitcoin desert. It is the only way to show the world that bitlicense type rules are not the answer if you want an economy including bitcoin.
The only reason for the rules proposed for bitlicense is to fill the coffers of the New York State Treasury. The rules are impossible to comply with. Therefore any time the state needs money Lawsky can throw a dart at a list of sucessful bitcoin business and begin investigating them for fines and penalties... Should the investigation turn up no New York customers and no activity involving banks licensed to operate in New York, Lawsky is out of luck. Only a failure of bitlicense will bring about proper regulatory approaches.
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:58:41
I am trying to recall when I set up authy. I thought it required a phone acknowledgement to enable the app. But wasn't that just to get authy installed? Once it is installed you can use it for any sites that use authy. If I am right about this, this is a very serious security flaw. Shouldn't it require a phone acknowledgement to enable each site/account within the app? It isn't 2fa for each account. It is 2fa to the app, and 0fa to each online account. Authy needs to go.
By the way, if this is true then authy should be able to come up with the phone number on record for the authorization in the event of a theft. The authorization came through them, correct? If they can't then this is security flaw number 2.
Sites using authy for 2fa need to take a very serious look at how authy secures the authorization and what information they can deliver in the event of a violation.
@_date: 2014-06-24 05:18:20
So there are miners, exchanges, gambling, and merchants. That's it? There are no businesses in bitcoin? The businesses have no value? Their services have no value?
At this point in time this may be true to a degree. Things like contracts, trusts, and wills are coming, but they are not here yet. Bitcoin is in its infancy and many of the strengths of the blockchain are as yet untapped.
I would like to see a reassessment in five years. Banks make their money on interest and service fees, but mostly from interest. This has only just started in bitcoin and only in a small way. When businesses begin converting their fiat into bitcoin to pay their debts, things will just begin to change.
@_date: 2014-06-14 17:00:53
What I see happening here is TRADERS are creating a mostly fabricated crisis to drive the btc price down. If ghash hits 51% it is a momentary stat, not something running long enough for there to be any real risk. What I am seeing is a whole lot of people being voluntarily manipulated for the benefit of TRADERS. At this moment the total hash rate is around 106 Ph/s and ghash is at 40 Ph/s. Not a crisis at all!
@_date: 2014-08-22 03:27:44
We'll put out some form of guidance. We're not going to spell it out in the regulation specifically who it applies to. We'll just put everyone at ease... Of course if we see a big fat pocket to pick... The regulation doesn't say we can't!!!
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:17:09
OK, I looked at my authy Chrome app for PC's. I did not have a master password set. I have rectified this. Perhaps this is what the individuals that got hacked did wrong. Either way, the only reason I am using the app is that their voice phone confirmation is useless crap. I once spent 2 days trying to get a confirmation number out of their system. I spent even longer trying to get a response on the issue. All they said was it was someone else's fault and problem and I should use the app if I didn't want to put up with it. I can't speak for them, but my phone works fine.
@_date: 2014-12-04 19:48:07
Kudos. Lawsky stepping on Bitcoin, Stockman stepping on Lawsky. At least someone is standing up for what is right for the future.
@_date: 2014-11-30 08:01:40
'The Supreme Court, beginning as early as 1923 and continuing through its recent decisions, has broadly read the "liberty" guarantee of the Fourteenth Amendment to guarantee a fairly broad right of privacy...'
I agree that my wording is poor. But our guarantees of liberty and self-determination carry some weight. It may not extent to financial matters though. Maybe it's just that I believe I have a right to privacy, and that right really isn't there in all matters. However, as I pointed out, bitcoiners are not the only group bucking the banking system. Many of our unbanked do so by choice.
@_date: 2014-11-09 19:05:40
Looks like collusion wins over competition? That's why there are laws regulating businesses.
@_date: 2014-06-25 07:23:31
Forgive my ignorance. Don't they have to hack the coinbase account and the gmail account to do a transaction? Something like software based authy is fine for small transactions (say under 1 btc), but shouldn't coinbase require phone based 2fa for transactions above a certain value? That way they would need to steal your phone also to steal a large amount.
@_date: 2014-12-07 03:52:00
After reading the posts it is so very, and sadly, clear that that no public domain community exists surrounding bitcoin. It is for-profit people only. There should have been multiple clear solutions for this in the public domain 3 years ago, solely for the fun of coding it and promoting the use of bitcoin. What's wrong with this picture? Bitcoin Community Response: Send me some coin and I'll tell you.
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:38:43
I think what he is saying is protecting it from being viewed as simply a currency, rather than as a blockchain technology that has a miriad of uses that are not related to money. What can a dollar do other than exist as a perpetually declining store of value? Nothing! What can the blockchain do that is not related to a store of value? Many, many things. This is what governments fail to understand. He is trying to protect it from being misunderstood by our government. I agree with the fact that the word 'protect' may be the wrong word. So I can understand your objection. But he is talking about getting high level rulings that maintain bitcoin's 'value' as a commodity rather than as a currency, so lower level courts and agencies can't misconstrue what it is. The IRS says it is a commodity. But other agencies and a number of lower court judges view it as a currency and this can create a mess that shouldn't exist. This is what he is trying to prevent. I think it is a good thing. Perhaps 'prevent' is a better word. He is trying to prevent bitcoin from being misunderstood and incorrectly regulated by government agencies.
@_date: 2014-08-05 16:34:02
The chair doesn't go up in value, it goes up in dollar amount. But the dollar is inflated such that it is actually worth less.
Inflation is economic slavery. If you saved money and it gained in purchasing power over time, you would reach a point where you wouldn't need to work for that corporation anymore. You could buy your freedom from the slave economy and pursue your own interests. They would lose control over you. They would lose their slave that is wasting his life fulfilling their dream. As the saying goes; "If you are not working towards fulfilling your own dream, you are working for someone else fulfilling their dream." That is what the very wealthy want you to do... Fulfill their dream.
Saving in a deflationary currency is a key to economic freedom. If you are not able to save you are no worse off than in any other system. 
In an inflationary currency, it doesn't matter whether you save or not. There is no key to freedom except extreme wealth. That is not something available to everyone. So the majority of people are slaves to the system for life. What a waste of humanity.
@_date: 2014-11-09 18:17:05
So you are using to push your product with scare tactics?
The majority of malware and viruses has always been targeted at Windows. This is due to it being owned by Microsoft in many cases. Do you remember when Bill Gates got a pie thrown in his face in Europe? Perhap you're too young to remember it. Anti-Microsoft sentiment has been going on for a long time. It's not so much bitcoin as it is digital money in general is something that can be stolen.
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:48:22
Who is keeping an eye on our bitcoin exchanges?
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:41:48
It's a 250 MH/s script miner. Was hoping for an upgrade to the S2.
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:29:49
I think the point is that we do indeed have much bigger problems. Mr Overby is trying to minimize the damage our hoplessly twisted system will do. A few hundred people like him in congress will help.
@_date: 2014-10-18 17:04:25
That makes no sense. They can trace dollar bills and know what hands it has passed through? Why must bitcoin be superior to fiat by law or regulation for the uses of law enforcement? Pedophilia is a crime. Money, or any other measure of value, changing hands is not. This is an empty argument. Any regulator that would go along with this is an idiot. My fear is that there are a lot of idiots and they are stealing our rights and protections. 
They should also outlaw fiat. It is the only way to stop crime! No more pedophilia! No more money laundering! No more drug sales! No more militant funding! What a wonderfully perfect world they would make.
@_date: 2014-11-09 11:29:00
That makes no sense. You can send a check by mail. Bitcoin isn't illegal. There must be something else to this story.
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:37:42
If a guy gets caught with a kilo of marijuana there will be jail time. Here is a market with a daily volume 1000 times the entire value of bitcoin, and the manipulation goes on for 6 years, and no one will do jail time. Watch and see. If anything wll prove our judicial system is broken, just follow this case. (I would like to be proven wrong, but I'm not optimistic that will happen.)
@_date: 2014-11-30 06:37:26
People have the right to conduct their affairs in private. Privacy is a constitutional right. In this country there are 50 million people that do not have a banking relationship. He is recommending a further curtailment of individual rights and the creation of a 4th class... the unbanked. The unbanked will have no access to a currency system whatsoever. They would not be able to receive pay for work, charity or help from their friends and family or the government. How would a beggar on the streets survive? What an idiot! His next recommendation will be euthanasia as the best solution to poverty. No more homeless. The government would be off the hook for all welfare and disability... they don't pay taxes anyway. Social security would be flush with cash for the next generation. Unemployment would plummet. The ultimate solution.