@_author: ggupta2019
@_date: 2019-06-21 11:51:54
I was in Gulf region and you know about the rules there. Getting out of the country safely was my first priority. Anyway I found another job soon within a week of leaving my earlier organisation. And I still believe in bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-06-21 08:04:57
Buying bitcoins cost me my job. I worked in a bank, at a managerial level. When they come to know that I bough bitcoins, they simply force me to resign. Without giving any reason. simply stating that bitcoin is not a legal thing.
@_date: 2019-06-07 13:06:53
You are right. But my account was already a verified account. I have submitted the mail also received from their side stating that my account is now fully verified with no limits on the trading volume. Still they refused to accept their own verification and asked again.
And can you imagine they want all the documents to be notarized by a lawyer. Finally I refused to submit the documents and luckily got my money back.
The lessons I learned are that exchanges are similar like banks. Can hold our money and then control us. Ideally they should first ask all the questions before accepting my money.
@_date: 2019-04-10 14:23:28
Hi All,
I was a regular user of Coinfloor and purchased BTC by transferring from my UK bank account. I have transferred money on 7 April 2019 and I received a mail asking for so many details like certified accounts, bank statements, and many other things. I simply told them that I do not want to continue the account, as the information which you are asking is highly confidential and as the money is coming from my own bank account there is no need for that. But instead of closing the account they are pestering me to provide all the information. Effectively they have taken my money and not returning it back. The deposit amount is GBP 17,530. And my account is a verified account without any limits on deposits and withdrawals. These exchanges are now worse than banks.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:59:50
Yes, in that case you can start a trade on localbitcoins. He will provide his account number and other details and deposit cash directly to his account. But please check with the seller if he is ok to accept cash in his account. Because you said that buying through cash is not feasible as the nearest seller is quite far away.
@_date: 2019-05-12 12:44:34
Hi there, I am also in India and regularly buys through [localbitcoins.com]( website. 
You are right that banks might close your account if they think that you are buying bitcoin or any cryptocurrency. So here is my advice:
1. Open a separate account in any other bank. 
2. Keep only small amount in that bank account or better transfer money through online from your main account just before buying bitcoins. 
3. Purchase online on [localbitcoins.com]( and transfer the money through your this separate account. 
4. Do not mention any thing like bitcoin or cryptocurrency in the transaction remarks. 
5. Prefer to do UPI payments instead of IMPS. Because in IMPS you have to add a beneficiary and with time you will accumulate a whole lot of beneficiaries in your account, which might raise alarm to the bank.
Hope this approach will help you in acquiring bitcoins.