@_author: gh0steye
@_date: 2015-04-20 21:31:26
Thank you for the response. 
I am still in the process of working out the details exactly, however the concept will be similar to what you are talking about.
A reason I am wanting to design this, is yes the economy is getting better, but we need to have a better, more healthy world. That means one can't be raped on their rent. Offering reasonable discounts to customers not only drives business, but can make business BOOM if done properly. 
I was raised in an entrepreneurial family. We managed many different resorts and our job was to completely redo the resort's model, and bring it from loosing money, to be a profitable company. Over time, we eventually bought our own resorts and did this ourselves. 
Our Motto: "We'd rather take 50% of something, than 100% of nothing"
Out of curiosity, what is m-of-n? I was thinking an escrow, however this is the first of m-of-n that i've heard of, therefore i may need to do some research to get my mind around which one would be better.  
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:24:36
Never the less, if I were a landlord, I would rather choose $1440 of purchasing power IN BITCOIN. I may receive less this month, but maybe in 3 months from now, that value i earned 3 months prior could be 2k, therefore im willing to give a discount to not only promote the use of BTC, but help create a closed loop system. 
I personally think that there will come a time where we are better off valuing some products in just BTC than $, but currently this is the only way to do it as its still a baby.
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:30:43
You do not know what my concept is as I have not completely described it. If i break it down, then what is to stop someone from actually using my idea? Nothing, therefore this is geared only towards tenants.
**The point of this post, is to ask what the tenant would do, NOT what the landlord would do.**
Therefore if you feel that the plan is flawed, that is fine. I am not asking you why a landlord would do this, but I am asking if you would pay in BTC rather than fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:37:09
I do agree, no manager will grant any discount. But whos to say i'm seeking out rental managers?
I have not stated really what the business prospect really is, therefore everyone is ASSUMING I am targeting their current apartments and such. 
If you read the questions, I state IF you were in the market for a new place.....Whos to say that maybe im looking to start my own rental company? 
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:21:40
The primary reason would be to drive the market to move towards using Bitcoins, rather than traditional fiat currency.
Sure it may not be a 10% discount, but it could be, or maybe it would be a "flexible" discount option. Traditionally we all hate paying rent. This would make it a bit more compelling to pay rent via bitcoin, and offer a better solution to it(the rental company no longer pays as much in transactions, and they receive their monthly rent on time and is usable ASAP). 
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:22:43
You did not answer my question now did you? 
@_date: 2015-04-21 00:04:58
Very interesting. That makes sense.
Thanks for sharing this. I do feel that there is a potential for the rental market to switch to bitcoin payment system. 
Yes i do agree, that current landlord rental companies dont have a reason to switch, however my idea goes beyond just a traditional rental management company. It goes deeper beyond this and into the side of, how do we generate an income not just for a company, and create a growing company, but how do you create an income for bitcoin investors? 
No company can last for ever on its own and will need some sort of investment to pursue the next thing, therefore thats something i've been wanting to solve in the bitcoin ecosystem. 