@_author: gh0st3000
@_date: 2016-08-17 18:39:19
["A taxpayer who receives virtual currency as payment for goods or services must, in computing gross income, include the fair market value of the virtual currency, 
measured in U.S. dollars, as of the date that the virtual currency was received. [Usually by quoting an exchange]"](
Also, so the employer can pay their share of payroll tax, 
["if an employee is to be paid in any form other than money, the employer and employee must agree before the service is performed ... The value of the commodity"](
If the coins then appreciate/depreciate in value before they are sold for USD, you must pay capital gains/deduct capital losses. (Q-6 and Q-7 on the first link)
@_date: 2014-09-04 16:25:26
Zimbabwe would like a word with you. 


I'd call that a pretty solid failure condition. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:27:43
You can't peg the value of bitcoin to usd the way lots of other countries do it. They can do that because their central bank can issue new currency or take currency out of circulation such that their currency actually does have a sensible equivalent worth to the usd. If they didn't, eventually people would catch on and get their money out because they wouldn't be able to trust that they aren't buying something worth far less than they are being told.
 Bitcoin is inherently deflationary, and currency can not be injected into the economy, so you can say 1 bitcoin is worth x dollars but if you don't have the ability to make that true then it's a useless statement.
@_date: 2014-10-24 20:47:36
Yep. Just because my mom knows Bitcoin is "internet money" doesn't mean she is going to buy some or start using it anytime soon. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:01:44
Just because nobody determines what one bitcoin is worth in USD, doesn't mean two people can't agree on an exchange rate for a given transaction. Think of it like buying a stock in a company. A stock doesn't have a "price"; the value of an individual share depends only on what someone is willing to pay for it. You can get a price quote at any given time. That quote is usually very close to the last price point somebody bought the stock for. The value of bitcoin is determined in exactly the same way.
@_date: 2014-09-26 18:01:12




So you don't give a shit what merchants pay, but you accept that the merchant's fee is transferred to you anyway and it's the same thing in the end. Okay.
Dismissing my mention of psychology on a conversation about trying to persuade the public to adopt a technology is frankly laughable. Do you think your grocery store wouldn't charge an explicit surcharge if it didn't piss people off? 
Why do you think your store doesn't charge a difference between cash or credit? It's because they've determined the price they pay is worth not losing the business of people with only credit cards. As you said, the world is wired for credit cards, and if you don't go along with that, you die. My family owns several fast food restaurants, and they'll let you charge a dollar hamburger to your credit card because they fucking have to to compete, not out of the goodness of their hearts.
I don't believe I ever even spoke positively about bitcoin. My reasoning for not adopting bitcoin is the same as yours: it's impossible to be decentralized and secure while offering consumer protection and charge backs, and people are too used to that to give it up. I was simply arguing that the cash back you get comes from somewhere, and saying "I don't pay fees, I get paid" without mentioning that that money is built into your prices anyway as a dismissal of bitcoin is weak. Besides, all I hear is that the merchants who do accept bitcoin *do* give you a discount for using it. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 15:29:16
You realize his whole post is about merchant fees, right? Just because it doesn't show up on your receipt doesn't mean merchants aren't covering interchange fees by jacking up the price slightly. That cashback bonus is coming right from the merchant's pocket. You're not going  to see an explicitly added credit card surcharge a lot of the time because of psychology, businesses don't want to piss off customers who only pay with credit cards. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:50:01
I don't feel bad for the people who invested in Mt Gox, but it has nothing to do with the protocol. Why would you invest your money in an unknown source, with no insurance or special legal protection?
Bitcoin is actually better than cash in this regard - because the blockchain is public, the accounts that the money was moved to can be flagged so they can't be spent, providing a deterrent to theft. That doesn't put money back in my account though.
@_date: 2014-08-18 17:32:33
This is another one of those problems where the current method of reserving spectrum isn't fantastic, but is pretty much necessary. Higher throughput requires complex modulation methods which require clean airspace. If it wasn't illegal to broadcast whatever you want on reserved frequencies, one person could render the frequency useless for an entire city, and there would be absolutely nothing anyone else could do about it. Since the governments of the world are more interested in keeping their expensive broadcast equipment working, don't expect this approach to change, ever. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 17:47:04
1. Why do you think taking money from one person and giving it to another isn't transmission just because you don't own the money? That's not a loophole, it's the literal definition of a financial transmission. 
2. Most states (couldn't find one for CA specifically, but my state has their guidelines here  specifically require registration/licensing/fingerprinting for people doing business with foreign money transmitters in this way. A foreign money transmitter cannot operate in the US without a locally licensed agent (you). 
3. CA law defining money transmitters is currently both vague and very far reaching: 
CA law defining money transmitters includes businesses "where money or monetary value is received for transmission within or outside the United States by electronic or other means." Good luck defining your system as exempt. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:20:03


You can sell bitcoin for whatever you want, all the exchanges do is tell you what bitcoin is currently selling for so you can offer a competitive price. If people are willing to buy bitcoin at $100 and you put in a sell order at $75 a bitcoin, they'll sell instantly, but you could have gotten more $$$ for them. If you put in a sell order at $125, that order isn't going to get filled until every single buy order between $100 and $125 gets filled. Could be months from now, could be never. That's how stocks and bonds derive their value, that's how fiat currency derives its value, and bitcoin is no different. 


You cannot use this analogy here. Mining for bitcoins is a externally useless activity; it only serves to maintain the bitcoin network. Therefore, bitcoin has absolutely zero inherent value. Its value is entirely dependent on its ability to be used as a unit of trade which depends on its ability to be exchanged for currently used currencies, which is why the Chinese crackdown on yuan&lt;-&gt;BTC transfers was a ridiculously huge deal.
Even if I did use your analogy, how would you determine the objective value of a big mac? The easiest thing you can do is measure what people have paid for big macs lately, then you have an estimate of what a big mac is worth. But that's an estimate, the same way that a stock quote is an estimate. There is no set price, only a collection of buy orders, and the person on the list of orders who's willing to sell their bitcoins for the lowest price, they get their order fulfilled first. That's why [these charts]( do not try to show you some number that represents "the current value of bitcoin", only the last price someone has actually paid for some.
The best any outside entity can do is try to determine what bitcoin is worth, but unless you have full control of the supply of bitcoins, you can never hope to have any impact on the price.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:18:55


Eschewing govt control is kind of the whole point of bitcoin. Bitcoin derives its usefulness through its ability to be traded for other goods. Other currencies do too, though they rely additionally on the force their government exerts to lend legitimacy to debt relationships. 
Bitcoin does not need an army/police force to enforce debts: the cryptographic algorithms provide trust that the numbers you transmit represent some set amount of coins.
You say people follow the exchange rate like it's a number handed down from some regulatory authority, but it's not. Even the USD is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it at that exact moment. The USD happens to be a good currency because its value doesn't change a lot year to year, so people feel safe holding on to them. Bitcoin derives its value from people trusting that the market will determine what bitcoin is worth better than a central bank can. In the case of the USD vs. Bitcoin, USD kind of wins out. However, bitcoin was very popular in China for a while because their central bank has been influencing their currency to maximize exports, devaluing the currency of yuan that chinese people held. In that case, people trusted that bitcoin would hold its value better than the yuan. It didn't hold up because the Chinese passed laws to stop people from being able to transfer between yuan and bitcoin so they would have a greater control over the money supply.
In short, recommending that bitcoin be taken over by a central authority is the antithesis of the reason for bitcoin to exist.
@_date: 2016-09-14 16:32:31
But it also makes the transaction final, as in if the consumer fucks up the car they can't be charged additionally without their express consent. Not as much of a problem if you use your own KYC on top of bitcoin though so they can at least be sued.
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:35:29
I think you really have to consider the fact that the business will be saving less money than the pure difference in transaction costs because of the inefficiencies introduced: You're now paying for your own KYC rather than just using the CC company's, being forced to sue people keeps money out of your hands for far longer than a charge back and isn't feasible for small dollar amounts like minor damage or a cleaning fee, and of course, if you're a centralized company where the authorities are already willing to enforce your transactions, decentralization doesn't measurably benefit you.
Bitcoin only "just works" in a trustless context. You have to tack on systems to establish trust. The darknet markets establish trust via an eBay'esque reputation system, but even then, as a consumer, there's no way to know if the vendor will suddenly decide not to deliver and no recourse if they don't.  Any system involving lending money/items to people (especially items worth &gt;$10k) is going to want enough KYC that any anonymity granted by bitcoin is gone, and to be honest, if I was doing it I'd probably either require a security deposit (in an escrow agency you both must trust) or require use of an exchange that has the right to charge your wallet and is headquartered somewhere that isn't China so I wouldn't have to deal with suing people from God knows where over $50. That's one more third party both I and the consumer need to trust.
Any time you're dealing with physical capital you're going to be dealing with someone who wants their capital to be safe and wants a return on investment (self-owned cars are not a concept that meshes with the legal system at all, and nobody is going to pay for the initial investment on something they can't get a return from), and that requires trust.
@_date: 2018-03-01 20:17:20
In sound, those "blanks" are in parts of the frequency spectrum we can't hear very well. An mp3 copy is missing information that was present in the original copy, and there is no way to retrieve that information. With mp3, you can't hear the difference, but if you look at the actual data, you can tell the difference between an mp3 and the original immediately. [Compare the frequency content over time of an uncompressed file and an mp3](  Notice the cutoff of all frequencies above 20 kilohertz? That information is discarded and will be 100% impossible to recover, but humans can't hear it so we don't care. But if that was a bitcoin transaction? You'd be dealing with a bunch of long strings of random numbers, and changing a single bit makes the entire transaction invalid. You wouldn't have any context to guess the missing digits either, since the digits are all supposed to be completely random.
Basically, you're asking for an algorithm that takes a small random number as its input, and generates legitimate bitcoin transactions longer than the original string out of it. If it could do that, such an algorithm would also be good at guessing people's bank passwords, or writing fiction novels. It would create coherent information from nothing.
@_date: 2017-10-26 23:13:27
Yes, banks can be hacked. Credit card companies can be hacked. But only cryptocurrencies have immutable transactions. The bank can make a greivous error, and when the dust settles, it's possible to corroborate accounts and make everybody whole.
The fact that it's immutable means that many basic functions that consumers have come to expect from their payment processors (the ability to get recourse from a bad faith vendor, any kind of credit or landing relationship) must then come from third parties operating off-chain that we have to trust just as much as we have to trust the banks now. At that point, what value does the blockchain add? 
Edit: Also, if my private key is stolen, my crypto can be gone in a split second. My credit card number can be stolen and no harm can come to me.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:09:52
Diversity is good. No arguing that. You are arguing that the lack of diversity in game development and CS is largely a result of a collaborative effort by men to make their environment more comfortable. (That actually is not a neutral stance as you say; if you *need* your environment to be free of women to work effectively and be comfortable, you are a misogynist.)
I argue that it is a more complicated situation, and solutions that operate on the base assumption that the main reason women are underrepresented in the field are due to misogyny of some flavor will never rectify the problem. Look at this article:  While female-specific outreach certainly has a positive effect on female enrollment, a number of successful initiatives described were hardly gender based at all. That leads me to believe there are underlying variables to this problem that haven't been quantified very well. 
The fact that women are underrepresented in CS/game dev is well known, the solution to that problem is not settled. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:15:47
It would allow you to offload some server side maintenance to the clients without having to trust them, possibly to the point of being able to run the entire game without a central authority (why a business would spend money and time ensuring their multiplayer works even once they're bankrupt is beyond me). Of course, that assumes your install base is large enough that one person can't pwn the chain. It also means the size of your game will steadily increase over time... 
@_date: 2015-02-03 20:07:25


You don't get to say something like that then not only not defend it, but act like it's a settled point. You're saying that when the field has more men than women in it, it's because of policies that exclude women, and that it's a given that men exclude women when they reach majority.
If you're wondering why you're getting down votes, it's because you don't understand that others disagree with the assertions you pretend are universal facts. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:32:55
You do realize that sentence generalizes whether or not you use the word "all", right? "All black people need to stop doing X" and "Black people need to stop doing X" mean exactly the same thing if you don't elaborate, which you didn't. Instead, you prefaced it with the assertion that any industry that has more men than women is that way because men (sorry, not all men) made a conscious effort to choke women out of it. 