@_author: ghost_2018
@_date: 2016-10-07 04:51:03
Complete BS. As someone that has posted thousands of marketing ads on BP over the years, this is anything but true. BP has a manual review team of 70 workers that review EVERY SINGLE AD that is posted in the escort section. If an ad posted looks ANYTHING like it has to do with trafficking, they remove the ad and ban the account. Go on BP right now, show me 1 ad that is at least 1-2 hours old and resembles underage trafficking.. BP reviews each ad TWICE when first posted, and then will review it the following day for any sort of edits. The issue here is BP generating  $50,000,000 a year in revenue and the US government not getting it's piece of the pie. There are thousands of ads posted on BP daily. In LA, there are between 100-300 ads posted hourly during peak times. Every now and then an ad will slip through the cracks, it's inevitable. But are they doing it on purpose and promoting sex trafficking?? absolutely not in my opinion. Here is a solid article in regards to what BP does to fight trafficking 
@_date: 2016-10-07 14:47:22
pimping hoes? you are extremely naive. As mentioned original reply, I post MARKETING ads. Not once have I EVER posted an ad for an escort / prostitute. Your close mindedness is making you look like a sheep following the herd. BackPage generated a reportedly $170,000,000 in revenue last year. The website generates 3 million unique visitors. It is currently the 370th most popular website in the united states. Of course a handful of  site violations will happen from time to time where the staff has to step in to delete an ad report it to the authorities, but you can't say that is the purpose of their site or business model. Your going by what you read in the AP, where as i'm going by first hand experience with site interaction. I challenge you to go on BackPage and find us all a listing that you suspect is underage trafficking. Instead you proceed to stay here and ramble endlessly and say without certain that BackPage and their owners are "guilty" of sex trafficking without doing any of your own due diligence, or bringing evidence to the table in order to support your claim.
@_date: 2016-10-07 15:29:49
that is 1000% misleading. Backpage doesn't allow certain keywords to be posted, because it is against their terms of service. Their terms of service does not allow any sort of sexual references. So if you try to post an ad with the word "anal", your posting will return an error that says "use of the word anal is prohibited by our terms of service.", and so on. The Senate is trying to make you believe BP wants you to "hide it" when in reality BackPage doesn't allow it. Before you are even able to enter any sort of content for your ad they make you agree to their TOS with every single posting. And to put the icing on the cake, lets say you try to beat the filter and put AAnal instead of anal. The ad will be flagged for manual review and a staff member will completely delete / remove the ad and not refund you violated their TOS.