@_author: ghostofcockroach
@_date: 2017-05-24 08:10:34
If you can afford to lose all of it, buy now. If you can't afford to or you want to minimize your losses (also reducing your potentoal gain) hedge it by buying in smaller amounts (dollar cost value)
Seriously no one knows what's going to happen. If this sub is any indication, seems like a lot of people are optimistic that the price will keep increasing. Usually that is how self fulfilling prophecy works.
@_date: 2017-05-10 01:25:25
I thinl the key word here is exchange. The fact that there are people that would exchange existing currency with bitcoin at a rate gives it value. And anything with a demand and rarity can become valuable.
Like other said it becomes valuable when it becomes popular, I think the number of people who's engage with bitcoin has surpasses critical mass that it becomes self sustainable, in other words, there are enough people selling, buying, or mining bitcoins that the demand will always be there and growing.
Imagine how paper money was first introduced to replace gold. Clearly the paper and ink used to make money is worth less than the value it represents. You might argue that the value has something to do with the gold reserve, and yet no one in the last hundred years or so has never come to exchange the money with gold. Why? Because right now it's globally accepted that the paper and ink holds value.
This is what we are hoping and is happening to Bitcoin. That eventually it's accepted as a global currency. And people wouldn't look back to paper and ink money.
 
@_date: 2017-05-26 07:55:13
You'll never find one in reddit for sure...
@_date: 2017-06-15 01:27:00
This subreddit can be very harsh to newbies. I don't think we ever have a thread stickied to explain the current situation. And i must admit the learning curve is very steep. I honestly believe explaining bitcoin to newbies is crucial for world wide bitcoin adaptation, no? So why the hell do we keep op frustrated by not answering him?
OK OP, I'll try to answer some of it for you.. but I'll be upfront. I don't really understand segwit and asicboost. But i know their purposes.
Firstly, you have to understand what blockchain is.
Put it simply blockchain is a ledger that keeps track of everyone's bitcoin by listing down transactions. Imagine there's a standard form used by everyone in order to send money from a to b. The form is the block. The stack of that form in chronological order is the blockchain.
But there are so much more to that. Every person that runs a bitcoin node will keep record of this block chain. And they can also post a block to add to the chain. These changes will propragate in the network so that eventually all nodes will have the same block chain.
This raise an issue, how do we validate transaction and how do we resolve timing issues? There are millions of node running. This is certainly a major issue if they all try to post at the same time.
The easier solution would be to run a central server that governs the transaction timing and make a queue. But this would ruin the decentralization aspect of bitcoin. So the solution must be something that could be used without a central server.
This is where mining comes along. Bitcoin is designed so that in order for someone to be able to post a block, they have to solve an answer that comes from the previous block. This is a mathematical subject that I could not explain (since i don't really understand cryptography) but let's just say that the odds of you finding it will always be smaller than the rest of the world finding the solution.
For every block that could be posted, miners will get a reward of bitcoin, this is embedded in the program to give incentive to people who post transactions.
And all is fine. Until we get a large number of transaction. So basically we have many different proposed solution for this scaling issue.
But before we go there, asicboost.
Basically asicboost is a tool that enables miner to solve the solution quicker (it claims 20% faster) lots of individual thinks this is unhealthy since we don't want one single company to take hold of our blockchain by being able to continually posting transactions again and again one after another. Because then they would have control on transaction fees.
 
Allegedly some miners group use asicboost which makes the whole bitcoin community uneasy. One in particular is bitmain. Jihan Wu is the co-founder of bitmain.
There have been arguments on which solution we should take regarding the scaling issue. Again, the decentralization of bitcoin means even choosing a solution needs the cooperation of all the nodes. Remember these are nodes run by individuals and big miners.
Some miners favor solutions that would benefit them, favoring those that wouldn't render asicboost obsolete. While individuals would favor solution that decentralize control. This debate has been going on for a while, until someone propose this guerilla type solution the uasf bit 148
I don't quite understand what is inside bit 148, but it enables segwit and renders asicboost useless.
So what the hell is UASF. It's user activated soft fork.
What the hell is a soft fork?
Remember thar block chain? A hard fork means from a particular point in that chain, there will be two group of nodes continuing the chain with a totally different format. And obviously not in sync with each other. This is the thing we are trying to avoid. Because then you would have two different bitcoin.. you will still have the same amount of bitcoin in both branch, but the dollar value will be unknown. It's such a hassle to maintain two different asset like that.
A soft fork on the other hand, means that the existing chain will still accept this new type of transaction. So it's backward compatible. A more prefered solution.
Now i sure hope someone else will explain what jihan wu did with that blog post.
ELI 5 time.
Imagine a digital lock. On that digital lock is written a transaction.
A chain of this locks acts like a ledger because of the transactions written on it.
Everyone has a copy of that digital lock chain and can create and attach the next lock to the chain. In order to do that, you must try all possible combination key for the previous lock to open it and then attach your own lock to it. You, the creator of the new lock don't have the combination of the one you just attached. In return, you get some fee.
The process than repeats. Everyone will now try to break the combination of your new lock.
The process takes too much time. Comes asicboost. A tool you can use to tap the locks and sort of guess the combination faster.
UASF 148 proposes that we change the lock type to increase transaction speed while making asicboost obsolete.
@_date: 2017-06-15 01:57:39
You are welcome.. please note that I might be wrong and you should do your research too.. you know.. just in case.
@_date: 2017-06-15 01:58:49
I believe somebody else that has more grip on the situation should do it.. I'm pretty new to the game too.. do your best to do your own research too..