@_author: ghostymcwritten
@_date: 2014-04-22 06:53:35
Glad that this is happening. I have been quite involved with both cannabis and cryptos for quite a while and have always wondered why seed shops never took full advantage. I hope you guys keep growing and would love to support however I can as far as spreading the word or suggesting some methods in which you might consider allocating revenue streams in a way that can accrue as you receive orders and still remain on hand for immediate use to avoid hindering the ability for a smooth supply chain all the way down
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:04:38
Best comment possible. Cheers. It is also my feeling with Chase Bank, I have had accounts frozen for "laundering" aka btc trading in the past and had the chance in a course in the global underground economy to speak directly with a head anti money laundering agent from JPMorgan Chase who essentially explained their protocol for laundering cases and laid out what not to do if you do get into laundering illicit funds. I was surprised and not surprised at the same time to learn first hand that it's relatively simple to launder massive sums of money if you just get creative with large bulk sums and stay low profile with constant small sums in the correct manner to conceal a trail is not left even if someone does set off a red flag and attract unwanted attention. Even more though...he plainly stated, "If they are suspicious, the employee at the branch will file a form and we then review the transactions and account(s) in question. Usually it is everyday business being conducted, but sometimes it is illicit business...it's extremely time consuming and difficult to differentiate the two. So we don't tear each case apart without specific orders from superiors or high levels of suspicion, which generally tend to only appear when the criminals get hasty or too relaxed and slip up in a way the process is suited to identify and appropriately deal with in cooperation with law enforcement. But after all...no matter the business, the bank would rather gain greater revenue than ostracize account holders for potential illicit activities. We are obligated to report it when it's noticed. But it's not our responsibility or business to extinguish criminal activity in society and do not have the resources to devote to doing so in the first place."
@_date: 2014-03-10 08:02:09
The human side of these types of events is always necessary for full understanding. So I thank you for putting minds at ease so some degree. But more so, I am disgraced that the situation unfolded as it did and can only find some solace in knowing that your relationship with your brother is stronger than all of the frenzy incited by such disappointing, inappropriate, and misinformed actions along the way. To me, that is something to be commended by those not involved and cherished by your family. I hope that this can someday be just part of your pasts, and the support of our community is helping to make that happen. 
Where we must go forward is to restore upstanding journalism practices so that the incentive to act in manners like this are minimized. 
At the root of it all though, I wish more people still lived the lives of decent human beings who wouldn't continue to value money over humanity. Especially when the results of acting so poorly produce knowingly inaccurate reports to a readership which can sadly be all too easily spoon fed almost anything with the right level of buzz or interest 
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:00:56
So can you passively rake in dividends from your network base below you each month? It seems easy enough and only just narrowly outruns being a true pyramid scheme so I don't see the bad in it. The people at the bottom would just earn what they put into it with using the partner sites to gain points, and those that build their networks and such can generate a little bonus based on their network output on top of whatever they personally contribute...right?
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:54:35
I will post it there for input also, but am most interested in r/Bitcoin input on the basic idea stated in the edit and not in how to work with alternatives to BTC. I imagine that there are plenty of people who are confident in BTC market investments, but can only increase capital with small inputs