@_author: ghosteye55
@_date: 2019-07-04 02:13:35
Ok, so the ruling said that corporations are persons, and by extension they have the right to free speech. I fundamentally disagree with the idea that a virtual human is a real human or has rights to speech at all whatsoever. The corporation is merely an extension of its board, and its ceo. Therefore when a corporation is making any form of speech, that speech is not the speech of the corporation but is an extension of its board. Now, the board members are more than welcome to make their own speech, but when the corporation speaks for them, AND they also make their own speech, the people who are speaking is the board. Not the corporation. Therefore, they are inflating the amount of speech in the system to be in their favour. 
In addition to all this, corporations hold vast amounts of money, much of it safely protected from taxation due to corporate tax loopholes. When the corporation spends what is essentially untaxed monies, this puts the corporations donations at a distinct advantage compared to private citizens who have to use monies that do not benefit from the corporate tax loopholes the corporation has used. This again unduly inflates the speech value of the corporation if money=speech. 
Lastly, and most insidiously, the corporation does not fairly reward all who are due rewards. If corporations paid fair wages, and didn't pay extremely high bonuses, this would not be an argument. However, when a corporation's upper management make grossly more than their employees (2,000 to 1 or more in some cases) that means that the corporation's profits that go towards speech go almost entirely towards upper management's interests. This means that speech is being stolen from those who are underpaid, and they are forced into silence by the economic realities that the corporations have placed upon them. This is even worse for corporations that set aside money for political contributions. In essence, they have basically given upper management and the board even more speech. 
In a democracy, everyone should have the same amount of speech. If you decide to alter that amount of speech, you start to drift towards a system whereby you must have some special token to have speech. Now in communist china and communist russia, that token was being a card carrying member of the party. In african dictatorships, that token is having proved your loyalty to the local warlord. In america, that token is having become a member of the board or a ceo for a large corporation. This is a problem. America was founded to do away with hierarchical structures where some people had taxation without representation. Citizens united brings back that system. 
If it were up to me, I would limit all political contributions to $50 per person, per campaign, with only us citizens being allowed to donate. I would outlaw all donations by shell companies or corporations. Candidates would also not be allowed to use their own monies. I would force all donations to be run on the eth blockchain, and only wallets of verified us citizens would be allowed to donate, and us citizens would have to create a new wallet to donate with. Obviously this raises privacy concerns, and privacy needs to be engineered into this system, perhaps some sort of blind verification model, but ultimately we need donation security, and incorruptibility.
@_date: 2019-07-15 18:26:06
Yah, its a true thing. Timing the bottom is a difficult thing to do, just like timing the top. However, you can look at the trading range, and you know when things are low or when they are high. Like for example, look at doge. Its so low compared to its historical spike action. I think it will spike again, and thats why I hold some with a sell order ready to go despite the fact that doge is a bullshit meme coin. Its so much of a literal meme that it will never die, and people buy it simply to have some dogecoin. Like, wtf? THEN WE HAVE MINECRAFTERS TIPPING EACH OTHER IN DOGE!!! O_O DAFUQ?
@_date: 2019-07-01 01:02:49
You need to pull the hard drive, DD it over to another laptop, and boot it up. Alternatively, you could attach a screen and just boot it up. Would love to have some btc, and would be open to help you out and offer phone support to walk you through the steps to move it out.
@_date: 2019-07-04 01:54:02
I did reply to a shitpost, but only because I value truth, well defined arguments, and logic. The cesspool of memes, illiterate hatred for people based on the fact that they are not part of your in group and general shit throwing that has infected the online discussion is extremely toxic. The problem is that you want to play political football with topics that are of moral relevance, more than political relevance. If you say that any human child deserves to sit in a cage instead of running free and being a kid, you have a warped sense of morality. The only reason that this has happened is that the current american president has a warped sense of morality, and you happen to agree with some of his political stances, and so therefore you feel like you have to agree with all his political stances. Instead of being nuanced and saying that the president is a shit leader on morals about locking children up, but a good leader on recognizing jerusalem as israels state capitol, you say he is a good leader on both topics, because you don't have the internal values to know what you stand for. And so, when someone comes along that says the president has shit morals about the border, you default to trolling as a way for you to respond because you don't have good arguments for why you support basically torturing children who are legally innocent, but also want to defend your president. You only do this because your emotionally invested in this president. Ask yourself... why? And is your infatuation with your president after what he has done rational? And has he gotten the results that you hoped for? Past presidents landed men on the moon, won wars, and oversaw the victory over communism. This president has so far downed a bunch of cheetos, gotten into twitter fights, and caused drama. He has not delivered on any of his promises, and delivering on promises despite opposition by others is what a good president does.
@_date: 2019-07-03 14:35:30
Not a fan of people who mix up fascism and socialism.
Fascism is about merging both economic and political power, usually under the auspices of a single authority (read single person)
Socialism is about creating safety nets by taxing those who can afford to take the economic hit. Although some may argue that nobody can afford to take any economic hit, there is a marked difference between someone who will have to sell their only house and someone who has to sell their fifth house. Socialism is reactionary to the corporate greed infrastructure which has rigged labour markets to systematically underpay average workers, while paying extreme amounts of money to the ceos and shareholders. Although bitcoin is a good start to rectifying market inequality from banks rigging the monetary system, bitcoin cannot fix labour market rigging, and systemic worker underpay. And rightwing trickle down economics only exacerbates the problem of cheating and market rigging.
@_date: 2019-07-03 14:37:53
Btc is just numbers in a wallet. I don't have to put up with joe schmoe arguing about why its ok for a brown kid to die of neglect in a cage on the texas border because he is an illegal immigrant. They are fucking humans for christ sake. I wouldn't treat a dog the way ICE treats those children, and children are so much more valuable than dogs.
@_date: 2019-07-02 21:02:20
Not a fan of gab. It is infested with racists, nazis, classists and people who in the words of the joker- just want to watch the world burn. Its full of potential for hate and suffering.
@_date: 2019-07-04 01:40:27
Yes, the supreme court made that ruling. However, citizens united was a 5-4 vote. It also was a partisan vote, with the ruling being made by conservatives who historically have a vested interest in being able to take donations from corporations. Many people including myself consider citizens united to be extremely detrimental to the country as a whole, and the primary agent of corruption of the american system of governance by special interests and corporations. As a result of money= speech, the entire system of governanve has been suborned and america's congress is not a government by the people for the people but is now a system of governance by the rich for those with enough money to bribe congressional members with excessive campaign donations. As a result, legislation that needs to happen for average americans is ignored and overlooked, while legislation that is beneficial for the minority upper class is fast tracked, even if it is detrimental to the majority of americans. The citizens united ruling changed our nations system of government from representative democracy to something resembling a kleptocracy. If citizens united were implemented in eth governance, everyone who had eth could vote, and the majority eth holders could vote that they get more payouts in PoS or mining. Thats literally how america works these days. Bribe a politician, carve your loophole, and then after having unfairly bent the rules, exploit the fuck out of the people around you. Bitcoin and ethereum were designed to make code law and to get away from this system of systemic corruption. And yet here you are, defending money= speech because you don't understand how democracy or governance works, and you come to the game wanting to play political football for your team of choice rather than spending time understanding the power structures, and understanding what used to be before the power structures usurped our democracy. America is falling apart at the seams. Yes, we have the most billionaires, but we also have the most crumbling infrastructure, the most corruption, the most poverty, and the most financial destitution of most first world countries. And to be frank, I would rather have an up to date infrastructure, decent financial infrastructure, low debt, and a well educated populace more than the most billionaires. Billions of dollars in the bank just sitting there does nothing for the economy. It artificially inflates the dollar, which is bad for the btc and the eth valuation, and it also reduces per capita spending of each household. Its bad for gdp, and it hamstrings the economy. And before you say I know nothing about the economy or money, I have been investing in btc for three years, and I took multiple economics classes and I have a degree in computer science, and I have spent the last year delving into how the economy runs in order to try to build models on how to invest in btc. And, as far as results, I cashed out in december 2017 because my model suggested btc was a bubble (no shit sherlock), and I bought in march 2019 based on trump's tarriffs and looking at factors in my model and weighting them. And guess what? I outperformed the market and the people who averaged into btc. I did it by being politically savvy, and understanding the levers of power, and understanding what is driving these cycles. 
As an aside, I am looking at btc going to 50k this year, and eth going to 1.5k. I am currently bullish on eth/btc due to the low ratio, and due to google integration of eth, and due to how power tends to dominate value in mindshare/winner take all scenarios. 
That said, although google integration WILL push eth to new highs, economic instability will push btc. Look especially for new sanctions, new spending restrictions, and new trading instabilities to drive down stocks and push btc to new highs. I would look to get out of the btc market after wars break out, as risk will have been fully realized by then. I fully expect america to go to war with iran, and to push bad faith with china. I partially expect a war with north korea to go down, and I expect trump to not honour japanese or south korean defense treaties when it does. This will be the time of maximum realized risk to stocks, and this is when a smart operator will diversify out of btc and into stocks, or into eth. 
My current portfolio is 40% btc, 40% eth 10% link and 10% iota, with a smattering of alts.
@_date: 2019-07-03 12:02:59
How so? Btc is money, gab is speech.
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:52:05
Here is how you stop them. Apply for line of credit. Once you have a line of credit, move it to another bank. Then, tell wells fargo that until they allow you to buy bitcoin, you won't repay the line of credit. You will delay, and resist repayment, and make it an extreme hassle. Yes, they can trash our credit, but we can wreck their bottom line profits. If they see this across thousands of accounts, they will throw their hands in the air.
@_date: 2019-07-04 01:13:30
hitler used clever wordplay. Look up some dictionary terms, and study your goddamn history. The entire nazi party used clever advertising and lies to disguise their party, just like how north korea is the "Democratic People's Republic of Korea" according to their own name. stick to the dictionary.
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:56:07
I am stacking eth right now, its SO low in relation to btc right now. I can see it going back up to .07 or even .1 btc eventually.
@_date: 2019-07-04 03:59:11
See this is the crux of the issue. Voting is about who gets into power. Political donations are what they do after they get into power. Ideally, a representative would poll all of his constituents on their views of what they should do for each bill, and then vote accordingly. The only part of representative democracy where representation is actually needed is crafting of bills. Thats the crux of the issue. the bills crafted will only be for the people who donate- not for the constituents. And when the corporations who donate happen to be from saudi arabia(republican) ukraine(democrat) or russia(trump) then those bills will be in favor of those countries, instead of being in favour of americans.
@_date: 2019-07-03 16:34:37
What we have on the border are concentration camps. Overcrowded 5x beyond capacity, and people are dying of easily preventable diseases, and lack of sanitation. In addition, migrants are being abused, case in point multiple instances of migrants being told to drink from toilets, and multiple cases of reported rape, multiple cases of beatings. They are humans, and they are the subject of a mass atrocity.
@_date: 2018-10-29 01:57:16
All addresses that have done a transaction would be vulnerable. miners with good quantum computers faster than blocktime could interdict transactions and steal funds. If you want to see a quantum immune network, look at iota and qtum. both quantum immune in their own ways, both viable post quantum DLT's.
@_date: 2018-10-05 14:49:25
1. The US gov looks badly at people moving large sums of money out of the country. They like to tax it if it goes through the banking system. 
2. There are alot of middlemen fees with the banking system. 
3. The bitcoin system is cheaper, safer, and better than the USD or the banking system. As an added bonus, you won't get exit taxed if your in the cloud :O
@_date: 2018-10-05 13:45:56
First, the author is valuing bitcoin in dollars. Fuck off mate. 1 bitcoin=1 bitcoin. 1 doge =1 doge. 1 iota= 1 iota. And, to be perfectly clear, just because the value of crypto dropped doesn't make it a bad buy. If you are investing.... for dollars, sure you lost out. But if your grabbing hold and placing your stake in the decentralized world? Oh yeah baby. I am never going to turn my btc into dollars ever again. I will spend them for real estate.... maybe.
@_date: 2018-10-26 21:21:53
if they don't, then people who don't hold their btc will lose out, bankers will win, and btc hodlers will win, and normals will trust bankers and btc even less :O
@_date: 2018-10-28 22:42:33
After what they did with supporting the mass murderers.... yeah it's lame. Also, if I was a miner, I would purposefully not confirm their txs even if they attached large fees to it. Let someone else support them, not me. Its a moral argument, and this is where consensus in the broader world brings down the hammer.
@_date: 2018-10-26 17:00:25
HA HA HA
This sounds like a naked short. What is truly hilarious is that when this system crashes, only the ones who are holding their btc will have any value whatsoever. This is a minefield for Visa mastercard... or indeed any bank. They will have to go out and buy bitcoins off market to satisfy their customers in the event of a bank run, and that will just drive up the price of btc to ludicrous heights...  
BTC mass adoption will not come until 1 btc is too expensive for any person to acquire.
@_date: 2018-10-10 20:27:52
There are a couple of ways to solve this. 
First, there is swarm nodes. Each node stores a copy of part of the blockchain, and the other nodes only stores hashes. No hardfork, but a new node implementation would be needed, and people would need to be incentivized to participate in a full node.
Second, there is the snapshot+prune that the Iota protocol takes. How this works, is that every single node takes a snapshot of the current state of the network at a certain time. Iota is a dag, so how they coordinate this is irrelevant, but we could coordinate this with blockheight. The current blockheight -1 is the snapshot block, every 1,000 blocks, and everybody's wallet balances are written into a database that matches across all devices. If your database doesn't match, your considered a fork or an evil node. The hash of the last snapshot is shared when sharing solved blocks. Although this works well for iota, they use a different cryptographic protocol, resulting in possible difficulties in how much actual transaction compression you can achieve through this methodology. It would still be a step up though. Definite hard fork required though. 
Third there is the simple rule of moore's law that as the blockchain expands like a growing balloon, harddrive tech will expand to take care of the problem and contain it. no fork needed. 
Fourth, there is mimblewimble. More on that here: [ this would probably be an altcoin.  
  
Of all of these methods, I like iota's approach the most. The only problems being that first its highly technical, second, it can arguably erase transaction history (but not transaction balances) so people might fight over it, and there are some consensus weaknesses that might be exploitable during the process of snapshotting. For example one attack i can think of is if a miner deliberately does not cease mining during consensus and then broadcasts two blocks during snapshot. That would result in an uncle scenario that is overwritten into the core database of half the btc network, but not the other half, creating a double spend and causing the btc network to fork into those who have the double spend and those who do not. Its a 51% attack that is performed based on network propagation rather than hashpower. If bitcoin ever were to adopt that consensus and snapshot system, there would need to be a lot of work to overhaul it from the alien trinary world of iota into something a proper blockchain can use.
@_date: 2018-10-11 16:54:58
Use a dead man switch service. [ allows you to share a google drive. what you do is you XoR the private key with an encryption key. Then, you give the recipient the encryption key that can be used to undo the XoR on the private key. Then you store the Xor'd private key in the google drive. Even if your google drive is hacked by a third party, it won't reveal the key, but if you die and google sends it to the recipient, they can unlock it. 
@_date: 2019-06-21 02:37:20
I am actually betting this is gonna correct. I have sold 35% of my btc holdings for iota, ethereum, and some other alts.  I believe the alts are lagging btc by about 35% which is why I sold my btc for them. I will be portfolio rebalancing into alts as btc continues to rise, and will rebalance back into btc once the alts catch up. I picked iota because they seem to have alot of truth in advertising (despite their massive and obvious hype train, their code is good, and I did review their code myself, and I think its well done) Ethereum of course is a no brainer simply due to good code and from a pure code perspective eth is superior to btc. Xrp has their new deal, and I am hoping it will combat the fbcoin, and monero and zcash are both fundamentally required in crypto space. Dyor as always, and learn to write and read code if you want to do dyor. I have not reviewed either zcash or monero code, but I have read their whitepapers.
@_date: 2019-06-21 10:27:32
Not exactly sure your thinking clearly about data as the killer app. You could make a machine that has an unlock function that obeys a key signed for a certain amount of time that is issued by a smart contract on the eth chain. As long as you can present a signed key, the machine works, regardless of whether or not you own it. Combined with ownership tokens running on eth, you get a machine and an ownership of the machine for whatever timeframe that obey a smart contract.
@_date: 2019-06-21 09:38:52
Ehhhhh sort of. 
Libras smart contracts will be as good as sending an order to a company today. Also, goodluck spending money if you make a post facebook doesn't approve of. Congratulations, you posted that you think gays should/shouldn't hold a demonstration in xyz country for abc political/religious reasons. Your account has been flagged, and you can no longer spend money for xyz days as punishment.
@_date: 2019-06-21 02:41:53
not worried about libra. Its worse than a shitcoin. It has reversal of funds in case of "fraud" which of course means that the actual fraudsters can put in fraudulent reversal charges and rob you blind, thereby making it worthless.  
Eth is stateful, unlike libra there is no reversal, and more importantly it has smart contracts which... btc is missing. btc really does need publicly verifiable smart contracts to establish a trustless system. Right now, I can send you btc and you can say fuck off. In eth, I at least can be guaranteed a digital asset or a record of transference of a real life asset that I can take to a human court as evidence of breach of contract on your part.
@_date: 2019-06-21 03:31:22
Hey now, ripple is centralized I won't say it isn't. However, it is more decentralized than fb coin, and right now its a tossup between ripple, stellar lumens (which is a fork of ripple) and fbcoin. All three are centralized as shit, all three play the banking game, and all three are... not true to the spirit of bitcoin. However, not being true to the spirit of btc doesn't mean they can't be profitable, and I think that there is going to be a war in the centralized coin world. I see no chance of profit with fb coin. it will probably be a stablecoin. that leaves lumens and ripple. Of the two, ripple has better adoption, marketshare, and mindshare, so it has a better shot than lumens. That is why I picked it as a "winner" Now, do I believe it will win? No. But, this isnt about belief. You can believe whatever you want, its not going to change reality. I believed btc was going to the moon in 2017, right down to 5k and I kept buying. I have broke even now, and I learned a valuable lesson about diversifying assets. I don't believe in ripple, I think it has no right to exist, and I think its worse than fiat. But I still hold it, because cold hard rationality tells me to.
@_date: 2018-11-12 04:02:27
Buy bitcoin directly. Mining is a no go unless you have free power, and even then, difficulty is rising, and that miner will be outdated in 6 months or less.
@_date: 2018-11-05 22:33:37
They are trading patterns, and they ho0ld true not just for cryptocurrencies, but for other forms of assets. 
When an asset is traded, people buy the asset because they think they will want to use the asset in the future, or that they need to use it now. A good example is ETH. You buy eth to use it right now as gas to run smart contracts. Or you buy it to buy other tokens. 
Then on top of that, there are people who buy the asset looking to resell it at a higher price to some other person at a later date. These are the investors. 
Then, you have people who rebuy it, looking to resell in a few weeks. These are swing traders. 
Then you have people who buy and retrade on razor thin margins, seeking profit. These are day traders and arbitrage traders. 
And lastly, you have everyday people who see the price go up, jump on board, and when it starts dropping.... sell at a loss. These are the people who lose to crypto. Sadly, this last group is the largest of the bunch, and the most vocal, and the ones the sec worries and frets about.
Now these groups working together generate market psychology, where every instinct WILL betray you, and WILL make you lose money. They generate patterns across assets based on previous patterns, and current market emotion. A market might feel exuberant about bitcoin one day, and terrible about it the next day, despite the price of btc being the same both days. All that matters is what direction it currently is going. What people don't realize is that the market exuberance and the crowd psychology is dangerous to ones financial health, and so they keep getting caught again and again by people who understand the game as traders, or who simply refuse to participate and hodl, or who do something else. 
The successive bumps of bitcoin going smaller and smaller is more and more of the everyday investors getting shaken out. The wealth is being consolidated, coild, writhing, surging, and awaiting a signal of the next bull run. And that is why the market is so dangerous, and so beautiful and so powerful. Every single action you choose based on emotions and heuristics and even common sense... is wrong. Right now, even the action to stay out of the market is wrong. The action to sell is wrong. The action to buy...? Possibly wrong, but do you feel like buying? No? Does it feel like your wasting money when you buy? Does it feel like the blood in the streets is your blood? Ok now buy. It's the perverse nature of the beast. A psychological monster devised by men for men to seperate men from their money and make other men extremely wealthy. And those who do not play the game will remain drudgery til the end of their days. 
Learn the patterns. Learn to not be ruled by fear or greed. Learn to think like you were on the other side of the looking glass. Because until you do, you will never be able to dance with the monsters, and swim with the sharks.
@_date: 2018-11-09 03:48:32
This is fundamentally wrong, its evil, we need to fight it, and we will not win in court, by protest, or by writing to the sec and complaining. 
We need to challenge the sec first in the realm of popular opinion. Who gave the SEC the authority to regulate a worldwide blockchain? Nobody. That is who. Then we need to challenge the Sec in the realm of hiring away all of their employees. The SEC cannot run if all of their employees go on vacation and never come back. 
The SEC is an evil organization hellbent on forcing people to register, and introducing unnecessary legal risk to startups that go bust. If an org pulls an exit scam, you think we will see a dime of the money back? No. That is the job of the investor to spot. However, how many organizations did we see jump on the crypto moon? How many millionaires did we mint when we had no oversight? Yeah. 
@_date: 2019-01-08 01:01:21
I am pretty sure this is a shill of some sort. Although, it should be shilled on the bchsv forums that claim sv is somehow satoshis vision. Cool digging though.
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:48:27
Ok, I will give you a rundown, sorry for the community just throwing whitepapers at you instead of explaining the algorithm. 
So, the tangle is a temporary data structure, but it sits on top of a normal database. The tangle is regularly snapshotted. A snapshot involves deleting all the transactions in the tangle, and summing the transactions and applying the wallet balance changes to the database. Data that is not transaction data is purged in the process of snapshotting. 
There is an advanced form that many people and corporations use called the partial snapshot. A partial snapshot involves saving some tangle transactions and the transactions that validated them. The reason that people want to do this is because you can record data (like audio or video) inside a transaction. Of course this means that you might be the only person in the world that holds that specific transaction, however other people might also have that transaction. If you can link up with those people, you can have multiple people come to consensus on those sets of data. This is the primary reason iota is so powerful. You can come to consensus on historical data without holding the entire history of the tangle. 
On the history of the tangle, there are full nodes that hold the entire tangle history. They are run by big iota holders/corporations and the iota foundation. The only reason for holding this is to eventually be able to sell access to this old data, or to verify old data. You could run a full node on your own, and download the full tangle but you really need to have a bunch of extra memory to handle this (terabyte+ is best imo) There probably will come a day when the full nodes will run out of memory and get some more memory, or start selective snapshotting. I do know that most of the big players will opt to get more memory, and I agree these full nodes take to much memory to be run on a standard users computer. However, most users only want to have wallet balances, which means running a normal node, and a small tangle that only contains the leading edge of consensus and does not contain the millions of videos and photos, and sensor data that is on the true tangle. 
The entire logic of the tangle with its random walk algorithm and weighted checks to detect double spends as well as PoW and network bound PoW is solely to make it very very difficult to perform double spends on the network. None of it has to do with storage. 
As far as how wallets know when to stay in sync, the transactions are sent over the gossip protocol, just like how bitcoin sends blocks. The tangle could in theory be forked, if you sent a bunch of people running iota to an island and kept copies of their wallets on the mainland and then did double spends the people on the mainland would not accept transactions from people on the island if their balances are out of sync. This is similar to what would happen if you did this with bitcoin users. The only difference would be that there is no visible chain split, only a rejection of transactions that break balance validation for users who were on the island when they performed attempted double spends. The wallets on the main tangle would never have the transactions in their snapshot history, and so therefore wouldn't validate. This problem is currently prevented by the coordinator putting milestone transactions out which requires all transactions to reference or indirectly reference a coordinator milestone transaction. 
The coordicide project is keenly aware of this problem, and one of the solutions (the constellation solution) is to allow multiple open source coordinators to run. This would in effect split the tangle much like how btc and bch split and allowed replay attacks right after the split. There are other coordicide solutions, including reference, memory of other nodes, and smart nodes that make sure they are in contact with what they historically consider to be the main tangle. Of course, the only place that this problem is a problem is the parasite chain attacks, but so far we have not fallen to one as of yet.
The last thing that you need to know is that Iota was created to facilitate another project called Qubic. Qubic actually comes from the acronym QBC which stands for Quorum based computing. In Qubic, an entity deploys a computation job. Then, a quorum of computers assembles. The quorum performs a test to ensure all members have the required resources. (data access, computation power, memory, etc) Then, of those members that are eligible to perform the work, a random selection is made. This random selection of computers then takes the computation job, processes the job, and then spits out the job results as votes. If the quorum reaches 2/3rds consensus, all members who are in consensus split the payment from the entity who wanted the computation done. Those members who are not in consensus will receive no payments. Iota was created to facilitate the payments for qubic.
@_date: 2019-05-23 13:54:24
Sue them in federal court. Once they start getting lawsuits forcing them to explain their activities, they will stop banning people
@_date: 2019-05-22 12:13:33
So, I get what you are saying, but after reading your post it feels like you don't understand how the tangle works at all. You keep referring to the need for the base layer to be open for all. The base layer for iota is open for all. You can download the software and start up an iota node just like you can start a bitcoin node. 
The second thing you said is that it would never work because some fintech company would migrate trading bots to the network, and the spam from those trading bots would slow the network down. I think you fundamentally misunderstand the architecture of the tangle here. The reason I am pro iota is that this situation would be the BEST possible situation for iota. If some big company decided to push transactions to the tangle at some horrible overclocked amount, lets say 10,000 tps. No other crypto except maybe a fully realized ethereum could handle that data flow. But iota can, and the only reason it can is that its not a blockchain. It's not even a sharded blockchain. It does not care about transaction ordering within its own data structure. You can certainly impose transaction ordering, and people use timestamps to track it but this means that it can run asynchronously across the entire world. 
The tangle structure in a chinese node will be different than the tangle structure of an american node, but the entire set of transactions in both nodes added to the database of addresses with balances will be the same for both nodes. Also, the tangle is destroyed every couple of days asynchronously across every device. 
And finally, PoW coins have no economic advantage over none PoW coins, and several disadvantages. First, the value of the coin comes from its scarcity and utility. Not how much it costs to mine. We can see that easily from the big price bubbles in btc. Speculative money comes in, the price leads the cost of mining, and then the price collapses, and hashrate drops off. 
The only leg up btc has is that it is the first mover. From a pure economic standpoint, coins with no block reward have no inflation. That is another reason I like iota. Now, iota certainly does not have as much utility as btc. I can't live off iota yet. But that day will get here eventually with all the partnerships that are driving iota wallet creation for numerous parties forward. 
Bitcoin in my opinion will become the world reserve currency. People will settle in bitcoin like they settle today in gold. Bitcoin will also become inordinately expensive to do daily transactions on. I look forward to the day 1 satoshi= 1 dollar, however on that day even with 1 sat fees it will be too expensive to purchase anything in the 5-6 dollar range. Iota was designed to buy and sell data in the subpenny range. Btc simply can't compete at that level if it gets expensive enough. I look at iota like how I looked at bitcoin in 2012. It is a speculative investment, and if it pays off it will be wonderful, but first and foremost it is an elegant beautiful piece of software, and you should love it not for its price but for its elegance. 
I didn't buy and hodl bitcoin in 2012. I admired it, I but traded it a little bit, and I wrote up some code in college that did a transaction on the chain. I didn't hodl, and I deeply regret that. I will not make that mistake again, but I also know that I cannot see the future and I am not smart enough to predict what bitcoin or any other cryptos price will be in ten years. That is why I try to buy and hodl a little bit from each crypto. Sure, in ten years most of them will be worth less than a dogecoin, but those that do succeed will be elegant, well integrated payment solutions with lots of partnerships. I see btc, iota, neo, tron, monero and a handful of others being able to do it. The other thing we need to worry about is quantum computing being used to raid old inactive wallets. Satoshis billions are sitting on the blockchain unsecured against a quantum attack, and the attacker has all the time in the world. If satoshis wallets started dumping on the market today, what would that do to the price? Of all the cryptos out there, Iota and QRL are the only ones taking quantum security seriously. 
Neither of us know what the future will hold. However, you are far more certain of the future than I am, and I think that is a mark of hubris. You think you know, but you don't. None of us know, and none of us can know the future, but to ignore the fact that we cannot know what will happen and to not diversify and instead put all your eggs in one basket and say for others to do the same is risky. I think there will be places in the world and niches in the cryptoeconomy for all cryptocurrencies and most of the big ones will find a place. I am ok with not making maximum returns, so long as I get decent returns. If you are too greedy in the cryptoworld you touch the moon before getting pulled back down to earth with your entire portfolio :P
@_date: 2019-05-22 13:27:49
Not exactly sure why you don't believe the tangle's claims if you have reviewed how they do what they do when it comes to scalability. I would say if you think the claims are too good to be true to go review the code yourself, and do the math yourself. I read the iota code, and I think that their system can deliver on the theoretical promises. I say theoretical because to date, the highest we have ever got is 300tps and that was the iota foundation pushing a big stress test in conjunction with the community. We ran out of hashpower to sign transactions before we ran out of tangle bandwidth to receive them. :P Of course, despite this being all very promising it won't be tested really until we get some big companies to sign on that can push 10,000 tps as part of daily operations, but given how hashpower exponentially increases bandwidth for iota, I don't see any reason why iota couldn't handle that.
Iota solved quantum security with the use of winternitz one time signatures, it's the reason why every time that you spend from an iota address, it becomes invalid for reuse.
@_date: 2019-05-22 03:44:24
I will name several things bitcoin cannot do. Bitcoin (even with lightning) cannot run truly feeless transactions, and bitcoin cannot resist a true quantum computer attack against older addresses that have sent from their wallet.  Also, bitcoin currently has none of ethereum's smart contract capability. This is not saying it won't in the future, but it is saying that right now, ethereum is much more powerful than btc in computing terms. Lastly, bitcoin is not private. It is pseudo anonymous and once your identity is linked, law enforcement can see and track every satoshi you send. So much for censorship resistance when men with guns can bust down your door because your btc wallet was flagged for donating to wikileaks, or some other politically undesirable organization.   
What can do these things?  
Iota, Nano - blazing fast transaction speeds  
Iota, QRL - quantum resistant ledgers.   
Iota - data storage with decentralized sharded nodes (much more data than either btc or eth can hold btw)  
Ethereum - kickass smart contracts.   
Monero - fungible private currency.  
What is bitcoin good for?   
BTC - benchmark store of value. Nothing more.
@_date: 2019-05-23 00:04:25
In my opinion, the only tech that is more advanced or complex is the next version of eth coming out with the beacon chain and the child chains. That is so complex, it is a work of mathematical and logical beauty.
@_date: 2019-05-22 03:39:34
I agree with the sentiment, however as a coder who has examined some of the codebases of projects I invest in, I am happy to say I trust the codebase of iota, and ethereum as well as btc. I haven't reviewed any other projects at a code level, so i can't speak to them.