@_author: gi_x_jack
@_date: 2017-08-06 20:10:22


As opposed to calling people stupid for disagreeing with you. You're also confusing "intellect" for agreeing with your misinformed opinion.




So technically all countries on earth which allow easy emigration in fact have no rulers, because you can quit? Because its the exact same thing.
As soon as you have unlimited private property, you've made rulers out of property owners.
@_date: 2017-08-06 20:59:32


nope, they can't. They can make you pay money before you leave though.


breach of contract? sure. They can also take back all the company tools they gave you. Of course you're going to tell me "company tools", but that is semantics. If you live in a country, than everything in that country is owned by the government to some degree, and the rest is semantics
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:44:42
Only if you're using definitions of words made up by libertarian/ancaps, who are already prone to re-defining words as they see fit.
Libertarian, Socialist, and Bitcoin can be very compatible if you've actually read anything any of them actually said without devolving into base insults based on what your own propaganda says about them.
@_date: 2017-08-04 16:16:09


CONTEXT. CONTEXT IS EVERYTHING.
When talking about Anarchist with a capital A as in a proper noun to describe a political ideology, it has always been understood this to mean socialist. All Anarchist groups in history have been socialist.
When Murray Rothbard coined "Anarcho-Capitalist", he did so knowing full well that Anarchism meant socialism, and he just wanted to fuck with the socialists.
@_date: 2017-08-06 00:39:14


What? Why would you use those words together?


I'd have you believe that words do in fact have meanings. Just because you do not like such a thing does not mean you can change the meaning of its word. I am not compelling you to be a socialist, merely pointing out that the word "Anarchism" with a capital A in the context of "political ideas" refers to a somewhat specific socialist idea.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:10:28
If words do not have meanings, whats the point of having them?
Furthermore, you cannot have "no ruler" and capitalism. That is a contradiction. The act of private property is the act of having a ruler. Perhaps in the most abstract theory no, but once you have a land lord, you infact have a ruler.
edit: you can get around this by saying "Well, you consented to live in his apartment", but that is no diffrent than saying you consented to live in the country you do now, so you really don't have a leader either.
@_date: 2017-08-07 18:36:36


This is semantics. If you have monopoly on violence you are in fact a state.


They control turf, they charge rent in the form of taxes, what is really the diffrence?


On its territory. A capitalist property own would claim the same on their own property.
What is and is not legitimate?
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:42:59
Only in the USA, and mostly on the internet do capitalists use the term "Anarchist" to describe themselves. I don't care how much they whine about "not really anarchy", even if they knew that Anarchism was always a socialist movement, and that they're attempt to steal the word is a purposeful thing to dis that community.
But this is American where the conservative party's color is "red" and the left party is "blue"
@_date: 2017-08-07 18:50:59


I don't understand how that applies. I am only asking why government property claim is not legitimate, and a private claim is legitimate. I am also asking a theoretical diffrence. before populist republics, countries where merely the land possessions of kings and princes. Again, more private property.


No, I'm going to ask how you got your land, and how your property is defined, and what is the ultimate root to that property. You obviously bought it from someone, and who is the original property owner and how did they get it.
But now that you ask, is squatting an act of aggression that warrants violence? Are people who wander on your property subject to your laws you made up? If so, you are in fact a government, a sovereign, and just playing word games.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:39:18


Exactly, their property. You used it, but its ultimately controlled by someone else.
Now comes the mind games.


Actually no, its their money, it was always there money. Governments in effect own everything, and you only own things under the government. Its exactly how governments have operated since the dawn of time.
You're making the assumption that your definition of property is taken for granted, when its the subject of debate.
A government merely acts as a landlord in an anarch-capitalist state. They own everything. You are making the case they should not exist, but they exist right now.


The irony is biting. There has never been an anarcho-capitalist society, never will, and if there was, if it doesn't degenerate into either having a government, or be taken over in weeks, you will be lucky. The rest, from Social Democrats, Nationalists, even more traditional liberals, Socialists and yes, even left Anarchists have all had states and societies that where at least by some measures working. You are the loser. You will never accomplish anything except being a concern troll.
Right now, all over the world is ruled by governments. I don't see any winners in the anarch-capitalist camp.
@_date: 2017-08-04 16:14:12
I don't understand how bitcoin is related to the NAP