@_author: gian_doe
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:37:51
And you're making those things up out of thin air with no sources or examples.
Respectfully, I don't think it's worth the time to discuss something which exists solely in your own mind any longer.  If you have something substantive to speak to that isn't a baseless opinion, let me know.
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:01:39




Your logic is about the same as someone who says they're just as right about God existing because people can't prove he doesn't.  As far as I'm aware this only exists in your mind, unless you have some sources saying otherwise.
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:04:15
Yes, I'm sure disowning his adopted granddaughter shows this is totally just a media-persona he puts on... 
Think about that for a second.
@_date: 2014-04-04 17:50:01
Should be originally not original, updated it.  Thanks for the heads up!
@_date: 2014-04-04 17:30:23
Not sure what you meant but when I originally read your comment I was expecting a pretty nasty article.  But that's not what I read.
Buffett is notorious for living relatively frugally for his wealth and shuns any attention given to it, preferring to live as normal as possible.  They go over this in the article you posted, the kids even went to public schools.  He does everything he can to push the philosophy on his family that they aren't special because of their wealth.
Then she goes and does an interview, about their private lives, in a documentary about very wealthy people.  I can understand how that would be considered an extreme betrayal by someone he trusted.
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:29:56
The point is it's not trivial to him, it's one of the core things about his personality.  If she really cared about him she'd have known going on Oprah to discuss his wealth, and doing an interview about his wealth in a documentary, goes against everything he believes in and everything he tried to teach her from the time she was a little kid.
I don't expect everyone to empathize, it's an exceptional situation almost nobody will ever experience.  But if she truly cared about him she wouldn't have done that to him.
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:51:06
First, she's not related to him.  Second, this is literally what he spent her entire childhood trying to impress upon her.  One of the most important things to him.
If your grandparents spent your entire childhood teaching you how much they hate violence, and how violence makes them more upset than almost anything in the world, then you grew up and decided to become a fighter on national tv, that would be the biggest fuck you imaginable.
Now just imagine if their hatred of violence was publicly known, and you did it in the public spotlight for everyone to see the blatant "fuck you" message you're sending to them, it would compound it even further.
Fuck him?  No, fuck *her*.   If she gave a shit about him she'd know that was the one thing she should have *never* done.
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:37:18
The article I originally replied to explains things pretty well.  Scroll up brother.
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:43:43
Yes, I have seen the documentary.  And the guy is one of the richest people in the world, that's to be expected to some degree.  He doesn't try to hide that shit, you're talking out of your ass.
In fact, he made a big deal out of the fact that he finally bought a private jet after years of flying commercial because it was an outlier in his typically modest life.  At the end of the day the guy is still, off and on, the richest person on the planet.  Living modestly for him is a lot different than living modestly for most everyone on the planet.
While there are countless articles and interviews from people who know him that confirm it's no act, there's not one single source which suggests it isn't.  Aside from the anonymous musings by someone who has presumably never met him in a random reddit thread.