@_author: gichiba
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:30:17
Question about the future of bitcoin:
It seems like you guys are the most 'centralized' entity in the whole bitcoin economy. Since Bitcoin is based around the philosophy of 'decentralization', to what extent to you feel like your business undermines the core philosophy of a decentralized, crypto-currency? Do you think that large, powerful 'escrow' entities are necessary for bitcoin to exist along with currencies backed by a central bank authority like USD and HKD (at least in the near future)?
Thanks, 
@_date: 2013-04-12 10:20:09
The recent hype has certainly put bitcoins back on my radar. Distributed, crypto-currency is only going to become more valuable, and it will increase in value/popularity as long as Moore's law remains true. Bitcoins are literally a currency minted from complexity itself. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:40:57
As OP, I also should note that I think gambling in Macau is hella fun and would recommend it to any Bitcoin enthusiast. I also recommend it to Bitcoin skeptics because they need to live a little. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:42:43
The only problem is that the internet isn't really *nowhere*, it's within nation states. Your server, although accessible from everywhere in the world, lives in New York. Yeah, you could change your hosting and move to a new server, but that sever is also going to be in a country somewhere. Until the internet itself is decentralized, you can't really have a geographically independent corporate body. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:08:08
awww, bitcoinbillionaire hasn't tipped anybody in the thread for posting short, positive comment replies. dang. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:38:02
I thought it was interesting, given all the attention China has been receiving as the driver of the market price. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 09:35:49
I don't think that it would really solve any basic human problems (like war, as many are saying), but it *certainly* would disrupt the way nation-states conduct their business. 
Without the ability to control the flow of inter-national money, powerful tools of leverage like economic sanctions and trade tariffs would be completely nerfed. Countries would have to resort to the physical control of goods crossing existing borders, which is a losing battle already. The very idea of an isolated national economy would just sort of fade away. 
I'm not convinced that would be a *bad* thing in the long, run, but the transition to such a hypothetical future would be rocky. In fact, in many scenarios it could make things much much worse. Groups of people with long-standing conflicts based on politics, religion, ethnicity, etc. who found it hard to buy and sell arms because of economic controls imposed by the 'powerful' nations would suddenly have a free and clear way to send and receive money. 
Meanwhile, in the 'powerful' nations, the richest citizens, having total anonymity and security with their estate, could simply decide to never disclose their incomes or pay taxes. Systems of social welfare that depend on a dis-proportionate taxation from the upper tiers of society would collapse. 
All this would happen, and yet people would still need to be constantly building and maintaining the massive internet infrastructure needed to handle all the economic activity that currently exists in fiat, goods/services, and in exchange markets. No small feat, and since the most powerful economic entities in the world (Nations) would have lost their basic income footing (taxes), another powerful economic entity would have to step in. Enter Google, the first distributed corporate nation-state. 
Just go read Neal Stephenson's 'Snow Crash' followed by 'The Diamond Age'. Even if you don't think Bitcoin could make all that happen, read them anyways, because they're fantastic books and you will be entertained.  