@_author: gildedlink
@_date: 2015-12-27 20:21:00


But in pragmatic terms that's as misleading as saying for example:


Would you then suggest storing all money in the form of gift cards?  It is still money after all.  If not, then why should bitcoin.org be pressured to offer advertisement to something similar as if it were an acceptable way to save your money?  Bitcoin either gets treated like a currency with all the liquidity and freedom that entails or it doesn't, in which case it's disingenuous to pretend it's somehow comparable to a currency.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:18:10
presumably the financial incentive days of such an attack are long gone, but the repercussions on confidence in the currency itself would be pretty staggering.  You wouldn't see many private actors willing to shell that kind of money out for a gambit like that, but state actors could almost certainly push strategy around it.
@_date: 2014-02-27 21:16:51
Does this mean dogecoin users were in on the conspiracy the whole time?  The moon is apparently thinking small, but it's still the same direction.
@_date: 2014-10-26 08:27:26
That's a fantastic security model for something you need to store without touching for a long time.  It also leaves your currency far from useful when it comes to getting a load of bread somewhere.  It's not pragmatic to store money this way if you plan, or depend, on actually using that money.  That is why this type of pressure on a person works so effectively, because the standard credit/bank/cash models are currently extremely liquid and therefore extremely easy to control through regulation.  It's not by coincidence, it's by design, and it presents a vector of attack to everyone's day to day financial health in the meantime.  Governments are patient and they don't have a stomach.
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:08:25
Gavin himself is cited in the article as not knowing any personal details and conducting the entire working relationship with Satoshi in pseudonymity exclusively through the forums and email.  I'd be really wary of taking a tweet that probably just equates to 'wow, that's really fucked what you did to that family' and turning it into an affirmation of identity.
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:33:25
No, comments like **yours** don't help.  Nobody has bothered posing the question you are here because it's a fool's errand.  Neither is invulnerable, a solid understanding of the limitations of each in a security model is necessary.  One is a company legally required to work with them to infiltrate whatever they want.  The other is a software chain running on a hardware platform that in a vast majority of cases is controlled by a company that is legally required to work with them to infiltrate whatever they want.  Not only that, the idea that individual developers can't be served an NSL to prevent commenting on sudden suspicious source commits is absurd.  Open source just gives you a better shot at catching this shit, there are no inherent guarantees and if anything you should be MORE vigilant in such an environment because now you not only have to worry about a poisoned well, you have extra pressure on trusted servers and package signatures for updates.
@_date: 2016-06-19 21:56:01
They're not mutually exclusive.  If they were, "trust but verify" wouldn't be a phrase.  The IMF may be talking about the trust that such a technology enables and encourages between both parties of a transaction, or they could be talking about the trust that others will actively use and infrastructurally support the resulting cryptocurrency and thereby pin a market value to it that isn't generated based on regulatory frameworks or material scarcity alone.
@_date: 2012-02-05 18:07:13
I think I remember the original questionnaire thread XD
@_date: 2011-11-05 21:03:05
That's a damn good point.  Consider me sufficiently schooled.
@_date: 2011-11-05 18:57:35
the best offline wallet will always be a usb drive and truecrypt.  However, you've thrown me off here- you're saying it's possible to transfer the coins to another digital wallet?  I thought the key on the coin was a public key/wallet address (just to verify balance), and that the private key was destroyed or lost (in other words, permanently frozen from transaction in digital space).
  If it's possible to take the balance they represent and use it digitally again, I no longer have any valid complaints since the rate of transaction can be variable, not just 1BTC or bust.  I was concerned the coins could be used as a separate, forced way of adding more artificial scarcity to the BTC economy.
@_date: 2011-11-05 18:31:47
I'm just concerned that it's going to lead to a wider trend.  You're absolutely right in that merchants want to adopt the lowest common denominator of change for reliability, and offering physical coins as an option seems appealing, but the mathematics are designed to take advantage of the virtual nature of bitcoin.
  Even 1% of 21 million is a fairly big deal in a world with (now) 7 billion people, especially with the aim to push this into world economy (which is the only reason businesses will adopt anyway).  BTC's natural resilience comes in the form of how divisible it is, since it's a pure number.  Locking 1 full BTC in one indivisible account so early is locking up what is potentially a very large, not-so-equitable sum of wealth (in the future) from the rest of the market.  The inability to divide/redistribute that wealth naturally (spending on normal things) only works against a free market.
If people today want to save such a large amount of money in their own wallets, free to spend it later, that's a totally different, valid thing.  But the idea of keeping a full bitcoin completely frozen from the rest of the digital economy, in the name of initial convenience, is introducing something that seems ripe for exploitation by others.
@_date: 2011-09-14 17:38:34
While I agree with the spirit of your response I beg to differ with your generalizations sir, if I traded you some delicious cocaine for a service I doubt the courts would consider it legal tender or transaction.
I'm not trying to troll, your point is totally valid within the constraints of unregulated (or legally regulated) substances and goods.
@_date: 2011-11-05 15:48:13
something really concerns me about the casascius coins and similar ideas.  The concept is pretty cool, but from what I understand it's predicated on the idea that a solid, indivisible unit of 1 bitcoin will always remain in the same wallet.  Even if there's physical transaction surrounding it, it doesn't seem like a great idea to permanently take 1BTC out of a digital circulation of only 21 million.  BTC's natural defense against inflationary and deflationary spirals is it's hard limit and how divisible the unit is.  The idea of turning a bitcoin into a permanently physical asset, at least the way it is, destroys both of those advantages.
@_date: 2015-04-03 20:10:36
Snowden outrage itself aside, this is as much an action against Wikileaks.  It formalizes the actions taken by private US industry against them following cablegate and allows the government to persecute anyone who engages in financial support of Wikileaks for "national security" reasons.  It's also probably partial 'cover my ass'ology regarding all the actions taken against Kim Dotcom's property seizure.
@_date: 2016-05-03 14:41:51
It was actually a lot more specific than that, it was 'show me movement of the coins from the genesis block.'  We know those specific 50 coins were mined straight to Satoshi and haven't ever been spent/moved, so spending those coins would be as high a threshold of proof as signing something else with the genblock key.
@_date: 2013-03-15 14:18:35
Kickstarter's payments work entirely on the premise that they can autocharge upon hitting the goal.  Bitcoin can't do automatic charges, transactions are initiated on the payer side and not the payee side.  Unless some third party service existed whereby you could temporarily send the funds and they'd be released to the payer or the project depending on project end, I don't see bitcoins as being the ideal currency for this type of site.
@_date: 2013-06-15 15:32:27
[This one was even better]( they led the guy to Darfur and let him hang out there for a while.