@_author: gimmemy2dollars
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:23:18
I am hoping that is just a technical glitch, or that they will deposit a reasonable amount of coin into my account. I'd rather that actually. They are going through explosive growth, however, this kind of glitch is pretty bad. 
I went through the dispution process with my bank, part of it is calling the vendor, which they had a # for, but it was just a recording telling you to go to online support. I stopped payment on that charge, until I can get some response or resolution.
I have been a happy customer of coinbase for 6 months, never had an issue, and I am not damming them. But this type of glitch should not happen and it should be resolved relatively quickly given the parameters. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 16:17:04
Well, I guess you are the only ones who MAY listen to my honest complaint. I have spoken with CorgiDad and he said he would get back with me, which he never did.
I did finally get a response from coinbase support on the 7th stating that they agree and can see where the coins were sent back to them from my account and stated they were not sure what happened, but they would get back to me. No word since. I have sent several emails asking for support to no avail. I also disputed the charge with my bank and had it reversed. Shortly thereafter, I received another email stating they have canceled my order and they charged my account AGAIN! 
So now I have to go back to the bank and explain this to them to get my $417 back again that coinbase was already refunded once and charged me twice.
Now I understand they are beyond busy as well as fending off attackers, ner-do-wells, theives, etc. But I am none of those. I was a happy, supportive customer for almost a year, then this all started happening. But this is not right. I am sure I am small potatoes in their eyes, but it is the potatoes that make the stew, and I am pretty freaking stewed! Especially after they send me an email acknowledging this was an error on their end. 
Its not the amount of complaints about coinbase, its the fact they are not addressing the ones they have. I am not sure what else to do. If wants to get back involved, I would love some assistance. I can provide emails and screen shots of my account that clearly show what happened. 
1. Ordered X Bitcoins from coinbase through my verified account.
2. My bank account ended up being around $30 short once the transfer hit.
3. Coinbase removed the same amount of BTC from my account 5 days later. 
4. 2.5 months later, I see a charge on my account for $417 from coinbase. I immediately emailed support. After denying the charge and a few more emails, I get the response that they see the issue and they will correct it.
5. After the charge was officially denied by my bank, they charged it again.
I am not here to slam coinbase, I just need help fixing this issue. This is not a small amount of money to me. 