@_author: gimme_the_loot
@_date: 2013-12-14 04:48:22
Browsing through posts and seeing you respond to this one gives me a lot of hope. If my situation works out like this guys I'll be making a post just like his! 
@_date: 2013-12-22 13:53:02
Yea the whole email them and they'll honor it thing isn't really true. This is my expirence with Coinbase and a "high risk" transaction:
I bought BTC during the previous crash ~3 weeks ago. The day it was supposed to hit my account I got an email it was high risk and being cancelled. I emailed Coinbase to find out why and found a Coinbase employee on Reddit who I PM'd directly.  On Reddit he replied to me and started tellig me the problem was my account wasnt fully verified (but when I asked why would you allow transactions at all when theyre unverified if theyre just going to be cancelled I never got a real answer) and told me if I took care of ALL the verification steps MAYBE my transaction would be restarted. The only replies I got from support were the guy from Reddit replying to me who I had gotten in touch with through Reddit first so take that as you will.  After doing full verification I'm told "ok, I'll see what I can do to get it restarted." ~2 days go by and I haven't heard anything yet so I email support for an update. Nothing. Another day or two go by and I PM the guy from Reddit to see what's up and he tells me "I'm not providing Coinbase support though here anymore." And basically tells me to F off. No replies from support 
I was able to buy BTC for an even lower price last week after the crash and I've never heard anything back from Coinbase again about my canceled transaction. So on theory it kind of worked out in my favor pricewise but overall a horrible horrible expirence in interacting with their company.  I still havent gotten the BTC from that purchase yet either (made last Monday) so I guess we'll see if it actually goes through or not tomorrow when it is supposed to hit my account. 
Unless significant changes are made in the way they interact with customers (they're not an exchange so thats what we are really - their customers) I honestly never want to do business with them again. I heard a lot of people say if you email them they'll honor the purchase price which gave me a lot of hope but my personal expirence was completely contrary.  
@_date: 2013-12-22 14:40:21
Good luck out there
@_date: 2013-12-22 14:07:54
Personal expirence : Had cancelled transaction. No replies ever from support except from someone I found on reddit after I was frustrated from last of reply from support. Was told if I did ffull verification I MIGHT get my buy price honored. Did full verification and never got aa reply from support again. Hit up guy on Reddit again and he said I'm not doing Coinbase Support here anymore just email support Never got a reply from support Maybe some people got their situations worked out but I felt mine was ignored from day one. Maybe they can say some dolphins get caught when were going after tuna and we'll make it right when we do but that never happened for me.  Not trying to throw dirt on their name but saying yea it'll always be worked out if you email them is just flat out untrue. Maybe it'll be different as they grow but this was all within the last few weeks. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:55:28
Really good info thank you. I actually wasn't aware you could buy it in pieces. I guess I was picturing it more like stock units. I know it has seen tremendous increase in worth recently so is it worth getting in now or waiting for a (potential) dip to try and get my money to go further? Can you recommend any good resources for projections? 