@_author: gincoin
@_date: 2018-03-12 15:27:49
This made me laugh and cry at the same time. For both good and bad reasons. John Oliver makes a good point, but also some mistakes along the way.
1) Comparing blockchain to Google Glasses is misleading. People have been making wrong "predictions" since the beginning of time (
2) Focusing on the (funny, yet sad) bro culture around some of the coins  is again detrimental; you are less likely to entertain a thought that  has been presented in a light that makes you hate it; not that people  should love crypto - but they should keep an open mind when discussing  news
3) Arguing that  has no intrinsic (inherent?)  value is again misleading - what value is there in a tweet? Or in a  sheet of music? Right now, Bitcoin itself has value - it serves as a  payment gateway for a set of assets. Regardless of those assets' value,  Bitcoin is a means of paying for them. Just like Riot Points are worth  something because you can buy stuff with them in League of Legends.
3)  Mocking the bitcoin conference f*** up (when they stopped taking BTC as  payment) is again misleading. That can happen to fiat as well - just  look at Venezuela. Different causes, same result - a currency loses  value and people don't want it.
4) It is unjust to blame the  issues crypto is facing now on the devs alone; similar things have  happened during the dotcom bubble and should surprise nobody - if  legislation doesn't keep up with technology, some people will be  assholes just because they can. This doesn't mean the tech is bad. It  means people suck and you should take informed decisions whenever  playing with money.
All in all, investing in crypto  should be identical to investing in a Kickstarter project - check out  the founder's backgrounds, see if there's something valuable there and  only risk what you can afford to lose. That's what he should have ended  with (and did, in a way).
Also, what's the deal with him always mocking his own face? He isn't ugly IMHO...