@_author: gio_1984
@_date: 2018-01-31 14:34:23
sorry for my late reply, have been off reddit since a while. Localbitcoins.com locked my BTC withouth telling me anything, I just found out accidentally because I tried to withdraw them at some stage and after I did not use my account for a while. When I opened my account I asked support if I could open an anonymous account and they said it was possible as long as i was not using the funds for illegal purposes or they did not have any suspicions I would do some illegal activity. After I used my coins for some purchases online in the first months I bought the coins I did not use my account for a long time (6 months +) and I was accessing it with a tor or VPN (as I was at the start to maintain my anonymity) just to monitor it but no use of coins was made. After I found out that the coins were locked I opened a support ticket and they replied after 11-12 days. The admin on reddit advised me (after several messsages and a threat to claim losses on profits at the magistrate of court in NY - USA) to prepare and attach to the support ticket some pictures and some other documents to verify my account. They still did not provide any reasons of why they locked my coins though, but I did not ask specifically. I believe they would say "we suspected fraudolent activity and we wanted to protect you because of different IP addresses access to your account bla bla bla..." same story with all the corporations. I am about to go into a fight at the EU because of losses of profit with another trading exchange which withhold unfairly my EUR once I transferred them into my trading account. They will not win in court if you go ahead and sue them. Bitfinex's bank has already received a supina because of some shit they did (did not follow the full story). Anyway long story short, put everything black on white, keep a detailed and chronological order of all your emails and their replpies (phone calls too if you deal over the phone) then bring everything to a court of law and explain your reasons, you do not need a lawyer only a brain and be able to read. Cheers, Gio.
@_date: 2017-12-10 03:27:03
Ok So 10 days have passed by. Max has replied to me a few times being quite helpful. He also updated the localbitcoins.com website support page by inserting a totally different warning on support tickets processing time, after I pointed out to him that their previous warning disclaimed "up to 4 days". He also recommended me to submit a few ID documents, from a picture of me holding my computer with the locked account open to the support ticket page visible, to the driver's licence and stat dec signed by me saying I am the holder of this account. Now, the outcome of this issue still is unresolved by localbitcoins.com support. Since I have gathered some knowledge by myself online I am happy to share it with all of you should anybody have the same problem in the future. Basically localbitcoins.com is a company registered in Finland and it looks like the magistrate of court for civil claims and the legal aid are quite helpful, you can refer to the links below.
Of course I am happy to give localbitcoins.com the benefit of the doubt and wait another full week unitl 15.12.17 for my funds to be unlocked (it will then be 15 full days since my first opening of the ticket). I am trying to be more patient than I usually am but after that date I will file an application with the relevant authority for enforcing Localbitcoins.com to unlock my funds. Hope this helps.
@_date: 2017-12-10 03:30:03
Max I am concerned here, have you updated my ticket and put it back up in the queue ? Please let me know Urgently I really need to withdraw these coins because of my financial circumstances at the moment, thanks for helping out.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:32:36
ACCC That is what I was looking for ! Thanks a lot, you are the only one here who was able to give me a helpful answer.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:18:40
Hi I am not trying to sue anyone here, if I were I have my lawyer and I would have already done it. I am trying to gather some knowledge with regard to Government organizations / independent bodies that can help me out in the future if the circumstances are against me.
I would rather gain knowledge in time than be sorry later. 
Again, sorry if my thread sounded different from what it actually is.
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:45:35
Does not matter, if SA does not require 100 point of ID then my point is even more confirmed. Banks are not spitting verification requirements in different levels anyway, this approach of verifying customers and allowing them to access their funds would not stand in any court trust me.
But all good I am not going to make a big deal about it as all the exchanges seem to adopt this unfair way of dealing with their customers but if anyone filed a lawsuit those exchanges would really get in trouble for this, not only Luno but also other exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:30:59
Indeed I do not have any troubles in verifying my ID but at the same time I specifically opened a ticket at the very start of my account asking if it was legitimate to have a non-identified account. This was responded clearly with what I stated above in my post. I understand regulations and laws changes and I am more than happy to comply but the fact that I bought this currency in 2015 when it was cheaper and it has now transformed in a much higher capital should not be the reasoning behind the locking of the account, especially when I am in need of it.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:16:32
I am just very organized and I want to be informed before hand especially with such a delicate topic. I have never mentioned that I am going to sue them in my thread I only mentioned that I would have appreciated some advise. Thanks anyway you may be right about my incompetence.
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:57:54
Yes, agree. Another thing is that I have recorded a detailed video where I can access my account therefore I believe they would not be able to justify the freezing of your funds as they please. They must have valid reasons behind it. My idea is that the Magistrate of court of the country where their business activity is to be judged (if any disputes arise), will definitely evaluate their reasons, the customer reasons and decide what is fair to do accordingly.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:54:52
Hi, I am definitely not thinking that lawsuits are good for anything. But I do believe in getting myself knowledgeable and ready to enforce a lawsuit if I cannot pursue any other methods to achieve what I believe it is fair.
Sometimes asking a question does not mean there is the intention of actually pursuing that way. But I am a strong believer that the more (and the earlier) I prepare myself to any topic, the more I will benefit in the circumstances that I will be forced to apply it in the future.
I hope this makes sense.
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:46:18
Hi there.
No, that does not help, but you do actually CONFIRM my point (quite funny). i was home loan specialist for a while and I know for a fact that ALL BANKS require 100 Pint of ID at the opening of any financial instrument with them (credit card / bank account etc...). Once they have approved your 100 point of ID customers are allowed to trade (generally speaking) with them and use their financial instruments (cash deposits etc..). Banks will never require additional proof of Identification when you have to cash out your funds and you have access to your funds almost at any time (except closing days etc..). In particular they have NOT 2 or even 3 different level of Identification after they have allowed customers to deposit their cash and trade with them in general.
I hope that explain my point more, 
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:32:52
thanks, appreciate it mate.
@_date: 2017-12-10 03:28:51
Am I overreacting now ? I think I should actually overreact because it has been 10 bloody days and nothing has happened!!!
@_date: 2017-12-14 10:50:01
Hi all Max has been quite helpful and finally I got my bitcoins unlocked ! Thanks max although I still think that you should put in practice some sort of extra help for you guys if you are getting smashed. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:42:20
Hi, I am sorry to hear. It is very frustrating.
Write to Max on Reddit and he will try to unlock them for you.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:40:43
No, This is incorrect. The fact that I would like TO KNOW HOW to sue an online services company does NOT mean that I am willing to sue them either now or in the future. Again, I am only trying to gather some knowledge in advance but I see that no one knows anything about how to enforce this legally should I find myself in the position to actually put this in practice to in the future. And thanks for reminding me, I had replied to him.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:19:22
Again, I am not gonna sue them, this is not even mentioned in the post. All I am doing at this stage is gathering knowledge. Sorry again if I touched a sore point.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:13:39
Hey guys sorry if I came up a little too straighforward on this but I am really worried since having 10k worth of wealth in my coins and not being able of withdrawing them is a bit deal for some people.
Not everyone has the same financial conditions and the possibility to have these coins withdrawn can really make a difference in my life at the moment. 
I did not want to say that I am going to sue localbitoins.com but in the circumstances that my case is not taken seriously and withing certain time frames, I just wanted to have some advise on what to do in the future and preparing myself. There is a lot of gray areas around this and no one has a straight forward answer therefore I want to be prepared legally. I hope this makes sense.
If a solution is found withing a reasonable timeframe then I am more than happy to share my experience, sorry if this sounded as a way to sue localbitcoins.com. My goal was only a way to be informed over what is the law around this. Cheers,
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:54:24
thanks a lot revolut seems great unfortunately I am based in Australia :(
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:10:26
I would like to do the opposite actually in order to avoid 3 business days to receive the money into the bitstamp account. Does anyone know if it is possible to use transferwise in order to deposit funds into bitstamp? Cheers,
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:23:56
Hi Max, no problem at all, I understand. I would have put my heart at peace if I knew that the time frames were much higher than what reported in localbitcoins.com and that the support only works during weekdays, trading hours. I have no issues at all in verifying my identity. I always have accessed the account with TOR and VPN but I really do not understand what suspicious activities localbitcoins.com may have detected. All good then, I will wait 7 more business days for the support team to seek information about my identity, hopefully they will reply sooner.
Gio