@_author: gippergopperchopper
@_date: 2015-09-30 15:22:59
Interesting. Though, it seems to me that there can be intrinsic utility, of sorts. For example, imagine a stream running through a forest, where a large tree falls and plugs the river, creating a small marshland where the river then continues on, would that tree not be inherently utilitarian - creating habitat, of sorts? 
@_date: 2015-11-02 18:21:25
Ah, hmmm ... 
@_date: 2015-11-05 14:46:28
The way he talks about the DoJ is kind of reminiscent of someone who feels they are a part of it or an arm of it. Not saying that's whole-sale bad or inaccurate, but says a lot. I may be reading too much into it, but who knows? 
I think that if he were really knowledgeable or interested in the technology or truly interested in helping out the world's poor and disenfranchised, he'd talk way more positively about it. 
Anyway, let's all take a lesson from this and remember this sort of thing in the future when we get older or caught up in whatever career we may end up in.   
@_date: 2015-11-02 18:23:54
Thanks for this!
@_date: 2015-10-24 20:40:29
This is a good discussion and exchange here. I think that there is some exaggeration, as you elucidate, but as another poster pointed out, mission creep and fiat-iron-fists are something to factor in and understand. It's unusual, to say the least, to have these law enforcement departments so interested in an internet protocol that benefits the majority of people on the planet in tangible and positive manners. Should make one wonder what the motives are here. 
@_date: 2015-11-02 18:20:45
Well, I think hand-counting of votes is a great idea, all in all. I guess it'd be nice to have a verifiable back-up, too.  
@_date: 2015-10-27 21:14:08
Let's say an average user wanted to evaluate the "honesty" of the code. Other than understanding code, are there any resources out there to better evaluate something like this to insure we or the user aren't being duped? 
@_date: 2015-10-27 13:53:34
**What's everyone's thoughts on the US's internet legislation *being voted on today* - CISA?** This is the sort of thing (fairly similar) that CISA will allow or do - basically, making private organizations arms/branches of the government in internet tracking, information passing, and surveillance (at least how I've interpreted - some may argue). 
It's argued by the proposers of the legislation (of which are questionable when it comes to voting records and the such) that the scanning and passing of data to government agencies is "totally, 100% voluntary." But we know that's utter fucking bullshit when the companies in question are *huge* business partners and contractors with said government.
Thoughts? Concerns? Criticisms? 
P.S. Read and learn about CISA - call your representative if you're in the US and let them know your thoughts on this if it's something you deem worthy.
P.P.S. Thanks for the story OP!    
@_date: 2015-10-24 13:02:01
This is an important perspective that holds a ton of truth. It's reminiscent of big gubmint yes-men and yes-women rolling in at the behest of a non-government entity. ...Can almost hear the money and avarice.
How about these guys and gals use their talents in catching the verified and known criminals who destroyed the largest amount of human wealth, health, and livelihood in recorded history in 2008? Why in everything that is holy are these swinging dicks not focusing on pertinent, real life, non hypothetical issues? Now, they decide that wasting time and resources on a decentralized internet protocol is a better idea. Let's really try to understand this.
@_date: 2015-10-24 22:54:59
Oh wow, that sounds very promising! Really, really good idea. There are so many potential uses for Bitcoin, but your example above really makes a clear-cut display and reasoning for why and how it *really* is so amazing.  
We just need to insure quality education in the present and future in order to have and maintain a viable environment - in the "forested" world as well as the "cyber" world. 
Edit: was just thinking: the amount of money saved with Bitcoin accounting and recording in just the the healthcare field would be staggering. 
@_date: 2015-10-24 21:05:50
Here: all it is is a protocol like http! Or like email and smtp! The internet and "WWW" are different things...There are layers to the internet - email, www, and Bitcoin are just layers. Bitcoin uses major league math and encryption, basically, in a worldwide, free-to-use spreadsheet that is checked and rechecked by every user in the system multiple times per day. Similar to MS Excel, it just tracks numbers and transactions within a database. 
Also, sometimes I liken it to a ledger we may have found in an old timey sundries store in the old west. The shopkeeper writes down *everything* that is sold or bought over the day or month. This creates a ledger or blockchain of sorts. Now imagine every person in town or state could access that shopkeepers' history of buying and selling. **This is what and how we can use Bitcoin for accurate voting counts, accurate government &amp; private accounting/financials to stem abuse and fraud, and more.**
Edit: Also, I think it's fair to include that most of the harshest criticism comes from... guess where? Old codgers, credit card companies, banking barons, negative-Nannies, and those often found in the middle of major defraudings of the public.
@_date: 2015-10-10 15:07:00
What use will you get out of just reading about any game, hobby, or interest? Merely reading about something is not everybody's idea of fully satisfactory or entertaining, necessarily. 
@_date: 2015-10-24 14:49:54
Could you elaborate a little bit, see-vuze-plate.
@_date: 2015-10-25 20:51:39
What's your opinion on the potential of Bitcoin (the internet protocol) used for public accounting of government departments? Or even private, for that matter, I suppose? 
Here's an interesting idea from a redditor that I thought was really good: 














@_date: 2015-10-10 15:47:54
You're partitioning or compartmentalizing mining and the rest of Bitcoin. Which, ok, I guess, but that's akin to saying gear in, say, WoW is ultimately irrelevant because it's just numbers that may or may not make a difference in this chaotic world.
 What I'm getting at, is that it seems odd to tell the guy it is a complete and total waste of time to go through the process... as monetary profit is not his, nor everyone's, main worry. I mean, it seems to me, you're basically saying that because he may have lost money on it and could have bought the gift earlier and possibly cheaper, it was a completely wasted and stupid use of energy. I'm saying that there's real value and potential value in his actions - if for no other reason than to be able to "plug in a machine", wait for some time - while doing other things, and then buy a gift for a loved one with the "waiting"  proceeds.
@_date: 2015-10-24 15:53:46
Interesting. I agree with a lot of it. 
I think there's, fortunately, an enlightenment of sorts occurring right now across the world (basically, thanks to the internet) that is undoing or helping some of the darker sides of the human condition, resulting in a lot of new perspectives, ideas, people, organizations, and so forth - kind of like Bitcoin itself. 
We just need to insure it doesn't get bungled or co-opted by the truly indiscriminately greedy, authoritarian psychopaths that so often fund and force their way into positions of power. Decentralization is important, undoubtedly.
@_date: 2015-10-10 16:09:33
Lol. Arrg. I get where you're coming from and agree in some respects.
OP and/or whoever may never get into anything related if not for "mining." As well, we aren't playing video games without a screen or a console. They're all needed. In some respects I agree with it being a waste of energy economically, but, again, I invoke any hobby - paper-mache-hair-dryer-time-trials - and disagree in *automatically calling it a waste* if enjoyment is found. Psychologically, having the miner plugged in for the guy may be novel and fun - like watching fireworks or maybe even a placebo. It's maybe a kind of white noise for the mind. Either way, I hear you, just giving a perspective that's a little different from your personal one. There are people that do truly dumb things with no potential for return whatsoever - this isn't such a case. 
@_date: 2015-10-29 18:42:33
There are some issues to work through, definitely. There may not have to be a "permanent" receipt (vague, I know). Or as mentioned [here]( we could have a receipt that verifies voting, but obscures who was voted for.  
Edit: But, then I guess the voter wouldn't know who they truly voted for.. ? Somethign somethign Schrödinger to help.. ?
@_date: 2015-10-29 18:52:46
That's a cool site. Can you explain a little bit how the boxes, colors, and points work? I'm having a difficult time understanding them fully. 
@_date: 2015-10-24 14:36:49
I think there are valid concerns to be had, but it's ludicrous, negligent, and dangerous to ignore or discount or sweep under the rug the fraud, manipulation, and thievery occurring in much greater capacity and amount in the "fiat, stock, derivatives, and credit card" world. Here we have a tool to fix some of humanity's unseemly and dirty vices and grotesqueries and it's immediately going to have multiple agencies failing and flailing at control for reasons they even hardly know except for some vague security concern. Bullshit. There are much greater and real security concerns. 
What do you think?
@_date: 2015-10-23 21:46:16
Fundamentally, that's not how bitcoin works.
@_date: 2015-10-12 17:15:36
Good read. I think there's some credence to the author's equivalency of "power = truth". 
@_date: 2015-10-27 19:30:02
I agree. We can pass something that works if there's consultation and collaboration with the major security experts in the field, as well as *not behind closed doors*, but this appears NOT to be anything of the sort. 
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:49:15
Ah, yes, good point. Some things to think about. For what it's worth, I didn't mean voting should be done "remotely" or from a "mobile" location, but more along the lines of using Bitcoin, public-ledgers, blockchain technology, etc... for the counting and verification. 
@_date: 2015-10-10 15:13:51
Erg, dude, you must have some sort of weird bone to pick or chip on your shoulder. You were pressing the guy and needling him for finding interest in Bitcoin, actively engaging in it, investing time, money, and energy, reading about it throughout the process, finding enjoyment from it, and finding employment - and you have the gall to end it with something about "bragging." Heh. Wow. 
@_date: 2015-10-24 20:54:15
What's your opinion on the law enforcement gumption and/or capabilities related to  fiat, Wall St., credit cards, and so on? 
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:06:36
Thanks for the reply and information. There maybe needs to be a trusted company, organization, or non-profit that routinely evaluates all of the new open-source software coming out. I don't have the time to search for it right now, but surely there's something like that out there already (?). If not, that sounds like it could be a good, strong business.  
@_date: 2015-10-24 12:51:53
How about these guys and gals use their talents in catching the verified and known criminals who destroyed the largest amount of human wealth, health, and livelihood in recorded history in 2008? Why in everything that is holy are these swinging dicks not focusing on pertinent, real life, non hypothetical issues? Now, they decide that  wasting time and resources on a decentralized internet protocol is a better idea. Let's really try to understand this.
@_date: 2015-10-27 13:56:19
I'm not entirely sure how relevant this is here, but I have a feeling that it IS: 
**What's everyone's thoughts on the US's internet legislation *being voted on today* - CISA?** This is the sort of thing (fairly similar) that CISA will allow or do - basically, making private organizations arms/branches of the government in internet tracking, information passing, and surveillance (at least how I've interpreted - some may argue). 
It's argued by the proposers of the legislation (of which are questionable when it comes to voting records and the such) that the scanning and passing of data to government agencies is "totally, 100% voluntary." But we know that's utter fucking bullshit when the companies in question are *huge* business partners and contractors with said government.
Thoughts? Concerns? Criticisms? 
P.S. Read and learn about CISA - call your representative if you're in the US and let them know your thoughts on this if it's something you deem worthy.
P.P.S. Thanks for the post apollojmr - it's great bringing some of this to light. 
@_date: 2015-10-24 15:00:32


Good post. 
I think there are valid concerns to be had, but it's ludicrous, negligent, and dangerous to ignore or discount or sweep under the rug the fraud, manipulation, and thievery occurring in much greater capacity and amount in the "fiat, stock, derivatives, and credit card" world. 
Here we have a tool to fix some of humanity's unseemly and dirty vices and grotesqueries and it's immediately going to have multiple agencies failing and flailing at control for reasons they even hardly know except for some vague security concern. Bullshit. There are much greater and real security concerns. 
This just reeks of interdepartment-dictator avarice coupled to yes-men and yes-women blunderingly leading one another.
Edit: added quotation
@_date: 2015-10-03 00:52:11
The source in the above example would be the continuance or reproduction of life, in whatever form. 
Edit: regardless, I understand where you're coming from and can agree to a lot. It's a bit reductionist, perhaps, though, as nothing may have intrinsic value or utility under such architecture.
@_date: 2015-10-10 15:30:16
By that reasoning, in many respects, video games aren't a hobby. Now, there may be more average activity playing a video game, but there's activity in "dealing" with Bitcoin - "moving" it around and engaging in conversation with peoples, if not programming and reading. It's not a totally accurate analogy, but the point is that there is great novelty for such a new method of exchange, a new protocol, and new ecosystem of sorts that lends to making Bitcoin et al. more of a "hobby" than you want to give credit for (in this exchange, at least, ha).
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:47:35
These are pretty cool! I like them, overall. The only issue I have with it is that labeling it only "currency" does a little bit of a disservice. I'm not sure what to do about that in such a limited space, but another word in the place of "currency" may be better ... not necessarily, "value," but something like *"witness the birth of the World-Wide-Wire"* or *"... World-Wide-Fiber"* or *"... World-Wide-Bank"* or *"...International-Public-Interchange."* Kinda partial to that last one, but &lt;shrug&gt;, there are a ton of options.   
Most people don't realize that Bitcoin is a protocol like "http." When explaining Bitcoin to people, if possible, it's important to include a quick history of what the "internet" actually is compared to "world-wide-web" and how "email and smtp" may be related to the other protocols and the "newest" protocol - Bitcoin. All it is, is a "new protocol, free for everyone to use, not at all unlike a world-wide Excel spreadsheet, and using major-league cryptography to secure it all."
@_date: 2015-10-14 14:48:34
I think you have a good point, inasmuch nothing is really 100% written in stone, so-to-speak. I think it's highly improbable Bitcoin will fail, because its basically just a world-wide Excel spreadsheet with benefits far out weighing draw-backs - if anything, it can be used for transparent vote counting, governmental department accounting, campaign financing, and more.
@_date: 2015-10-12 16:55:22
Quite possibly true. Though, there are numerous reasons to believe/understand/know that there was  enormous and great, willing negligence and fraud, ultimately resulting in the largest destruction of human wealth and livelihood in the history of written record. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 18:21:23
I'm not saying it's not a currency, but it's much, much more than that. It's like saying the internet is a "cat-picture machine." Sure, it is, but it's a whole lot more than that, too.
@_date: 2015-10-10 16:18:34
Whew. 
@_date: 2015-10-29 13:49:57
**We can get a system of sorts going with *private* voting using Bitcoin, of course.** 
This brings to mind something related: [The Cardboard Box Reform](
@_date: 2015-10-25 21:07:40
Hopefully, in the future, "bankers" will be looked upon in a more positive light. I think they get somewhat of a bad wrap via people wanting to place blame somewhere, but you really hit the nail on the head with: 


The banking industry has the capital and resources to make the world a truly better place. I suppose there's argument that that's happened, which I don't necessarily disagree with, but it sure seems like there's a lot of dishonesty and wanton disregard for a majority of the world's inhabitants in the aftermaths of "trusting their expertise - we don't need any regulation! ;D"   
@_date: 2015-10-10 15:19:51
Well, I can't necessarily disagree with that. Nevertheless, I think there's still value in taking up a hobby and doing it, while reading about it. Castigating someone (or, at least, how I've perceived the interaction/conversation) so harshly isn't going to accomplish much, if you're trying to accomplish something (?).