@_author: giuseladdo
@_date: 2015-07-30 08:46:27
I think you hit the very core of the point, which is managing the risk in credit. While Bitcoin mitigates the risk in transactions, it does not mitigate the risk in credit. Mitigating the risk in transactions is a lot easier because in the very essence we are talking about validating numbers, which is a quantitative task which can be performed by a scalable algorithm + people with the right incentive. Mitigating the risk for a credit is more complicated as it involves an evaluation of the borrower (is he reliable?), which is (partially) a qualitative task which is hard to scale as it requires human beings with a certain level of specializazion. 
Now, given that I share also your assumptions about human beings (naturally greedy and on average not sufficiently educated to take complicated decisions) and about bitcoin (it is more likely to become a complementary rather than an alternative currency), it would seem impossible to create a new financial system. 
However, my belief is still that the credit system will change. Why? Because the conditions will change. Essentially I believe that there will be new technologies to assess risk in a more scalable way + different purchasing behavior + different saving behavior. 
Now, let me make few examples: ShoCard is a startup storing your identity card in the blockchain, so you can prove it online, Proofexistence does the same with your documents and there is a huge number of startups building applications on the blockchain. They are not there yet but my expectation is that we´ll get to the point that decentralized apps will provide us with sufficient data to answer to the question: how reliable is giving credit to X? Given that we´ll get to this level of data, there will still be an evaluation to be done. I am not sure who will do it and how.
I share with you, it probably won´t be a mass of people (as bitcoin mining is not for the mass). But I would not be surprised if it would be done by a good algorithm + specialized people which gather funds. So, although we might get rid of banks, we will still need people with a background in finance ;)
At the same time, due to scarcer resources and increasing demand, our purchasing behavior is changing: now the sharing economy hits only few goods, but it seems like millennials do not want to buy houses or cars. They value more freedom (because a loan is a commitment). So in the future, people might take way less loans: houses and cars might be more shared than purchased. Requesting lower amounts in loans, it will make borrowing less risky.
By mixing these 3 tendencies (better technologies to assess risk + less need for big loans + people increasingly depositing savings in bitcoins), I think there will be a point when banks will end up trying to catch up with new more efficient services in giving loans (pretty much as it happened to hotels with Airbnb and to taxies with Uber). As it is a powerful (and smart) lobby, it won´t be easy though. Will this cure the world? Not sure, because, as you mentioned, the fault is almost always of the user and we won´t suddenly become a lovely educated community. But still it will be a bit better world and it will be fun to watch it happening ;)
Said this, in my first comment I wrote that we don´t need banks anymore. You pointed that it is not correct as we need banks for loans. So, being intellectually honest, I give you the point: right now we need them for loans. But I believe things will change ;)
@_date: 2015-07-28 16:16:23
When I want to convince people about bitcoin, I use 3 arguments (I know they are basic but they usually work pretty well):
1) We don´t need banks anymore. Banks suck: they take commissions on everything and they have power over your account. Essentially they are organizations which follow their own interest (which is understandable). They are run by men and they have the power to take your money (which they do in most of the transactions).
With bitcoins, we don´t need them anymore to validate transactions. We can validate transactions on our own for free (nearly) and globally within minutes. 
2) Bitcoin is like the Internet. With Internet, we democratized content. Before we had publishers who had power over content, now we are all more free. With Bitcoin, we are democratizing value. Before we had banks who had power over value, now we are all more free. No central authority means a lot more freedom. Internet gave us Reddit, Facebook and Youtube. Who would have said that there in 1994? In the same way, we cannot imagine what will happen if we democratize monetary value. We can only imagine it will be a better world.
3) Bitcoin will succeed because it is actually more convenient. When technologies guarantee more freedom in the end they win. And therefore, the earlier you start, the more you will gain.
@_date: 2015-07-28 19:16:05
There will be new ways to provide credit in bitcoin. I am not sure which yet though. And the complex financial infrastructure of the banks will play an increasingly marginal role (just as newspapers lost power with Internet) 
@_date: 2015-07-29 07:33:41
No hard feelings but good conversation =)
So, let me get back to you with what I share with you: banks are mainly financial intermediaries and people will still need credit in the bitcoin economy. 
Now, what I think it will be different is the way the credit will be given. For example, few years ago Kickstarter changed the way a project could be financed. Was this a bank? Not really. Or think of Sardex, a local complementary currency where credit is always backed by the work of people. Once again, they are not a bank and they found a way to provide credit.
Are there currently scalable ways to provide credit as a bank yet? Nope. Will there be? I believe so but as I am mentioned I am not sure which yet. 
Maybe the purchasing behavior will also change: maybe we will buy a lot less houses and cars and we´ll need smaller amounts of currency to borrow (which will make it easier for p2p lending to expand).
I also agree with you that most likely eventually people will gather into becoming a sort of lending community. But they will not be a bank, just as bloggers are not journalists.
Ps In an article from Newsweek in 1995 ("The Internet? Bah!"), the author claims that Internet will need editors and publishers because we need hierarchy of information. He got right we will always need hierarchy of information but he got wrong the mean we will get it. He could not imagine there will be new ways to provide hiearchy (online communities + smart algorithms). I am afraid you are doing the same mistake: you are right we will need credit but you cannot imagine there will be new ways to provide credit. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 13:32:09
Other users can tip you whenever they like something you have posted