@_author: givememoneyor_karma
@_date: 2018-03-15 10:31:08
Dude honestly, the smart choice would be to pull out the 5k you can and pay off your loan ASAP. You don’t have the choice to accept a crash or not. Your on the hook for that 10k plus interest regardless. If you don’t pay it will get sent to collections and you won’t be able to get a house, car, apartment , credit cards, and you for sure won’t be able to ever get another loan. Bitcoin isn’t going to sky rocket to 25 k by the end of the year and it’s def not gonna be worth millions someday. 
Truth is you got played just like many other people. You did what you’re not supposed to do and bought in because people told you to and not because you researched and had any number of good reasons to. Your supposed to be cashing out by the time normal everyday people are buying in. They basically convinced you to buy, sucked up your money an cashed out so they would profit. It was basically a different kind of Ponzi scheme. There are groups of people who control majority of bitcoin who talk to each other and decide what to do to the market.  You knew nothing about crypto and still threw away money because fomo. You learned an investment lesson the hard way and now you should cut your loses kid. 
Hodler is literally a term made up to keep people like you involved so the people up top can gradually take everything you have in bitcoin. Why do you think it never existed before bitcoin, they know how your feeling. At this point they are just trying to not have you pullout. 
Bitcoin was a scam 1000%, get that through your head, cash out, pay off your loan and move on. Sounds like that is what would be best for your mental health, finances, relationship, and it’s fucking common sense. You just watched your investment lose 50% and it’s clearly only gonna keep going down why the fuck would you willingly lose the other 5k. Investing is equal parts knowing when to go in AND knowing when to pull your money out. Take it from someone who has made about a quarter million through the stock market. Not a crazy amount I know but I’ve got experience. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 19:38:36
They don’t actually believe that govt or the US govt more specifically has no control over bitcoin.
This is just what bitcoin buyers do and say, they speak nonsense like this as if they are still trying to convince everyone else and themselves that they didn’t waste their money on virtual tulips. It’s the same as trump supporters never admitting their wrong. It’s the idea that in this day and age if you don’t ever admit you’re wrong then you never were, you can just keep doubling down on alternative facts because changes in government and bureaucracy takes years to accomplish so in the meantime you can say you were right while things are happening behind the scenes that show you are wrong. It’s all stems from opinions and no facts, Donald trump and his presidency have ruined the truth in America by constant lies it’s gonna take a while to fix all the mentally ill people that he created by his alternative universe (campaign) but it also will likely prevent this from happening again in the future when we can look back on trumps presidency after he has been indicted on many many Yuge charges and point out the different types of disinformation. America needed trump truthfully to protect us from someone like him who isn’t completely incapable. Can you imagine if we had an actual smart person who knew what he was doing in office instead of trump. He could literally ruin America. He is just too dumb to do anything so I think we got lucky with trump. Imagine if bannon or someone with actual knowledge and brains  and the same ideals as trump was in his position. We would be completely ruined. Luckily our president has an IQ if maybe 80 on a good day. lol so he’ll resign before he even gets a chance at 2020 once mueller lets him get a sneak peak of the hand he’s holding. 
All you need to know is that trump reached out to Clinton’s impeachment lawyer trying to hire him..that pretty much says all you need to know about trump. A blow hard idiot whose only capability is to use race and authoritarianism to lie and trick bigger idiots into believing he has done something that will help them. Instead he created the biggest swamp Washington has ever had. 