@_author: gl33p
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:19:20
It's going to implode like the .com bubble.  It's unsustainable and artificially inflated.  If one is smart, they might be able to ride it for considerable profit if they know to get out before it crashes.
I suspect it is already happening, which is why everything is spiking.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:41:34
You are missing the point.  Entities with much more capital than you can dream of are manipulating this market.  That's the only reason Bitcoin has value.
That's a currency you trust?  Simply because you can make some cash off it?
What if all currency disappeared and we went straight crypto?  Bet your balls just retreated into your chest.  It's too easy to control and nobody cares that you made bank on a trade, cause that's worthless in the scope of things.
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:12:17
You aren't qualified to post an actual rebuttal.
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:33:00
Everyone should feel welcome to say the things you like them to say.  Are you a mod?
Edit: I apologize if I backed you into a corner, but you are suggesting you have the ability to silence me?
Edit2: I went through your post history and it's hilarious and sad.  Do you ever feel bad about your 'advice'. I would suggest not leading with "My comments speak for themselves" if you don't intend for people to read it as an invitation to dig.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:47:20
No, because the people with piles of coins have forseen the crash and cashed out.  Or maybe they simply got scared and cashed out.  Either way, they cashed out long before you would have an opportunity to.
It's happening right now, but investors are still coming in.  It's why bitcoin is skyrocketing, because people want to sell, and there are whales that want to buy in late.
This is going to crash so hard, and everyone thinks it's starting when it's already spiraling.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:27:42
The market hasn't decided any value.  It's only value is to convert currency, ride the out of control wave, and cash out.  It is not a legit currency, and it has no value.  Nobody is 'making' money.  They buy bitcoins and then whales crash the market and buy in, the value of coins skyrocket, and everyone cashes back out into real currency.  The value of coins plummets.  The complexity of mining though is always skyrocketing.  Bitcoin is approaching a brick wall and it was never a legit digital currency.
People simply see what they want to see, and it feeds the system.  You can make money off Bitcoin no doubt.  But nobody actually wants Bitcoins in the end.  It's going to be a firehouse when the whales pull out and leave everyone in the dust.
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:43:00
I understand your snark.  You can definitely make money off Bitcoin...but that's all it is, a means to make ACTUAL money.  Bitcoin has no actual base to it.
Bitcoin is trading on investor money.  As it balloons, there is the larger risk of people cashing out.  EVERYBODY intends to cash out.  What happens then?  The volatility of the bitcoin market is scary and can be manipulated by someone with enough money or coins.
It is not a legit digital currency.  Being able to make invisible money off it successfully, doesn't prove it's worth.  It proves the opposite.
Edit: Who do you think the investors are?  People with the means and infrastructure to trade X cash for Y coins, thus forcing the market, and trading out for bonus Z cash.  You only like bitcoin because you make some money off it and think you are bucking the system, yet the system is already knee-deep in this market and making so much money off it, and ensuring they will shut you out.  Again, who do you think the investors are?  Who has that much capital?
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:11:03
Er, actually having 19.42/hr is a pretty good deal in America verse the illusion of 19.42/hr.
Also, what hour?
I'm so confused that people don't understand who the investors are.  Bitcoin IS the system now.  Banks bought in.  It wouldn't be trading so high and volatile otherwise.  People with huge pools of money have taken over this system.
Bitcoin is obviously not legit.  A lender is going to have to get caught with their pants down and the economy crumbles before people will open their eyes.
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:27:23
Nothing you said was accurate :).
Seriously, you are saying the IRS discovering an interest is somehow proof of legitimacy?  I would say it's the opposite.
And you support my claim that entities with unimaginable capital control the market.
You also split hairs about mining in an odd fashion.  Just grasping at straws, aren't you?  You are really wrong-headed about everything, but I can believe that. You should delete the complexity/difficulty thing though, because you have no idea what you are talking about.
Edit: you use the phrase 'it will' alot, in your rebuttals. I am talking about right now and reality.  It's an odd recourse to hold darknet millionaires up on a pedestal.  I would hope a legitimate economy wasn't standing on such pillars.  Why did you think that was a worthy argument?  So bizarre...
Edit 2: We have a fundamental misunderstanding.  You think Bitcoin is a great way to make money and that's where the conversation ends with you.  I'm talking about Bitcoin in the scope of legitimate currency.  You don't care about that.  Have fun.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:14:32
Correct me.  You are doing everyone a disservice by not doing so.
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:25:18
The fear of a run on banks was very real not long ago.  We know if a run on coins happens, the transaction process is so slow that no one will be able to cash out before all their coins are worth less than a cent.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:32:47
You seem like an ambitiousless person that will definitely be obsoleted in the world of your own fantasy. 