@_author: gl904
@_date: 2017-08-31 18:59:25
I actually almost messed up a shapeshift transaction recently as well. Was working with a bunch of addresses across BTC, BCH and ETH, and accidentally pasted the wrong address into the refund address slot. Its easy to make those kind of mistakes. I'd be really surprised if shapeshift wasn't able to help you out. As with most crypto businesses, they've probably seen a huge surge in business, and probably just need a little time to get to you. I'd definitely be interested in hearing how it all works out if you don't mind updating us when you hear back from them. Good luck!
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:27:07
I'm cautiously optimistic about the recent acquisition of KeepKey by ShapeShift. Seems like a partnership that can open up a lot of possibilities. Ledger and Trezor definitely seem to be the two major players right now though.
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:25:05
For storage I use a combination of paper and hardware wallets right now. For crypto to crypto exchanges I use shapeshift.io, and for fiat to crypto I haven't settled on a new service yet... have been trying out a few different ones. 
For long term storage I think hardware wallets are a good investment. I bought mine right around the same amount you have. Figured 5 figures in crypto justified spending $100 on security. Ledger and Trezor seem to be the leaders atm, but the recent acquisition of keepkey by shapeshift is a promising partnership imo.
@_date: 2017-08-29 20:30:43
I don't want to give you bad advice, so do your own research as well, but I believe there is an option for electrum to display your private keys. So what you would want to do, using BCH split as an example; record your private key, send your BTC to a new wallet/key, then download wallet software that supports BCH, and import the private key they shared to get access to the BCH, thus splitting the BTC and BCH that shared a private key into two separate wallets with their own unique keys. You can just leave them on the same key as well, but before you spend any from either chain I'd split them into their own wallets.
There are a lot of way to handle that situation though. You can use the actual keys, or the seed phrase to recover on two different wallets, or a number of any methods though. I'm far from an expert, but the above is my general understanding of how to handle a fork.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:02:52
Isn't it widely believed Satoshi is based on the east coast US? I thought his post times and some other evidence strongly pointed to him being US based and likely east coast. Given the vast time zone difference, Austrailia would seem unlikely unless he worked odd hours or something.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:49:44
I always try to stress the technology and societial impact I think cryptos will have, and then tell them I'd never encourage anyone to get involged without first convincing themselves it is a good idea. If you stress repeatedly that it could go to zero, and that you're just discussing the technology, not giving investment advice, I think your in the clear when it comes to whatever decision they make.
I also always provide a few links I feel are good info, tell the person to do some research and let me know if they have any questions. Then I don't follow up, because either they're not interested enough and don't follow up with me, or they do follow up, at which point I feel like they're seeking out my advice, as opposed to me trying to convince them of something. So far only 1 person out of the dozens I've talked to have actually followed through with a purchase, which honestly makes me kind of happy. Everyone else just seemed to want my advice on how to get rich in bitcoin, the one guy who actually bought some got way into the societal and philisophical side of bitcoin and convinced himself to buy.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:26:31
I have some old hard drives I'll sell you. I can't promise they have bitcoin on them, or that they work, but I also can't promise that they don't not have bitcoin on them either. Given the potential millions yoh may or may not find on them, I believe their full original purchase price is appropriate. I'll even cover shipping!
But for real, probably a better chance of winning the actual lottery.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:09:15
Satoshi was a vampire. Heard it here first folks!
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:17:48
This gets posted to TIL all the time, but John Cena holds the record for most wishes fulfilled by the Make A Wish Foundation. That alone makes him an awesome celebrity imo. He just seems like a really good dude who has used his fame and good fortune to have a positive impact on the lives others.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:38:46
While true, that doesn't mean it decentralizes the system. I think it is important for bitcoin to remain decentralized, but I don't see any issues with complimentary services existing with a greater degree of centralization. Even bitcoin today is like that. If I buy bitcoins through coinbase they can easily track my purchase and attach an identity to my address. I can still use bitcoin anonymously through localbitcoins or the use of an ATM anonymously, but that comes at a premium, both in cost and effort. While I like the idea of remaining anonymous, I'm glad a service like coinbase exists for when the anonymous nature of a transaction isn't as important to me. It makes getting bitcoin for legitimate purposes much easier, even if it does diminish some of the benefits of acquiring bitcoin through more complicated methods.
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:27:39
I went with keepkey due to the shapeshift integration, even though I usually just use shapeshift's site. At the time it seemed really forward looking of them, but they've admittedly been behind trezor and ledger in a lot of areas. I'm hoping the shapeshift acquisition will change that trend, but if I don't see some progress in the next month or two I'll probably give ledger a try.
To me, ledger and trezor are both probably better right now, but I'd still probably consider keepkey today just because I prefer their design and I still expect to see some good things from them in the future. Keepkey is more of a gamble since I think their selling point is in potential, but as someone with a bunch of money tied up in imaginary internet coins, gambling on a $99 device doesn't seem like all that big of a risk.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:06:59
I don't really care which wins out since I'll have both, but all this argument over which chain is "bitcoin" and how to measure which is the most bitcoin seems pretty dumb to me. Bitcoin will be whichever chain users follow. Miners can mine all the coins they want, and developers can develop all the services in the world, and while that expanded utility should attract users, ultimately the chain that wins will be the chain that people use.
I think a lot of people have just gotten to the point where we see bitcoin has developed and grown to this point with core at the helm, and without clear evidence of them abusing their position in some manner, people want to stick with what has worked. Most users of bitcoin likely don't care what the miners, exchanges, and other companies in bitcoin want. They're businesses and will follow customers.
Ultimately, I trust core more than miners and other companies in bitcoin when it it comes to the development and advancement of bitcoin, and I don't think anyone else has given us any reason to believe they'll do a better job. Anyone can fork whenever they want, but to think most users are going to follow anything other than the most valuable chain is foolish.
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:32:14
After watching Schiff on JRE, I'm really not interested in his views on crypto anymore. He is either being intentionally dense, or he truly doesn't understand the technology, and whether malice or ignorance, I don't think he offers much value to a crypto focused dicussion.
I don't think he is a dumb guy, so I tend to think he is intentionally deceptive because it directly competes with his business. To me that is almost worse than ignorance. At least Howard Marks admitted he might be too old and just doesn't understand it, which imo is a perfectly justifiable reason to be wary of a new technology. Schiff seems to be using dishonest arguments that he is smart enough to know are misrepresentations of facts, all in an effort to spread disinformation.
As someone who has read one of his books and had a pretty high opinion of Schiff for his willingness to go against the grain, I've lost a lot of respect for him over his crypto comments.
Id much rather see Andreas sit down and have a discussion with a main stream economist like Yellen or Krugman. Would be more interesting to see him discuss it with someone representing the establishment/status quo.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:25:59
Think it was closer to $1800 if we're thinking of the same guy. Still a huge profit though. Also seem to remember what someone else said about him having a terminal illness. Hopefully he'll be able to enjoy some of that money before he passes.
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:43:03
The one thing I really like about the hardware wallet is that it is something I can keep with me with limited concern. Without going into detail, I have an issue with storing my seed phrase in multiple locations, so right now I'm able to store a single copy of my phrase in a safe at home, and carry the hardware wallet with me. If I break the wallet, I always have the seed phrase. If my house burns down, I still have the wallet on me and can send the coins to a new address without the seed. So basically my house would need to be destoryed and my wallet broken at the same time to lose access. This way I dont need to pay for a safety deposit box, or trust a family member who doesn't understand crypto to securely store a copy of the seed at their place.
@_date: 2017-08-31 18:06:14
I think that is probably just your own experienced based on your peer group. I literally can't find anyone outside of the internet who wants to talk cryptos with me. Everyone seems to either have no idea and no interest in it or they are bitter for not getting involved earlier and have convinced themselves they're smart for remaining ignorant of the technology because its a scam. Even friends of mine who are small time traders and love talking about markets seem hostile to the idea of cryptos even when all I'm trying to do is discuss how some of the technology underlying crypto may eventually be adopted by major financial institutions.
I firmly believe we're still in the early adopter phase. Average people are starting to hear about it, or they may have seen an article or two, but it definitely hasn't reach the point where it has ceased being a niche technology used by a very small minority. I think we still need to work on making the user experience more simple before we'll see wide spread adoption.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:26:02
Kind of, but not really. Lets say you own 10 bitcoins. If you leave them on the exchange you don't control the keys, and after the fork you'll still have 10 bitcoins. However, if you DO control the key, lets say its 123456 for example, then that key is valid on both chains, meaning you have 10 bitcoins, as well as 10 coins of whatever the new chain calls itself. Since both chains split from the same point, and the ledger up to that point views 123456 as a valid key controlling 10 units of currency, after the fork both chains will recognize 123456 as controlling 10 units of their respective currencies.
So using the BCH fork, anyone who held BTC prior to the fork also ended up getting an equal amount of BCH. Now, BCH is only worth like $550 right now vs BTCs $4600, so they didn't double their money, but using the 10 coin example above, they'd end up with 10 BTC worth $46,000, and 10 BCH worth $5,500.
Basically, any private keys that were valid before the split are valid on both chains after the split.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:32:23
I suspect I'll be dead and don't really care. 2140 is a long time. For all we know cryptos will be replaced by something better by then. There are definitely more pressing concerns in the world of crypto at any rate.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:20:08
They'll rob you blind!
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:36:51
I don't know about that. Services like coinbase and gemini are pretty simple for anyone in the western world with a bank account. When I first signed up to coinbase it took me less than 15 minutes to buy with a credit card, including the ID verification. Linking a bank account took a few days, but thats true of any service you use ACH for.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:19:08
MtGox was a completely different situation imo. They were a site used to trade magic cards (Magic The Gathering Online Exchange) that moved into bitcoin to fill a void in the market. Its like comparing rag tag regional internet companies in the 90s to something like AOL. Coinbase is a US based company with a valuation above 1.5 billion, and they just raised $100 million in series D funding. They're about as legit as it comes in the world of crypto. Obviously that doesn't mean your funds are 100% safe, but I really dont see them pulling some sort of exit scam, or not facing some sort of legal recourse if they were to lose customer funds.
@_date: 2017-08-29 17:41:12
There is the possibility of another fork around Nov 1, which has been called Segwit2x. Basically, like with bitcoin cash, two opposing groups have different visions for how to scale bitcoin, and supposedly on Nov 1 is when it will occur. One side wants no changes and to allow segwit and other off chain solutions time to develop, while the other side wants a blocksize increase to 2mb (BTC is currently 1mb and BCH is 8mb for comparison). The merits of each position can be debated forever, so I wont get into that aside from saying I personally lean towards not increasing the block size, although I'm not really fanatical about it and will follow whichever chain is the most widely supported by users.
A fork causes uncertainty, which is usually bad in the short run, but as BCH showed us, a fork is not always bad. Pretty much everyone who did nothing and just held bitcoin during the last fork got essentially free money, so all the fear mongering leading up to it reallt amounted to nothing. No one knows what will happen Nov 1, but either way it is smart to get your coins off exchanges and ensure you control your own private keys, because exchanges that hold keys for you don't always honor the split coin. I believe coinbase kept all the BCH from the last split, but they told customers they would be doing so well in advance, and encouraged everyone to remove their coins if they wanted access to the BCH. 
Edit- just to be clear, if you like your coins being on coinbase for whatever reason, you can take them off a few days before the fork to ensure you get coins on both chains, then redeposit it a few days later. I think I waited until a day or two before the last fork to transfer the small amount I had on coinbase off, and had no problem, took less than 30 mins for it to hit the chain. I wouldn't wait until the last minute, but no need to transfer them off until the fork approaches if you like keeping them with coinbase.
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:47:30
Nothing stopping insurance companies from entering the crypto space. Sounds like a free market opportunity to me. Think of all the jobs it could create!
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:26:28
That may be, but as a user, not all those things are created equal. My primary concerns are coders who are able to maintain the security and functionality of bitcoin, and who seek to meet my needs. While meeting the needs of miners and businesses would be nice if it could be accomplished without sacrificing the other, more important concerns, ultimately their concerns are not the same as mine.
As a user, I'm honestly not a big fan of how miners and companies tried to use their collective power to push this change. I already live in an economic system where small groups of powerful people have far greater influence than the individual, and part of the appeal of bitcoin was getting away from that. They didn't use any sort of democratic process to push 2x, they forced it into a compromise that they reached with themselves, and then demanded core and the community respect it. To me that represent a dangerous precedent where a small group of individuals believes they should be allowed to bypass the consensus aspect of the system to institute changes they couldn't get otherwise.
Even this BCH fork has shown how fickle miners are. They get their 8mb blocks, but then play this game hopping between the two because it is more profitable. If you need anymore evidence than that to show you miners put profits before principle, then I don't know what to tell you. People hate on core because they believe they are acting out of a profit motive through their association with blockstream, but then those same people think miners are any different? At least with core their conflict of interest is largely conjecture and unproven, but with miners there is no doubt.
Like I said, I don't really care which wins since I'll hold both coins until that becomes clear, but if you think users follow miners/hashpower/whatever, I think we'll all find that the opposite is actually true. Users will ultimately decide to support the chain they want, and whereever the most users congregate, the industry players will follow.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:59:38
It will probably get picked up for less than $13. I don't use electrum, but if that is the smallest fee they will allow, it is probably a software issue where they didn't want people to set a fee too low, and with the dramatic increase in bitcoin price, their lowest fee setting now seems unreasonable.
I don't think I've ever paid more than $3 or $4 for a transaction, and they've always been picked up in a few blocks. I actually sent two that were below 40 sat/b a couple months ago, which is really low, and both eventually got picked up after 20 hours or so.
Also, I know the community always says to move it to a wallet, and especially with a november fork possible I agree, but from a security standpoint, I have no problem trusting coinbase. I've moved to a different service now, but I'd still feel comfortable storing smaller (under $1000) on coinbase.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:37:56
Saw another post just recently claiming BTC-E was back up today with wallets intact and even support for BCH. Never used it myself so I can't confirm, but it sounds like they're making good on their promise to return.
@_date: 2017-08-26 20:46:24
ShapeShift conducted the entire Keepkey acquisition in bitcoin, if that isn't supportive of bitcoin, I don't know what is. This community can be as bad as r/btc with how they vilify anyone who isn't a bitcoin maximalist. A lot of us are able to support bitcoin, while at the same time think that some of the altcoins are doing some cool things, and might find a niche where they can co-exist with bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:43:35
I think you're really over estimating how far in most people are here. I'm a pretty huge crypto advocate. My friends and family are likely sick of hearing me talk about it. That being said, my initial investment was literally a fraction of my small networth. Maybe 2% of all the money I had. Since then I've put in some more, but if you took the dollar value of what I put in, and compared it to my non-bitcoin networth, it is still well under 10%, probably closer to 5%. Due to price increase, bitcoin obviously makes up a much larger percent of my networth now, but on the whole I've largely thrown a little spare money here, and a little there, and its grown dramatically.
I would venture to say most people in crypto are like me. If it went to 0 tomorrow I'd be disappointed, but I'd still be able to pay rent, buy food, save for retirement, etc. I'd much rather be in a position where I'm kicking myself for not putting more in, than a position where I regret putting too much in. My anxiety is related to missed opportunity, and it sucks, but its a lot better than the anxiety associated with potential financial ruin.
Don't invest more than you can lose, and if I were you, I'd cash out and pay down your debt as soon as you can afford to. Keep what you can afford to keep, and get back in when you have money to spare.
@_date: 2017-09-02 18:38:11
What other asset is taxed while being held? Cash isn't. Stocks aren't. Bonds aren't. Gold isn't. There is literally no precedent for treating an asset like that which I can think of.
@_date: 2017-09-01 17:34:58
This is what I did before getting a hardware wallet. Works great. Only upgraded because I needed the Pi for another project and instead of buying a new one I figured I might as well just spend a little extra.
Would definitely second this recommendation for anyone who has a pi laying around. If you don't already have a pi, probably worthwhile to just get a purpose built hardware wallet though 
@_date: 2017-09-02 18:45:30
Because they act as custodian for the funds, you don't actually pay a mining fee until you transfer into your own wallet. That with their fee being percentage based means that it shouldn't matter how little you buy. Just wait until you have enough to justify the mining fee before you transfer it to another wallet. I've never bought small amounts from them though (&lt;$100), so not sure if there is a different price structure below some threshold.
@_date: 2017-09-02 20:10:09
I'd never heard about that. The tax does seem pretty small (30% of 4% annual interest on cash/savings over 22k euros), so I can actually see how that kind of makes sense with that 22k threshold. Still don't really like the idea of it, but its not as ridiculous as I first thought.
@_date: 2017-09-01 17:31:18
Out of curiousity, what about tails makes it incompatible with macs? I'm far from an expert, but I've dual booted numerous linux distros on my macbook. Never run into one that didn't work, so I always assumed they all did.