@_author: glassofwhiterussian
@_date: 2017-01-04 00:13:45
The reason why Euro, CFA Franc hasn't succeeded, etc is because they haven't figured out how to make the currency unions work sustainably. True currency unions rely on more than the technology or security of the currency. They require synchronised economies - reasonably equalised income, aligned monetary and fiscal policy, political cooperation, labour mobility, etc. etc.
This is not only a question of the technology. Blockchain is great, it will do wonders and it should undoubtedly be applied wherever it makes sense to do so. Bitcoin is a different matter. You are talking about creating a global currency union with no hope for policy flexibility - it then becomes a question of economic theory, and Bitcoin adds many more problems than it solves (like endless deflation, constant bailouts, increased income inequality, no flexibility).
Only when we get rid of isolated nation-states, and accept a global federalist world order, can we properly embrace a single global currency. And I have a feeling that many Bitcoin enthusiasts are very much against that as an end goal.
@_date: 2017-01-04 00:53:48
Take the world as it is right now. Some areas of the world are much less economically developed and productive than others. They may need help to spur their economies, there are two main ways to do this - monetary or fiscal policy.
Monetary policy is controlling the supply of money via interest rate adjustment or actual printing. Done sensibly, it is a very useful tool. Lower interest rates, increase investment, decrease hoarding of cash in savings, you spur spending and boost the economy - or at least, that's the idea.
Fiscal policy is taxation and government spending. How you would use this is to tax the rich areas and redistribute to poorer areas. This happens all the time within countries - I'm from the UK, London's income helps fund the rest of the country. It gets trickier when it is international and tribalism kicks in - the Germans don't like bailing out Greece when they run into trouble.
Now, with Bitcoin, we lose monetary policy flexibility. One currency that can freely travel around the world means that there must be one interest rate, and one price for the comparable goods (after taking into account transportation costs). A poor nation may want to boost spending by lowering its interest rate, or devaluing its currency (to spur exports). It can't do this any more - if it tried, all the money would instantly flow out of the country and towards banks with higher interest rates.
An alternative is to establish capital controls, to prevent this money leaving the country, but Bitcoin can evade these controls easily. So, with Bitcoin as a global currency, fiscal policy is required. That means, rich nations like the US, UK, Germany, etc. have to constantly bail out Africa, Latam, etc. There is no way this will be accepted politically. The EU couldn't even do it with a smile when the poor nations are European. There's no chance in hell these countries would agree to constantly bail out others on different continents with even weaker political ties.
So that's one of the main reasons why it's too early for Bitcoin. Any global currency, it doesn't have to be Bitcoin, will face this issue. Needing this monetary flexibility is why we ended the gold standard, which in a way is similar to Bitcoin. The world isn't united enough to have a single currency. Hope that helps.
@_date: 2017-01-03 11:26:44
A race that will not be won for decades at the earliest. Europe hasn't even ironed out the problems in its own currency union yet, parts of Africa are still figuring out the CFA franc (and still require French treasury backing), Asia and Latam are divided, there is no way the entire world could handle a single currency at this stage.
@_date: 2017-01-04 08:16:39
An easy way to think of it is to imagine bitcoin as gold. When there is a lack of financial services, or lack of confidence in currency, relying on commodities like gold can be a good alternative to store wealth.
However, these are not long term solutions. Anyone can rely on gold as a store of wealth, but no one imagines gold taking over as the global currency. Likewise, bitcoin can be useful as a backup store of wealth when currencies fail, but it cannot be the solution for a well functioning economy at this stage.
@_date: 2017-01-04 01:27:03
Yeah, a lot of it was high school economics, not too hard.
Well, the more of a share Bitcoin takes, the less effective monetary policy becomes on the remainder. Bitcoin is currently a commodity. The way I see it, it can stay that way for a very long time. And that's ok. It's good to have a backup if you lose confidence in your currency. Exactly like gold.
But one of the main arguments for Bitcoin is that we need to remove all government control from currency. This is a very dangerous move. Until the world is unified, we need control to fine-tune policy relative to the rest of the world to keep everything in balance. Yes, governments do screw up, but people should ask for good government, not a total scrapping of a system that is the best we currently have.