@_author: glasspast
@_date: 2013-05-04 14:42:43
So you're saying cash-only businesses report everything? Are you serious?
Are you aware of the multi-trillion dollar black market economy? Do you think those people report all their transactions? It's a rhetorical question, and it should help you to understand how absurd your argument is. People can, do, and will evade reporting income and transactions at every turn. Digital currencies facilitate that. They are in their infancy, and they are here to stay.
Exchanges most certainly can be decentralized. Exchanges are, at their core, exclusively informational. Every file-sharing network on earth provides the proof-of-concept that exposes your type of myopia for precisely what it is. Of course, there's also the NASDAQ (which you should probably look into).
You keep talking about paper money. Do you know what a credit card is? Do you realize I can pay for things in any currency on earth using a credit card? Do you know that they have existed for less than 50 years, and were adopted long before the internet existed? Now, are you really so ignorant that you think people won't opt for a cheap, instant, anonymous form of monetary transfer?
That shit about selling my house and my computer is just fluff. You're obviously angry because you've been exposed as a flat-earther. But here's the deal (just so you don't forget): the conclusion is foregone. You should read the article again, because it really does a good job of detailing why your irrational faith in big brother is so misplaced. 
It's also weird. Why are people like you so against (and afraid of) progress? Newton, Galileo, and Einstein all faced the same thing. Why is it that the vast majority of people are not only terrified of progress, but also so willing to get passionately angry at it? What is that?
You're not going to stop technology from adapting and circumventing inefficient government. The game is over. The era of huge super-powers is drawing to a close, because without the ability to tax, they don't have the ability to enforce.
That is so hard for you to accept, isn't it? :-)
@_date: 2013-05-04 13:16:00
And a lot of us presupposed the internet would displace traditional means of communication. Was that a huge assumption? A lot of people like you said the internet was stupid and would never survive. I'm not making that up.
Your argument about wire transfers is somewhat compelling, except you are assuming people won't accumulate digital currencies IN SPITE of conventional currencies. Why wouldn't people start choosing to be paid in bitcoin, once they recognize that they don't have to pay taxes on that income? And why would small businesses not allow some transactions to occur "under the table," in order to avoid paying sales and income tax? You assume that everyone wants to participate in the government's scheme, but a lot of us maintain that, given a safe opportunity, most people will opt out of giving up 50% or more of their income.
Then you go on to argue that somehow people are going to use "paper money" over p2p networks? How is that even possible? The last poster said p2p allows people to transfer wealth independent of government intervention. Have you ever heard of Craigslist? And why wouldn't gold dealers accept, or facilitate bitcoin trades? That's a no-brainer for them, and pretty soon they're going to figure it out. It's pretty easy to buy and sell gold without reporting anything. The only hindrance now is that people don't want to carry a lot of cash. But digital currencies change the game.
Finally, you missed the point of this whole article. It doesn't really matter how narrow minded people like you are. Technology can't be stopped, and the more inefficient governments try to "cleanse" the system, the stronger the technologies will become. You can rant all you want, but the outcome is unstoppable. People are going to choose to use low-cost, instant, anonymous digital cash. And nobody's going to be able to stop it. Not even big brother. Sorry! :-)  