@_author: glayden
@_date: 2015-12-14 15:03:00
There's a more in-depth piece on RBF and its issues [here](
@_date: 2015-12-09 06:55:05
Most unusual tax investigation ever. Can't say I would be entirely surprised if some people saw this as an opportunity to go raid the house in search of a private key for the bitcoin stash on the off chance it was lying around.
@_date: 2015-12-14 14:43:03
Replace-by-fee. Peter Todd made a change that makes it easier to double spend zero-confirmation transactions, justifying it by saying that it was unsafe anyway. The result is that zero-conf transactions are much less safe and merchants will be less willing to engage in these quick transactions over the counter with bitcoin. The change is part of a new feature that provides the ability to replace an already transmitted transaction with another transaction which is paid for by a higher fee so long as the original transaction has not yet been signed by miners/has zero confirmations.
@_date: 2014-08-18 23:49:29
I've worked at an EHR software development company for years. Protecting the privacy of patient data and patient safety are the top priorities; they're amongst the biggest challenges of developing technology in the industry.
Would you like to clarify how exactly HIPAA allows free reign on patient data? (Hint: it doesn't) I don't think you know what you're talking about.
If anything HIPAA is generally criticized because some consider it too aggressively protective of patient data.
An article about baby pictures in doctor's offices from the NYT from just earlier this month:
If your organization is sharing private patient data with folks who shouldn't have access to it, that's something you ought to be reporting because it's really, really illegal.
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:54:54


I don't think the problem is a lack of incentive. To a large extent the problem is that the telecoms/ISPs lobby the hell out of the local, state, and federal government until they make it damn difficult and expensive for any potential competitor to cut through the legal red tape in order to compete.
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:12:40
What the hell are you talking about? Patient information is protected by HIPAA. The claim that government and insurance companies have free reign on patient information is utterly ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:18:39
"More worthwhile" is not necessarily "worthwhile enough to do it." If it's not profitable, the incentives don't matter.
A new ISP needs access to publicly owned “rights of way” to actually lay down their cable. If they can't do that, they can't compete. Local governments and the public utilities often charge so much for access that potential competitors would simply lose money on the operation because the cost of actually building the network is too great.
Sure, a company like Google might have the leverage and power to take big risks and even losses and to use publicity to influence local politicians into letting them play ball. But most companies aren't Google.
@_date: 2014-08-19 06:06:50
Now, that, I won't argue against, but I don't think the legislation on the issue is what is at fault for the data breaches.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:35:36
Bitcoin was designed to be somewhat deflationary longterm. All things being equal (assuming bitcoins are still used/in demand at least as much as they are now), the value of any given unit of bitcoins would rise over time as coins leave circulation. The effect is basically the same as if all money was paper you were to stop printing dollars and burned half of them instead. The value of each dollar would essentially double for all intents and purposes (this would happen naturally over time as prices in bitcoin would drop because folks wouldn't want to spend a relatively large percentage of active bitcoins for a certain product). 
If bitcoins weren't divisible this would be a concern since at most 12 million people could own one, but since there are 12 quadrillion Satoshis, it really doesn't matter. The main impact would be that those who happen to have a lot of not lost bitcoins saved up would benefit and those who "owe" others bitcoins would have a harder time purchasing them to make up for their debts.
You might ask how one can differentiate a truly lost bitcoin versus one that's being horded and just isn't moving. In general they're indistinguishable.
This is not always true since it's not a closed system and adoption/opportunity and alternative stores of value also vary along with circulation, but the gist of it is that when more coins enter circulation the value of individual units of bitcoins tends to drop and whenever they leave circulation it tends to rise. The fact that certain people have a huge proportion of bitcoins is a concern because it makes the value potentially very volatile if they choose to enter them back into circulation rapidly.
@_date: 2014-08-19 02:15:41
How exactly would insurance companies even work if they didn't know what claim they were paying for? It doesn't make sense to have hospitals just give them a non-itemized bill and say "trust us, you owe it."   (Well, maybe it would if we had a national healthcare system or giant HMOs dominating all healthcare in such a way that it was essentially the same financial entity, but those alternatives are hardly better in terms of patient privacy.) Whenever a medical condition is diagnosed by someone or a medical cost is incurred and needs to be paid for by someone  for someone else there will obviously be some people involved in the process who have access to some of the data for treatment and payment verification purposes.
And yes anonymized data are sometimes allowed to be used in certain narrow situations to determine things like risk factors, but that's very far from the type of thing your first post implied where some random government/insurance person just has legal free reign to go spelunking through whoever's data they'd like which couldn't be further from the truth. There's really not much data in the U.S. which is handled anywhere near as sensitively as medical data is. If caught targeting anyone's medical data without a valid medical reason, even if it's for no reason other than personal curiosity, you can expect to get sentenced to jailtime in a federal prison. I can't think of any other information which is protected like this in the U.S. Not even classified documents.
If you're looking for a system with perfect information security, completely invulnerable to social engineering, if information in such a system exists, it's completely inert and practically useless.
@_date: 2014-05-24 04:10:01
That color scheme...
@_date: 2015-05-21 22:05:51
If you want a ledger with immutable event history (immune to tampering from db/sys admins) and implicit redundancy to prevent data-loss through decentralized storage a blockchain where each hash is dependent on previous hashes provides proof that no tampering could have occurred. (Blockchain technology can also make it easier to introduce useful features like anonymous multisig security and programmatic behavior, but it's kind of overkill for those ends.)
@_date: 2015-05-22 18:33:51
That's true. With git the time to create hashes is not very long however, so on the face of it there is less security in the knowledge that the whole chain of hashes wasn't forged. (Although if the git history is actually distributed in a decentralized way like git can easily be, it certainly might not practically be easy to get away with undetectable rewritings of history anyway). Registering hashes into the bitcoin blockchain however is pretty clever since it eliminates the problem by piggybacking proof that things were done when they were claimed to be done. That's a good design. You don't get tangential benefits of anonymous multisig security without more cleverness in playing with the bitcoin blockchain, but it certainly covers most cases (assuming you're not working on a network that really ought to be entirely airgapped -- well, even then allowing just a very minimal amount of unintelligible data out of the network would solve the problem).
The only other real case I can make for internal blockchains is that you might want to track ownership/custodianship of a set of company resources in an anonymous manner. If you're a big enough company with those oddly specific needs (why does it need to be anonymous and isn't there an easier way to provide anonymity?) an internal blockchain may be worthwhile? I'm not really convinced of the use case to be honest.
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:19:03
Can you put the associated code up on a public repo on github so that way people can gelp find/discuss any potential issues with it?
@_date: 2016-01-06 11:16:31
If you already know that KYC is applied to the purchases in the EU, I guess I don't get why you would ask "You can also probably *evade* some taxes with this?"... perhaps you meant something like *avoiding* taxation through purchasing some off-shore gold as a non-reportable asset (a tax shelter). Well, you can do that with/without bitstamp involvement and the associated higher fees. Bitstamp doesn't really seem to add anything new/desirable to that setup.
@_date: 2016-01-06 10:09:35
I'm not knowledgeable on the specific subject, but I highly, highly doubt that Bitstamp can legally give gold to buyers without some serious form of KYC. I'm sure there are thus records that can be audited by the government and checked against filed taxes. I'm not saying that tax agencies would necessarily follow up on those quickly, but tax evasion by these means seems short-sighted since they'd be leaving behind a permanent paper trail they have no control over.
@_date: 2015-07-17 18:05:34
I think he's probably right about almost everything here for the long term, but realistically the companies that are going to make profits in the short term are those like Coinbase who play nicely with KYC and governmental agencies and also give users something that feels familiar and safe. Much of this is meaningless from a practical standpoint, but that doesn't mean there isn't a profitable niche there for the here and now.
AA knows what he's talking about but the general tone of the talk is perhaps a little scarier/alarmist for the general public and the traditional financial sector than it needs to be. The world fears change and it will explore draconian authoritarian options to try and stomp out things that it sees as threatening. Even if we're confident that those efforts won't succeed, I don't think instilling fear is conducive to achieving any of our ends.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:36:42
Whether or not they can track you and prove you committed tax fraud has nothing do with the legality of not paying taxes on proceeds from increases in the values of your investments in assets.
Maybe they won't catch you, especially for small amounts, but I'm just talking about the U.S. law.
If you don't care about the law and you think your chances of getting caught are slim then your only concern would be that large sums of black off-the-books money isn't always easy to spend on products/services you want in the same way that legal money is.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:28:11
I'm no financial expert, but two reasons someone might choose this over a personal secure paper wallet immediately come to mind (beyond convenience for people who don't want to deal with tech/security):
1) As of now there hasn't been any legal way to avoid getting taxed on the proceeds of your investments in Bitcoin (tax-free growth on Bitcoin investments is illegal). With Roth IRAs, the contributions you make are pre-taxed and the growth wouldn't be taxed so if Bitcoin grows a lot, you will make a lot tax-free.
2) Transfer of funds already in 401ks. Taking money out of 401ks pre-retirement can come with really really hefty fines (up to 40%!). So if you would prefer to rebalance your existing retirement investments to have a stake in bitcoin value (say you don't have the income to make that much in new contributions), you can now do so without taking the money out of your retirement account (which would be very costly).
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:49:26
Wolfram Alpha seems to give similar numbers.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:20:37
I wish you luck!
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:15:50
I can't imagine how investing less than $20 is really riding this rollercoaster. I bought a couple at 780 today. Won't get em till Friday. That'll be interesting based on the last hour.... =/
@_date: 2013-11-12 05:26:23


Sorry, but this demonstrates an incredibly shallow understanding of the situation. Just because tax rates for the rich are low doesn't mean it won't get worse. Currently, taxation is still progressive. Not progressive enough, but still progressive. There's a difference between there being a low capital gains tax rate as a matter of current bad policy and the wealth of the rich being undetectable and virtually nontaxable regardless of policy. If a monetary system with the same properties as bitcoins becomes truly widespread the problem becomes virtually unsolvable across the board -- capital gains tax, income tax, inheritance tax, etc. Progressive taxation is effectively impossible without knowing who owns what. The only possible tax, if any, that survives this fact will be tolls and sales tax which don't take into account the wealth of the individual making the purchase. This disproportionately hits low income individuals. A significant factor is the [Marginal propensity to consume (MPC)]( A sales tax is a flat tax, and taxes on retail sales and taxes everyone the same percentage based on their purchases. The less you earn, the higher your MPC is. Why? Those who aren't rich wouldn't be able to survive if they saved the percentage of income that the rich do because certain expenses are fixed for everyone (food, water, clothing, basic housing and appliances, etc.). The result is that the rich are taxed far lower in proportion to how much they earn. In fact such a system encourages the wealthy to hold onto their money or invest it in ways not subject to getting taxed.
Here's a huge issue with approaching taxation from retail sales: [capital gains]( In a flat-tax system, interest, capital gains and dividends are in essence tax-free. Guess where the wealthy make their money? From large investments -- the sale of stocks, bonds and real estate. In the bitcoin-land, for the moment, from buying high and selling low repeatedly or by short-selling to a profit. This wealth won't have a relatively small capital gains tax with bitcoins (which is the type of thing that Warren Buffet is talking about), this wealth will have virtually zero taxation (barring a complete rehaul of the system and throwing anonymity out the window). These profits are not covered by retail sales taxes. The only hope of making the system even a little fairer by taking into account MPC would be introducing progressive taxation which is thwarted by the anonymous ownership of capital. I think it's naive to think that we'll just be cutting out the middlemen across the board. The wealthy are best positioned by anonymous currency ownership.
I like anonymity. I think it's fucked up when you can't donate to a cause such as WikiLeaks because governments and services like paypal and banks get in the way to protect their own self-interests. However, I'd also like the poor to stand a fighting chance, and I don't see how bitcoins won't make that even harder than it already is.
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:40:44
lmao. To be fair, I think it's optimistic but entirely possible that people move say 10% of their checking accounts into Bitcoins within a few years. If that were the case, by my calculations and using a more reasonable 13 million bitcoins in circulation instead of 21 million, you get [nearly $20,000 per bitcoin]( These assumptions are not totally unreasonable... I'm not looking at 40% of the world moving all their money to bitcoins or anything. That's just 5% of the world (Americans) moving 10% of their checking accounts into bitcoins in a few years. Is it a wild number to imagine right now? Absolutely, but this math actually seems completely sound.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:43:28
It's caused by concerns about the currency's affect on the Child Pornography underground.
@_date: 2013-12-02 04:31:44
mtgox is notoriously difficult to get your money out of. There's also little reason to believe that they won't charge exorbitant fees on withdrawal. In short, mtgox is not to be trusted.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:48:17
I have my suspicions that the crash we just saw was triggered by market manipulators. There's millions to be made in those margins if you can pull it off.
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:02:35
To start off, here's my claim:
Assuming that on average, moving an average of only 1.00% of their M1 money (basically money in their checking's account) into a Bitcoins wallet is something that Americans will eventually find to be advantageous to them (for transactability or whatever other reason), the minimum worth of a Bitcoin should be at least $1,225.
Why? There's over [$2.58 Trillion USD in M1]( Taking 1% of that and dividing by the total market cap of 21 Million Bitcoins (ever), that amount is a little over [$1,225](
Granted, I'm being quite conservative by limiting this to the United States checking accounts when it's appeal is clearly greater globally. I'm also calculating based off of 21 Million bitcoins, [when there's currently only 12 Million in circulation]( and the last one probably won't be mined [until something like 2140]( and any lost bitcoins are vanished forever. One could argue for a value that's about double what I'm saying is the minimum bound based just on that.
Is moving 1% of your money non-optimal? Probably, but some will argue that moving most/nearly all of your money to bitcoins will become preferable, while others might say that moving any money into bitcoins will always be silly (unless done for speculative purposes). Since, what happens in the future is purely speculation, I just thought 1% is a reasonably conservative estimate given the fact that bitcoin isn't likely to stay the only significant cryptocurrency and that things could go potentially go awry. Even if most retailers never accept bitcoins, surely you could find some that would accept it? If you can better spend $1 in bitcoins for every $99 in usd of expenditures for goods you want, you're not losing utility by converting to bitcoins, even if you didn't get anything special out of the transaction being in bitcoins, right?
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:01:06


If bitcoins become widespread, taxation and regulation will be a serious concern for governments.


For the average user, yes. For a security conscious user, not necessarily. It really depends on the degree to which mixers and off-chain transactions can survive.
@_date: 2013-11-19 03:00:44
That' pretty absurd given how volatile the markets are right now. This is extremely disappointing.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:52:15
For a reasonable speculator investing in bitcoins, it's like playing the lotto with WAY better odds. The chance that you'll make a sizable few hundred percent profit is say over 20% (well within the realm of possibility). The chance that you'll come out at least even is probably somewhere over 40% assuming you bought before the masses heard about it. The chance that it will matter to your lifestyle even if you have a 100% loss is 0%.
I think the point is that assuming your risk is relatively insignificant to your lifestyle, a few dollars to some people -- a few grand for others, and you are prepared to lose the investment, why not let it do its thing and find a stable price point? If you have any degree of faith in the possibility that it might come back with big margins, who cares if the price is currently on the upside or downside of a bubble? So what if it pops? You'll regret it more when you missed out on an enormous  opportunity **where you were one the rare few who were positioned to win big** without losing anything important in your life. If you end up on the other side of a bubble, so what? You're still not getting hit in any way that hurts. If you can barely put food on the table, don't play the lotto. But if you can play the lotto without it hurting, don't. Bet on bitcoins instead especially when it drops.
You shouldn't fret over a 2 cent investment when it could very well make you a hundred bucks even if you could cash out with a quarter. You won't *really* miss it anyway. Really, pretty much no one's going to sit on their death bed crying about the $100 they lost to bitcoins, but some folks are definitely going to be sitting on their yachts smiling stupid about that silly investment they made against the markets back in the early 2010's.
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:51:45


Is 1,250 Satoshis per cent unreasonable? A bitcoin is sort of an arbitrary unit -- as are dollars, but satoshis and cents are indivisible. Talk about the worth of the total market cap (2.1 quadrillion potential satoshis = less than $17Billion @ $800/bitcoin), not the price of a bitcoin, if you want to question it's value. That's the total valuation of every possible bitcoin that can ever be created when valued at $800/bitcoin (about half of the market cap in bitcoins currently exists). Note that the US military had as much as $18billion go "missing" in the Iraq War.
The vast majority of money right now is digital, not physical. Whether we're talking USD or bitcoin. They're just numbers either in a centralized location, like accounts on banking computers, or in decentralized locations, like bitcoin wallets and the blockchain. Most money in USD never has any real physical "substance" representing it (yes, yes, electron configurations). M0 money supplies (physical dollars/coins) in USD in circulation is $1.2Trillion. Compare to about $2.5Trillion in M1 (checking accounts - nonphysical) and $10.5Trillion in M2 (savings accounts, money market funds, and CDs under $100k). So $17billion is less than 0.7% of all M1 money in the US. To put it simply, if you think the usefulness of bitcoins has a realistic potential to be greater than that, you should think that Bitcoins have a higher potential value. If you think that bitcoins could never be as useful as 0.7% of the money in people's checking accounts, you should think that Bitcoins are being over-valued. (Note I'm only talking about US dollars right now and if we include all currency as we should given it's global appeal, $17billion is far less than .7% of all M1 money in the world.)
 


Very few people even knew about it at the start of the year. Who accepts it is a function of how much publicity it gets. It's quickly becoming a household term which suggests that far more retailers will start accepting it soon, barring some reason not to. Since it provides lower transaction costs than other payment methods, there is every incentive to accept it. Prior to the congressional hearings from last week it wasn't clear where the U.S. government was likely to stand on the legality of bitcoins for transactions. Now it is clear that for the shortterm, it has been conceded to be a legal instrument by all important parties. This will encourage retailers to engage in it. Since the collapse of the Silk Road, it's association with illicit activity has mostly gone away and it has started to be seen as something mainstream for a retailer to accept.


Right now, yes. The markets were not mature enough to completely deal with the transaction volume over the last week. The last week is not a good indicator of the future since the congressional hearings and press triggered *massive* swings in the market by new speculators and by old players who thought it was an opportunity to cash out. These swings are unlikely to continue indefinitely. As bitcoins moves hands to more parties and the market saturates, the price will inevitably stabilize at *some* value.


Bitcoins were created only a few years ago. They received almost no attention until this year. No one used the internet for decades after it's creation. So what? Awareness of bitcoins existence is growing exponentially. Do you have any reason to believe people won't be paid in bitcoins a couple years from now?


Bitcoins make international purchases and purchases without needing to give personally identifying information easy. The very fact that people can give others bitcoin tips on reddit without having any idea who they are makes it obvious that converting to bitcoin provides users new functionality and that it is not "redundant."


This is pure confirmation bias. There is no way to look at a chart and tell whether something is over-valued or not. S-curves and parabolic bubbles look the same when you look at the first portion of it. Will it "crash" again? Probably, just because speculation is rampant and volatility is high right now. But, so what? The real question is what it will recover to and where it will stabilize. It's "crashed" before, but the value is now largely accepted to be multiple times greater than it was at the peak of the last "bubble."  Whenever you have rampant buildup there's like to be some corrections along the way, but these aren't necessarily crashes and the value isn't necessarily inflated. It just demonstrates price volatility at the time. Look at the fundamentals of the technology to determine it's longterm value, not the volatility of the prices over the course of such a short time interval.


It's not completely anonymous in the sense that if you don't take steps to obscure your identity, there are ways in which many users can be tracked down by a particularly interested party. However your identity is indubitably more anonymous than with something like credit card purchases.


There's nothing fundamentally cumbersome about the technology. The interfaces by which we deal with bitcoins are bound to become more user friendly. Also note that most people are becoming "tech people." Even in the poorest countries, technologically advanced phones are gaining a lot of adoption. You don't have to know how something works to use it.


This is mostly true. If you're gullible, you can be scammed just as you can if you give cash to someone untrustworthy. But if those getting your money aren't really anonymous, as you claim, they'd also be subject to law enforcement if they were doing so in large scale.


This is mostly because of recent speculation and the fact that retailers have not had the time/resources or legal confidence to accept bitcoins in the past. Speculation doesn't last forever and the adoption is becoming more and more likely as awareness of bitcoins increases.


This is true and it's rather unfortunate. However, physical transaction of currency and traditional digital currencies have large energy inefficiencies as well. However, the move to more energy-efficient hardware for computations in mining is encouraged because it increases miners' profit margins.
If bitcoin fails to reach mainstream adoption, which it might, it will probably be caused by either a competing virtual currency or draconian laws or telecom policies against those who facilitate its usage. Anonymity is the first aspect of it that makes it an easy target to some corporate/government-backed crypto currency which is not anonymous. Advancements in quantum computers, massive DDOSing of the primary market places for bitcoins, malicious flooding of the network with cancer nodes, or the uncovering of some serious unforeseen security holes in the protocol may also bring Bitcoin down. Tainting of bitcoins by companies who seek to de-anonymize users might also bring it down and have users switch to an even more technologically anonymous currency because they don't want all their transactions being kept in some public record for anyone, including oppressive governments, to abuse. Uncertainty about the newness of the technology, market manipulation, and speculation are currently the biggest factors in the volatility of bitcoin prices. The volatility is making a lot of people very rich, however it's in the best interests of gaining widespread adoption that the markets settle down since this is buying time for more deeply regulated alternative currencies to gain hold. 
I think there's a good chance that Bitcoins will be one of many cousins which will mutually co-dominate future transactions and be easily convertible from one to another, allowing both arbitrage and increased market efficiency. There's also a good chance that Bitcoins will become worthless in favor of these cousins, but I don't see that happening for at least a little while.
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:53:24
From that description, I highly doubt a dictionary attack was used. Seems far more likely that a system you used to enter the password was compromised.
@_date: 2013-11-16 18:59:59
No, you can't lose bitcoins like that.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:17:51
I absolutely get that. It's a wise move. It's way too volatile to put in money you can't afford to lose. I just find the contrast of $20 a bit funny, since worst case scenario it's about 2 hours of minimum wage work. (For the record, I'm also not made of money.)
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:13:32


The fact that it can be illegal for consenting parties to privately pass each other numbers is absurd. The fact that making it illegal has precedent through copyright law doesn't demonstrate that the government has a right to imprison or fine individuals for the act of passing numbers. It demonstrates that copyright law is absurd.
In my opinion, private information transmission between parties should be unconditionally regarded as a basic human right. Can basic human rights sometimes be helpful to someone who wants to do something bad? Sure. All rights can be made use of in the process of harming others. That doesn't mean that infringing the right is ethically permissible.
For those who are so very concerned about copyright owners ability to make a larger profit from their work, ask yourself what makes you think that individuals ever have a right to a *monopoly* on the transmission of a certain piece of information? Because otherwise they won't make as much money from it? So what? From where did they acquire this right to make a profit from coming up with a work? No one is forcing them to make or distribute the work. If they don't want to make it, because it's not profitable enough, fine. They can choose not to make it. No one is forcing them to make a living off of works that need to be copyrighted. They don't have the right to interfere in other people's private exchanges because they *want* to make money in this particular manner. They don't have the right to own a number because they yelled "first!" either. They don't have the right to have big brother enforce these infringements on other peoples rights just to make money by these means. Might does not make right. When law and morality splits ways, which do we observe?
@_date: 2013-12-14 19:12:52
You're right that speculation does not give the currency value, but without market adoption, why would retailers go through the hassle/risks of accepting bitcoins as payment? Distribution of bitcoins is key. The less concentrated bitcoins are in the hands of just a few, the more likely the price is to stabilize. The more likely the price is to stabilize, the less risky taking bitcoins as payment is and the larger the consumer base which have bitcoins and are willing to pay via the method is. People hold onto bitcoins because they don't have confidence that the price is stable and that they can get them back at the same price at a later date. If the masses can get easy access to bitcoins, most of these problems will become obsolete. Anything that increases circulation of bitcoins amongst the general public is a positive thing. There is no "BUY" without a "SELL."
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:57:53
You are correct. Fixed?
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:50:52
This just rehashes the story about BIPS from last week found here: [Bitcoin Payment Processor BIPS Attacked, Over $1m Stolen](
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:35:54
This is not an unfounded viewpoint. Bitcoin is extremely transparent in ways that cash is not. Every transaction on the blockchain is public. The only question is whether or not the identities of those possessing the addresses will somehow be left obfuscated enough that users retain some degree of privacy. Each transaction that results in real world products/services which are in the open is a transaction that can reveal the identities of multiple parties. Can clever people move their money in ways and share addresses in manners that make them difficult to track? I believe they'll find ways to do so, but for most people this is essentially broadcasting all your bankstatements to the world and for organizations like the NSA, that's a gift from heaven. There's going to be a TON of data to mine.
@_date: 2013-11-24 08:10:13
Investments come with risk and bitcoin is particularly volatile. It's either going to be worth a ton or worth next to nothing. If $100 is something you're ok with losing for the potential to make several hundred, I'd say go for it when the price dips, but don't wait too long.
@_date: 2013-11-23 19:46:52
I had the same experience. When it states that you will get a large sum by a given date, you expect it to deliver. When they don't and they also don't respond to your support requests, which frankly they haven't for most of us this week, it's not unreasonable to think that either fraud or severe incompetence is the cause. When the transaction stops showing up in your history, it's beyond sketchy. Given Coinbase's current position, right now whether or not Coinbase delivers is something that significantly impacts the reputation of bitcoins as a whole. Failed promises are worth bringing to a transparent forum of active users who would not want to be in the same position.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:46:25
I'm not one of the "to the moon!" folks, but this hearing basically could not have gone better. HUGE WIN.
I'm just upset I sold this last weekend instead of doubling down. Thought there would be a dip after the hearing when I could buy back in and instead it has increased in value by 50% and the Coinbase market's freezing me out due to demand.
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:57:02
Whoops. Wolfram alpha was messing with my math. Fixed.
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:11:05
Excellent question. I'm sure some people are arbitraging right now, but it's difficult to tell what will be worth it. As others have mentioned this boils down to liquidity. The transactions/conversions on these markets are absurdly slow compared to the volatility of the markets. MtGox is notorious for making it difficult to get your money out.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:18:35
The votes aren't proportional to individuals' impact. They're roughly proportional to how many individuals voting think that they were the *most impactful* out of the options they recognize. People who know about the influence of Musk or Nakamoto, almost certainly know about Snowden. Given one vote, it's unsurprising that the block would generally select Snowden given his enormous impact. Anyone voting for Kanye or Murray is clearly a fan of theirs or a whole different type of voter who doesn't follow or really care about non-entertainment world news.
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:21:15
What scares me about bitcoins or some currency like it is that it could make dodging taxes extremely easy for the wealthy. I like cutting out the middlemen, but I worry that it's going to come at a cost for progressive taxation and in effect increase wealth disparity.
There's another aspect of it here in the early stages -- as long as prices are unstable. Those with wealth have a lot of liquidity. That makes these price fluctuations incredible opportunities to make huge sums of money for those who already have a lot to gamble with and the time to recover any losses. The average person probably doesn't have the capital and time to seriously invest in something that carries risk like bitcoin.
I also have little doubt that we will be seeing (if we aren't already seeing) significant price manipulation by those who have lots of liquidity. Mass sell offs to trigger panics and then buy back when they hit a low can be incredibly profitable and the high concentration of bitcoins in the hands of a few (which is the case right now) makes this quite feasible.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:43:18
I sold at 433 and bought back at 780. Not looking particularly promising given the enormity of the crash we just saw, however if the media doesn't jump on it's volatility, there's a chance the value will go back up.
@_date: 2013-08-12 04:18:54
[More information here](
@_date: 2013-11-10 22:57:36
The two are not mutually exclusive.
I'm speculating until the price stabilizes in the sense that I'm not going out and purchasing products and services yet. I am also timing my buys and sells so that I can accrue a larger number of bitcoins without increasing my dollar investment. I think their potential value is still too high relative to the market cost not to sell without the intention of buying back right now.
I'm not aiming at cashing out at the peak of a bubble or anything so in that sense I'm not speculating.
I believe that the currency (or some cousin of the currency) will become ubiquitous within a decade or perhaps a few decades depending on the size of the government backlash.
I would love it if the price stabilizes and products/services for bitcoins become ubiquitous, cutting out middlemen, but I'm also concerned about the impact the currency's structure will have on the ability to adequately enforce progressive taxation and prevent large scale money laundering within criminal enterprises. I think the crackdown on the SilkRoad was caused primarily by the foolishness of DPR in covering his tracks and not so much by the skills of law enforcement and government agencies, so I'm concerned about how more adept/professional criminal activity will be kept in check without the government pushing for greater authoritarian powers.
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:05:40
Bitcoin has a maximum cap of 21 quadrillion Satoshis. This gives users confidence that bitcoins wouldn't become worthless as a result of inflation once it is used to store as much value as the market gives it. Without a reasonably low cap, the value of any currency is doomed to plummet towards 0.  Altcoins are inflationary and share the same marketplace making them competitors. If there are too many of them, the cap on the number of bitcoins becomes meaningless since you basically have to sum up the caps of all the currencies being actively used in the market. If the total cap of units increases but the market cap (valuation of all cryptocurrency) stays the same or decreases, each unit loses value (basic supply and demand). Units of cryptocurrency are essentially doomed to become worthless if the cap on the number of units of used cryptocurrency isn't kept low.
Very few altcoins *really* add significant innovation -- they're essentially just copycats with minor modifications to make a marketing pitch. Why are there so many of them? Mostly because the people who create them are the first to be able to get significant quantities of them. They are largely "pump-and-dump" schemes fueled by greed. Invent a new currency and get the media to bite on it's supposed advantages. Let the price increase due to speculation and then cash out. Most of them were not designed with much real thought and are little different from Ponzi schemes.
There are a few ideas that may have value. For instance:
Litecoin: faster transactions and just generally as a tool to arbitrage with Bitcoin for market efficiency, also somewhat easier to mine on regular computers
Namecoin: decentralizing DNS (domain names) -- not even primarily a currency
Zerocoin: untraceable transactions for improved privacy
Most others don't contribute anything of significance at all. Either way, the more altcoins get attention, the more likely it is that it all become worthless. The market isn't big enough for more than a couple major cryptocurrencies to succeed. Jumping to some new altcoins at this phase undermines cryptocurrency's hope of gaining stability. Unfortunately everyone knows that there's a lot more easy money to be made for them as individuals by pumping up some new altcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:05:41
[Less than 20 years ago on the Today Show the news folks didn't even know what the internet was.](
What kind of an indicator is the average guy in Times Square on an incredibly new technology? Can they even tell you what a derivative is? Does that make derivatives worthless?
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:01:33
I think it's premature to say that at this point. Bitcoin certainly has a great headstart, but who knows what's to come in the years and decades ahead. A few years back people would say the same thing about Myspace. A tiny percentage of the planet has heard of Bitcoin.  Let's keep it in perspective.
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:39:22
[Transaction fees are not really "dispersed" in a traditional sense. They go to the miner/mining pool which mines the block with the transaction.](
[The blockchain is not "paid" for by any centralized party. It is effectively maintained by the very fact that the network as a whole respects it. It is shared by all nodes.](
Blockchain.info is just a third-party broker/wallet-service that has no special significance for the Bitcoin protocol. It does however display information about the current state of the blockchain in a manner that people appreciate.
@_date: 2013-11-24 18:07:23


Where do I assume that? 100 years from now, USD may be worthless, but that doesn't mean I don't keep any money in dollars. It's irrelevant so long as I have reasonable liquidity.