@_author: glenpickle
@_date: 2018-06-08 15:55:13
False. I recently purchased chicken wings with ethereum and lawn care equipment with Monero. Sounds like money to me
@_date: 2018-06-08 16:51:29
I could have easily paid with a debit card, but I like to use crypto currency as actual currency. If everybody holds all the time it won't be worth anything and the revolution will be dead
@_date: 2018-06-08 16:26:32
Cause I had some Monero and needed some lawn equipment
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:36:03
But if only Bitmain has the ASICs then the vulnerability still exists, as Bitmain could perform the attack
Having a single entity holding that much of the hashrate is a major risk. Many people trust Bitmain, but blockchains were made to be trustless, so we shouldn't have to trust Bitmain
@_date: 2018-04-09 02:57:13
The article says the Monero fork was arbitrary and just about mining, but that is absolutely untrue. ASICs are not just a problem for GPU miners' bottom lines, they pose a serious threat in the form of a 51% attack
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:29:37
The problem was that Bitmain was the only entity with the real ASICs. They only decided to start selling them to the public when the PoW change was announced. I really like Bitcoin, and it's one of my top 3 holdings, but it is vulnerable to 51% attacks:  - having ASICs for sale to the general public has certainly helped reduce that threat, and I'm all for that. If Monero ASICs had been available to everyone, I don't think the Monero community would have had a problem with this situation, and the fork wouldn't have happened. It happened because one entity took control of something that was supposed to be for everyone, while simultaneously posing a rather large threat to the security
It wasn't the whim of one developer either, a large majority of the Monero community supports this fork and has been asking for it since it was discovered that Bitmain controlled so much of the hashing power
I do think this has made Monero more decentralized, not less. The mining has now become much more decentralized because one company isn't holding more than half of the network hashing power
Also, the Monero devs are prepared to tweak the PoW again if need be. More ASICs can be built, but it takes time, and nobody wants to invest in building ASICs to try to hit a moving target
Edit: to be very clear, I'm not against ASICs, I'm against centralization. ASICs are a great tool, a great investment, and a natural progression of blockchain technology. What I am against is one company holding all the ASICs, as it greatly reduces the security of the network. I'm very in favor of the free market, as you'll see from my comment history on r/libertarian, which is part of why I like Monero so much. I think this will be a great test of whether or not the free market desires ASIC resistance, and only time will tell
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:58:12
The threat had certainly materialized though. Bitmain ASICs controlled over 51% of the hashrate
The core idea of a blockchain and it's security is based on decentralization. If the hashing power is centralized though, the security is at a serious risk of a 51% attack. 
As a professional cyber security engineer, when you know that there is a huge vulnerability that can be exploited at any moment you don't wait for it to happen and patch it afterwards. You stop it from happening in the first place, and that is what the recent hard fork accomplished