@_author: globalspx
@_date: 2018-09-09 08:44:49
Omg haha however, marekstopka is right. Selling bitcoin merchandise in another currency than bitcoin is weird and kinda misplaced. That's no criticism on you because in the end, it is not your mistake but the mistake of the platform. 
This, however, shows again how underrated bitcoin and crypto currencies as currencies are. That's so sad. 
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:16:08
Today, I was wondering myself if hodling has a future - speaking in long-terms. I think you always have to invest in the right crypto currencies to earn smart passive income by earning regular dividends. On the one hand, I'm pretty sure that staking, holding and running master nodes in 2018 will really take off and is an excellent opportunity to get hold of some cheap coins to earn that passive income by dividends. On the other hand, however, I assume it must be really hard to know which coins are a good investment. Especially, when you are new to this.
@_date: 2018-08-24 00:08:56
I talked about this with some friends recently. We came to the conclusion that Bitcoin can reach one million USD. However, in order to reach one million USD (!) the US economy would have had to collapse. 
If the US dollar hyper inflates and loses its value than the currency will be worth nothing - like in Zimbabwe or Venezuela right now. It CAN happen to the US but of course I hope not lol 
But if it does happen a Bitcoin can be worth one million USD but that does not mean it will be worth one million in Russian Rubels or any other foreign currencies. Because we are talking here about the US currency system (only). 
In conclusion, no I do not think that it will be worth what one million USD is worth today ;) 
@_date: 2018-08-12 22:10:17
Oh I see what you mean. Okay, I'm completely with you. But I have to say, the\_antonious and Sportswala are right when they say "who gives a shit or who gives a BCH"
At the end of the day, everyone has to know what they want to do or what they do. I mean, if someone is falling for this scam it’s their fault. Why should you or even we bother? I mean, you know for yourself it is a scam. I do know too (because of you – thanks ;)). Nevertheless, even though I would not have known this in advanced I would not have had spent any BCH or so there. Why should I?\^\^ 
@_date: 2018-08-04 20:49:47
Very nice. But a little bit obvious that the bitcoin Pokemon (or should I better say cryptomon) has the same suffix like the most popular and known Pokemon Pikachu ;) 
It is, however, a really nice idea and I like the sound of 'the electrifying cryptomon'. I hope mine can run up the highest peaks with ease the same lol
@_date: 2018-08-11 21:51:41
Why is this super scammy and annoying for you? I can imaging it might be annoying, if you see this everywhere in your neighborhood but why does it appeal scammy to you? In my opinion, this is just a nice way to use bitcoins and other crypto currencies in real life. Don’t see that so much ;)
@_date: 2018-08-23 23:53:27
On the one hand, I do think it is a great idea that William Shatner is 'pushing' Bitcoin miners to use solar power. I think it is really important to save energy (when possible) or at least consume as 'green' as possible. Not only for Bitcoin mining but in general and daily life. In addition, it is a good thing that the company wants to provide solar energy service to the crypto community. 
On the other hand, however, it is very hipocritical from William Shatner to say things like being proud to be part of a company that's powering the digital currency revolution. As in the article stated that he is not in favour of bitcoin and crypto currency. Solar Alliance should have looked for a different spokesmen to represent this issue. Just my opinion, though.
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:40:57
I'm still very sceptical about the Venezuelan cryptocurrency. The Petro is probably a scam. I do believe, however, that a better-designed cryptocurrency could work (for this country). 
I mean, how can the white paper, which was published by the country's government say that it will be an instrument for Venezuela's economic stability and financial independence, when Venezuela is the issuer of the world's least stable currency? How can the Petra then become a the most trustworthy? 
In one sense, the idea is as ludicrous as it sounds. Only the most credulous investors will trust a currency issued by Venezuela’s socialist regime, which has debased the bolívar, expropriated private enterprises, ridden roughshod over the country’s constitution and faces sanctions from the United States and the European Union.
But there is a germ of sense in what Venezuela is proposing. The country is suffering from hyperinflation, with prices doubling every month. Therefore, Venezuela needs the “economic stability” promised by the white paper. In theory, adoption of a crypto-currency, impervious to political whims, could provide that.  
For Venezuela, whose crypto plans are more advanced, the petro might simply be a way to evade American sanctions and raise cash it desperately needs. Maybe. As the United States has frozen the dollar assets of the country’s president, Nicolás Maduro, and 48 other Venezuelans this year.
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:49:07
Oh I see! 
I really like the idea. How did you come up with this? What was your inspiration, except of the love of Pokemon and cryptocurrencies? lol
@_date: 2018-08-12 23:46:40
You are so right. Glad to read that others finally see it the same way.
I mean of course can some crypto currencies be used for gambling and investing and making more money out of it. But, as you and others already said, bitcoin itself was not meant to be for that.
You know what’s funny. It kinda reminds me of monopoly the game. This game was also meant to show the bad sides of capitalism. However, people liked the capitalism part of it the most. You know the ‚having all the money and owning all the houses‘ feeling^^