@_author: glorybeing
@_date: 2014-03-17 05:59:20
Never too late to start.  I started when I was about 8 years old; code was like magic to me, and I dreamed of the days where I could fluently write that magic.  I started / learned by just fuckin doing it.  I'd have a goal in mind, then I read other people's code (plagiarize) to make what I wanted happen.  Turns out, when you do that, your brain gets more and more familiar with what you're doing and eventually you just "know how to code."
My recommendation is to not talk, go get it done.  If you've got an idea, just work on it.  Don't pull a Mt. Gox, as in don't use shoddy skills for important shit, but a game is fine to have shit code in.  By the time you've got a neat project going, you'll be so much more fluent in coding that you'll probably want to start over...and the cycle then begins! 
@_date: 2014-09-21 16:54:34
I go into specifics and propose a direction.  This is the beginning phase of building something.  Instead of broad strokes "killer app this, kill app that," I propose a plan.  It's very different from just talking.
I'll keep working on my project, however slow the progress is, and at some point I'll have a working prototype.  I just thought it'd be nice to have people join along and actually brainstorm a direction.
@_date: 2014-01-05 22:59:27
Hardware isn't all that difficult to learn if you have an affinity for logic and are an experienced programmer.  That's the background I had before messing with hardware and I readily got the hang of it.  It really changes your perspective when programming, too, because of the more nuanced understanding of what you're doing.
I appreciate the interest.  I'm really convinced something like this device will be a great benefit for the usability of bitcoin so I'll be working hard to get it built, then bring the costs down as low as possible.  Maybe it'll only be me and a couple of others in this thread using it but that's good enough!
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:49:54
I think that's a false generalization.  Maybe I live in a bubble of poverty, but I don't purchase anything I can't have paid off within 1 year.  I find more people my age (mid twenties) to be in that category than people in the range of my older friends (40s and 50s).  
People over their 40s but younger than say their 70s seem to have been alive during a time of EXCEPTIONAL amounts of buying on credit.  People my age see that, don't think it makes sense, and generally don't partake in that behavior.
Again, I may just live in a bubble of poverty and perhaps it's different for people making large sums of money.
@_date: 2014-03-17 03:51:50
Ah, interesting, other people are thinking about this.  I already have several projects which will use some ideas related to this moving around my brain I plan on working on after I finish my current game project.
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:56:41
Dear god this is amazing!
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:56:22
There was a time before lending when people still owned houses.  They just weren't so damned expensive...
@_date: 2014-03-17 03:27:32
The problem is we're all tied to the context we've been raised with.  Bitcoin is already proving that context is, in many respect, invalid.  The comparison that "most people use banks" that you present as if it's a valid comparison simply doesn't work at all.  Bitcoin isn't a physical, tangible device requiring assistance to secure.  
You can simply save all your recovery information, print it, and store it in a safe deposit box.  Bam, a centralized, secured location YOU CONTROL now has a backup in case things burn down / you forget the password.  You can make several of these backups with no issue.  Most people wouldn't want to deal with it?  Most people deal with banks right now; in this scenario, you wouldn't NEED to deal with banks at all.
Imagine: no more depositing checks, no more wire transfer fees, no more "takes 2 business days to process," no more working on the banks schedule.
Let's be realistic here.  If someone gets abducted by aliens, an anal probe implanted that wipes their memory and makes them believe they're a rock, they probably won't have access to their money no matter how it's stored.  We can come up with ridiculous scenarios all day where people can't access their money.  I think what you need to do, and what most people need to do, is OBJECTIVELY think of these situations (apply them to banks as well as bitcoin).
I mean...just consider all the stuff you need to do with a bank.  Opening a business bank account, for instance.  They need 2 forms of ID, your social security number, contracts regarding the business, proof that you're a legal business, etc etc etc.  It takes a good few hours to get everything solid and ready to go.  We're so used to the way things are it's hard to see how completely fucking retarded it all is.
*Added note:  Let's not forget, also, that giving the banks the power they have creates some really fucked up situations.  Fees up the ass for things most people don't even realize (I had an account where I left $40 in it.  I later went to take the money out to find a 0 balance because they drained $10 a month when your balance was below $50....WTF?), screwing with you when you make large deposits / withdraws, and for all accounts, making money off the funds you trust them with...just so many things, the list is HUGE.  Bitcoin has some weaknesses, but when creating a pro/con compared to our current system...it's astronomically superior.
@_date: 2015-05-24 21:24:55
I'm actually a professional software engineer.  I'm not a marketer.  This is a conversation about marketing in a place that is used for discussion.  If people didn't discuss things, there would be no one here and nothing would ever happen.
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:56:18
Great opinion you have!  Because there haven't been literally *millions* of INCREDIBLE ideas that were revolutionary, which have been squashed because they never caught on.  Look at the countless products and services that have come in the past.  Look at the countless projects which have been started, which FAR higher budgets than the market cap of bitcoin, and see what happened.
Everyone here acts like the adoption of bitcoin is inevitable.  Technological advancement != adoption.  I'm sure Copernicus, Galileo, Da Vinci, and others would have loved it that were the case.  But it isn't.  
FYI, your know-it-all presumptuous attitude isn't helpful to anyone.  By far most of my money is not in bitcoin and I care little for the financial gain of it.  I'm interested in a better monetary system.  I work in software for traditional fintech and want to see bitcoin adopted.  As it stands, things are turning into a toxic echo chamber and it would be great if new people who aren't necessarily INVESTED in bitcoin would become interested. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 14:36:19
I disagree.  Yes, it needs to be user friendly, but this is a TECHNOLOGICAL problem, not one of infrastructure.  
Once someone creates a device to make Bitcoin easier, then banks / centralized institutions will become irrelevant, and that way of thinking becomes the past.
Consider what saved Apple: the iPod.  It was just a glorified MP3 player, but it made it so easy and user friendly that it launched that tech into the stratosphere.
Bitcoin needs an iPod.  Phone apps aren't enough, we need dedicated circuitry that shrouds the complexity while maintaining all the security.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:43:59
Exactly.  
Beyond that, no single person can get this started, it's a group effort.  It will require people with more means than any of us individually.  I'm a little disappointed by how negative the reaction is any time this concept is brought up -- it's the blinders I was talking about in the original post.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:31:49
It's rare compared to the population of the US, yes.  Let's think of other things that are rare compared to the population of the US.  Terrorism (9/11, Boston Bombing), Ebola, etc.  Asset forfeiture is scary not because it's frequent, but because it's POSSIBLE.  People who aren't aware of it should be, and some kind of ad involving bitcoin and asset forfeiture can inform about the problem and solution.  
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:03:10
A guy who broke the law and SHOULD be subject to asset forfeiture?  I'm talking about innocent people, not someone who legitimately went through the process and deemed a criminal.  He's a good example of how bitcoin puts the power back in the hands of the people, actually, since it wasn't a matter of instantly seizing bank accounts and grabbing a pile of cash.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:23:40
Yes, I agree.
@_date: 2015-05-25 20:16:25
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:14:28
Perfect!  Thank you for keeping up on this.  Funny, I'm using the same NFC debug board that those researchers are using.  Working basically full time on this project soon, have everything I need for the first prototype and I'm pretty happy with initial tests.
Will have an update when it's done!  
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:34:46
P2P is also very hard to sell.  Most of the people contributing won't have the largest stakes in bitcoin and won't get much value / reward from their contribution.
@_date: 2015-05-24 21:09:34
Because I'm not a bitcoin millionaire and I don't own a bitcoin company with millions of dollars on the line.  I'm a believer in the technology who's fed up with the current monetary system.  If I was a bitcoin millionaire, I would be.  I was mainly interested in why the people with power to do these things aren't.
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:06:55
It's a good idea to really get going on a local scale.  Small business is one of the key areas where I just wish bitcoin was readily accepted, due to them always have things like a minimum charge of $5.00, or a $.40 - 3% fee for using credit, etc.  And small business influence is obviously local.
I'm going to think about this some more.
@_date: 2015-05-24 21:19:17
These are good points.  Thanks for contributing to the discussion instead of providing worthless, attention seeking 1-line quips.
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:46:09
Yeah okay, lemme just trade in my software skills I've spent a life time honing and trade them in for sales / marketing skills.  Maybe I can find food that'll let me reallocate my ability points?
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:18:37
Are people in this subreddit just complete morons?  Do you know what a DISCUSSION is?  Let me get you the definition:
the action or process of talking about something, typically in order to reach a decision or to exchange ideas.
"the proposals are not a blueprint but ideas for discussion"
a conversation or debate about a certain topic.
plural noun: discussions
"discussions about environmental improvement programs"
synonyms:	conversation, talk, dialogue, discourse, conference, debate, exchange of views, consultation, deliberation; More
a detailed treatment of a particular topic in speech or writing.
My title literally started with "Discussion."  Are you too dense to read?  
What do you think throwing around insults and sarcasm does for anything?  I'd recommend you word your disagreements in ways that don't make you look like an angsty teenage prick who knows all the facets and wonders of the world.
I will not be doing an advertising campaign as I am not a marketer.  I wanted to discuss why we haven't seen one, and throw some ideas into the wild of what I personally would like to see if marketing begins and talk about possible mechanisms of making them happen.
What the hell is with people around here?  
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:56:00
This isn't the internet.  It's vastly different.  The internet had no rivals.  It had no special interests that needed it to fail.  It was a benefit to everyone.
It's like comparing the internet to power cables.  I mean, the internet depends on power but they are completely different in purpose and function.  
@_date: 2015-05-25 20:14:04
It doesn't provide a way to dodge the justice system.  Look at Ross Ulbricht.  What it does do is prevent a minority criminal element in law enforcement from abusing poorly thought out laws which make it trivial for them to steal from innocent, law-abiding citizens.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:51:26
I see the validity to your point.  I believe that bitcoin would rise to the occasion, however.  That if more interest were shown, activity on the needed changes would increase and resolve with more vigor.
Human beings have a wonderful quality of rising to the occasion.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:59:02
It isn't massive.  That's the point.  It may SEEM massive, but it's tiny.  News articles are written about tens of thousands of things.  Your neighbor down the road can have a nears article written about them.  That isn't advertising. 
What you're describing amounts to an echo chamber.  The only people looking at it are people already involved.  I just think there is a need to reach people outside of that.
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:12:05
We just disagree here.  For the reasons stated in my original post, and several others people have stated before, it's less about being ready for prime time and more about being necessary.  
The system works.  I happen to think it will work better when more people are involved.  The economics of it will scale, as it already has.  And solutions would come more rapidly with a bigger interested stake.
Nothing is ever perfect, but bitcoin operates in a way that's leaps and bounds beyond the current system. 
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:59:30
I'd encourage you to open your mind and abandon such rapid judgments of strangers.  You are wrong in a lot of counts with those sentences.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:23:20
It's a good concept, but it would require a foundation of some sort to manage.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:49:55
It doesn't need to be directly pushing.  It just needs to capture those themes.  Covering concepts like money going where YOU want it to go, etc.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:22:35
I don't claim to be a marketer.  Just starting a conversation.  Calm yourself...
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:44:21
Except it's being abused in a way that targets innocent people and their hard earned money, and people are afraid of it.  You can believe in whatever you want, it doesn't change a perception people have.
@_date: 2015-05-25 00:46:46
I actually like this.  It actually gets more to the heart of what I'm saying.  We don't need to convince people to use bitcoin.  We just need them to know it exists, respect it, and plant a seed in their brain that doesn't evoke notions like "scam" or "illegal."  It needs to do the same thing other legitimate systems do, and be seen besides those legitimate things.
 
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:46:45
A long ways away before I'd even think about getting other people's money involved :).  I'm more on your page with this device, though, as opposed to raw donating.
@_date: 2013-12-22 21:53:14
Yeah, I'll definitely be looking at that angle.  Could solve many issues regarding device compatibility (I mean...it wouldn't require some special card reader to use).  My main concern is power and making sure the user has control of when NFC is being used (in other words, it can't always be on like most NFC devices, and it must be VERY clear when it is on).
@_date: 2013-12-23 02:48:30
Here's the new concept based on ideas provided by you and others in the thread: 
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:55:02
I agree.  From feedback in this thread, I think NFC is a very real contender in completely eliminating a card reading device.  I find QR codes as a sole method of operation less appealing because it requires power and no passive means of recharging; if I did that, I'd have to have some cheap solar cells or something to enable charging.  What I don't want is for a user to have to actively recharge the device.  
But yeah, the card reader is definitely the least desirable aspect of this concept and I'm going to find a way to get rid of it without compromising what I'd like to accomplish.
@_date: 2013-12-22 21:02:50
I agree completely and that's actually something I'll be exploring after I make a basic prototype.  It's more complicated to put together than this device concept, but if I can make it cheap and reliable enough I'd personally prefer it.
@_date: 2013-12-23 08:59:24
Thanks.  Private keys are never exposed with the current idea as is.  I'd certainly like to do the camera, but I feel it'll be too complicated at this stage -- trust me, I'm on the same page as you though.  I just want to make the absolute simplest, cheapest device possible.  It'd be amazing if our current credit cards had cameras and such too; but, they're just shitty pieces of plastic :P.
The drunk comment is actually a key thing here, believe it or not.  If these things can be made cheap enough, then before a night of drinking someone can load a Crypto Card up with like $100 worth of btc for a night of drinking.  It's a brand new one they bought for $10 and they never keep money on it except for high risk times.  They lose it; it sucks, but who cares?  They just pull out a new one for another $10 to replace it.
Low cost is key.  No power / being a passive device is also key for this one.
Down the line, I'd want to make it as advanced as possible while keeping it dirt cheap (I'm talking no / tiny profit margin), but then also make a "premium" card.  A Platinum Crypto Card, you could say, that can be an active device that has more features, is more secure, is more usable, etc.
For this one, I do want it water proof, ultra-durable / rugged, and just STUPID easy / simple to use.
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:28:53
I was thinking about animated QR codes, good call on that one, but you know, for me I just feel like barcode scanning is a pain.  Maybe a good thing for a different wallet concept.  I'm looking towards something way more simple and with circuitry that doesn't need to be powered at all times.  The cost needs to be like nothing and it needs to be insanely simple to use.
I feel lots of people are honing in on the smartphone / peripheral device angle.  Just looking at the standalone angle, for those who do not like using smartphones for every transaction they do / do not have smartphones / only want a single device.
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:51:48
I have.  Looks nice, but costs too much for me and I personally can't imagine myself using it.  I'm sure it'll do very well though, it seems very useful.
@_date: 2013-12-23 09:03:32
I don't have a PDF or HTML yet but here's the text from the image (I'm going to have a much better presentation for people once I have a working prototype in a few weeks):
Crypto Card Concept
The "Crypto Card" device is a credit card sized, limited security portable wallet.  It allows convenient access to funds while still providing the electronic safety (read: not physical) necessary to keep the wallet safe.
Some key points:
-Thickness negligible.  Initially, this device would be rigid.  Ideally, the device is made with flex circuits to be as thin as possible and durable.
-Strength must be such that it can fit inside a real wallet.  
-Transactions are easy, are as fast / faster than a credit card, and users can be insulated from technical details that keep them secure.
-The device passively charges via NFC and is only powered on during use.  The E-Ink screen allows it to display without use of power for a few days before fading.
Brief Conceptual Technical Details:
Inside the device is a minimal hardware, BIP32 wallet.  Contains small rechargable battery that gets charged by NFC.  When performing a transaction, the card receives details from a merchant via NFC.  The card device then uses the information to generate an unsigned transaction internally.  The screen displays something to the effect of "Sending XX uBTC to Merchant (or address)," When this occurs, the card internally signs the transaction, then transmits it back to the merchant  or your own smartphone via NFC.  Once it transmits it reverts to the display of your wallet address (or whatever an advanced user programmed it to, or preset other options)
NFC port used for receiving transaction details (destination address, amount, signature, etc.) sending address (to receive funds), and sending signed transactions.
NFC is always off unless the user presses the signature button to initiate a transaction.
E-Ink screen (capable of functioning without power).  Will normally have address to receive funds displayed, but main function will be to verify transactions.  
When a transaction is received, displays the amount to send and the recipient.  Only while this is displayed, the Transmit port functions to send the transaction
Tactile Signature / Control button.  Initiates transactions.  Once a transaction is initiated and the user receives the details from a merchant, the user verifies the transaction on screen and presses the signature button to sign.
Possibility of multiple buttons and / or a touch screen interface for pin codes and other security measures
@_date: 2013-12-22 21:56:54
I definitely think a touch interface will be the way to go.  Mainly, I couldn't find a cheap prototyping source to make it with my initial concept.  This concept requires e-ink and I couldn't find a touch e-ink screen that meets my specifications.  
Down the line, touch screen is definitely going to be the way to go.  When I finish my first prototype, I'll have a revised image explaining it (and hopefully will have better art to display the concept), and I will likely get rid of the button and make it touch based (assuming I can do it with really low power).
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:45:35
I have 2 connections because I want to keep the signed transactions insulated from all other communication just to make it all clear (reduce confusion, force physical realignment so that people will easily form the habit of verifying transactions on the screen, etc.).
I feel NFC is very vulnerable security wise, in addition to this device being a non-powered device.  It'd need a physical connection to be powered.  
But, I get what you're saying.  Maybe I could consider a small rechargeable battery in the device that gets charged when transactions are perform, and when the button is pushed, it enables NFC communications (which are otherwise off) to make the device require less hardware.  Thanks for the input, I'll be thinking about that some more.  
As a side note, the reader would be dirt cheap, and I really think a physical reader would be the way to go at least down the road.
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:32:57
That's true.  I just don't feel I'm at that stage atm.  Asking for donations, for me, is serious business.  I'd want a physical prototype to share, a github with the hardware code, a website that breaks it down, and a youtube video explaining everything, all for both the laymen and technical.
Just testing the waters right now and making a tiny contribution.  I've got the money and time to produce a prototype already (albeit extremely limited budget).
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:29:19
True.  An exciting improvement to the concept, I think it'll be safe to eliminate the card reader at this point.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:06:53
Yes.  Downvote me if you'd like, but the people receiving Social Security had massive prosperity in their youth.  Now they demand prosperity in their old age.  They are vampires draining the life from the younger generations.
So yes.  Let them fend for themselves.  When I am 50+ years old, I will either make myself useful or rot away and die.  I sure as shit won't be a greedy old asshole and decrease the lifestyle of those younger than me, because that's not the way human beings should work.  
Good young people take care of the elderly.  Good elderly people DENY that care.  They certainly shouldn't DEMAND that care from the government.  
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:15:54
I love people who make assumptions about other's lives.  You have no idea what I spend money on, my level of success, my experiences, my accomplishments, and my relationships.  Part of where I am at in life is because I am capable of observing and speaking out against bullshit.
I am doing rather well.  Most people my age that I know are not.  They are riddled with debt, minimum-wage jobs, and a lack of direction.  Have you ever heard of speaking against things you can objectively observe as wrong without suffering from those wrongs?
@_date: 2013-12-23 02:55:14
After thinking more about this today and other conversations in this thread, I think your suggestions would be major improvements.  New concept illustrates it:  
I'd welcome some more input!
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:50:06
Haha, trust me I've been going there in my brain thinking about hardware wallets.  Down the line we're definitely going there, but for now, I feel like it needs to be kept simple.
Yeah, I know that it's different from credit cards in that regard; but, legally, it could be the same in the sense that if a merchant steals from you, it's still fraud, and you can still call the cops, etc.  I was thinking of a merchant signature system too, perhaps even hard loaded onto the card (downloaded daily).  Haven't really worked out the details here yet, but I think it should be easy to verify you're dealing with a legit merchant (and assume the risk if you aren't).  
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:27:57
Yeah, but it's a powered device with a full operating system, basically a mini computer.  It needs to be charged, etc.  It's a cool gadget but too expensive for what I'm envisioning and to much of a hassle to manage.
I'd like a device I can put in my wallet and forget, and only pull out when I need to make a purchase, without having to worry about charging it.  If, for whatever reason I want, I want to replace it with a new one, I don't want it to break the bank.
This is also an issue of impoverished communities having access to bitcoin.  The current solutions are for western civilization.  A non-powered, low-cost device could help enable easy access to underdeveloped nations.  
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:16:59
My idea is that this device would have a wallet accepted as less secure.  I can't speak on the ability to wirelessly access stored information yet; if necessary, it would have shielding.  But the private key would be encrypted and insulated from the outside world, and the device would have no solo ability to be powered or connected.  It depends on a reader for power and for communications.  So to that end, conceptually, since it's an unpowered device most of the time (E-Ink screens can keep an image for over 3 days without power), I feel it'd be pretty safe when not in use.
The biggest vulnerability with this concept is if the device is physically stolen or at the PoS.  The thing is, it's as safe if not safer than credit cards and debit cards, so I feel the risk is negligible vs the convenience.  If people only put a limited amount of bitcoin in the wallet this device is connected to, they can limit their exposure to risk.  Additionally, if you recognize that the device is lost, you could quickly attempt to recover it on a computer with a backup and transfer any funds out before an attacker uses them -- similar to cancelling a credit card before an attacker uses it.
Though a keypad or some sort of biometric security would be nice, I feel it'd add unnecessary complication and cost to the basic device and reduce its ability to be relatable without providing much in the way of security.  I was thinking that a "Premium" card, like a platinum credit card or something, could provide extra features at added cost (a finger print scanner, a small keypad for a pin code, etc).  Keep in mind, I'm using credit and debit cards as a framework here -- they are not secure devices at all.  If we can meet or beat the accepted level of risk found in those devices without impeding convenience, then we have something better than what currently exists (as bitcoin, inherently, is a better digital mechanism).
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:05:34
You obviously have never used Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:24:08
@_date: 2013-12-22 21:07:05
Good point, I'll definitely investigate NFC when I start prototyping.
I feel you on the merchant aspect.  I should probably make sure I have some alternative functionality for this thing in case a merchant doesn't have hardware.  That said, merchants do need to buy special hardware already.  A cardreader like this would be like $5 - $10.  An ipad or smartphone is like $600.  Definitely something I'll be thinking about and trying to solve.
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:26:06
I see!  Yes that could work well, thank you for sharing.  
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:07:30
1) Card will work for days without needed a charge.  In fact, in concept, it will never need a charge.  The e-ink screen will fade after a few days, but it will still function.  When a transaction is performed, the card should recharge / refresh the e-ink screen.  At least, for this concept.
2) A transaction log will be kept locally but the actual signed transaction will be erased after broadcasting.  The blockchain is the public ledger -- no need to store superfluous data ;).  If people want instant verification independent of the merchant, they can rely on a smartphone to see if the transaction was broadcast.
3) Theft is ALWAYS scary, bitcoin or any other currency.  The security for theft includes pepper spray, kung-fu, and in some states, a concealed firearm.
4) Good idea.  A little ambitious for me alone, but maybe down the line (also, I'm sure other people are already making such a thing that can be interfaced with).
5) The private keys are NEVER exchanged.  The retailer makes a transaction request, then the card internally creates the signed transaction.  The private key is never exposed, ever.
6) Yes, a balance feed sounds like a good idea.  Thanks for that idea.  This could give people an idea of the current market price so they can see if they're getting shafted by the merchant.  
7) I agree with this.  My initial reader design will just be USB, but more mobile reader solutions will definitely be made.  Although, since I'm warming up to NFC a bit more, I'm thinking the reader could possibly not even be a necessary component.  We'll see.
Thanks for the input!  I'm totally with you in that I think a design like this would allow bitcoin to be more mainstream.  I know it's unappealing to people in this subreddit, and honestly I wasn't expecting very positive reception, but most of the world is very unlike this subreddit (and unlike me).  Something like this makes bitcoin possible for ordinary people in a way they can relate to.  That's critical for bitcoin.  It can't just be some technical, geek-centered device.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:35:37
Agreed.  Unfortunately, most people don't look at things logically or mathematically.  In fact, most people are incapable of looking at things in such a fashion.
Additionally, in my experience, most people can't be convinced, ESPECIALLY the individuals who've had a great deal of time to solidify their viewpoints.  Luckily, the greatest force of change in humanity is the death of those who will not change, as is inevitable for all people, however morbid that may be.  
That is to say, my hostile viewpoint reflected above is for none other than myself.  It provides me with an intellectual enemy and coping mechanism for the complete stupidity and selfishness of both people who knew what they were doing and those who cannot even see a ponzi scheme when it's right in front of their faces.  I also think it would be a positive viewpoint for people to adopt.  SS and other such programs need to be cast in a negative light.  
Ironically, many of these same people call Bitcoin a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:21:51
I have a domain and server, and the image describes my concept so a video is not needed.  I'm not selling anyone anything, I'm sharing a concept.  I'm not looking for donations here.  I'm seeing if people like this idea, am trying to foster communication, and would like to spark some imagination on different approaches to hardware wallets.  
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:26:50
Ha, thanks!  I'm just a nobody trying to make something useful.  I appreciate the discussion and would be honored to someday deliver a device like we're talking about to you and others.
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:11:15
Yeah!  We're on the same page there.  Thanks for the idea, I feel much more comfortable with my design if I can eliminate the reader and replace it with a simple app.  I'm going to calculate all the power requirements and, hopefully, NFC will be capable of delivering that.  If not, I could supplement the NFC power with a small rechargeable battery.
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:08:43
EDIT:  Based on input in this thread, I created a new concept that will act as my target device.  It eliminates the need for a reader using NFC and I spent a little more time making the visuals for this concept (in blender).  Here it is: 
I find myself with a significant amount of free time, and though I've been patiently waiting I don't seem to see any reasonable hardware wallets being created.  I mean, as a more geeky-leaned person, I can use and appreciate the efforts currently out there.  Everyone is doing phenomenal work.  But, when I think about using these devices, I just can't imagine it.
I'm a strange one in that though I have a samsung galaxy s3, I absolutely despise smartphones.  I've been programming since I was 7 years old, and been building computers since before that -- if I don't like smartphones, MANY others do not either.  The idea of using an app on a phone in order to do bitcoin transactions is extremely unappealing to me.  I like credit cards / debit cards.  I like them alot.  For me, in order to use bitcoin at a physical merchant, I'd want a device like a credit card, but still not as trusting as a credit card.
Hence this initial concept.  I feel it provides the right level of security while not compromising convenience.  It's easy, so ANYONE can use it without any trouble, and it functions in an obvious manner with no way to break the functionality flow.  I know if it was me, I'd use this device.  
So, I intend to make it with all the free time I have.  I thought I'd share the initial concept and maybe spark some neurons in you guys.  I know many of you are much smarter than I am and could maybe improve upon the concept and even design a better one with a similar design ideology.  
My goal for the device is to make it cost around $10.  The less, the better.  I imagine I wouldn't make a profit on it, but I think it's important for something cheap, safe, small, familiar, and easy to get on the market for bitcoin to become more mainstream.  It will be completely opensource, so people with tech knowledge could mod it and would know the internals.
@_date: 2013-12-23 19:16:32
That's actually the current plan I have in mind.
I'd like to have a working prototype before I start asking for help development wise, as I may or may not need it.  As it stands, the entire thing is conceptually very straightforward software-wise.  If anything, the hardware is where my main concern lies.  Price being no object, this is moderately trivial; but to keep the cost to an absolute low while still delivering something quality and rugged will be a challenge.  Making a device as thin as I want will also be a challenge (that the prototype will not even try to conquer, mind you).  
It'll be an opensource project, as I think that is a necessity for anything related to self-banking, and I'm picturing I might need to design a smartphone app as well (which will also be open source).  I'll have a git repository online once I've got a working prototype for the device -- I intend to share hardware and software design.  
I'm looking around current opensource projects to see if I can save time on the coding front; I'll likely fork one if I find something suitable.  
All that said I appreciate the offer and will definitely keep it in mind if/when I'm in need of help.
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:58:10
Couldn't one speak the same worries about the US Dollar, at this point?  If I had to choose, I'd put my faith in mathematics rather than the words of people.