@_author: gloriousforever
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:34:21
Judging from the time of posting and comment history you are from China, mainland or hong kong I do not know. However I do have to tell you that WeChat’s Tencent News is a pure propaganda machine so do NOT base any opinions on that. See how it posts stories of adorable babies? Thats because china is experiencing birth rate decline and aging population so its using the news to promote procreation. The news about finding ancient chinese shipwreck in NanHai? Thats them trying to hint that China owns NanHai from a historical pov(which does NOT work under modern maritime laws). Use this logic, and see if every news source you see have an agenda behind it, of course western news sources are no exception to this rule. This is my advice for a person that is truly coming with a heart of humble.
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:19:48
SCMP used to be a Hong Kong newspaper, but Jack Ma of Alibaba purchased it in 2015. Whether or not it is biased is up to your decision. I personally don’t find it too biased. It is pro-china but i won’t imagine it being like brietbart, and its a reputable news source for most times.
@_date: 2019-10-10 00:38:56
Well I was in Hong Kong when the protests happened, being only an observer rather than a participant since i believe both sides have faults. Guess what? I did not see the level of destruction portrayed on chinese television, and I never paid any attention to western news on Hong Kong. Should I trust my own eyes or should i trust state media?? Also keep in mind, the chinese governments have people dressed up as protesters, evidenced in live footage of some “protestors” flashing signs at the police that prevented them from being captured, if you did pay attention to live news in Hong Kong, and there are also violent chinese hired thugs (white shirts) that beat up protestors to try to escalate the situation. 
Have you seen that photo of a group of reporters all taking a video of a burning trash can? Thats what Chinese media is right now. I do agree some violence probably occurred, but it is nowhere near the level as you might think. 
What lets you make the claim that the protestors are “attacking officers and destroying the city”? Is it you making the claim, or is it the media telling you to make the claim? You are a reasonable person, think for a bit, and while you are at it, read some news from hong kong, watch some live recordings, and then compare them to chinese news without immediately dismissing them as propaganda. Chinese media’s goal is preserving the image of China, western media’s goal is to get views. Both are going to be biased, but which one is more systematically biased is rather easy to tell dont you think?
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:20:49
This dude is a bot, check his comment history
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:27:29
Ur account was created two days ago. Well i did say bot so I am wrong on that part, but it is highly likely that you are a person dedicated to creating pro-China rhetorics (if you truly are a web citizen from China, then i guess good for you for having the courage and mindset to disobey laws surrounding vpns and censorships, and illegally accessing reddit).
@_date: 2019-10-09 19:15:05
Mistake, my bad. You get the meaning thou
@_date: 2019-10-09 19:15:44
Everybody does that. Tell me one news source which does not
@_date: 2019-10-09 14:45:28
Problem 1: the statement “it’s not biased”. Anyone who remotely has an idea about how the world works should know that a newspaper owned by a pro-china person would have a pro-china stance. 
Problem 2: the statement that hong kong people are traitors. Most Hong Kong people I know are pro one country two system, a perfectly working system which integrity is being compromised by the extradition laws. The extradition laws signal an authoritative takeover, which can be then seen through Carrie Lam’s actions and the collaboration between HK police and mainland. So no I would not consider them traitors, most still believe hong kong belongs to china despite what the news wants you to believe. 
Problem 3: the idea that the extradition laws are the only thing being protested. The extradition laws revealed China’s corruption of the Hong Kong’s governing system. It is this revelation that prompted the continued protesting, not the extradition law. 
Problem 4: if you lived in the US for 8 years, id assume you went to high school and then college here. There is a high likelihood you, instead of interacting with US citizens, only interacted with fellow Chinese people (purely an assumption based off of personal experience). This would create an echo chamber, which you on reddit should know pure well. Your english grammar and spelling also suggests that you haven’t really stepped out of your bubble.
@_date: 2019-12-03 09:46:23
There is a reason why stablecoins exists. Bitcoin way too volatile to be a viable currency. Its more of a riding a roller coaster and hoping the next stop aint the bottom. Bitcoin is viable as an face for cryptocurrencies, but currently the computational cost for mining new currency is going up more and more which will impact miner amount, and less miners= slower transaction speeds/fees. Bitcoin is viable as digital gold, not as a currency, and thats kinda it, there is no other function it provides.a
@_date: 2019-12-03 05:48:25
This is so wishful and nonsensical... i believe in the technology behind bitcoins, but acting like this is a magical way to get rich and that bitcoin itself is irreplaceable is kinda cultish and not really understanding the implications of the blockchain technology which is where the true value lies.
@_date: 2019-12-03 09:36:47
Not really thou... blockchain js a type of database that is able to be better than traditional databases in certain circumstances. Saying it is a shitty database means you need to look more into its potential uses (or u could just be a troll i dunno). There is a reason that JP morgan is doing jpm coin, and facebooks tried to make libra a thing. I’m pretty sure they know what they are doing, and that blockchain is a viable technology not just a “shitty database”
@_date: 2019-12-04 09:57:30
Never, never invest more than you can affordably lose. This is like the first rule of investing and the quickest way of fucking yourself over.