@_author: gloves22
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:46:27
This hasn't really been a problem for the vast majority of BTC's lifespan, so it's not really fair to say they've been working on it for 8 years. I do agree it's already been a problem for too long, though.
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:42:01
Nope, buying ASAP beats averaging in, generally.
@_date: 2018-08-22 11:33:58
In general market conditions. The market over time trends upwards, so maximizing time in the market tends to maximize returns. "Time in the market beats timing the market," as they say. 
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:40:51
They do have pros and cons. The pro of immediately buying your full position is maximizing your expected value. The pro of scaling in is reducing investment variance.
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:43:47
The idea between dollar cost averaging isn't "I'll buy now, and buy later at whatever price it is when I have more money/when I can afford it." The idea is "I'll buy now, and buy more whenever the price is $X" -- implying that you already have enough money to invest in your position anyway, but are waiting for a certain price point to buy more. Of course you may save up more money to invest in the future, but that's not really relevant to dollar cost averaging into a position.
@_date: 2018-08-22 11:34:15
Care to spend 5 mins on Google? 
@_date: 2018-08-22 10:06:16


Dollar cost averaging into positions statistically performs worse than just straight buying fully into your positions. Plenty of research has been done on this.
@_date: 2018-08-24 18:23:56
You could easily buy BTC from Coinbase when it was under $10/coin, at least. It wasn't too difficult.
@_date: 2014-04-02 03:52:28
Seems like you don't really understand the NAP, given he posted that "some people need to be killed" -- presumably people who had waived any moral claim to the NAP.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:45:27
You seem overly committed to this position, though at least you understand what it entails. Further, I think this view is morally repulsive enough to advocate for your removal in society, which would seem to mean (by your framework):
1) I (or anyone) would be morally justified in killing or incarcerating you 
2) You should take the morally correct action and commit suicide to improve the world. 
My framework for advancing this argument is something like:
1) An individual willing to condone genocide is immoral enough that their death has positive utility
2) You are an individual willing to condone genocide
3) Your death has positive utility.
I look forward to reading your obituary. Also, I have no idea why one line is blue.
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:19:50
"The guy you killed had it coming" seems to suggest that the victim had already shown he does not abide by the NAP himself and has committed harmful and aggressive actions towards others (which is at least a necessary condition for committing legitimate violence oneself).
As I read this post this way, I don't think his position really entails "disregarding the NAP" -- rather, the NAP explicitly allows murder and aggressive action in some scenarios, and I think it's debatable where the punitive lines should be drawn in a NAP framework. I think it's fully consistent to endorse the NAP and to say that "some people need to be killed". That said, it could be the case that effervescent_cyanide endorses killing in cases which most plausible NAP readings would find illegitimate. 
Hope this provides some more clarity re what I'm trying to say here -- namely that I don't think it's evident that effervescent_cyanide disregards the NAP. Also, I think there are consistent libertarian views which do not hold the NAP as fundamental.
@_date: 2014-04-02 07:41:08
I'm about to crash as well, but I feel like responding to this first because it seems interesting. Might get a bit philosophical here, fair warning. (Addition after writing: this did get philosophical and quite long, sorry! No need to bother if it's not your cup of tea!)
I think there are a few issues here, some of which you're entirely correct about and others of which are difficult to deal with. I think the conclusions we draw from these latter bits ultimately play a large part in defining us as people.
To start simply, it's undeniably true that acting on the basis of judgments are subjective and prone to irrationality, impulse, some personal flaw, or any number of factors. On this level, a deontological (rule/principle based) system like the NAP gets around a fair few problems. We can escape these decisions in the moment by committing to follow some rule(s) or principle(s) which we follow regardless of situation. Establishing which rules to follow can be done rationally, while level headed, and we can refine our ideas through reasoned discussion -- this seems like a better way to establish moral (and legal) principles than when we solely are acting in the moment, with emotions flaring, pressure to decide, and all sorts of terrible factors. This, however, is mostly a defense of the systemic principles the NAP rests on, and not the content of the NAP itself.
I also would agree that in general the NAP provides reasonable guidelines towards morally justified action and a decent starting point towards evaluating the actions of others. That said, I don't think it's perfect. I'll attempt to point towards a couple challenges here -- nothing that necessarily invalidates the NAP, but hopefully will give you something to think about. If you're unfamiliar with the trolley problem -- say there are 10 (innocent) people about to be hit by a train. The train cannot be stopped, but you (some sort of track-controller) have the option to pull a lever to switch the train onto a separate line before these people are killed. There is one (innocent) person on the other track. I think most strict readings of the NAP would suggest that it is an act of aggression to intervene and directly cause the murder of an innocent person, while letting the train hit the 10 is following the NAP. I don't find this answer to be morally satisfactory.
To broaden a bit (but in the same general theme), the NAP doesn't seem to account for utility or consequentialist ideas in any way. One innocent death intuitively seems preferable to 10, but the NAP (again, strictly read) doesn't value the utility of the additional 9 lives or grant any moral exception for performing a NAP-violating act, despite the fact that it saves others. And in the "slippery slope" behind "having it coming" -- I think we can both agree that society would be better off without a handful of our worst citizens such that the world would be better were they dead/incarcerated/similar, despite the fact that they may do nothing which allows us to act aggressively towards them. I agree fully that it's a slippery slope, but it seems that in setting the hard line that the NAP does, we are forced to accept people and things in the world which make us worse off as a whole. 
Lest I seem imbalanced here, taking it to the other extreme (pure utilitarianism/consequentialism) can run into some serious issues as it lends itself well towards things like slavery or massive redistribution of wealth that we are not so willing to accept. I've focused on the drawbacks of the NAP (and not of a more consequentialist view) as you seem to be an NAP supporter, but the main idea I've meant to bring out in writing all this is that it seems unclear where we should draw the lines. A strict following of the NAP will lead us at times to do things that are worse from a utilitarian standpoint, as we're committed to the NAP principle and not the idea of maximizing utility (think something like: most happiness for the most people, which intuitively seems like a decent idea). On the other hand, a strictly utilitarian idea may threaten individual autonomy and allow for some actions which we intuitively don't want to accept. This isn't to say that qualified or moderated views on either side aren't possible, but instead is to say that there are interesting critiques that need to be dealt with for a libertarian framework to be morally satisfactory (in my opinion).
If you want to know a bit more on the other "version" of libertarianism (libertarianism coming from the NAP is commonly called something like "natural-rights libertarianism," as it holds that we have some natural rights to not be treated aggressively, to property, etc.), it's typically called "consequentialist libertarianism," and you could see:  that page. It's a bit dense, so if that's not your cup of tea the wiki page is just a couple paragraphs: 
Reading effervescent_cyanide's reply, it seems like he endorses this idea of "consequentialist libertarianism" as opposed to anything endorsing inherent rights.
@_date: 2018-03-10 09:12:41


No, you need to work on your reading comprehension. I asked if it would be a problem *if* my answer was nothing. That has no bearing on my actual answer.


Nobody. Again you're just strawmanning something because apparently reading is hard. Unless you find me a quote where I said it's mandatory for my comments to be negative...? I post what I want, positive or negative. Nothing about "mandatory" in there.


Fair enough.


Mainly because you're foaming at the mouth to berate me, which is funny and isn't really an "I am dealing with this appropriately" kind of response.


I don't really think I'm foaming at the mouth to berate people (unlike you), I posted a snarky one liner. But maybe.




@_date: 2018-03-10 06:08:57


If the answer is "nothing," why is that a problem? Again, do my comments need to offer value to the less-informed? If so, why?


Why not? I wanted to post something, so I did. Your apparent inability to deal with it is pretty amusing imo. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 06:06:54
Thanks for telling me about the point of my posts. To be honest, I had no idea. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 06:17:05
Oh no, you invested in a volatile asset and lost $20. Cry us a river.
@_date: 2018-03-09 09:28:40
Fwiw, I'm not trying to solve a problem. Just posting a comment with a negative tone about an all-too-common investor sentiment. Shrug.
@_date: 2018-03-09 09:29:00


Are my comments for some reason obligated to be helpful...?