@_author: glowplugmech
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:39:01


If I have a stream of data coming in at 10mbps and it is being decrypted at 10mbps then the additional latency of the decryption process is 0 seconds.  You are falsely assuming that the data needs to be downloaded first and then decrypted.  The process is a stream with nanosecond latency between operations.
If the encryption and decryption operations are faster than the network then it *cannot* increase the time to access the data.


BigTable is not "local" depending on what "local" means.  It is a distributed database that operates across multiple data centers.
Have you done any research on BigTable and databases like it?
From the document:
"Cassandra is based on a Key Value model like BigTable"


You mentioned hopping I was clearing up a confusion about hop latency.


Here you mention "TCP connections in series" those are more commonly called "hops".
The fact of the matter is that no network of any kind would have a fifteen second latency.  As I stated previously that is long enough to travel around the Earth fifty times.


I work on networks for a living and am trying to clear up some misconceptions that you have about these systems.  There isn't any need to be hostile.


You were off to a good start until you got to "100x1/7 = 14".
When you query a distributed database like BigTable or Cassandra there is one request and one reply.  Some node in the network has the meta-data for your query and the latency to that node and back is the full latency of the request.  If you want a more detailed explanation of how this works I can give one.  I would also highly recommend reading the PDF I linked.


Latency is not a problem if you calculate it properly.


The entire system has aggressive caching.  There is even caching at the ISP level.  This means that when you do a request its possible that Comcast responds instead of Google with the results you needed from Google.  This is already somewhat distributed and is becoming more distributed as they expand.
The more aggressively you cache and distribute the data the more total bandwidth available for that data and the lower the latency.
Will it be the case that the first distributed networks will be faster than existing ones?  Probably not.  Is there any physical reason that they will not eventually be many times faster?  No.
@_date: 2015-02-09 03:06:10


I was just curious where you heard that Bitcoin cannot be used anonymously.  It is actually quite easy.  You can even do it on a smart phone with Orbot and Greenbits.


A lot of products and services that we purchase online today are not sufficiently complex that they would require sentient computers, just somewhat intelligent ones.
Deep learning algorithms are going to be able to perform a host of tasks that humans perform today.
There is no guarantee of quality from human operated companies.  A distributed company could fulfill refunds and returns as well as answer questions that customers have for example.
Just like any company if it fails to deliver quality then it will go out of business.  If an autonomous company runs out of funds then it simply stops running.  It would quickly be replaced by it's more efficient competitors.
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:47:58


If I'm not mistaken those services have associated fees?  I pay 0% to use BTC.
Don't you find it strange that you would embrace both PayPal and Apple Pay which are digital payment services but *not* BTC?  It has all of the same capabilities plus many that those services do not have.
I could understand someone who is against *all* digital payment services and as a result has some animosity towards BTC but you are selectively supporting some and not others.
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:11:05


Transaction fees are not mandatory for anyone.  Including a transaction fee can speed up your transaction but it is not mandatory.


You should come to Farmington Hills, MI and buy some food with BTC it might change your mind about the personal uses for Bitcoin.
Just for a some examples my shoes and wireless access point were purchased using BTC from Overstock.com and Newegg.com respectively.  The process for me was easier than entering a credit card number.
I am familiar with my phones OS and the Greenbits app so it was fast and easy for me to checkout.  I'm sure that isn't the case for everyone.  The general public's familiarity with these things will increase with time, the same as it has with the internet in general and smart phones.
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:43:53


Did you read the Wikipedia article?  The feature that requires encryption is the trustless storage of public content.  The local cache is not simply read-only.  It is read only plus other individuals who are authenticated with their key can modify the contents on your cache.


Please read the link above.  Tahoe-LAFs was written by geniuses.  I don't think its fair to call their software poorly designed without having even a basic understanding of how it functions.


The average internet speed in America is 10Mbps.  Spindle disks have a sequential bandwidth of 1200Mbps.  Solid state drives have a sequential bandwidth of 3840Mbps.
The processor I linked can encrypt and decrypt data at 69,680Mbps.
No it will not be slower.


Google's search meta-data is stored in a distributed database called BigTable which has features very similar to a DHT.


Layer 3 switching latency is generally lower than 1000ns.
A hundred hops at 1000ns comes out to 100,000ns or 0.0001 seconds.  You then add the .0001 seconds to the distance traveled in km divided by 299,792.458km/s.
GEO satellite internet has a 1 second round trip latency and travels 135,000km.  Why would terrestrial network latency be fifteen times that?  That is long enough for the signal to travel around the circumference of the Earth fifty times.


Where did you read that distributed databases are suboptimal?
Furthermore, how does it stand to reason that a query to a meta-data cache that is near my location will have appreciably higher latency than going all the way to a Google datacenter?
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:51:49


In my area the Bronx Deli accepts Bitcoin.  It even has a Bitcoin ATM where I can get cash using the GreenBits app on my phone.
I'm sorry that this isn't available in your area yet.  The good news is that it will be soon.
@_date: 2015-02-09 18:17:27


Although this is an interesting point consider intellectual property violations.  There are less than a half a dozen people in prison for piracy in America and it is a Felony committed by millions of Americans daily.
Do you honestly think it is possible to prosecute ten million Americans for using TOR?  What about a hundred million?  Our justice system is already over capacity.


The exact opposite is true.  The massive majority of Americans break federal laws on a daily basis.


The war on Piracy and Drugs has not only done absolutely nothing to reduce either, but both industries have grown massively.
Apparently all of that money isn't doing them very much good.


It is both physically and financially impossible for the American government to control all TOR nodes.  First of all the majority of the nodes are not in the United States.  Secondly the cost to compromise a billion nodes is in the trillions of dollars per day.
You accused me of not thinking into the future.  What happens when a billion Indians and Chinese bring TOR nodes online?  What could the American government possibly do?  There isn't enough money in the entire world to control that many nodes.


Do you work in a Technology field professionally?  I'm just curious where you are getting this information.
The way that users join a TOR node is by a trusted list downloaded to their system from a node.  In countries where you could be killed for using encryption or speaking out against your government they use side-channels to acquire trusted lists that are physically not susceptible to any TOR or network related attacks.
If the American government spins up a trillion TOR nodes in a centralized data center the trusted list would omit all of that data centers public IP's and nobody on the network would ever connect to it.  The nodes would sit there forever and nobody would ever use them.


I would highly recommend doing more research into these topics from a technological standpoint before confusing other users.  I am not trying to be insulting, but there is enough misinformation on this sub as-is.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:29:28


This attack only works in cases where the user has connected to a compromised node.  In the future TOR will be more popular and the amount of compromised nodes relative to total nodes will go down not up.  There are other technologies such as I2P and GNUNet I was just giving one example.


This might be the best counter-example to your point.  Currently as it stands there have been zero arrests for individuals purchasing marijuana with BTC over TOR.
Regardless the government depends on TOR internally and physically cannot ban it.  Additionally our government is the largest contributor and original creator of the project.


Currently you can purchase anonymous cash or prepaid cash cards with BTC.  The process for doing so may *currently* be difficult for the average user but it has been getting easier and will continue to get easier.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:45:50


Did you read the Wikipedia for Tahoe-LAFS?  It uses an encrypted trustless local data cache.  A query for data that you access often happens instantly.  A query for new data will hit the nearest local cache for that data which depending on the network is at least as fast as the current internet.


Having data in one place is like Google or Facebook is riddled with disadvantages.  Centralization is subject to tyranny, censorship, outages and inconsistency.
The distributed networks of the near future are going to perform significantly better than the monopoly networks we have today.  There is no reason to allow companies to keep the monopoly of our data in the name of speed.
The goal is to have our freedom and speed, in that order.


What did I call a corporation?  A corporation is a legal entity, we are talking about an extralegal entity.
Maybe you got me mixed up with someone else?
@_date: 2015-02-10 03:46:56


That's because the information doesn't go through an extended path.  It is possible that the node containing the requested data is very close.


Did you read the first page of the PDF I linked?
From the document:




The confusion may be in the fact that you are assuming decentralization to mean "run by users and not a company" but that is not what it means.
From the article:


Google's networks are comprised of millions of commodity servers which are connected to a private network that spans the entire country.  These are "local stations of equal importance and capability" that are "components of a larger computer network".
I agree that Google is a centralized organization, meaning that the public has no control over how they operate.  But they absolutely do use distributed decentralized applications.
When you query a Google service you hit a proxy server that decides based on the contents of your query which node will service that request.  Since the same node does not always service your request the system is decentralized.
@_date: 2015-02-09 03:56:34


The real reason probably has to do with the fact that they bring in a ton of ad revenue.


This is absolutely feasible just not easy.  Here are some example technologies that will eventually allow these kinds of applications to exist.
@_date: 2015-02-09 17:43:12


Since when did "encrypted" become a buzz word?


The cache is encrypted because the data is trustless.  The data of another persons website can be local on your system but only they can make changes.  It is read-only unless you are the owner.  This is possible due to the various encryption schemes integral to Tahoe-LAFS.


An i3-4330 has 8.71GB/s of AES bandwidth.  No it would not make the query slower.  Modern processors have crypto ASICs that make encryption and decryption operations extremely fast.


The average user does not download single 100GB files.  It is common to stream very large files, but you don't have to wait for the download to finish for that just the buffer.


Searching a distributed network can be accomplished with a DHT that stores meta-data about every site on the network and is stored locally on the users system.  You don't need to scan all of the data on the network to return a website, you just need to scan the meta-data which can be local and updated periodically.


The speeds will be reasonable especially compared to what most Americans are accustomed to.  This is ignoring the fact that distributed networks are going to be used by developing nations first and then we will catch up later.
The o3b networks MEO constellation will cover 70% of the planet with high speed internet with only 8 satellites at 95% lower latency than GEO satellite internet.  LEO constellations that follow will have a further 95% lower latency than that.


A corporation and company are very different to begin with.  A piece of software becomes an autonomous company in my eyes when it provides a product or service to the market and operates a receivable and payable account.
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:36:06


May I ask where you got the idea that you can't use Bitcoin anonymously?


If I buy something from a company run by software and my product and/or service is as described why would I not trust this company?


Any company that sells any product or service stands to benefit.  No legal or labor overhead means cheaper products and services.


Who benefits from buying products and services from companies that *do* have people at the helm?  Labor increases costs, that is a bad thing.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:35:35


I'm sorry I wasn't exactly clear.  When I said "at the helm" I meant companies that use human labor.
The profits of an autonomous company have two possible destinations.
In the case where the profit is sent back to the original creator this does not create the same amount of labor overhead that traditional companies have.  In many industries labor is 99% of the input cost.  In this case for example the owner extracts 15% profit annually.
The other case is that the autonomous company does not pay *any* human.  The net result is that cheaper products and services are available on the market that increase our quality of life.
There is no negative to such a completely autonomous company existing.  Everything starts to become cheaper without any effort from humans.  Sounds like a pretty good deal.
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:50:34


No it really does not add latency.  A stream of data goes from the network interface to the system memory where it is decrypted on-the-fly by the CPU.  The total time for a block of data in system memory to be decrypted is on the order of nanoseconds.


It doesn't help to further the discussion by being hostile.
I work on these systems for a living.  I assure you that nothing I have told you is false.  I can supply further reading on these subjects if you are interested.  I am supplying references to my claims the best that I can.


I agree with you that the data integrity of BigTable is maintained by the fact that Google always trusts itself.  Certainly there would be a problem if we created a distributed search system based on Cassandra (unfortunately we don't have access to BigTable) and simply had everyone join the database with their PC's.
This is not what I am suggesting though.  Systems like Tahoe-LAFS completely solve the trust issue.  If you take a database like Cassandra and put it on top of LAFS then data integrity is retained even when non-trusted parties cache the data.
I can give a more technical explanation for exactly how this works if you are interested.


I don't think you understood my comment.  I am stating that *no matter what you do* there will never be latencies that high.  You calculated the latency incorrectly.


BigTable and Cassandra are decentralized distributed databases.
I think we are getting some terms mixed up.  There is organization centralization, and application centralization.
Google is a centralized organization that uses some decentralized applications.  Furthermore, the decentralized applications that Google does use could benefit from *more* decentralization.  This is evidenced by the fact that Google continues its campaign to aggressively cache its data all over the country in ISP data centers.


I don't know what this means.


Cassandra and BigTable are distributed decentralized databases used by centralized organizations.  It is the organization that we are trying to decentralized, the databases are already how we need them for the most part.
Of course it is good that you pointed out the trust issue, but that has been theoretically solved as well.  The first implementations of such a system I would expect to see within five years.
You should consider reading all of the links that I have posted so far it will clear up these misconceptions much more easily.
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:20:26


More streamlined phone apps and desktop apps.  Better ATM and POS designs.  There are a ton of ways that things will get easier.
As adoption continues to grow more money will be put into developing easier to use software and physical devices.  Things are already a hundred times easier than four years ago.  They will be a thousand times easier four years from now.