@_author: glurpies
@_date: 2014-04-04 13:57:59
Alright, he fucked up, can anyone be constructive though? Calling him a scumbag isn't helping his kids and it probably won't push him to make the right decision. 
Does anyone have suggestions on what he should do? Ultimately, this money should be in either a savings account or a mutual/index fund, correct? Should he pull it immediately?
Also, I don't know bitcoin current events well. Why the drop? Just the bubble partially bursting? 
@_date: 2014-01-16 03:45:02
Theoretically it's bad for bitcoin because it is dangerously near controlling over half of the bitcoin mining. When you control over half of the mining you can begin "printing" bitcoins. No one can verify whether you actually had the bitcoins you say you traded.
Mining is the process that protects against currency fraud. To break that down, miners check to see if the coins traded are legitimate. 
When Anonymous Bob says he traded coins, did he actually trade those coins? Did he own those coins? Did he "copy" those coins? Are they real coins? A bitcoin is just a string of code after all. Someone has to insure that a copy/paste isn't occurring. 
Why mine? Those bitcoin miners are rewarded by the random distribution of bitcoins every 15 minutes (something close to that). The more powerful your mining rig, the more likely you are to win those coins. 
Companies made mining outfits that others could contribute to/invest in and share the profits. This one is VERY large. Almost half of all mining power. If it goes over that half mark, it has the ability to lie and say that copy/pastes didn't occur when they did. It can "print" bitcoins this way. 
However, because everyone knows that. GHASH.IO will never surpass 50%. If any miner passes 50, bitcoins become worthless. But reddit's bitcoin community is a little shortsighted and is freaking out nonetheless. If GHASH.IO passed 50, it would be committing suicide.
TLDR: GHASH.IO could print fake bitcoins if it controlled over 50% of mining.