@_author: gmcgator
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:54:44
wow, amazing to watch that thing sink this morning - their plan is working.  GBTC down 24% and falling just 21 mins of market open.  Wait, now coming back up - 19%, 18%, I can't watch this and type...
@_date: 2019-08-01 13:24:50
I agree, I'm sure I can decide better uses for my money than the gov't can do for me too.  But are you confident that all of society is as capable as us - I'm not.  Are they saving money for retirement so that they don't need social security? are they working so they can  purchase insurance in case they or their family get sick? are companies concerned with the damage they might do to the environment by dumping or spewing waste or would a hefty tax on polluting better ensure compliance?  every time a citizen of company gives zero fucks about these things (and more), we pay for them with our taxes, our raised healthcare premiums, our degrading environment, like it or not.
@_date: 2019-08-21 23:22:51
Yes, you made that so simple.  Thank you donald
@_date: 2019-10-05 01:54:25
I see that as abbreviated "butt fucked"
@_date: 2019-09-28 13:56:37
If you've been lurking then you must have an interest.  Seems like you're using the words "cult" &amp; "gambling" as personal warnings to yourself, maybe to validate why you haven't bought.  Sure there are some extremes here, but I can show you cult-like passion in just about anything (see any sports team, gaming discussions, or the mother of all tribalism -politics).  As for gambling, there's actual gambling, then take a gander at r/wallstreetbets If you want to see some real toilet flushing money moves, and they're proud of it (and as much as they're wrong, often they're right and get paid).
Full transparency, I'm lurking too.  I own 0 bitcoin (I've traded gbtc stock).  I trade stocks and some options, and max a Roth 401k.  But I have been studying btc and look at it as a diversifying asset, so I'll soon determine how much of my stock portfolio to move to btc.  This pullback has been nice given that I was close to pulling the trigger at 10k, a good entry is nice to have.  I also want some gold and silver, real estate, even a cash position.  Fact is btc is proving to be a serious investment vehicle, and we could look back and realize that this time was still "early".  Stocks are a gamble as much as anything else - a wrong word on a earnings call, trade deals talks, trump tweets all have the power to move prices.  Hell yesterday the gov't said they're thinking about delisting China stocks - I own some and am not too happy they can decide what I should invest in in order to pressure the trade talks.
I bet if you learned more about it, you may not be so critical of those involved in it now.  One single item that helped push me over the edge was a podcast episode by "the investors podcast", which I have been listening to for years and respect.  They interviewed Trace Mayer, an early btc adopter, and it just made sense.  I'd encourage you to just listen to that episode and then at least you'll see the perspective of those that are investing in it.   Good luck to you.
@_date: 2019-09-04 04:22:07
Digital gold was good.  Written in 2016 it's the story of bitcoin's origin and early growth.