@_author: gmdagdbc
@_date: 2018-11-20 07:07:34
"TA is so dumb, magic triangle lines are just memes." - Reddit users who bought in November, have never cracked a book on trading, and just learned the term 'capitulation' 4 weeks ago
The fact that you think you know more after 10 months in the market than actual millionaire traders like Bollinger or Brandt is the reason you lost all your money.
@_date: 2018-11-20 07:18:43
All the more reason to get off this worthless site and actually learn how to trade without bias. There are zero traders giving good TA opinion here. Zero. If they do they get downvoted. People here are so obtuse on trading it's crazy. It's like they want to lose money. 
Everyone here needs to read TA Explained by Pring before you EVER pretend to know what the fuck you're talking about with market psychology. Face it, you're no smarter than the magic meme line idiots otherwise.
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:57:36
I'm in fiat right now, but thanks for the tip.
@_date: 2018-11-20 07:43:13
Have you ever read a book by an experienced, successful trader? Just answer honestly: Why would you ever think you know more than actual millionaires with decades of focused trading experience? How can you seriously say that "no one actually makes money from TA" when that is just objectively and obviously not true? Do you go to the zoo and tell trainers how to feed the lions? Are you that stupid?
Just because you suck at it doesn't mean smarter people than you aren't making money with it. Hope is not a strategy. Get off reddit and read a book.
Edit: you edited your comment but I'm leaving mine untouched.
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:56:47
100% speculation. You are a bad trader. Guessing in either direction is not a strategy.
@_date: 2018-11-20 07:28:39
Nothing. Do you think crypto is dead? Bakkt, Morgan Stanley, CBOE, just going to go away?
 If not, watch the market, find an entry point. If so, sell all and go buy T-bonds.
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:59:57
Damn I need that secret bro, I've been making money using exclusively TA for the last 10 years by accident
@_date: 2018-11-20 08:33:13
Brother you are so misinformed on this that I hesitate to continue this conversation, but, I'll hit some of your points and then allow you to flounder in stubborn ignorance.
What you are calling technical analysis is an obtuse interpretation of the practice. What you are describing is a magic crystal ball that predicts price movement for guaranteed success. That is not what technical analysis is, and only a ignorant buffoon would believe that. Technical analysis is ACTUALLY a toolbelt of well-established methods to assist a trader in risk management, entry points, market psychology, etc. As opposed to looking at quality or value. If you need a more in-depth explanation on what technical analysis actually means, I suggest you read just the first chapter of TA Explained by Martin Pring. You won't, but you should.
All of the people examples you listed are fundamental analysts, so of course they don't use TA, that's not what they're experienced or educated in. Of course, they don't call TA bullshit, because you don't have a source for that. That would be like Chip Kelly saying West Coast is BS because he likes the run game better, which would be a dumb thing for a coach to say. What I think you'll actually find is more hedge fund managers saying "I'm not good at TA, so I don't use it." Which is, in essence, how Buffett describes it.
TA is very personal, and is better suited to high volume, so of course hedge funds wouldn't operate on TA.
You don't understand technical analysis, and you're chosing to be ignorant instead of open-minded. That's a bad idea in a market that has basically zero fundamental history, but to each his own I suppose.
Also, you did edit your comment, I copied and pasted it directly. It said  "no one actually makes money using TA". Reddit doesn't show asterisks within a certain time limit. You're a liar, too.
@_date: 2018-11-20 16:42:30
I have to bite.


This is a great example, because astrology is exactly like TA in that it doesn't have a "right answer." People who practice astrology use indicators to make decisions. Whether those indicators are "fact" or "fiction" is irrelevant. If you don't believe the stars actually send messages to people (I don't either), it doesn't negate the fact that some people do, and use it to their advantage or disadvantage. TA is not a book of rules, so whether you think the meaning behind it is bull or not, if it works for traders (and it does for some and not for others) it's kinda irrelevant what someone who doesn't learn it thinks.


Yep, another method of trading that works for some. Like value investing or technical analysis for others. High frequency trading uses a plethora of technical indicators, for what it's worth.


I forgot. Howard Marks, Peter Lynch, Ray Dalio, John Bogle never wrote a book. What a stupid argument. Getting wealthy off value investing requires a large amount of capital for the average trader, that's why technical analysts "sell their methods." Because they can show you how to make asymmetrical trades with the right data. Warren Buffet doesn't have to trade BTC 5 times a day following the moving average to gain wealth. BTW, if you're paying for someone else's TA methods, you're doing it wrong.


Not in the way technical analysts do, hedge funds don't trade AAPL or BTC 5 times a day.


Everyone has heard this quote. You hear "bullshit," I hear "I can't figure it out so I won't use it." Warren Buffet isn't an omniscient financial being, unless you think missing out on tech stocks somehow makes him a genius. He's a great value investor. He's not a great technical analyst. 


How can you possibly say this when it just objectively not true?
