@_author: gmw0
@_date: 2014-02-24 15:38:04
I've repeatedly seen the claim that the high USD-BTC rate was due to the difficulty of getting USD out of Gox.  That's merely one of two possibilities, however.
Consider: when the demand for BTC exceeds the demand for fiat, then the price of BTC in terms of fiat increases (supply and demand).
Note that Gox is the only exchange that accepts JPY; so if people in Japan want to buy BTC, their options were to 1) deal with Gox from their bank, or 2) open an account overseas and wire JPY there, which would incur both a wire transfer fee and a forex charge.  The former would be less risky than the latter (at least if one didn't have a dearth of confidence in Gox).
The USD price on Gox was the JPY price times the USD/JPY exchange rate, i.e. there was no pricing differential in terms of currency.  If the BTC-USD and BTC-JPY rates weren't pegged, then this rate would differ by currency in terms of demand between USD and JPY.  As such, it follows that all trading was settled to JPY given that the bank used by Gox would have accounts in yen.
One explanation for the pricing differential is as suggested, it was hard to get USD out of Gox: demand for USD exceeded demand for BTC.  This would imply that people who had long traded Gox were trying to get their stuff out and were converting to BTC in order to get it out of Gox.  Would that last 6+ months?  This seems unlikely, because people would convert USD to BTC ASAP and get the hell out.
The other explanation for the pricing differential is that there was a high demand for BTC in JPY, i.e. since Gox is the primary source for the 3rd largest economy in the world, that the demand for BTC was higher than the demand for JPY.  The USD price was just a consequence of the exchange rate.  Pent-up demand for BTC in JPY is something that could've lasted for months, as opposed to the "rats fleeing a sinking ship" explanation.
Something to consider, FWIW.
@_date: 2014-02-13 02:21:24
Ask him if he'd like to retract any statements made in the comments to CoinSpectator:
"Meanwhile, bitcoin remains unaffected. No transactions were falsified, the network continues to operate normally, and the authoritative ledger contains a correct record of transactions." etc.
@_date: 2014-02-13 01:59:12
IRA money has to be in a custodial account, which sequesters the tax-free funds from other accounts that aren't tax-free.
The best solution for investing in bitcoin in an IRA would be that bitcoin ETF, if it ever becomes available.