@_author: gnomedompski
@_date: 2015-02-15 08:32:04
This was the closest page to a review that I found before using prepaidbitco.in so I thought that I should write a review so that others that find this while searching can learn about my experience with them at least.
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:29:07
I left out nothing. I mentioned the two cards from day 1 of this review.
"This was no problem as shortly after contacting them about it they cancelled one card out letting me know which one is still good while sending the $100 gift card straight away with a bonus $2 card for the trouble."
"The card he mentioned was a free $10 gift card..."
You can't do math and you can't read? Today is Monday and some of us have to work instead of going around doxxing customers and posting personal information gotten from the paypal transaction!
 This is the email I sent you proposing to NOT send the offered refund of $45 without request of the bitcoin and yet again you could not communicate like a normal person and instead came up with your own solution and just sent the whole refund asking me to send it at my earliest convenience which I decided would be after I confirm that the refund is back to my card before I send the bitcoin.  - your email to me.
You refused to accept the bitcoin back for a refund multiple times going as far as to just stop replying when I offered that as an agreement but when I say don't send the refund and instead send the rest of what I payed for then you send the refund?
Instead of communicating with your customer to agree to a solution you just kept doing whatever you wanted including POSTING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION ON THE INTERNET! Why should anyone ever do business with you when this is how you react to a bad review? I will NOT work with anyone who tries to use intimidation and threatens my safety by posting my personal information on the internet just because they can't wait more than half a day after telling someone to do something at their earliest convenience for them to do it! I will NOT let someone posting my information online change or censor my review of their service! This is unacceptable for a business to treat their customers like this and I will not continue to communicate with your doxxing site and expect that you will respect my personal information by not posting more of it!
@_date: 2015-02-15 08:20:52
Lol. Sorry I am still new to reddit. I did put it into paragraphs but it didn't post that way. Can you not just hit return and it work that way?
EDIT: I hope that helps a bit.
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:06:13
Hi you buy the gift cards and they are worth the dollar amount listed when you bought them. When you activate them you get the BTC at what ever rate is currently listed on their site. So you buy a $100 gift card today and in 2 months you can activate it and supposed to receive $100- $3 activation fee in BTC at their inflated exchange rate. Only thing is you will get only a bit over $70 worth of BTC from prepaidbitco.in because they take over 20% of the value when you activate the cards in hidden fees that they don't mention when you are buying the gift card.
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:55:12
People he says you shouldn't believe me for I don't know what reason. I have the over 30 emails, paypal history and can provide those to prove every part of this story. The events happened as described including the doxxing that the comment I am replying under is referring to. He posts my information online after waiting half a day after asking for the bitcoin to be sent back at my earliest convenience which I choose to do after confirming the refund in my cards account (EDIT: Just to clarify the refund is yet to show in the cards transaction history at the time of this comments writing) and says I am a liar. I reply here to reference the doxx post and to avoid replying directly to them as again I stress I will not work with a company that threatens my safety by feeling free to post my personal information when they feel like it.
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:21:29
I don't have a problem with most forms of verification, although some sites go overboard. I would love to simply pick one of the big sites like coinbase but for those who avoid banks they aren't an option. Its funny how a couple years ago bitcoin was thought to be the bank killer and yet now the only reliable way to get bitcoin is with a bank account :p