@_author: gnomeygustav
@_date: 2014-10-18 06:04:55
Well, at least we won't have to travel very far.
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:06:59


You're right, economic liberty and political liberty can be in tension. 
And in confronting that tension, the free-market libertarian chooses laissez-faire economic freedom every time.  Due to the ensuing concentration of power, he then begins to believe that political (and in many cases individual!) liberty is impossible.  "Capitalism is the only way to freedom" eventually becomes "freedom is whatever capitalism can offer".


You will only consider extremes because you do not want to hear of an alternative superior to our present economic system.  The only way for a capitalist system to retain its democratic form in the long run is to redistribute all wealth that might be capable of inducing political corruption and pay it out to the people in the form of a social dividend or universal basic income.  We must reduce the role of the capitalist market system from the purpose of our society's existence to a carefully-controlled engine for progress.  Capitalism is a dangerous but useful machine, and we should treat it that way.


And now you've given up on democracy altogether.  Every other form of liberty except the freedom to trade must wither and die for the dream of the free-market capitalist to succeed.  Remember that, libertarians.  The form of government that naturally accompanies unrestricted capitalism is *not* democracy, but [inverted totalitarianism](  You do not fight for freedom - you make us slaves to the rich and powerful.
@_date: 2015-02-15 07:14:30
No, you tell me.  This is very important and shouldn't just be casually waved away.  You said that the actual source of the corruption is the influence of the lobbyist or desire to please the lobbyist.  This is different from the government being *inherently* corrupt; that is, engaging in corruption for its own ends without anyone exerting influence.
@_date: 2015-02-15 08:01:34
Right.  But what is the origin of the corruption then?  The lobbyists go to the government because they have power.  That is true; the government needs some authority to carry out its mandate.  Whether the government is well-organized and effective or not, it needs some form of power.
But why would the government follow the instructions of a lobbyist?  In particular, why would the government listen to a lobbyist when his advice enriches one small group at the expense of everyone else?  The government wouldn't listen to *me* if I told my congressman to vote me a million dollars of tax money. 
Given a moderately sensible form of government, the corruption begins when a small set of individuals become *wealthy* enough to bend the political process in their favor.  Why does the government listen to the lobbyist?  Because they represent people who are wealthy enough to advance the politician's career - to give him more power.  Just as you said, the politician appeases the lobbyist because he has money and can offer power.
Why on Earth would a democratic society allow anyone to have enough wealth to buy political power?  That runs contrary to the fundamental principles of democracy - every person receives one vote and no more.  And yet the problem is that capitalism itself, unless run properly, will inevitably create that set of individuals that can buy the entire government.  The deregulated capitalism that libertarians want is the root cause of today's inverted totalitarianism.
Here I am not arguing against capitalism's efficacy in creating economic efficiency or wealth in the short- to medium-term.  But I am saying that it will eventually destroy itself through the corrupting influence of concentrated wealth.  It creates the corruption and aggravates both the cause and effects of that corruption over time.  As you say, it is a cycle.
That's what Friedman sweeps under the rug in crusading for this belief that only free markets can create freedom.  He points to the effect of corrupted government without identifying the cause of that corruption.  We are asked to believe that government officials are just conscienceless villains who harm us for inscrutable reasons.  That makes no sense.  What is the motivation if not a partnership with the economic elite?
Here many libertarians would argue that without the government power, there would be no influence for the rich to buy.  I would just say - look at history.  When has a powerful group of people ever failed to take advantage of a political vacuum?  Without a centralized government, capitalism's wealth concentration will lead to feudalism and tyranny when the rich decide to create that political power for themselves.
@_date: 2015-02-15 07:09:52


And how did the sand lobby get so much influence?