@_author: gnswhu1d
@_date: 2017-10-14 03:17:02
Yep, exactly. Once your transaction is confirmed by being included in a valid freshly-mined block, it will be recorded in the blockchain and continually verified by the network. If you know the txid (or either source or destination address), you can look up the transaction in any block explorer.
@_date: 2017-10-14 01:43:21
Keys aren't per-bitcoin, but per-address. When the exchange sent you the bitcoin, the value of bitcoin moved from the address owned by the exchange to yours. Your wallet should have generated an address in order to allow you to receive the coins.
@_date: 2017-10-14 06:29:55
For some context, sending bitcoin starts by sending the transaction to any node, where it gets stored in a big list shared across the network called the mempool. At this stage your wallet will probably show your transaction as pending or unconfirmed. When a miner finds the next block they get to pick which transactions to include in the limited block space. To provide an incentive, each transaction includes a fee that will be paid to the miner who picks the transaction. If the network decides that the block is valid, your transaction is now included in the blockchain.
So typically the thing that goes wrong is that you use a fee that's too low and your coins become "stuck" in the mempool, with no miners willing to include your tx because there are more lucrative options. This can be pretty inconvenient but you're not really at risk of losing your coins. You can wait for the mempool to shrink, but if you control the destination address (e.g. an exchange is sending you coins), you can "bump" the transaction by sending the unconfirmed coins to another address you control. You'll need to use a large enough fee to make both transactions worthwhile for miners. If you don't control the destination, the recipient can do this. In the case of sending to an exchange, you'd probably need to contact support.
So basically you should try to use a large enough fee or you may wind up in an inconvenient (but recoverable) situation. There are sites that'll recommend the fee based on the current state of the mempool, and it's worth using them to check that your wallet is using a sane fee.
Also, if you haven't encountered this yet -- the easiest and most damaging mistakes with crypto are 1) sending to the wrong address 2) using a fee that is *way* too big. In both cases you won't be able to recover your coins unless the recipient/miner is nice enough to return them. If you double check that these are correct, you're very probably safe.