@_author: gnu6969
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:06:53
I wasn't doubting that the blockchain can be useful for such purposes - I expressed my unhappiness with the size of the blockchain, which is already huge and may become a lot larger with applications like that (potentially too large to handle).
@_date: 2014-02-16 02:35:52
This Nooku guy made a post claiming that withdrawals are working for him a few minutes earlier. This was apparently well-placed market manipulation that caused the price to go up.
He later edited the post to look like an innocent question about withdrawals, then removed it and posted this current thread.
@_date: 2014-03-31 01:18:23
An interesting question that has been asked by some (but was not answered, as far as I can tell) is how Karpeles obtained the funds to buy MtGox. The idea that he might also have started using customer funds to pay off McCaleb sounds appealing to me.
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:58:26
To be honest, this idea of putting any stuff in the blockchain worries me. We already have problems with its huge size - what if we end up with an "internet in a file"?
I know that some steps have already been taken not to include noise transactions in ordinary user blockchain processing, but it could still turn out to be a problem for other purposes.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:20:51
Plot twist: It's Mark Karpeles doing this to get some more cash.
@_date: 2015-01-06 06:09:43
It's somewhat worrying to see so much centralization in this system. It's not just the exchanges but also BitPay and the mining pools, any of which could cause devastating problems if Bitcoin grows to be used for any sizeable business purposes.
Many argue that we keep seeing more diversification in the exchanges, but the leading ones still offer substantial benefits to attract the most users (there's more liquidity, more accurate pricing, more trust in large and supposedly more proven exchanges, etc.)
Even if we see the exchanges and payment services get diversified to a level that would be healthy to the system, we may then witness the rise of cartels and monopolies that buy up or cooperate with competing services, possibly offering benefits to users that could be hard to match by other exchanges.
So if this network is effectively in the hands of a few corporations, what prevents them from exerting a tremendous amount of control/manipulation to become insanely powerful at, or even far above, the level of the private banks we have today?
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:30:56
Regarding the password: when I registered, they sent it via mail. So you could search your mail archive to see whether it contains one with the old password as well.
I only had positive experiences with Changelly, and while a few (out of many) transactions failed for me, the support solved all problems quickly when contacted by using the button on the transaction's page.
But as others have said, that's a crazy amount of money to send in a single transaction.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:58:47
What makes you so sure that it hasn't actually doubled in value?
There is a lot of speculation, true, but there is also a recent capital flight from Spain and Cyprus (and Russians are taking note too) into Bitcoin as a store of value. It's true that there's no Bitcoin economy to speak of, and from this angle, Bitcoin might indeed be overvalued, so for now it may be more of an asset like gold rather than a serious currency for every day use.
But still - if a LOT of people join Bitcoin, gain trust in it, and most importantly bring in their cash, then it is totally natural for it to appreciate due to limited availability and huge demand. It is becoming a brand name, the mass media are taking note and spreading the word. And then again, businesses notice the boom and the BC economy grows as well.
If it's on the radar of a 10 or 100 times more people than before last month, how can it NOT affect the value in the way we see it? Huge momentum alone matters, see the value of Facebook, Twitter, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-08 12:46:54
A huge problem is that you can't just buy them easily from any halfway legitimate vendors. You have to get to those sketchy, unprofessional exchanges which require you to identify yourself. This takes a while if it works, and it may not work at all if you're not from the US.
There's a big German exchange which actually asks you to provide your online banking login + PIN so that they can transfer a small amount to themselves to verify your account. Really.
We have heard of many other cases of theft, coins locked into a marketplace, and so on. It's not easy to "just" buy some bitcoins without having to worry that you're going to get ripped off.